Narre Warren railway station

Narre Warren Railway Station is a railway station in Myki Zone 2, located in Narre Warren, Victoria. The station is on the Pakenham Line.

The station opened four years after the railway between Dandenong and Pakenham was built, on 10 March 1882. It was built as a single platform station.

In 1956, a second rail from Dandenong was built, serving the new platform 2. In 1962, the new rail from Dandenong was extended to Berwick.

In October 2004, the Narre Warren-Cranbourne Road underpass was built.

In July 2021, a new Narre Warren station was proposed, this would move the station to a sky rail design, similar to those up the line at Carnegie, Murrumbeena, and etc. The construction started very soon after. The new station is said to be built by 2025.

Premium station

A Premium station is a term used in the Melbourne train system for a station where there are better things than the other stations. There are currently 72 stations like this. All 5 City Loop stations are Premium stations, as well as the following stations -

Gary the Snail

Gary the Snail is SpongeBob's pet snail who lives with him in their pineapple house. He meows and acts like a cat. He cannot talk but SpongeBob can understand him. Gary is usually shown to be very smart.

Walker Percy

Walker Percy (May 28, 1916–May 10, 1990) was an American author. He wrote a novel called "The Moviegoer". 

Talcott Parsons

Talcott Parsons (December 13 1902 – May 8 1979) was an American sociologist. He created a type of sociology called structural functionalism. Parsons worked at Harvard University from 1927 to 1973. 

Edward Hopper

Edward Hopper (July 22, 1882 – May 15, 1967) was an American painter. He created paintings called "The Nighthawks" or "Chop Suey".


Elias Canetti

Elias Canetti (July 25, 1905 – August 14, 1994) was an Bulgarian-Swiss Jewish author who wrote "Crowds and Power". A mountain in Antarctica is named for him.

Gao Xingjian

Gao Xingjian (born January 4, 1940), is a Chinese-French writer. He was awarded the 2000 Nobel Prize in Literature.

He is also a stage director and a painter.


English Renaissance drama

English Renaissance drama is sometimes called Elizabethan drama, since its most significant developments started when Elizabeth I was Queen of England from 1558 to 1603. But this name is not very accurate; the drama continued after Elizabeth's death, into the reigns of King James I (1603–1625) and his son King Charles I (1625–1649). Shakespeare, for example, started writing plays in the later years of Elizabeth's reign, but continued into the reign of James. When writing about plays from James's reign, scholars and critics sometimes use the term Jacobean drama; plays from Charles I's reign are called Caroline drama. (These names come from the Latin forms of the two kings' names, "Jacobus" for James and "Carolus" for Charles.) But for the subject as a whole, terms like English Renaissance drama or theatre are more accurate.

The year 1576 was a key date in this subject, since that is when the first permanent theatre building was built in London. It was called simply The Theatre, because it was the only place of its kind in England at the time. Before 1576, plays were acted in public halls and large houses, and in inns and public squares and courtyards and other open spaces, by troops of actors that mostly travelled around the countryside between cities and towns. Once the actors had a permanent place to act plays, they could develop their art without the constant need to travel. The Theatre was followed by other theatres in the London area; there were the Curtain, The Rose, the Swan, the Globe, and others too. More plays were written by more playwrights to fill these theatres.

Playwrights worked in both the classic types of drama, tragedy and comedy. They also began their own type of history play, mainly about earlier English kings and the events of their reigns. Shakespeare's "Richard III" and Marlowe's "Edward II" are two examples of this type of English history play. Plays were often written in poetry; early plays were mainly in rhymed verse, though as time passed playwrights came to prefer unrhymed blank verse. Prose was also used in some plays, mostly for comedy.

English Renaissance drama grew and developed until 1642, when it suddenly stopped. In the early years of the English Civil War, the Puritans who were fighting King Charles gained control of London and the region around it. The Puritans were against play-acting; they thought it was sinful and immoral. On September 2, 1642, the Puritans forced the London theatres to close, and to stay closed for most of the time until 1660. Then the English Restoration brought a new king, Charles II, who let the theatres re-open. In the 18-year gap between 1642 and 1660, English society had changed a good deal, and a new style of drama rose up in the Restoration era; it is usually called Restoration drama or Restoration theatre.



Blank verse

The term Blank verse means poetry that does not use rhyme.

Blank verse relies on the meter of the lines in the poem to give structure, and to create the feeling of poetry as compared to prose. An example from William Wordsworth's poem "Michael" shows the lack of rhyme and the strict meter in blank verse – each line sticks fairly closely to the pattern of iambic pentameter:

Many critics judge blank verse to be better than rhyme for serious subjects, and many poets have used blank verse for their most important works. Shakespeare used rhyme in his early plays, but in his more mature works like "Hamlet" he preferred blank verse. John Milton wrote "Paradise Lost" in blank verse, including a note at the beginning of the poem saying that rhyming poetry was used to disguise badly written poems, Lord Tennyson used it for "Idylles of the King", and Wordsworth used it for "The Prelude" and "The Excursion". John Keats used rhyme in his "Endymion", his first try at a major poem; for his second attempt, "Hyperion", he switched to blank verse. The longest poems in English literature are written in blank verse, for example "The Fall of Nineveh" by Edwin Atherstone or "King Alfred" by John Fitchett. This last is about 130 000 lines long.

Many 20th century poets gave up both rhyme and the strict meter of blank verse to write free verse.


Joseph Berg Esenwein, Mary Eleanor Roberts, "Art of Versification". Revised edition. Springfield: 1920.

Cave of Altamira

Altamira (Spanish for 'high view') is a cave in Spain famous for its Upper Paleolithic cave paintings featuring drawings and coloured paintings of wild mammals and human hands. It is located near the town of "Santillana del Mar" in Cantabria, Spain, 30 km west of the city of "Santander". The cave with its paintings has been declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

The cave is approximately 300 meters long



Altamira

Altamira could mean any of the following:


F.C. Kuban Krasnodar

FC Kuban () is a Russian football club based in Krasnodar. In 2006 they won promotion to the Russian Premier League. Kuban have previously spent two seasons in Russian Premier League and three seasons in Soviet Top League.

The club was founded as Dynamo in 1928, but was named Neftyanik in 1954, Kuban in 1958, and Spartak in 1960. In 1963 the club was renamed Kuban and has been known by this name ever since.

Kuban and their predecessors mainly played at the lower levels of Soviet football, winning the RSFSR championship four times. Kuban played in the Soviet Top League in 1980-1982, achieving their best result (13th position) in 1981.

In 1992, due to the dissolution of the USSR, Kuban were entitled to play at the top level instead of being relegated to the Second League. They finished 18th out of 20 teams and were relegated. After spending several seasons in First and Second divisions, they won promotion back to the Premier League for 2004, but were again relegated straight away. This happened again in 2006 when they won promotion for the 2006-2007 season and then finished second to bottom.



Liiga

Liiga also known as SM-liiga from 1975 to 2013, is the top professional ice hockey league in Finland. It is generally thought of as one of the top leagues in Europe. It started in 1975. SM is a common abbreviation for "Suomen mestaruus", "Finnish championship".

Aurochs

The aurochs, or urus, ("Bos primigenius") was a large species of cattle. The aurochs used to be common in Europe. It is extinct now. It was a wild animal, not a domesticated animal. The extinct aurochs/urus is a not the same species as the "wisent" (the European bison).

According to the Paleontologisk Museum, University of Oslo, aurochs developed in India some two million years ago, came into the Middle East and farther into Asia, and reached Europe about 250,000 years ago. People once thought that they were a different species from modern European cattle ("Bos taurus"). Today, people think that aurochs and modern cattle are the same species.

Modern cattle have become much smaller than their wild ancestors: the height of a large domesticated cow is about 1.5 meters (5 feet, 15 hands), while aurochs were about 1.75 meters (5.75 feet, 17 hands).

Aurochs also had several features not often seen in modern cattle, such as lyre-shaped horns set at a forward angle, a pale stripe down the spine, and different color according to the gender. Males were black with a pale stripe down the spine, while females and calves were reddish (these colours are still found in a few domesticated cattle breeds, such as Jersey cattle). Aurochs were also known to have very aggressive behaviour, and killing one was seen as an act of courage in ancient cultures.

At one time there were three aurochs subspecies, namely "Bos primigenius namadicus" (Falconer, 1859) that occurred in India, the "Bos primigenius mauretanicus" (Thomas, 1881) from North Africa and the "Bos primigenius primigenius" (Bojanus, 1827) from Europe and the Middle East. Only the European subspecies survived until recent times.


Privas

Privas is a commune of France, capital (Prefecture) of the Ardèche department of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France. It is the smallest administrative centre of any department in France.

Today Privas is known for several confectionery made with chestnuts produced in the region, as the "marron glacé".

When the department of Ardèche was created on 4 March 1790, the capital was Privas alternating with Annonay, Aubenas, Le Bourg(-Saint-Andéol) and Tournon. In September of that year, Privas became the only capital of the department.

The "commune" of Privas is in the central eastern part of the Ardèche department, in the valley of the "Ouvèze" river, a tributary of the Rhône river. The "commune" of Privas is in the centre of a region known as the "Bassin Privadois".

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Privas to other cities are:

Privas is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Largentière is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The inhabitants of Privas are known, in French, as "Privadois" (women: "Privadoises").

With a population of 8,313, Privas has a population density of inhabitants/km. It is the prefecture with fewest people living in it.
Evolution of the population in Privas

Privas is the prefecture of the Ardèche department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Privas and the administrative centre () of the canton Privas, formed by 15 "communes", including Privas, with 20,402 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Privas Centre Ardèche", officially named as "Communauté d'agglomération Privas Centre Ardèche".

Privas is twinned with:



Guilherand-Granges

Guilherand-Granges is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Tournon-sur-Rhône

Tournon-sur-Rhône is a "commune" in the Ardèche department of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France. It is a "subprefecture" of the department. The city is at about to the north of Valence, the capital of the Drôme department.

Tournon-sur-Rhône, with the name of Tournon, was one of the seven districts of the Ardèche department when it was created on 4 March 1790. When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Tournon was one of the three "arrondissements" of the department.

On 18 March 1988, the name of the city was changed from Tournon to Tournon-sur-Rhône.

The "commune" of Tournon-sur-Rhône is on the northeastern part of the Ardèche department, on the border with the Drôme department. The city is on the right side of the Rhône river.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Tournon-sur-Rhône to other cities are:

Tournon-sur-Rhône is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Montluçon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The inhabitants of Tournon-sur-Rhône are known, in French, as "Tournonais" (women: "Tournonaises").

With a population of 10,558, Tournon-sur-Rhône is the fourth largest city of the department and has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Tournon-sur-Rhône

Tournon-sur-Rhône is a subprefecture of the Ardèche department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Tournon-sur-Rhône and the administrative centre () of the canton Tournon-sur-Rhône formed by 13 "communes", including Tournon-sur-Rhône, with 20,885 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Arche Agglo", officially named as "Communauté d'agglomération Hermitage-Tournonais-Herbasse-Pays de Saint Félicien".

Tournon-sur-Rhône is twinned with:



Battle of Marion

The Battle of Marion (December 17–December 18, 1864) was a military engagement in the American Civil War that occurred when Major General George Stoneman, commander of the Union Army in Kentucky and Tennessee, raided Southwestern Virginia. General Stoneman's plan was to destroy anything that might benefit the Southern war effort and was approved by his commanding officers on December 6, 1864.

The Confederates managed to hold the key positions on the battlefield against numerous Union charges. Eventually, the Confederates ran short of ammunition and were forced to withdraw. The total casualties for this battle were 274, relatively low for a battle during the Civil War.

After the battle, the Union expedition set out to destroy the salt mines, lead works, and anything else in the area that could be of benefit to the Confederates.

The town of Marion is in southwest Virginia on the Middle Fork of the Holston River in Smyth County, Virginia. It was about half way between the salt works at Saltville and the lead mines near Wytheville. Since it is near the Mason–Dixon line, many of the town's families were divided and fought on opposing sides. Until the winter of 1864, the town of Marion had been protected from fighting by the mountains and geographic location.

Major General George Stoneman, commander of the Union Army in Kentucky and Tennessee, proposed another expedition into southwest Virginia to destroy all facilities and supplies of benefit to the Confederate war effort. This gained the approval of Major General John Schofield on December 6, 1864.

Stoneman would use troops under General Alvan Gillem and those commanded by General Stephen Burbridge—including the 5th and the 6th U.S. Colored Cavalry who had participated in the failed previous attempt to destroy the salt works at the first Battle of Saltville. Stoneman ordered Burbridge to bring his army of 4,200 men through the Cumberland Gap to join Stoneman and General Gillem at Knoxville, Tennessee where Gillem was refitting his own command into a picked force of 1,500 men. Stoneman did not reveal the objectives of the expedition to his subordinates until three days after it had departed Knoxville on December 10. On December 12, Stoneman's force flanked and forced back Confederate General Basil Duke's cavalry at Rogersville, Tennessee. The Federals defeated and scattered the Confederates the next day at Kingsport, Tennessee. There General Gillem captured 84 prisoners, including Col. Richard C. Morgan and the brigade's supply train.

On the 14th, the Union army began to push Duke's cavalry back toward Abingdon, Virginia. The next day, Stoneman and his cavalry went into camp at Glade Spring, Virginia, which was about west of Marion. On December 16, Stoneman's cavalry rode toward Marion, destroying infrastructure and public buildings along their path.

The opposing force of General Stoneman was the army of Major General John C. Breckinridge, who was the commander of the Department of Southwest Virginia. Breckinridge's command consisted of approximately 1,000 regular troops with another 500 militia reserves. Most of the army had been transferred to the Army of Northern Virginia to help in the defense of Richmond.

Breckinridge's army consisted of Colonel Henry Giltner's brigade, (which was formed from the soldiers of the 4th Kentucky Cavalry and the 10th Kentucky Cavalry); the 10th Kentucky Mounted Rifles (later renamed to the 13th Kentucky Cavalry), and the 64th Virginia Mounted Infantry. Breckinridge's army also included General Basil Duke's cavalry, General George Cosby's cavalry and Colonel Vincent Witcher and his 34th Battalion of Virginia Cavalry.

On the night of December 16, General Breckinridge and his troops moved out of Saltville, Virginia in an effort to stop Stoneman. Taking the regular troops with him, Breckinridge left Colonel Robert Preston in charge of the 500 militia men to defend the salt works. General Breckinridge sent Witcher and his men of the 34th on ahead of his main force and ordered them to harass the Union army.

At about 3 a.m. (Local Time), Breckinridge and his small army began to travel across Walkers Mountain. In the last few days before the march, 4 of rain fell, making travel difficult across the muddy roads. At 4:00 a.m. (Local Time), they reached the main road near Seven Mile Ford, Virginia where Breckinridge waited for daylight before continuing.

Around noon of December 17, 1864, Breckinridge's men mounted their horses rode toward Marion. Meanwhile, General Stoneman sent some of his Tennessee regiments to Wytheville, Virginia to destroy anything that looked valuable. Stoneman also sent two regiments of cavalry to destroy the lead mines and smelting facilities that were about ten miles (16 km) from Wytheville.

Stoneman and Burbridge continued on toward Marion where they encountered Witcher and his men. Burbridge's front regiment easily pushed back Witcher's small regiment, who stopped just so they could fire a volley into the Union cavalry. They then continued to retreat toward Marion. Witcher sent a courier to inform Breckinridge that they were coming to join them at Marion.

General Breckinridge's front regiment was the 10th Kentucky Mounted Rifles, under the command of Colonel Benjamin Caudill. Caudill's men dismounted and fired into the Union cavalry, causing several casualties. As the rest of Breckinridge's troops began to arrive on the scene, General Stoneman's men secured the high hill overlooking the river. Breckinridge observed that these hills were the best defensive positions in the area; following which he ordered the men of the 10th Kentucky Mounted Rifles to charge up the hill and drive out the Union army. The rest of Giltner's Brigade also joined in the charge, routing the Union soldiers. The result of the charge ended in Confederate favor, and the Confederates gained control of the hill.

Burbridge then began to form his men up in columns to counterattack the Rebel defenses. As soon as the men were in position, he ordered all columns to charge in unison. After the signal, the Union Army surged forward. The first Confederate volley of shots depleted the Union forces considerably. Even after the volley, the Rebel forces were still vastly outnumbered. Confederate Artillery commander Major Richard Page and his battery of four 10-pounder Parrott rifles began to fire, attempting to slow the charge. The overwhelming fire forced the Union soldiers to fall back with many casualties.

The Union officers then reorganized their men and with a yell of their own, charged again. Like the previous charge, this charge also was repelled. One more charge occurred that day. Courageously, the men formed and prepared to face the withering fire that they knew would come from the breast works in their front. For the final time that day, the Union army charged into Confederate fire with the same results as the previous charges. The Rebels had held on to their position during the first day of battle.

Breckinridge ordered his men to move forward and build new breastworks. These new defensive positions placed the two armies less than one hundred fifty yards apart. During the night, one Union officer was ordered to take positions at the covered bridge near the river. He and 75 men took up positions in and around the covered bridge. This was the only advance of that night by the Union army.

The Union army that was positioned at the covered bridge fired the first few volleys at the rebels to harass their front positions. General Burbridge attacked just as the fog lifted. To entertain themselves, soldiers from both armies began to hurl insults across the fields between them. About midmorning Burbridge decided that the light rain probably would not stop falling any time soon and had his officers prepare to commence the battle.

Both armies yet again raised their battle cries. Columns of Union men charged across the fields into the same fire they had received the day before. A combination of the colored and the white troops managed to push the 4th Kentucky Infantry and General Cosby's positions back. Cosby rallied his men and counterattacked, retaking their breastworks. The Union soldiers that had taken positions at the covered bridge the night before began to take pressure from the 4th Kentucky in their front. They realized their location was not safe one and some began to try to run back to the Union lines. As these men would attempt to retreat from their positions at the bridge, the rebels of the would pick most of them off. The remaining Union soldiers at the bridge decided to wait out the battle. Later in the day General Burbridge ordered one of his regiments to charge across the bridge on horseback to relieve the pressure on the trapped men. The regiment solely received a few casualties and then retreated.

On the far right, General Duke was being pressed hard by the heavy columns of attacking soldiers. Seeing this, Colonel Giltner sent his regiment to reinforce Duke. Before the 2nd arrived, Duke and his men counterattacked the Union line and routed it. Duke and Witcher then combined forces and charged the Union's extreme left flank. This Union colored regiment was also completely routed.

Burbridge and his men then went into a disorderly retreat. The confederate rail breastworks had held, but the holding of the line had resulted in the use of a huge amount of ammunition. Each Rebel defender had shot at least seventy-five rounds, and some having fired as many as a hundred shots. The Union army then ordered another charge with a large cavalry regiment that reinforced the Union infantry. The unexpected fighting capabilities of the small Confederate army had temporarily created a reprieve for the salt works.

Breckinridge ordered his field officers to make an inspection of the troops and to report back with the condition of his army. The number of men wounded and killed had depleted his army to the point that he could judged that he could no longer hold back the Union army at the front lines. Ammunition in the camp was also running low; each man had no more than ten cartridges apiece. With their supplies destroyed by Stoneman's army at the towns of Wytheville and Abingdon, there was little hope of being resupplied or reinforced in time.

Breckinridge then ordered his men to retreat from the battlefield. Though the men faced miserable conditions, they were confident they could hold the field the next day. Angrily they obeyed orders and silently began to move out with Colonel Ben Caudill and his Mounted Rifles leading the way.

The battle at Marion was a Union victory. The vastly outnumbered Rebels had inflicted moderate casualties and slowed the advance on Saltville, but were unable to stop it. Finding their own path to Saltville's defenses blocked, Breckinridge and his men retreated further south, while the Union raiders advanced. Saltville would fall to a night attack on December 20 - December 21 and the salt works would be destroyed by the Union army.

The damage to the leadmines near Wytheville would keep them out of production for three months, and then only partial production would be possible. Salt production would not be resumed for over a month. All railroad locomotives, cars, depots and bridges in the vicinity had been destroyed by the raid. General Stoneman claimed to have captured 34 officers and 845 enlisted men during the raid.


F.C. Angusht Nazran

FC Angusht Nazran are a Russian football club from Nazran. In 2006 the club played in the Russian First Division, the second level of Russian professional football.

The club was founded in 1993 as "Ingushetia Nazran" and entered the Russian Third League in 1994. In 1995 the club was renamed Angusht and finished second in their zone, securing promotion to the Second League. Angusht finished second in 1998 and third in 2000, and in 1995 they managed to win their Second Division zone to get another promotion. The club spent the 2006 season in the First Division, finishing last between 22 teams. After the season Angusht went bankrupt, were renamed FC Nazran and joined the Amateur Football League.


Union Army

The Union Army was the name of the army that fought for the Union during the American Civil War. It was also known as the Federal Army, the U.S. Army, the Northern Army, or the National Army. 

It consisted of the small United States Army (the regular army), increased by many regiments supplied by the Northern states militias. Most soldiers were volunteers but some were drafted.

The Union Army fought and defeated the Confederate States Army during the war, from 1861 to 1865. Of the 2.5 million men who served in the Union Army during the war, about 9.5% were African American, about 360,000 died from being hurt in battle, disease, and 280,000 were wounded.

Confederate States Army

The Confederate States Army (CSA) was organized in February 1861 to fight for the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War. Somewhere between 750,000 and 1.2 million soldiers served the Confederacy in one form or another. The exact numbers are not known because of incomplete and destroyed records. Although it won many battles the Confederate Army lost the war. It could not overcome the Union army's larger numbers and better resources. On April 9, 1865, General Robert E. Lee surrendered what was left of the Army of Northern Virginia to General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Court House, Virginia. While his army was only a part of the total Confederate army, his surrender marked the end of the Confederacy. On June 23, 1865, Georgia's Stand Watie became the last Confederate general to surrender.

Much of the design of the Confederate States Army was based on the structure and customs of the U.S. Army. Both armies were mainly infantry, cavalry and artillery units. While the structure of the two armies was very similar, the number of men in each unit could be different. Many Confederate officers were graduates of West Point just like Union officers. Regiments were usually numbered and named for the state where they were first organized and where most of the soldiers came from. Brigades were usually named after their commanders (past or present). For example, the Stonewall Brigade was named for its commanding general, Stonewall Jackson.

The Confederate Army had three parts; the Army of the Confederate States of America (ACSA, smallest but intended to be the permanent, regular army), the Provisional Army of the Confederate States (PACS, or "volunteer" Army, to be disbanded after the war), and the various Southern state militias. The Confederate Constitution called for the President, Jefferson Davis to be Commander-in-Chief of the army and navy. It did not call for a commanding general of the army but several generals were advisors to President Davis.

The Confederate States Army included the following armies:


Before the Civil War, many Confederate officers were in the United States Army. When war started, 313 army officers resigned and became officers in the Confederate army. Robert E. Lee was one of those who found it difficult to leave. Abraham Lincoln had offered to make him commander-in-chief of the Union Army. But he could not fight against his native Virginia. He became commander of the Virginia militia and when Virginia Seceded, a General of the Confederacy. 

Many militias elected their officers including field officers. When these units joined the Confederate army, their officers were commissioned. There were also a number of professional officers who came from Germany or Britain (just as there were in the Union army). But at the start of the war, few Southern officers had any real experience. Wealthy planters who owned 20 or more slaves were not required to serve in the army and many stayed home during the war. Some served in the Enlisted rank but many thought it was unfair to serve under officers so poor they could not afford a single slave. Many Confederate officers kept a slave as a personal servant throughout the war.

Confederate officers often did not maintain discipline among their men. Many of their soldiers were illiterate and some did not know which was their left foot and which was their right. At the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863, even Lee complained about the lack of discipline in his army. Visiting foreign officials were shocked at lack of discipline and were amazed they could fight.

Almost all Confederate soldiers where white

The average Confederate soldier was in his early 20s. He was usually gaunt, unkempt and beards were common. It often did not fit, especially if taken off a dead soldier. Most wore a white shirt under their wool jacket. Replacement uniforms were hard to get. They would often stain homespun (clothing made at home) with a dye made from walnuts. This gave their uniforms a yellowish-brown appearance they called "butternut". Many did not have shoes or shoes that fit. Those who did nailed horseshoes to the bottom to keep them from wearing through the sole. At first he carried a musket or flintlock rifle. Later in the war many carried the better Enfield rifles taken from dead Union soldiers. Any boots, uniforms or supplies Union soldiers left behind or were captured were used by the Confederate soldiers. In camp, most of the tents were marked "U.S." Most of the Southern Artillery was also captured Union cannons.

Stand Watie

Stand Watie (December 12, 1806 – September 9, 1871) was a leader of the Cherokee Nation and a brigadier general of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He commanded the Native American cavalry made up mostly of Cherokee, Creek and Seminole people. He was also known as Degataga, meaning to "stand firm" and Isaac S. Watie.

Stand Watie was born in Georgia. He helped his brother run a newspaper. Watie helped lead the Cherokees from Georgia to Oklahoma in 1835.

When the American Civil War started in 1861, Watie started a cavalry regiment. He led the regiment in several battles with the Union Army. In 1862, he was elected as a chief of the Cherokees. Watie surrendered to the Union army in 1865.

Watie died in 1871.


George Stoneman

George Stoneman, Jr. (August 22, 1822 – September 5, 1894) was a career U.S. Army officer, a Union cavalry general in the American Civil War, and the Governor of California between 1883 and 1887.

Cornas

Cornas is a French "commune" that can be found in the département of Ardèche in the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. The name is Celtic for "burnt land." It has a population of 2,082 people.


Coux

Coux can be any of the following communes of France:


Military history

Military history is the history of what happened in the history of humanity that are considered to be conflicts. This could mean anything as small as a fight between two tribes or a conflict as large as a world war. Military historians record military history.


Coux, Ardèche

Coux is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the south-east of France. The commune has a population of 1,466 people as of the year 1999.


Cruas

Cruas is a village and commune that can be found by the Rhône River in the Ardèche "département" of France. The commune has a population of 2,405 people as of the year 1999.



Davézieux

Davézieux is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France. The commune has a population of 2,629 people as of the year 1999.


Félines

Félines can be the names of any of the following communes of France:


Félines, Ardèche

Félines is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the south-east of France. The commune has a population of 1,106 people as of the year 1999.


Jaujac

Jaujac is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. The commune had a population of 1,048 people as of the year 1999.


Joyeuse (disambiguation)

Joyeuse is the name of Charlemagne's sword.

Joyeuse can also be any of the following:


Joyeuse, Ardèche

Joyeuse ()is a "commune" in the French department of Ardèche in the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. It is the seat of the canton of Joyeuse. Joyeuse has a population of 1,487 people as of the year 1999.

Joyeuse can be found in the region of Bas-Vivarais that has a lot of history. It can be found in the valley of the Beaume, which is a tributary of the Ardèche River.


Joyeuse is twinned with Jupille and Vilassar de Dalt.



Labégude

Labégude is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. The commune had a population of 1,337 people as of the year 1999.


Lachapelle-sous-Aubenas


Chauvet Cave

The Chauvet Cave or Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave is near Vallon-Pont-d'Arc, in the Ardèche département, in southern France. It became famous in 1994 when Paleolithic artwork was found on the walls. There were remains of many animals, some which are now extinct. Also some footprints of animals and humans were found. The cave is one of the most significant prehistoric art sites, like Lascaux, Altamira, and Cosquer.

The gorges of the Ardèche region have many caves. Many have geological or archaeological importance. The Chauvet Cave is unusually large. Its artwork is well preserved and of good quality. It was occupied by humans at two different times: the "Aurignacian" and the "Gravettian". Most of the artwork dates to the earlier Aurignacian era (30,000 to 32,000 years ago).
The only traces left of the later occupation during the Gravettian include a child's footprints, the charred remains of ancient hearths and carbon smoke stains from torches that lit the caves. It seems nobody had been in it after the child, until it was discovered in 1994. The footprints are some of the oldest human footprints in existence: they are between 20,000 and 30,000 years old.

The floor of the cave is of a soft material, almost like clay. There are paw prints of cave bears. There are also large rounded depressions in the floor. These are believed to be the "nests" where the bears slept. There are many fossilized bones, including the skulls of cave bears and the horned skull of an ibex.

There are hundreds of animal paintings there. At least 13 different species, including those which have rarely or never been found in other ice age paintings are represented. In addition to commonly hunted animals: horses, cattle, reindeer, etc.. The walls of the Chauvet Cave are covered with predatory animals: lions, panthers, bears, owls, rhinos and hyenas. Typical of most cave art, there are no paintings of complete human figures, although there is one possible, partial "Venus" figure that may represent the legs and genitals of a woman. A peculiar figure appears to have the lower body of a woman with the upper body of a bison. There are a few panels of red ochre hand prints and hand stencils made by spitting pigment over hands pressed against the cave surface. Abstract markings—lines and dots—are throughout the cave. There are also two unidentifiable images that have a vaguely butterfly shape to them. This combination of subjects has led experts in pre-historic art and cultures to believe that there was likely a ritualistic, shamanistic, or magical aspect to these paintings.

The artists who produced these unique paintings used techniques not often observed in other cave art. Many of the paintings appear to have been made only after the walls were scraped clear of debris and concretions. This left a smoother and noticeably lighter area upon which the artists worked. Similarly, a three dimensional quality is achieved by incising or etching about the outlines of certain figures. This visually emphasizes some of the animals and allows torch light to cast shadows about the edges.

The cave contains the oldest known cave paintings, based on radiocarbon dating of "black from drawings, from torch marks and from the floors." Clottes concludes that the "dates fall into two groups, one around 27,000-26,000 BP and the other around 32,000-30,000 BP." As of 1999, the dates of 31 samples from the cave had been reported, with the earliest being 32,900±490 BP.

However, some archaeologists have questioned these dates.

The cave was named after Jean-Marie Chauvet, who discovered it on 18 December 1994, together with Christian Hillaire and Eliette Brunel-Deschamps. The researchers found that the cave had been untouched for 20,000-30,000 years.



Druid

A Druid was a member of the priestly and learned class in the pre-Christian, ancient Celtic societies. These societies existed through much of Western Europe, until the Roman government took over and, later, Christianity arrived. Druids were part of the cultures of the tribal peoples who were called "Keltoi" ("Κέλτοι") or "Keltai" ("Κέλται") and "Galatai" ("Γαλάται") by the Greeks and "Celtae" and "Galli" by the Romans. In the communities they served, druids combined the duties of priest, arbitrator, healer, scholar, and magistrate. Both men and women served as druids, although there is no early proof for female druids, or druidesses.

From what little we know of late druidic practices, it appears deeply traditional and conservative, in the sense that druids were conserving the old culture and lore for their communities. It is impossible now to judge whether this continuity had deep historical roots and originated in the social transformations of the late La Tène culture, or whether there had been a discontinuity and then a religious innovation.

Greek and Roman writers on the Celts commonly made at least passing reference to druids, though before Julius Caesar's report merely as "barbarian philosophers"; They were not concerned with ethnology or comparative religion and consequently our historical knowledge of druids is very limited. Druidic lore consisted of a large number of verses learned by heart, and Caesar remarked that twenty years were required to complete the course of study.

Druidic culture are believed to be practicers of rituals and such magic, Druids were believed to be a neutral people they were known as Druid(ae) similar to priests and scholars believed to have studied rituals of Human sacrifice and Familiars (Known currently as a form of a pet from a practicer; Witch, Druidae, Warlock). The Druidic culture was believed to have some form of religious complication.
Druids are known to have practiced such as reincarnation as animals of worship (Bird, Lion, Tiger, Cat, Monkey), but such cannot be proved as what we know so far.
They were said to have lived in Roman times in Great Britain and Ireland it is said that they have some form of connection to Stonehenge and other monuments.

Lavilledieu

Lavilledieu is a "commune" in the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France. The commune has a population of about 1,400 people as of the year 1999.



Druid (disambiguation)

Druid could mean:

Saint-Péray

Saint-Péray is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part France. The commune has a population of about 6,500 people as of the year 1999.


La Voulte-sur-Rhône


Viviers

Viviers can be any one of the following communes in France:


Viviers, Ardèche

Viviers is a commune in the French "département" of Ardèche. The commune has a population of about 3,400 people as of the year 1999.

Viviers became the capital of the Gaulish Helvii tribe following the falling of nearby Alba-la-Romaine.



Druidism

Druidism or Druidry (referred to as Neodruidry or Neodruidism by some followers) is a Celtic form of modern spirituality that generally promotes harmony with nature, often through the form of nature worship. It is considered to be a Neopagan faith.

Originally inspired by 17th, 18th and 19th century romantic movements, early neo-druidism was based upon largely historically incorrect depictions of the Iron Age Celtic druids, and has no direct relation to the ancient Celts or their culture.
Neo-druidic beliefs vary wildly, and there is no set dogma or belief system by which all adherents follow. Main beliefs include the Earth and nature are sacred, and is worthy of worship itself. For this reason many druids are pantheistic, animistic, or polytheistic.



Shutter (2008 movie)

Shutter is a 2008 American mystery horror thriller movie released on March 21, 2008. It is about a newly married couple finding disturbing, ghostly images in photographs they develop after a tragic accident. Fearing the manifestations may be connected, they investigate and learn that some mysteries are better left unsolved.


Rajput

Rajput is a community of India which are descendants of many rajput rulers or kings. Rajput are upper cast community , Rajput are also known as kshatriya.

The origin of Rajputs is the subject of debate. According to John Keay, not until the Mughal period, which began in 1526 AD, did the word "Rajput" come to be used of a particular class or tribe.

Other writers, such as M. S. Naravane and V. P. Malik, believe that the term was not used to designate a particular tribe or social group until the 6th century AD, as there is no mention of the term in the historical record as pertaining to a social group prior to that time.

One theory espouses that with the collapse of the Gupta Empire from the late 6th century, the invading Hephthalites (White Huns) were probably integrated within the Indian society. Leaders and nobles from among the invaders were assimilated into the Kshatriya ritual rank in the Hindu varna system, while others who followed and supported them — such as the Ahirs, Gurjars and Jats - were ranked as Shudra. At the same time, some indigenous tribes were ranked as being of the "rajput" Kshatriya status, examples of which are the Bundela, Chandelas and Rathors. The Encyclopaedia Britannica notes that Rajputs actually vary greatly in status, from princely lineages, such as the Guhilot and Kachwaha, to simple cultivators.

According to V.A. Smith, Rajput is a mixed race. Rajputs have descended from the foreign invaders like Sakas, Kushans and Hunas. V.A. Smith states that Rajputs were born of various races and castes.

According to Harbans Singh Bhatia, It would appear that Brahmans, Bhars, Ahirs, Jats, Gujars, and Huns have all contributed to the Rajput clans.

Ananya Vajpeyi discusses the Rajputs in the context of Hindu Sanskrit Dharmashastra texts and shows the dissonance between the meaning of Rajput in the practical political arena versus the literal meaning of "rajaputa" in Hindu religious texts and how both meanings could coexist. 
"Vishvambhara Shastra" states that: "An Ugra (Śūdra mother, Kshatriya father) makes a living by the arts of war. 
Skilled with the sword and bow, he is expert in combat. He stands apart among men as the mighty "Rajput"".
Similar view is held by the "Jatinirnayaprakaranama" of "Sudrakamalakara", an early 1600s Dharmaśāstra text written by Kamalakarabhatta 
(uncle of the notable Brahmin scholar Gaga Bhatt) for a "rajaputa". Vajpeyi clarifies that although "ugra" literally means scary or fierce, in this context the medieval writers only used this term in the context of his qualities as a warrior. 
Seshasakrishna's "Sudracarasiromani", a text that predates "Sudrakamalakara" also supports this definition for a "rajaputa".
Vajpeyi notes that Kamalakarabhatta makes a professional and religious distinction: a "rajaputa" may fight, however, he has to follow the duties similar to sudras or "sudrasamana". She says "Ugra" or "rajaputa" is listed as one of the six types of a "sankarajati"(mixed caste) given in the text, whose father's varna is higher than that of the mother, and are thus an "anulomajas" or "one born in accordance with the natural flow". There are five other types of "anulomajas" unions given by Kamalakarabhatta. Thus, as per the medieval Brahminical Dharmashastras, Rajputs are a mixed "jati". In the practical political context, 
the word meaning edges towards Kshatriya although in Hindu religious texts "rajaputa" is closer to Shudra.
Some emigrant Brahmins may have been involved in Rajputising tribes to the Rajput status. Despite this, Vajpayi states that, periodically, Brahmins have characterized Rajput as self-seekers, and stated that they are not real Kshatriyas. Other than establishing marital ties with already established Rajput families, constructing false genealogies and adopting titles such as "rana", Rajputising also involved starting the pretensions of rituals of twice-borns ( wearing sacred thread etc). However, one ritual that was not given much significance was the Abhisheka. When a clan leader was made king by the Mughal emperor, the Tika mark on the head of leader by the Muslim emperor confirmed his Royal status and the Hindu ritual of Abhisheka was only of secondary importance. Aurangzeb eventually stopped the custom of "Tika" and the custom was replaced by bowing or "taslim" to the Mughal emperor, who would return the salute. According to Vajpayi, this possibly implies that it was still up to the Mughal emperor to ultimately give or deny the Rajput status to the clan leader.
The description of Rajputs in the Hindu Dharmashastras, self image that the Rajputs presented, and the Mughal view of the Rajputs was disparate. This incongruity, according to Vajpayi makes the Rajput identity Polyphonous.

Origin of Rajputs

Metcard

A Metcard is a type of ticket used to use public transport in Melbourne, Australia. It allows the holder to use Trains, Trams and Buses, in two zones (Zone 1 and Zone 2). Zone 1 covers areas close to the CBD, and Zone 2 covers the rest of the city. There used to be a Zone 3 , but that has been merged with Zone 2. The ticket is about the size of a credit card, and contains a magnitic strip that tells a computer what type of ticket it is.

Metcard replaced a identical yet simpler system of scratchies used on the Melbourne public transport network. Scratchies were easy to cheat and the system was eventually abandoned in 2002, but not before tickets for many years of use were printed.

Moves towards automated ticketing were first made by the then state Liberal Government in 1992. Tenders were called for the design, supply, installation and on-going maintenance of such a system, with the 'OneLink Transit Consortium' announced as the preferred people to do it in September 1993. The contract was signed in May 1994, with the major technology supplier being the ERG Group.

Testing of prototypes commenced in December 1993, and the roll-out of the system was carried out from August 1996 to April 1998, and acceptance occurred in November 1997. Public field trials were carried out on buses from August 20 1996, and on rail services from September 18 1996. The system commenced full revenue service from May 1998 at a cost of $330 million. Contractual issues between OneLink and the Victorian Government were not settled until May 2002 with the payment of up to $65 million in a staged settlement.

Controversy surrounded Metcard at its introduction, due to it costing to much, the abolition of tram conductors and the unreliability of ticket purchasing and validation machines. The machines were attacked by vandals frequently (often by pouring liquids into the coin slot), and have seen several revisions to their design since.

Consistent with the privatisation ethos of the government of the day, Metcard's operation was entirely outsourced, with the transport operators (at that time government-owned) having nothing to do with the system. Metcard even had its own website and branding which became stronger than the anonymous and constantly renaming government then privatised operators.

An study released by the State Government in 2001 showed over 1 in 4 (27.2%) of the machines at train stations did not work, and 11.9% of mobile equipment in buses and trams was non-operational. The State Government renegotiated with ticketing network contract operator "OneLink Transit Systems" to improve the service to commuters. Following these improvements, a 2002 audit showed an increase in availability of machines to 92.1% at train stations, and 98.3% on buses and trams. Usability was also improved, with tram machines able to sell daily tickets. Furthermore, vandalism across the network dropped by 62% between 2001 and 2002.

V/Line tickets were aligned with the Metcard system in April 2006, with each V/Line ticket to stations in the Metcard area having the relevant zones printed on them. In March 2007 the Nightrider bus service was also brought under the Metcard system. Zone 3 was removed from the Metcard system (and merged into zone 2) on March 4 2007, due to a State Election promise made by Opposition Leader Ted Ballieu and matched by then Premier Steve Bracks.

The original Metcard contract with OneLink was to last nine years, expiring in March 2007. In 2005 the contract was changed to permit the system to be extended and changed as work on the replacement myki project keeps going, with the contract being able to be cancelled on six months notice.

Most Metcards can be purchased in Zone 1; Zone 2 and Zone 1 + Zone 2 types, with them being valid within their respective zones. All Metcards, except for the City Saver Metcard, are valid for muplitle trips on Trains, Trams and Buses.


Piety

Piety (from the Latin word pietas, meaning "devout" or "good") is generally used to refer either to Religious devotion or to spirituality. A common element in most ideas of piety is humility, or a lack of pride. It can also refer to a way to win the favor or forgiveness of God in Christianity.

Anne of Green Gables

Anne of Green Gables is a book by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery. It was published in 1908. It was written as fiction for readers of all ages. Since the middle 20th century it has been classified as a children's book. Montgomery wrote the book after seeing a newspaper article about a couple that were mistakenly sent an orphan girl instead of a boy, yet decided to keep her.

The book takes place on Prince Edward Island, Canada, where the author grew up.

Montgomery continued the story of Anne Shirley in a series of sequels. They are listed in the order of Anne's age in each of the novels.


Secondary sex characteristic

Secondary sex characteristics are features which make it possible to tell the sexes of a species apart. They are not directly linked to reproduction. 

Male birds usually have much more colourful feathers (plumage). Females are usually better able to hide, and their plumage is camouflaged. This makes sense, because the female birds carry the "precious package".

Well-known secondary sex characteristics in humans are for men: low voice tone, facial hair (mustache and beard) and more muscular build, shoulders wider, bones heavier, hands and feet bigger, height taller. In women, those characteristics usually cited are more prominent breasts, lips, eyes, long/fast growing hair, no facial hair, height shorter, wider hips, more fat, and a higher voice tone. Average length of the tongue is greater in females, sometimes quite noticeably. It is reasonable to think this is also a secondary sexual character.

Faces, generally, make a big impact. It is the part other people interact with when meeting each other.

Some features are based on necessity. The wider hips of women are needed to give birth. Babies are born through the space between the three bones of a woman's pelvis. So is doubtful to call this a "secondary" characteristic, except so far as the width helps attract mates. Breasts are also essential, but in humans they are much larger in proportion to other mammals, and they do serve to attract males.

Charles Darwin thought that sexual selection, or competition within a species for mates explains many of the differences between sexes. Behaviour, such as male-to-male combat and female choice of males is a kind of secondary sex characteristic. Many 'ornaments' such brighter plumage, colouration, and other features have no immediate function except to improve the male's chances of being selected by females for breeding. Weapons such as antlers may serve both as defence against predators, and as status symbols advertising health and fitness.


Poltergeist

A (from German ""poltern"", which means ""rumble"" or ""make noise"", and ""geist"", which means ""ghost"", ""spirit"" or ""embodiment"") is a spirit or ghost that is able to move and influence objects. Poltergeists are said to be invisible.

Poltergeists are said to bother only one person at a time. This person is called their "focus". Poltergeists will bother only their focus. They are said to only last a few weeks, then will move on to another target. Often poltergeists are reported around children and adolescents. Some scientists think that poltergeists only exist in a person's head as a result of psychokinesis. They think that the "poltergeist effect" is a result of mental trauma.

There is a 1982 movie called "Poltergeist".

In "Harry Potter" there is a poltergeist named Peeves. However, Peeves is not a classic poltergeist. He can be seen and does not focus on bothering just one person.


Mercy

Mercy can refer to a compassionate behavior by those in power (for example, "mercy" shown by a judge toward a criminal by not punishing him (or her) as much as he (or she) might be punished). It may also mean compassionate action by a third party (e.g. a trip out of "mercy" trying to treat sick children in Africa). The word is very common in several religions (for example, the mercy of God).



Tatnet

Tatnet (short for "Tatar Internet") is the name Tatar-speaking Internet users commonly use for the "segment of the Internet" about the Tatar people or Tatarstan. It includes webpages and websites in many languages.

The first e-mail message in Tatar was probably sent and received in 1991 when employees of the Tatar-Bashkir Service of Radio Liberty/Radio Free Europe Inc. started using the Internet and electronic communication on a regular basis. In 1994, a Tatar-language mailing list (TMG, standing for Tatar Mailing Group) was established and this year is commonly regarded as the birthyear of the Tatar Internet. Since approximately 2000, Tatnet has been developing explosively, with many web pages and web sites added to it annually. The existence of Tatnet continues to contribute tremendously to the cohesion and consolidation of the Tatar people, a significant achievement because Tatars are despersed all over the world and a substantial majority of Tatars live outside their ethnic homeland, Tatarstan. Tatar Internet users employ Latin and Cyrillic scripts with the former gradually becoming more dominant.

Tatarstan

Tatarstan is an autonomous republic within Russia. The republic is about 800 kilometers (497 miles) east of Moscow. It is between the Volga River and the Kama River (a tributary of the Volga), and extends east to the Ural Mountains. Most of the people are Tatars,

Its capital is Kazan.

Islam is the faith that most people in Tatarstan follow.

The republic is in the center of the East European Plain.

Major rivers include (Tatar names are given in parentheses):
Major reservoirs of the republic include (Tatar names are given in parentheses):

The biggest lake is Qaban. The biggest swamp is Kulyagash.


Major natural resources of Tatarstan include oil, natural gas, gypsum, and more. It is estimated that the Republic has over one billion tons of oil deposits.

Charles Chesnutt

Charles Waddell Chesnutt (June 20, 1858 – November 15, 1932) was an African-American writer. He wrote several books like "The Marrow of Tradition" and "The House Behind the Cedars" as well as for a short story about a haunted yard called "The Goophered Grapevine".


Kansas City Royals

The Kansas City Royals are a Major League Baseball team based in Kansas City, Missouri. They began play in 1969. The Royals won a World Series title in 1985. From 1973 to the present, the Royals have played in Kauffman Stadium. They are owned by David Glass, managed by Ned Yost, and their General Manager is Dayton Moore.

The old minor league baseball team in Kansas City had been called the Blues. There was also a famous Negro league baseball team called the Kansas City Monarchs. The Royals name and their team color blue are at least partly in honor of those older teams. The Kansas City Royals first played in the World Series where they lost to the Philadelphia Phillies. In 1985, they won their first championship, beating the St. Louis Cardinals in seven. The Royals returned to the World Series in 2014 but lost to the San Francisco Giants. However, they defeated the New York Mets 4 games to 1 in 2015 to win their second championship.


Edwidge Danticat

Edwidge Danticat (born January 19, 1969) is a Haitian born American writer. Her books include "Krik? Krak!" and "Breath, Eyes, Memory", which was chosen for the Oprah Book Club in 1998.

Detroit Pistons

The Detroit Pistons are an American professional basketball team of the National Basketball Association (NBA). While billed as a Detroit team, its home arena has been The Palace of Auburn Hills, located in the northern suburb of Auburn Hills, Michigan, from 1988 from 2018. The Pistons will move to the city of Detroit for the 2017–18 season, sharing the new Little Caesars Arena with the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL. In 1948, the team was in Fort Wayne, Indiana, but that was before moving to Detroit in 1957. The team has won three NBA championships in 1989, 1990, and 2004. Their head coach is Monty Williams, they are owned by Tom Gores and their general manager is Troy Weaver.

History of the Americas

The history of the Americas is the history of North and South America, including Central America and the Caribbean. It begins with people migrating to these areas from Asia and possibly Oceania during the height of an Ice age. These groups are generally believed to have been isolated from peoples of the "Old World" until the coming of Europeans in the 10th and 15th centuries.

The ancestors of today's Native Americans were hunter-gatherers who migrated into North America. The most popular theory says that migrants came to the Americas via the Bering Land Bridge, Beringia, the land mass covered by the cold ocean waters in the Bering Strait. Small Paleo-Indian groups probably followed the mammoth and other prey animals. It is possible that groups of people may also have traveled into North America on shelf or sheet ice along the northern Pacific coast.

Cultural traits brought by the first immigrants later evolved and spawned such cultures as Iroquois on North America and Quechuas of South America. These cultures later developed into civilizations. In many cases, these cultures expanded at a later date than their Old World counterparts. Cultures that may be considered advanced or civilized include: Zapotec, Toltecs, Olmec, Maya, Aztecs, and the Inca.

The Puebloan peoples of what is now the Southwestern United States and northern Mexico, living conditions were that of large stone apartment like adobe structures. They live in Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, Colorado, and possibly surrounding areas.

Chichimeca was the name that the Mexica (Aztecs) applied to a wide range of semi-nomadic peoples who inhabited the north of modern-day Mexico, and had the same sense as the European term "barbarian". The name was adopted with a negative tone by the Spaniards when they spoke of the semi-nomadic hunter-gatherer peoples of northern Mexico.

The Zapotec emerged around 1500 years BCE. Their writing system influenced the later Olmec. They left behind the great city Monte Alban.

The Olmec civilization emerged around 1200 BCE in Mesoamerica and ended around 400 BCE. Olmec art and concepts influenced surrounding cultures after their downfall. This civilization was thought to be the first in America to develop a writing system. After the Olmecs abandoned their cities for unknown reasons, the Maya, Zapotec and Teotihuacan arose.

Maya history spans 3,000 years. The Maya may have collapsed due to changing climate in the end of the 10th century.

The Toltec were a nomadic people, dating from the 10th - 12th century, whose language was also spoken by the Aztecs.

Teotihuacan (4th century BCE - 7/8th century CE) was both a city, and an empire of the same name, which, at its zenith between 150 and the 5th century, covered most of Mesoamerica.

The Aztec having started to build their empire around 14th century found their civilization abruptly ended by the Spanish conquistadors. They lived in Mesoamerica, and surrounding lands. Their capital city Tenochtitlan was one of the largest cities of all time.

The oldest known civilization of the Americas was established in the Norte Chico region of modern Peru. Complex society emerged in the group of coastal valleys, between 3000 and 1800 BCE. The Quipu, a distinctive recording device among Andean civilizations, apparently dates from the era of Norte Chico.

The Chavín established a trade network and developed agriculture by as early as (or late compared to the Old World) 900 BCE according to some estimates and archaeological finds. Artifacts were found at a site called Chavín in modern Peru at an elevation of 3,177 meters. Chavín civilization spanned from 900 BCE to 300 BCE.

Holding their capital at the great city of Cusco, the Inca civilization dominated the Andes region from 1438 to 1533.
Known as "", or "the land of the four regions," in Quechua, the Inca culture was highly distinct and developed. Cities were built with precisely matched stonework, constructed over many levels of mountain terrain. Terrace farming was a useful form of agriculture. There is evidence of excellent metalwork and even successful brain surgery in Inca civilization.

The number of Native Americans is increasing now in the U.S. by actual population growth, changing enrollment laws, and from the immigration from Spanish America, especially from Mexico, though the definition being applied to them is Hispanic.

Slavery has had a significant role in the economic development the New World after the colonization of the Americas by the Europeans. Slaves helped build the roads upon which they were transported. The cotton, tobacco, and sugar cane harvested by slaves became important exports for the United States and the Caribbean countries. 


Lifeguard

A lifeguard is a person on the beach or at a public pool who shows people the correct way of using the water facility and stops accidents from happening. They are trained in rescue situations. Lifeguards are usually found at most public pools and lakes.

A Night at the Opera (Queen album)

A Night at the Opera is a Queen album from 1975. It is generally regarded as Queen's strongest and most influential album. The album is in the 2005 book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die". It was reportedly the most expensive album ever recorded at the time of it's release.


A Day at the Races (album)

A Day at the Races is the fifth studio album by Queen and was released on 10 December 1976 by EMI Records in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States. It topped the album charts in Japan, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Norway, number 4 in Canada and Finland, number 5 in the United States, number 8 in Australia, Austria and Sweden, number 10 in Germany and number 11 in New Zealand.

All lead vocals by Freddie Mercury unless noted.

News of the World (album)

News of the World is the seventh studio album from the English rock band Queen, released in 1977.


The Scream

The Scream refers to different versions of a painting made by Edvard Munch. They were painted in the early 20th century, and drawn using many types of materials. These include lithography, tempera paint, oil paint and pastel.

The first version of "The Scream" was drawn in 1893. Two pastel drawings, two paintings and also some lithographs were printed.

Jazz (album)

Jazz is a 1978 album by English rock band Queen. It was the band's seventh studio album.


The Game (album)

The Game is a rock album by English band Queen released June 30, 1980. It was the only Queen album to reach the #1 position in both the United Kingdom and the United States.


Flash Gordon (album)

Flash Gordon is a 1980 album by English rock band Queen. It is the soundtrack album to the science fiction movie "Flash Gordon".


Mark Speight

Mark Warwick Fordham Speight (6 August 1965 – 13 April 2008) was a British television presenter. He was best known for showing what was the long-running BBC children's art program "SMart". He found his fiancee, Natasha Collins, also a BBC presenter dead at their flat in London on January 2008. He was then arrested as a suspect, but was released without any charges put against him. On 13 April 2008, police found his body hanging from the roof of the MacMillan House in London.

Mettingen

Mettingen is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Mettingen is about east of Rheine and west of Osnabrück.

Villages close to Mettingen are Recke in the west, Neuenkirchen, (Lower Saxony) in the north, Ibbenbüren in the south and Westerkappeln in the east.

The founders of the textile company C&A, Clemens and August Brenninkmeyer, were born in Mettingen. Also Annika Suthe, participant of the 2004 Summer Olympics (javelin throw) was born there.

Mercuer

Mercuer is a village and commune of the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France. The commune has a population of about 1,000 people as of the year 1999.


Rochemaure

Rochemaure is a "commune" in the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France. The commune has a population of about 1,800 people as of the year 1999.


Rosières

Rosières can be any of the following places in France:


Rosières, Ardèche

Rosières is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the south-eastern part of France. The commune has a population of about 1,000 people as of the year 1999.


Ruoms

Ruoms is a "commune" of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France. The commune has a population of about 2,100 people as of the year 1999.


Ucel

Ucel is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. The commune has a population of about 1,700 people as of the year 1999.


Tokio Jokio

Tokio Jokio is a 1943 Looney Tunes propaganda short movie directed by U.S. Corporal Norman McCabe and released to movie theaters by RKO Radio Pictures. It stars Mel Blanc. The movie presents itself as a Tokyo newscast about all areas of everyday living in Japan, with the Japanese depicted as being incompetent. The film has been controversial for its racist depictions of Japanese people.


List of Solar System objects

This is a list of Solar System objects by orbit, by distance from the sun.

Most named objects in this list have a diameter of 500 km or more.



The Solar System also contains:


Daimyo

The () were powerful feudal rulers from the 10th century to the early 19th century in Japan. Each daimyo had control over a part of the country. The Shogun had power over the daimyo.

The first daimyo were called the .

The Edo period began in 1600 after the Battle of Sekigahara. The Shogun changed the power and position of the daimyo.

Sankin kotai was a system to control daimyo. The shogun made the daimyo come to Edo every other year.

Evil on Your Mind

"Evil on Your Mind" is the name of a popular country music song, originally made famous by Grand Ole Opry star, Jan Howard in 1966.

In the mid-60s, Jan Howard was not acquiring any significant hits. Only one of her songs hit the Top 20, which was in 1960 with, "The One You Slip Around With", which hit No. 13. In 1966, Howard wrote and released her first single of the year, "Evil on Your Mind". The song was written by Howard, and talked of her troubled marriage to legendary singer-songwriter, Harlan Howard. The song hit the Top 5 on the Billboard Country music charts, peaking at No. 5 there. Soon an album of the same name was released that year, featuring Howard's big hit. A follow-up single was released that titled, "Bad Seed" which hit the Top 10 that year, proving a successful follow-up for Howard. The song set the stage for a number of Top 20 and Top 10 hits Howard would have as a solo and duet artist between 1966 and 1971.

The song talks about a husband trying to convince his wife to visit her sister out west, but the narrator (the wife) notices that something is going on, which her husband is trying to hide. She believes he's thiking of having an affair, which she calls, "evil on your mind". 

The song has been mentioned the in the book, "Heartaches By the Number: The 500 Greatest Country Singles". 

A rock music group titled, The Stumbleweeds recorded Howard's "Evil on Your Mind".

Jan Howard

Jan Howard (born Lula Grace Johnson; March 13, 1929 – March 28, 2020) was an American country music singer-songwriter and Grand Ole Opry star. She was one of country music's trailblazing female vocalists during the height of her career in the mid-1960s. 

Her last name (Howard) comes from her ex-husband, legendary singer-songwriter, Harlan Howard.

Jan Howard's bigggest hit and signature song is the 1966 classic Country hit, "Evil on Your Mind", which has been featured in the book, "Heartaches By the Number: The 500 Greatest Country Music Singles". In the late 60s and early 70s, she dueted with Bill Anderson, on a number of hits that hit the Top 10, including the No. 1 hit "For Loving You".

Howard died on March 28, 2020 in Gallatin, Tennessee of pneumonia at the age of 91.

Howell County, Missouri

Howell County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. As of 2020, 39,750 people lived there. Its county seat is West Plains. Howell County was organized on March 2, 1857, from Oregon County. It was named for James Howell, who made the first settlement in Howell Valley.

Oregon County, Missouri

Oregon County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. It was organized in 1845 and named for the Oregon Territory. As of the 2020 census, 8,635 people lived there. Its county seat is Alton.

Oregon Territory

The Oregon Territory is the name that was applied first to the unorganized Oregon Country claimed by both the United States and Britain (but normally referred to as the Oregon Country). In 1846 the two countries agreed to split this territory. The organized U.S. territory formed from the southern part was also called "Oregon Territory" when it existed, between 1848 and 1859. 

The Territory of Oregon was organized on August 14, 1848, by an act of Congress out of the U.S. portion of the Oregon Country below the 49th parallel north. It originally included all of the present-day states of Idaho, Oregon and Washington, as well as Montana west of the Continental Divide, and Wyoming west of the Continental Divide and north of the 42nd parallel north—the northern border of the Mexican Cession.

The first territorial capital was in Oregon City. The capital was later moved to Salem in 1851.

In 1853, the portion of the territory north of the lower Columbia River and north of the 46th parallel east of the river was organized into the Washington Territory.

On February 14, 1859, the territory entered the Union as the U.S. state of Oregon within its current boundaries. The remaining eastern portion of the territory (the portions in present-day southern Idaho and western Wyoming) was added to the Washington Territory.

In 1861 and then 1863, portions to the east were organized into the Nebraska Territory and Idaho Territory (respectively.)

Continental divide

A continental divide is a line of raised ground that creates a border between two watersheds. Water falling on one side of the line travels to one ocean, and water on the other side travels to another, perhaps on the other side of the continent. 

Because the exact border between bodies of water is usually not very easy to see, the continental divide is not always clear. The International Hydrographic Organization's publication "Limits of Oceans and Seas" describes the exact boundaries of oceans, but it is not recognized around the world. A complication is that some rivers empty into deserts or inland seas, and so do not end up in the ocean.

Terrain

Terrain, or relief, is the third or vertical dimension of land surface (aka "up and down" dimension.) When relief is described underwater, the term bathymetry is used. Topography has recently become an additional synonym, though in many parts of the world it retains its original more general meaning of description of place.

Terrain is used as a general term in physical geography, referring to the lie of the land. This is usually expressed in terms of the elevation (height of the land,) slope (angle of the elevation,) and orientation of terrain features. Terrain affects surface water flow and distribution. Over a large area, it can affect weather and climate patterns

First Baptist Church of Hammond

The First Baptist Church of Hammond (or FBCHammond) is a fundamental Independent Baptist church in Hammond, Indiana. It is the largest church in the state of Indiana and one of the largest churches in the United States. It was founded in 1887. It was under Jack Hyles' leadership from 1959-2001 that it became a megachurch, one of the first in the United States, with a steady weekly attendance of around 20,000. It also operates Hyles-Anderson College and two K-12 schools, named "City Baptist Schools" (for children of the bus route of the church) and "Hammond Baptist Schools" (for children of the members of the church). Jack Schaap, Hyles' son-in-law, succeeded as pastor after Hyles' death for 11 years until he was fired in 2012 for having sex with a 16 year old girl.

First Baptist Church was founded in November 1887 by Allen Hill of Jennings County, Indiana. Its first meeting was on 14 November 1887 with 12 members on the 28th. However, it originally met in the Morton House Hotel which stood on what is currently the 100 block of Willow Court. Allen Hill's was their pastor for around 4 months. 

By April 1888, B.P. Hewitt became the church's permanent pastor and Allen Hill went on to start several other churches. Needing more room, Hewitt moved the church's meeting place to the Hohman Opera House at the corner of State and Hohman streets. In 1889, the church erected its own structure for $2,358 when Marcus Towle, Hammond's first mayor and a member of FBC, donated land on "Sibley Street" to the church.

On January 3, 1901, Pastor E.T. Carter proposed a new building, and the first service was held on 14 April 1901. On 27 November of that same year, Pastor Carter announced his resignation for a job at the Central Baptist Orphanage in Michigan.
Dr. Jack Schaap (born October 1, 1957), was the Pastor of the First Baptist Church of Hammond, Indiana until July of 2012. Following the death of the former pastor Dr. Jack Hyles, he became the pastor of the largest church in Indiana, and with their average weekly attendance of more than 20,000, it has become one of the largest churches in America. Schaap was fired for having a sexual relationship with a 16 year old girl. This affair happened in multiple states and is being investigated by local and national authorities.

He was also the chancellor of Hyles-Anderson College. On June 1, 1979, he married Mrs. Cindy Schaap. Dr. and Mrs. Schaap have been married for 28 years and now have two children, Jaclynn and Kenny.

Jack Frasure Hyles (September 25, 1926 – February 6, 2001) was a leading person in the Independent Baptist movement. He was pastor of the church from 1959 until his death in 2001.


Yves Chauvin

Yves Chauvin (10 October 1930 – 28 January 2015) was a French chemist, born in Menen, Belgium. He was awarded a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2005. He was the honorary research director at the "Institut français du pétrole" and a member of the French Academy of Science. Chauvin received his degree from the Lyon's School of Chemistry, Physics and Electronics in 1954.

He was awarded the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, along with Robert H. Grubbs and Richard R. Schrock, for his work from the early 1970s on olefin metathesis. Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and at first did not want to accept it . In the end, he accepted the award from the King of Sweden and gave a big speech .



Robert Grubbs

Robert Howard Grubbs (February 27, 1942 – December 19, 2021) was an American chemist. He won Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2005.

In his Nobel Prize autobiography he says, "In some places, my birthplace is listed as Calvert City, Kentucky and in others Possum Trot (both in Marshall County). I was actually born between the two, so either one really is correct." He spent his early childhood in Marshall County and attended public school at McKinley Elementary, Franklin Junior High and Paducah Tilghman High School in Paducah, Kentucky. Grubbs studied chemistry at the University of Florida where he was awarded a B.S. and an M.S.. He worked with Merle Battiste in Florida University, and Columbia University, where he obtained his Ph.D. in 1968. He was taught by Ronald Breslow in Columbia. 

He next spent a year with James Collman at Stanford University. He was then made part of the faculty at Michigan State University. In 1978 he moved to California Institute of Technology where he still works as the Victor and Elizabeth Atkins Professor of Chemistry. 

His main interest is for organometallic chemistry and organic chemistry. These interests are for catalysts, such as Grubbs' catalyst for olefin metathesis and ring-opening metathesis polymerization and norbornene. He also produced some important work on "living polymerization".

Grubbs died from a heart attack while receiving lymphoma treatment at a hospital in Duarte, California on December 19, 2021, at age 79.


Grubbs received the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, along with Richard R. Schrock and Yves Chauvin, for his work in the field of olefin metathesis.


Billabong

Billabong is an Australian word.


CBS Corporation

CBS Corporation (also known as CBS Entertainment in production) was an American mass media corporation focused on broadcasting, publishing, and television production. Until 2005, the company was known as Viacom. A new company, keeping the Viacom name, was spun off from CBS.

In 2019, CBS Corporation and Viacom were merged together. This created ViacomCBS, a combination of the two companies. The merger was finished on December 4, 2019.

Console manufacturer

A console manufacturer is a company that makes and sells video game consoles. It is a multimillion-dollar industry.

History of computer and video games

Video games were introduced as an entertainment medium in 1971, becoming the start for a big entertainment industry in the late 1970s/early 1980s in the United States, Japan, and Europe. After a bad industry collapse in 1983 and a rebirth two years later, the video game industry has experienced large growth for over twenty years. Now, it is a $10 billion industry and it earns almost as much money as the motion picture industry.
Nowadays, we have companies such as Xbox, PlayStation, and Nintendo that are very popular in most countries.

Jimboomba, Queensland

Jimboomba is a town in south east Queensland, Australia. About 1,400 people live there. It is 21 kilometers north of Beaudesert on the Mount Lindsay Highway. The word Jimboomba is an Indigenous Australian word which means "Loud thunder, little rain."
Jimboomba was first settled by Europens in 1845, when Thomas Dowse started to graze cattle and sheep in the area. In 1880, the first hotel, the Norfolk Hotel, opened for business, with several more hotels opened in the next few years as the railway from Beaudesert reached the town. The railway station became a loading spot for the local saw mill. The first school was opened in 1890 in the Presbyterian Church hall.

Charles III

Charles III (Charles Philip Arthur George; born 14 November 1948) is the Head of the Commonwealth and the King of the United Kingdom and 14 other countries since the death of his mother Elizabeth II in 2022. He was Prince of Wales between 1958 and 2022.

King Charles III was born at Buckingham Palace in London. He is the first son of Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. He is the grandson of George VI of the United Kingdom and Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. He was baptised at Buckingham Palace. 

Charles went to school at Gordonstoun and to university at Trinity College, Cambridge. He became the first British royal heir to earn a university degree.

Charles was officially made the Prince of Wales in 1958. As Prince of Wales, Charles fulfilled many public engagements and charity work, such as creating the Prince's Trust. He has also spent time in the Royal Air Force. He has spent a lot of time advocating for the prevention of climate change.

As the heir to the throne, Charles also represented his mother on numerous occasions, such as the independence days of Fiji, the Bahamas, Papua New Guinea, Zimbabwe and Brunei, as well as the day Hong Kong was given back to China. 

In 2021, Prince Charles attended the celebration of Barbados becoming a republic and removing Queen Elizabeth as their leader. It was the first time that a British royal attended the transition of a Commonwealth realm in a republic. 

Charles became king on 8 September 2022, after the death of his mother, Queen Elizabeth II. Holding the titles Prince of Wales, Duke of Cornwall, and Duke of Rothesay, Charles was the longest-serving British heir apparent, passing Edward VII's record on 20 April 2011. When he became monarch at the age of 73, he was the oldest person to do so.

In an announcement after the death of Queen Elizabeth II, Prime Minister Liz Truss called Charles "King Charles III". This was the first time anyone had used that name officially. soon after Clarence House confirmed that he would use the regnal name "Charles III". When a British monarch becomes king or queen, they are allowed to change their name if they want to. For example, Charles' grandfather changed his name from "Albert" to "George", and he was "King George VI".

Charles' coronation took place at Westminster Abbey on 6 May 2023. HM Queen consort Camilla was crowned at the same occasion. Charles' eldest son William, Prince of Wales attended and was the only noble to swear allegiance to The King.

He was married to his first wife, Diana, Princess of Wales, from 1981 until they divorced in 1996. They had two sons, Prince William and Prince Harry. Charles and Diana's divorce attracted a lot of media coverage and attention. Charles has been married to his second wife, Camilla, Queen Consort formerly the Duchess of Cornwall, since 2005.

On 25 March 2020, Charles tested positive for COVID-19.

On 5 February 2024, it was announced by Buckingham Palace that Charles had been diagnosed with cancer.



Formaldehyde

Formaldehyde (or Methanal) is a chemical compound.

It is a colorless gas with a strong smell. Like other aldehydes, it is flammable and toxic.
It is the simplest aldehyde. Its main application is as a disinfectant. It is a biocide, this means it can kill most bacteria and fungi. It is also used to make dyes, to make textiles, wrinkle-free preservatives, explosives, and certain polymers. About 23 million tonnes (50 billion pounds) of formaldehyde was made worldwide in 2005. On May 21, 2002, a worker in a explosive making factory dropped a lighter and the flame immediately spread to the formaldehyde, which in turn caused to fire to blaze abnormally. This caused 17 known deaths and 39 known injuries. These days, the chemical is used less frequently.

Tulu language

Tulu is a language spoken in south India, mainly in the states of Karnataka and Kerala. In Karnataka it is spoken mainly in the district of Dakshina Kannada. In Kerala it is spoken in the Kasargod district. The area where Tulu is spoken is sometimes called Tulunadu.

There are various dialects. The most important are: 
bunt

SMart

SMart is a long running children’s art show. The presenters show how to create pictures from items easily found around the house.

The show has a number of spin offs, because it is so popular. Some of these are


Hot Space

Hot Space is an album by English rock band Queen, released in 1982.


The Works (Queen album)

The Works is a 1984 pop/rock album by English band Queen. It was the band's eleventh studio album.

A Kind of Magic

A Kind of Magic is a 1986 album by English rock band Queen. It was the band's twelfth studio album, and is based on the soundtrack to the movie "Highlander".


The Miracle (album)

The Miracle is a 1989 album by English rock band Queen. It was the band's thirteenth studio album.


Innuendo (album)

Innuendo is a 1991 album by English rock band Queen. It is the band's fourteenth studio album and the last to be composed entirely of new material. It is also their final studio album to be released while lead singer Freddie Mercury was still alive.


Made in Heaven

Made in Heaven is Queen's fifteenth and final studio album, released in November 1995. After Freddie Mercury's death in 1991, the remaining band members John Deacon, Roger Taylor and Brian May worked with vocals that Mercury had previously recorded, along with newly recorded lyrics by the remaining band members. "Made In Heaven" was the last studio album performed by all four original band members.


Sassanid Empire

The Sassanid Empire or Sasanian Dynasty is the name used for the Persian dynasty that lasted from 224 to 651 AD.

The Sassanid Empire, which succeeded the Parthian Empire, was recognised as one of the two great powers in Western Asia, alongside the Roman Empire and later the Byzantine Empire, for more than 400 years.

The Sassanid dynasty was founded by Ardashir I when he defeated the last Parthian (Arsacid) king, Artabanus IV, and ended when the last Sassanid Shahanshah (King of Kings), Yazdegerd III (632–651), lost a fourteen-year struggle to drive out the early Arab Caliphate, the first of the Islamic empires.

The Sassanid Empire's traditional territory included what is now Iran, Iraq, Armenia, Afghanistan, Egypt and eastern Turkey and parts of Syria, Pakistan, Caucasia, Central Asia and Arabia.

The Sassanid era is considered to be one of the most important and influential historical periods in Iran. In many ways; the Sassanid period saw the highest achievement of Persian civilization, and was the last great Persian Empire before the Muslim conquest and the adoption of Islam.

Persia influenced Roman civilization considerably during the Sassanids, and the Romans reserved for the Sassanid Persians the status of equals. The Roman Emperor wrote letters to the Persian Shahanshah, which were addressed to "my brother". Their cultural influence extended far beyond the empire's territorial borders by reaching as far as Western Europe, Africa, China and India and played a prominent role in the formation of both European and Asiatic mediaeval art.

This influence carried forward to the early Islamic world. The dynasty's unique aristocratic culture transformed the Islamic conquest of Iran into a Persian renaissance. Much of what later became known as Islamic culture, architecture, writing andother skills were borrowed from the Sassanid Persians and spead throughout the broader Muslim world.

In the spring of 632, a grandson of Khosrau I, Yazdegerd III, who had lived in hiding, ascended the throne. The same year, the first raiders from the Arab tribes made their raids into Persian territory. They were united by Islam. Years of warfare had exhausted both the Byzantines and the Persians. Also, the latter were further weakened by economic decline, heavy taxation, religious unrest, rigid social classes, the increasing power of the provincial landholders and a rapid turnover of rulers. Those factors made the Islamic conquest of Persia easier than if it had been attempted earlier.

The Sassanids never mounted a truly effective resistance to the pressure that was applied by the Muslim conquests.

226–241: Reign of Ardashir I:

241–271: Reign of Shapur I:

271–301: A period of dynastic struggles.

283: War with Rome. Romans sack Ctesiphon.

296-8: War with Rome. Persia cedes five provinces east of the Tigris to Rome.

309–379: Reign of Shapur II "the Great":

387: Armenia partitioned into Roman and Persian zones.

399–420: Reign of Yazdegerd I "the Sinner":

420–438: Reign of Bahram V:

438–457: Reign of Yazdegerd II:

482-3: Armenian and Iberian revolt.

483: Edict of Toleration granted to Christians.

484: Peroz I defeated and killed by Hephthalites.

491: Armenian revolt. Armenian Church repudiates the Council of Chalcedon:

502-506: War with Constantinople.

526-532: War with Constantinople.

531–579: Reign of Khosrau I, "with the immortal soul" (Anushirvan)

540–562: War with Constantinople.

572-591: War with Constantinople. Persia cedes much of Armenia and Iberia to Constantinople.

590–628: Reign of Khosrau II

603–628: War with Byzantium. Persia occupies Byzantine Mesopotamia, Syria, Palestine, Egypt and the Transcaucasus, before being driven to withdraw to pre-war frontiers by Byzantine counter-offensive.

610: Arabs defeat a Sassanid army at Dhu-Qar.

626: Unsuccessful siege of Constantinople by Avars and Persians.

627: Byzantine Emperor Heraclius invades Assyria and Mesopotamia. Decisive defeat of Persian forces at the battle of Nineveh.

628–632: Chaotic period of multiple rulers.

632–642: Reign of Yazdegerd III.

636: Decisive Sassanid defeat at the Battle of al-Qadisiyyah during the Islamic conquest of Persia.

642: Final victory of Arabs when Persian army destroyed at Nahavand (Nehavand).

651: Last Sassanid ruler Yazdegerd III murdered at Merv, present-day Turkmenistan, ending the dynasty. His son Firuz and many others went into exile in China.


Edguy

Edguy is a metal band from Fulda, Germany. Their style of metal is power metal. They formed in 1992. The members right now are: Tobias Sammet (vocals), Jens Ludwig (guitar), Dirk Sauer (guitar), Tobias Exxel (bass), Felix Bohnke (drums).









Turbonegro

Turbonegro is a punk band from Oslo, Norway. They formed in 1989. They call their style "deathpunk", which is a mixture of punk and hard rock. The members are: Hank von Hell (vocals), Happy-Tom (bass), Euroboy (guitar), Pål Pot Pamparius (guitar, keyboard), Tomas Dahl (drums)
Friends of the band are Bam Margera.

Cheek

Cheeks (also called the buccal cavity) are the area of the face under the eyes and between the nose and the ears.

It is fleshy in humans and mammals, the skin being held up by the chin and the jaws, and making the wall of the human mouth, touching the cheekbone below the eye.

In animals, markings on the cheek area (i.e. stripes/spots), often are features between species or individuals.

Simony

Simony means that one pays for an office or a position in the hierarchy of Christian church. It is an offense against canon law. Simony became widespread in the Catholic Church in the 9th and 10th centuries. The name comes from Simon Magus, who appears in the Acts of the Apostles 8:18-24. Simon Magus offers the disciples of Jesus, Peter and John, payment so that anyone he would place his hands on would receive the power of the Holy Spirit. This is the origin of the term "simony". but it also extends to other forms of trafficking for money in "spiritual things".

In the Middle Ages there were problems with simony and accusations of simony, especially during the Investiture Controversy. Rulers wanted to employ the educated and centrally organized clergy in their administrations.


Flesh

Flesh is the soft part of the body between the skin and the bones. It is sometimes compared to bones, in the saying "flesh and bone". If it is to be eaten, it is normally called meat instead.

Locomotive

In rail transport, a locomotive or a rail tractor is the part of a train that makes the train move. Normally, Locomotives are typically much stronger than regular cars and trucks, it is the first part of the train, and has an engine. Some trains do not have a separate locomotive; they have motors in the other parts of the train.

A diesel locomotive is powered by a diesel engine. The diesel engine may drive the locomotive's wheels directly via a gearbox, shaft or chain (called mechanical transmission) or by using a hydraulic transmission system (diesel-hydraulic). Most of the locomotives in the world are diesel-electric, due to their ease of use and reliability. They generate electricity and use it to power the wheels. They can be more powerful than steam locomotives and do not need an expensive power grid like electric locomotives.

A steam locomotive uses wood, coal or oil (but mostly coal) as fuel to heat water in a boiler, which turns into steam which pushes pistons to power the train. Steam locomotives were invented in the early 19th century. They are not widely used any more due to their operational costs, especially the fuel costs; steam locomotives are now mostly only used on tourist railroads.

An electric locomotive runs on electricity as the name suggests. Electric locomotives cost the least to buy and operate. However, the railway electrification system is very expensive, so only tracks used by many trains per day are usually electrified. Thus, electrics are only the second next used type, behind diesel locomotives.

The Man Who Knew Too Much

The Man Who Knew Too Much is a 1934 suspense movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock and released by the Gaumont British company. It was one of the most successful and critically acclaimed movies of Hitchcock's British period.

Hitchcock remade the movie in 1956 for Paramount Pictures, the only one of his movies that he ever remade. The two movies are however very different in tone, in setting, and in many plot details.

Regent

A regent is a position of government in a country where there is a monarchy (like a king or queen). As an "acting monarch" the regent does the job of a monarch where the real monarch is either too young, sick or cannot do what they are meant to for some other reason. 

A regent may also be voted in if there are no heirs in line to the throne, for instance, if the current monarch dieswith no surviving relatives.


Transcendental Meditation

The Transcendental Meditation technique, or TM technique is a kind of meditation that was developed by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. Today, the name is trademarked.

The meditation technique is practiced while sitting down with the eyes closed and is practiced twice a day.

Reviews of studies on the effects of the Transcendental Meditation technique show some results are not definite while some reviews of studies show patterns of positive effects.

The Transcendental Meditation technique is learned in seven steps. There are two lectures and a personal interview. This is followed by a session in which the student learns how to meditate. In three more sessions the meditation is checked to make sure the technique is being done correctly.

The goal of the Transcendental Meditation technique is said to be that the meditator continue to feel the deep rest, and the comfort of the meditation while living everyday life.

In 1955, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (born Mahesh Prasad Varma) began teaching a meditation technique he says was based on the Vedas. He gave this method for meditation the name, Transcendental Meditation.

Before this, Maharishi had studied with his teacher Swami Brahmananda Saraswati, and was also his secretary from 1941 until Brahmananda Saraswati's death in 1953. In 1957, Maharishi began the Spiritual Regeneration Movement in Madras, India, on the last day of a festival held in memory of his teacher. In 1958, he began the first of a number of worldwide tours in which he began to teach the TM technique to people around the world.

In the early 1970s, Maharishi began to establish one Transcendental Meditation teaching center for each million of the people in the world, which at that time would have meant 3,600 Transcendental Meditation centers throughout the world. In 1990, Maharishi moved to the town of Vlodrop, in the Netherlands, where he began an organization he called The Global Country of World Peace that takes care of all of the teaching of the Transcendental Meditation technique around the world. The Global Country of World Peace says there are more than 6 million people worldwide who have learned the Transcendental Meditation technique.

Transcendental Meditation has been researched since 1970. The earliest study, done in 1970, showed that with the Transcendental Meditation technique the body rests deeply, but is not asleep, and is alert. This study also showed that with the Transcendental Meditation technique stress became less.

According to one study Transcendental Meditation has been found to not have any advantages over health education in improving a persons health.

Transcendental Meditation websites say the Transcendental Meditation technique does not interfere with a person's religion.

In 2013, Monsignor Raffaello Martinelli, servicing Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, having worked for over 23 years with Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger (Pope Benedict XVI), said that for his Meditation, a Christian can learn from other religious traditions (zen, yoga, controlled respiration, Mantra):" "As long as the Catholic Church rejects nothing of what is true and holy in these religions, we should not despise these indications since non-Christian. Instead, we can collect from them what is useful, provided you never lose sight of the Christian conception of prayer, its logic and requirements, since it is within this that all these fragments must be reformulated and assumed.../...»". In 1984, Cardinal Sin, an Archbishop in the Catholic Church stated that the Transcendental Meditation technique interferes with Christian religions. And other clergy believe the technique does not interfere with religious belief and practices.

Experts on cults say those who use the Transcendental Meditation technique may show cult-like actions, while David Orme-Johnson, a psychologist and researcher who was once a professor at Maharishi University of Management, says studies show that those who use the Transcendental Meditation technique act in ways that are adult and self – sufficient, and do not act in the way people in cults are said to act.

Honshū

Honshū is also Japan's main island. It is south of Hokkaidō across the Tsugaru Strait, north of Shikoku across the Seto Inland Sea, and northeast of Kyūshū across the Kanmon Strait. It is the seventh biggest island, and is the island with the second highest number of people in the world after Java. 



Most Haunted Live!

Most Haunted Live is a British paranormal television program based on investigating possible paranormal activity. It is shown on the satellite and cable channels Living, Living2 and Virgin 1 (Formerly Ftn), mainly for the UK market. It is the Live version of "Most Haunted" which is going into its 10th series on February 19, 2008. It is made by Antix Productions, and is led by Yvette Fielding and her husband Karl Beattie.

The team's latest series leads them to travel to Italy, Turin. Investigating possible paranormal 'hotspots' for 24 hours witihn the city.

Investigators 
Presenters 


Gerolamo Cardano

Gerolamo Cardano or Girolamo Cardano (English Jerome Cardan, Latin Hieronymus Cardanus; September 24, 1501 - September 21, 1576) was a celebrated Italian Renaissance mathematician, physician, and astrologer.

As he was an illegitimate child, he could not enter the college of physicians. Despite this he was a relatively successful physician. The first description of Typhoid fever is attributed to him. 

Today he is mainly known as a mathematician. He made some discoveries in algebra. He proposed ways to solve cubic and quartic equations. Niccolò Fontana Tartaglia told him about the solution of one particular cubic equation, "formula_1". This caused a long fight. His student Lodovico Ferrari solved the quartic equations. Cardano also speaks about imaginary numbers in the same book, "Ars Magna".

Cardano was often short of money, and gambled compulsively. A book of his, "Liber de ludo aleae" ("Book on Games of Chance" in the English), contains the first systematic treatment of probability, as well as a section on cheating. He wrote it "c." 1564, but it was first published posthumously, in 1663.

He invented various things, including the and the . He also believed that perpetual motion was impossible, except for stars.

Violent crime

Violent crime means a crime where the offenders use violence upon the victim. Different countries have different definitions of violent crime. Common examples of violent crime include homicide, abduction, robbery etc.

Roentgenium

Roentgenium (, ) is a chemical element. It is a transition metal. Its symbol is Rg, and its atomic number is 111.
The element is named in honor of a German physicist Wilhelm Röntgen.

So far, it has not been found in nature. There seem to be 7 isotopes. All of them are radioactive. They have a half life of between 1.6 milliseconds and 26 seconds. Because of the Inert pair effect, it could have a color similar to that of gold.

Michigan International Speedway

The Michigan International Speedway (or MIS) is a two-mile (3.22 km) long racetrack. It contains more than 1,400 acres, near Brooklyn, Michigan. The track is used mostly for NASCAR events. It is sometimes known as the "sister track" of Texas World Speedway. Construction for the track began on September 28, 1967, and opened October 13, 1968 with budget of around $4–6 million.

Michigan is now one of the fastest tracks in NASCAR due to its wide, sweeping corners and long straightaways. It normal speeds of more than 190 mph, but corner entry speeds easily pass 200 mph (~320 Km/h).


International health

International health means two different, but related, things. It means care of people who travel from one country to another, and knowledge of diseases foreign to the traveler. It also means people from one country trying to improve health in another.

There are different kinds of groups that are involved in international health. They engage in international health for different reasons and with different ethics and rules.

Governments of rich, "developed" countries are often interested in the health of other countries. They are especially interested in the health of neighbor countries. The reasons for this are many: if they have extra resources, they may want to share them with their neighbors; but also they may want to stop spread of diseases from their neighbor country across the border. For example, the United States is a richer country than Mexico and has little problem with measles (in children) or rabies (in mammals) in the interior, but along the border with Mexico these diseases are more common.

The Western Hemisphere's countries have formed PAHO, the Pan American Health Organization, to deal with these kinds of problems in an organized way. PAHO knows that people and goods flow across borders in both directions, and a problem in one country will soon be a problem in its partner countries. PAHO is an example of an international organization.

Non-governmental organizations (NGOs) are associations organized outside of the government by volunteers and others, and which serve a particular interest. Often, NGOs interested in health perform important functions in international health, both in direct care and in development.

Salam

Salam (, '), sometimes spelled salaam, is an Arabic word that literally means "peace", but is also used as a general greeting, above all in Arab countries and by the Muslim countries around the world in general. 

As-salamu ʿalaykum () is a greeting in Arabic that means "peace be upon you". The greeting is a standard salutation among Muslims, whether socially or within worship and other contexts.  The typical response to the greeting is "wa-ʿalaykumu as-salām" (وَعَلَيْكُمُ ٱلسَّلَامُ; "and upon you be peace"). The full version of the greeting is "as-salamu ʿalaykum wa-rahmatullahi wa-barakatuh" (, "peace be upon you, as well as the mercy of God and His blessings"), with the full response being "wa-ʿalaykum as-salam wa-rahmatullahi wa-barakatuh" (). It is also preferred to use the greeting when arriving and also while leaving. It was reported that Abu Hurairah said "When one of you joins a gathering, let him say 'Peace'. When he wants to get up and leave, let him say 'Peace'. The former is not more important than the latter" (Hasan hadith reported in Jāmiʿ at-Tirmidhi). 
In addition, "As-Salam" is one of the 99 Names of God.

The Arabic "salam" means "Peace" just as does the Hebrew "shalom".

Tekken (series)

Tekken is a fighting video game series made by "Namco" (now "Bandai Namco Games").





Tekken 3

Tekken 3 is a 1998 fighting video game made by Namco.




Tekken Tag Tournament

Tekken Tag Tournament is an update to Tekken 3. It has most of the characters from the past games. It was released for PlayStation 2 in 2000.

The game does not have a story, but it is considered non-canonical.

Marshall Law, the Jack robot from the original "Tekken" game, King, Kuma, Doctor Boskonovitch and Gon, (the manga character who appeared in the PlayStation version of "Tekken 3") were excluded as characters in "Tekken Tag Tournament". However, Doctor Boskonovitch makes a cameo in the Tekken Bowling minigame.

|width=28% valign=top|
|width=44% valign=top|


Tekken 4

Tekken 4 is a 2002 fighting video game made by Namco for the PlayStation 2.

Two years ago, Heihachi could not capture Ogre.

Not wanting to give up, Heihachi said to his researchers to get blood samples, skin tissue, and hoof fragments left behind by Ogre (or known as True Ogre in its true manifestation) in order to conduct genetic experiments. Heihachi’s goal was to make a new life form by splicing Ogre’s genome with his own. However, the research was unsuccessful. After long experimentation, Heihachi’s bioengineers came to the conclusion that an extra gene - the "Devil Gene" - was needed in order to successfully splice Ogre’s genetic code into another living organism. Heihachi learned that his own genome did not have the Devil Gene, but he knew someone who had it, Jin Kazama.

Jin, who defeated Ogre in The King of Iron Fist Tournament 3, was shot and wounded by Heihachi. As his life slipped away, Jin transformed into a Devil. Upon his transformation, he struck down Heihachi and took flight. Jin’s whereabouts were unknown after the Tournament. Heihachi searched for Jin. Heihachi found a photograph during his search that made him curious. The 20-year-old photograph was an image of a burnt corpse covered with laceration wounds. Heihachi paid much attention to the corpse’s back, which had what looked like deformed, protruding wing-like limbs.

Thinking that the picture was of Kazuya, his own son whom he threw into a volcano 20 years ago, Heihachi diverted all his resources into a search for the body. This search led Heihachi to G Corporation, a modern biotech firm making unprecedented advances in the field of biogenetics research. Heihachi found out that the G Corporation found the corpse and got its genetic data. Heihachi learned that the company was in the middle of creating a new life form by using the data. Heihachi also determined that Kazuya’s remains and research data were secured at G Corporation’s Nebraska and Nepal research laboratories, respectively.

Friday, 25 December. The Tekken Force raided G Corporation’s maximum security research laboratory in Nepal. The bottom floors of the building were destroyed, and the remaining data storage facility containing file servers was taken away by a group of heavy-duty helicopters. At the same time, a separate unit led by Heihachi infiltrated the underground research facility in Nebraska, where Kazuya’s remains were preserved. As Heihachi looked from his helicopter, he soon realized that unlike the Nepal facility, the operations in Nebraska were not going according to plan. The tactical status monitor screens showed the first wave of the Tekken Force troops being blown out from the storage room where Kazuya’s remains were supposedly kept. A silhouette of a large figure slowly emerged from the room... When Heihachi could see clearly enough, he instantly recognized the large figure as Kazuya.

Kazuya was brought back to life in G Corporation’s research facility. After his resurrection, Kazuya offered his body as research material to determine the true nature of the Devil that resided within him. Kazuya’s goal was to combine his two selves into one. Kazuya theorized that if he unified his body with the Devil, he would be able to truly get its powers. He could then finally take revenge against Heihachi and the Mishima Zaibatsu (Financial Empire).

Enraged that Heihachi thwarted his plans, Kazuya obliterated the heavily armed Tekken Force and vanished into the flames of the lab’s wreckage. Heihachi was infuriated by Kazuya’s escape and took out his anger on his hapless subordinates who reported the escape.

Dr. Abel, Heihachi’s lead scientific advisor, urged the enraged Heihachi to quickly find a way to capture Kazuya. Once his anger subsided, Heihachi focused his mind and decided on a plan. An evil smile crept upon his lips. Two years had passed since The King of Iron Fist Tournament 3. The Mishima Zaibatsu announced The King of Iron Fist Tournament 4 and placed the massive financial empire as the top prize. The champion who manages to defeat Heihachi at the end of the Tournament would inherit the Mishima Zaibatsu. Well aware that the tournament is just a trap designed to lure him out, Kazuya nevertheless enters - it is his chance to defeat Heihachi

It marked the first game of the Tekken series to have character conversations (aside from Julia's Tekken 3 ending, in which she speaks to Michelle). Some may speak in other languages (in part of Hwoarang's ending, Jin Kazama speaks in English). It is also the first game having each characters to speak in the beginning for Story Mode. In the background, sketches are seen that follow the characters story. Some may appear in the epilogue of a characters ending.



Tekken 5

Tekken 5 is a fighting video game made by Namco for PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3.

After the end of King of Iron Fist Tournament 4, father Kazuya Mishima and son Jin Kazama, battle each other at Honmaru, somewhere in the Mishima estate. Jin quickly beats his father. The oldest Mishima, Heihachi, enters the Honmaru to find his son defeated and asleep. Heihachi and Jin begin to fight. During the fight, Jin begins to show the Devil he got from his father, Kazuya. Just as it appears that Jin will kill Heihachi, Jin suddenly gains control of his body and flies away.

Suddenly, a bunch of "Jack" robots interrupt the battle. Both Kazuya and Heihachi are surprised at the attack, and begin fighting as a team against the Jack robots. During the battle however, Kazuya goes against his father, throws him into the Jack robots and runs away. Raven, watching on top of the cliff, speaks into a headphone and says: ""Heihachi Mishima...is dead.""

After hearing of Heihachi's death, people though that it would bring the end of the Mishima Zaibatsu. However, an unknown person had taken control, and a month later Mishima Zaibatsu announced the opening of The King of Iron Fist Tournament 5.

Following the end of the King of Iron Fist Tournament 4, Heihachi Mishima defeated Kazuya Mishima and led him to Honmaru Temple, planning to let both his son Kazuya and his grandson, Jin Kazama, battle and steal their "Devil Genes". Jin defeats both his father and his grandfather and flies away, leaving the latter two asleep. Shortly after, a group Jack-4 robots invade the Honmaru. The robots were made to take Heihachi's life. At the start, Kazuya and Heihachi fight the Jack-4's as a team, but eventually Kazuya throws Heihachi across the room as soon as he notices that Heihachi is getting tired. Then, Kazuya turns into Devil Kazuya and escapes, leaving Heihachi to deal with the Jack-4's by himself. They quickly explode, leaving Heihach. The explosion brings Heihachi's father Jinpachi Mishima back to life from his 50 year sleep beneath the Temple, and goes to and become head of the Mishima Zaibatsu. A few months later, the King of Iron Fist Tournament 5 is announced. It turns out that Heihachi survived the explosion, and now promises to find out and ""break the neck of the one who started this ridiculous tournament!""

Tekken 5 kept many features from the older games, as well as new features, such as the new "Crush System" and the chance to dress up all chaaracters differently (except for Mokujin). It was also the first Tekken game to have a mini-game that hade a story of its own. It also had stages with no walls like the stages in all the older Tekken games (except for Tekken 4). The stages did not also have all the slopes and uneven ground, like they did in Tekken 4.

Tekken 5.1 was a small upgrade of the original Tekken 5 that was not released on consoles and instead, was only on arcades. It contained different balance changes to characters of the original game. It also fixed the damage done when using fground moves, instead of ground moves doing 100% damage, they now only did 70% damage. The character health bars for this game is a different colour to the health bars on the original Tekken 5.

Tekken: Dark Resurrection (DR for short) is an upgraded version of Tekken 5. It added two new characters, Emily "Lili" Rochefort and Sergei Dragunov, and it also added a returning older character, Armor King. Eddy Gordo also got his own character box, rather than just sharing a character box with Christie Monteiro. Plus, the game had new moves for the characters, as well as some changes to some older moves, in order to balance out the characters more, new customization items to use to dres up the characters, new stages, and new before fight and win animations, as well as some camera angle changes to some older ones. The game also recolored the main outfits of most of the characters, and the game's final boss, Jinpachi Mishima, got a new design, giving him a flame-like appearance, with a horn coming out of his head.

Tekken 5 was re-released on the PlayStation Portable as Tekken: Dark Resurrection (known as Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection in arcades and on PlayStation 3) with new stages, two new characters, one extra returning character, an online mode, new costumes and more. The character select screen is also different and there are new modes such as the "Tekken Dojo" mode, where the player has to enter a tournament, defeating ghosts (not actual ghosts you see at Halloween). Later on, after the release of Tekken: Dark Resurrection on the PSP, Namco decided to release the arcade version of Tekken: Dark Resurrection (called Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection) on the PlayStation Store. The PS3 version was a bit different from the PSP version. It was very much like the arcade version, but not exactly. The only things missing are Story mode, Ghost downloads, Tekken Dojo and a Customizing mode (although you can dress your characters up after you select them and before you fight with them). On the PS3 version, Jinpachi Mishima is also a playble character, unlike in Tekken 5 and Tekken: Dark Resurrection where he is non-playable, unless a cheat device such as GameShark or an Action Replay was used (CWCheat and custom firmware 3.40 for PSP).





Tekken 6

Tekken 6 is a fighting video game made by Namco. It was released in Japanese arcades on November 26, 2007. It was released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on October 27, 2009. It was released on the PlayStation Portable on November 24, 2009.

Tekken 6, was released on October 27, 2009 for the PS3, and Xbox 360, and will be released on November 24, 2009 for the PSP, is the sequel to Tekken 5 and Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection. Both games have been liked by fans. Katsuhiro Hirada, game director for Tekken 6 and previous Tekken games, said that the stages will be bigger and will have more movement and interactivity,[9] such as walls or floors that can be broken so you can fight in new fighting areas. The character customization feature has been changed and become better, and will be more involved with the gameplay.

A new "rage" system has been added, which allows characters to do more damage per hit when their health is low. In re mode, a reddish energy aura appears around the character and their health bar starts to flicker red. The rage aura can be changed into different colors and effects to appear like fire, electricity, ice and others. Another new feature added is the "bound" feature. Every character has some moves that, when used on the enemy that is currently midair in a juggle combo, will cause the opponent to be smashed hard into the ground, bouncing them off the floor, stunned and letting the attacker to perform another combo or attack.

The console versions will have an extra mode called "Scenario Campaign" which is similar to the "Tekken Force" and "Devil Within" modes from previous games. This mode is playable only by one player offline, but in the future the mode will be playable co-operatively online with two players. In this mode players can pick up weapons such as poles and gatling guns. Players can move almost any way they wantt to between fights, but when fighting enemies, the gameplay switches to the traditional Tekken style.

Both the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions of the game will include an online versus multiplayer mode over PlayStation Network and Xbox Live respectively.

Tekken 6: Bloodline Rebellion was supposed to be released on consoles instead of Tekken 6. It was supposed to be an upgrade of Tekken 6, having new fighting arenas, characters and more. In the end, Namco decided to release the original Tekken 6 on consoles with the updates and more things that can only be played on the console version.




<nowiki>*</nowiki><br><nowiki>**</nowiki>


Sola scriptura

Sola scriptura (Latin for "by scripture alone") means "the Bible alone ." Protestant Christians who subscribe to the doctrine of Sola scriptura belive that the Bible is the most important authority to the Christian faith, rather than Catholic or Eastern Orthodox Christians who believe that tradition and early church writings have equal authority with the Bible.

"Sola scriptura" was a principle of Martin Luther's Protestant Reformation and is a principle of Protestants today (see five solas).



Tatar

Tatar might mean:


Human Rights Watch

Human Rights Watch is an international non-governmental organization. Its activities include research and advocacy on human rights. The headquarters of the organization is in New York City.



Arms trafficking

Arms trafficking or gun-running is smuggling of weapons and ammunition. Arms trafficking happens everywhere but it is a very big problem in places with violent political conflict or civil war. International organizations for human rights, including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch are looking into fixing this problem.

<br>

Sola fide

Sola fide means "faith only" in Latin. It is used by Protestants, who believe that people must trust Jesus to bring them back into relationship with God. Sin creates a gap between people and God, but Jesus, who was perfect, died by taking the punishment for sin for the people and so bridged the gap. That is called salvation because Jesus "saves" people from being without God. The idea is that trust in Jesus is the only way to be saved and to get to heaven after people die.

That belief was a principle of the Protestant Reformation, which was started by Martin Luther, and is a principle of Protestants today (see five solas). It contrasts with Catholics and the Eastern Orthodox, who believe that Jesus died to bridge the gap between God and people, but they must also behave to be saved.

Protestants agree that people need to do what is right, but they believe that salvation depends on faith alone, not on acts.


Society of Jesus

The Society of Jesus (Latin: "Societas Iesu", "S.J." and "S.I." or "SJ", "SI" ) is a Roman Catholic Church religious order whose members are called Jesuits, "Soldiers of Christ", and "Foot soldiers of the Pope", because the founder, Saint Ignatius of Loyola, was a knight before becoming a priest.

Jesuits are the largest male religious order of the Roman Catholic Church with 19,216 members (13,491 priests, 3,049 scholastic students, 1,810 brothers and 866 novices).

The Society of Jesus is consecrated under the patronage of the Madonna Della Strada. It is led by a Superior General, currently Arturo Sosa.

The headquarters of the society, its General Curia, is in Rome.

Within the Catholic Church, there has been a sometimes tense relationship between Jesuits and the Vatican. This is due to questioning of official Church teaching and papal directives, such as those on abortion, birth control, women deacons, homosexuality, and liberation theology.
However, as of 2013, the current Pope, Pope Francis, is a Jesuit himself.








Rosenhan experiment

The Rosenhan experiment is a test in psychiatry. It wants to see how good a psychiatric diagnosis really is. The first person to do the test was David Rosenhan. The test is named after him. It was first conducted in 1972. Rosenhan published the results in the journal "Science" under the title "On being sane in insane places."

The test is made of two parts. In the first part, psychiatrically sane people said they heard hallucinations, to get admitted to a psychiatric ward. This was done to test how the psychiatric hospitals would react. The second part was the reverse. Rosenhan told the hospitals, he would send "fake patients". But he did not send any "fake" patients. 

The results of the study were very controversial. When Rosenhan sent the people, the hospitals were unable to detect them. On the other hand, when he told them he had sent some patients, but really did not, the hospitals recognised a large number of "fake patients". The study said that it was impossible to tell a difference between the sane and the insane. 

Chassiers

Chassiers is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. The commune has a population of about 850 people as of the year 1999.

Châteaubourg

Châteaubourgcan be one of 2 communes in France:


Châteaubourg, Ardèche

Châteaubourg is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. The commune has a population of about 200 people as of the year 1999.

Châteauneuf-de-Vernoux

Châteauneuf-de-Vernoux is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.

Dominican Order

The Order of Preachers (Latin:"Ordo Praedicatorum", "OP") is a Roman Catholic religious order. Its members follow the rules Saint Dominic gave them in the 13th century. After the 15th century they are commonly known as Dominicans.

Dominican

Dominican might mean:


M-Train

Bayside Trains (later known as M>Train) were awarded a 15-year contract to run half of Melbourne's railway network on 31 October, 1999, by the Victorian State Government. On October 1, 2001, Bayside Trains renamed themselves to M>Train, along with Swanston Trams renaming themselves to M>Tram .

Diploma

A diploma is a certificate you receive when you have studied a subject with good results. For many jobs a diploma is needed, because it proves that you are good at the subject you studied. A diploma is usually a basic degree that is lower than a Bachelor's degree.

Authorized King James Version

The Authorized King James Version is an abridged translation of the Bible into the English language. This version of the Bible is also called the "Authorized Version" ("AV") or as the "King James Version" ("KJV") in the United States.

The name "King James" comes from King James I of England, who told the Church of England to begin working on it in 1604. The first book was published in 1611.

Although it is one of the oldest English translations of the Bible, it is still one of the most widely read versions today. A 2014 survey in the United States found that 55% people who read the Bible were using the King James Version. The next most widely-read version was the New International Version at 19%, while other versions were used by less than 10%.


809 Lundia

809 Lundia is a small, binary, V-type asteroid orbiting in the Flora family in the Main Belt. It is named after Lund Observatory, Sweden.

The V-type spectrum says that it is not genetically related to the Flora family, but rather is probably a piece (actually two pieces) blown off the surface of nearby 4 Vesta by a big impact in the past. Its orbit is too far from Vesta for it to actually be a member of the Vesta family It is not clear how it came at an orbit so far from Vesta, but other examples of V-type asteroids fairly far from their parent body are known. A mechanism of interplay between the Yarkovsky effect and nonlinear secular resonances (mainly involving Jupiter and Saturn) has been suggested.

A moon, designated S/2005 (809) 1, was seen based on lightcurve sightings in 2005. In fact, the size of the two bodies appear to be close in size, because during mutual occultations the brightness drops by a similar amount independently of which body is hidden. Assuming an albedo similar to 4 Vesta (around 0.4), suggests that the bodies are about 7 km across. It takes 15.4 hours to orbit each other, which says that the binary is very close — the separation being of the order of 10–20 km, if normal asteroid albedo and density values are assumed.


Hato Mayor Province

Hato Mayor is a Dominican province; it is on the eastern part of the country. Its name comes from the name of its capital city, Hato Mayor del Rey (in English: "the largest cattle farm of the King").

It is one of the last provinces created in the Dominican Republic; it was made a province on 3 December 1984. The province's territory was part of the El Seibo province.

Hato Mayor is bordered to the northwest by the province of Samaná, to the east by the El Seibo province, to the west by the Monte Plata province and to the south by the San Pedro de Macorís province. The Samaná Bay is to the north of the province.

Some native groups lived close to the coast, in caves in Los Haitises region. There were other groups, mainly Taínos, living inland but, in general, the population was low.

When the Spanish people came to this region, they found that there were many savannas with good grasses for food for cattle (cows), horses and sheep. And they made nine "hatos". "Hato" is a word from southern Spain that means a large farm for raising cattle (a ranch); it is a common word in the Dominican Republic. One of those "hatos" was Hato Mayor del Rey, made in the name of King Charles I of Spain (Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor) but given as a "Mayorazgo" (a family property) to Francisco Dávila as the manager and the property was called sometimes "Hato Mayor de Dávila".

Because there were many French people and from other countries trying to live in the Samaná region, the colonial government founded the city of Sabana de la Mar in 1760 and brought people from the Canary Islands to live here.

The area of Hato Mayor was part of the El Seibo province until the new province began in 1984 with three municipalities: Hato Mayor del Rey, its capital, and Sabana de la Mar and El Valle.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Hato Mayor province, and 63,012 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 26th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 85,610 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Hato Mayor del Rey, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in 2010) of 37,798 inhabitants.

The Hato Mayor province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 15th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province. The altitude of Hato Mayor del Rey, provincial capital, is .

The territory of the province covers across four geographical regions. From north to south, these regions are:

Rivers with their sources on the northern side of the Cordillera Oriental are short and flow into the Samaná Bay. The longest here is the River Yabón, long, with its mouth west of the city of Sabana de la Mar.

Those rivers that flow to the south of the Cordillera Oriental and into the Caribbean Sea are longer. The most important rivers are, from east to west:

There are two main roads in the province. One is the "Carretera Mella" ("Mella National Road") that begins in Santo Domingo and goes through Hato Mayor del Seibo, the El Seibo province and ends in Higüey; it is one of the most important road in the country.

The second road begins in Hato Mayor del Rey and ends in Sabana de la Mar.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are 3 municipalities and 4 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is farming; the main products are cacao (in the Cordillera Oriental), flowers and African oil palm around El Valle, and sugar cane south of Hato Mayor.

Because there are many savannas with grasses around Hato Mayor del Rey and to the south of it, cattle raising is a very important activity in the province; the dairy industry is important, with a large amount of cheese produced in the province.

Fishing is important in Sabana de la Mar and other towns around the Samaná Bay.


Rheine

Rheine is a city in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the biggest city in the district.

Rheine is on the river Ems, about north of Münster, about west of Osnabrück and east of Enschede (Netherlands).

Rheine consists of 15 districts:

Although a lot of people have lived in the area around the city since prehistorical times, Rheine was first mentioned in a document signed by Louis the Pious only in 838. On 15 August 1327 it got its town charter from Louis II, Bishop of Münster. 

The settlement was founded by reason of two old merchant roads crossing nearby, as well as a ford crossing the river Ems. Frankish soldiers secured this strategic point by a barrack yard at first. Later a church and more buildings were added to this outpost. 

In the end of Thirty Years' War the city burned down almost completely. Swedish and Hessian troops besieged imperial soldiers who entrenched themselves in Rheine. On 20th/21st September and 19th October 1647 glowing cannonballs set fire to the city, 365 houses got razed.

During the industrialisation textile industry prospered. It continued to be an important economical factor until the second half of the 20th century. Today engineering industries and services form the largest part of economy in Rheine.



Recke

Recke is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Recke is about north-east of Rheine and north-west of Osnabrück.




Bryggen

Bryggen (Norwegian for "the Wharf"), also known as Tyskebryggen ("the German Wharf"), is a series of Hanseatic commercial buildings found on the eastern side of the fjord coming into Bergen, Norway. Bryggen is on the UNESCO list for World Heritage sites. The name has the same origin as the Flemish city of Brugge.

Ibbenbüren

Ibbenbüren or Ibbenbueren is a medium-sized town in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is on position 185 of the biggest cities in Germany and the biggest city in Tecklenburger Land.

Ibbenbüren (Ibbenbueren) is on the Ibbenbürener Aa river, at the northwest end of the Teutoburger forest and rather exactly in the center of the two cities Rheine in the west and Osnabrück in the east, both about 20 km away.

Ibbenbüren is said in documentary evidence for the first time in 1146, when the bishop of Osnabrück at that time, Philipp of Katzenelnbogen, donated a tenth of his possessions in Ibbenbüren to the Getrudenkloster of Osnabrück. Although Ibbenbüren is already much older and a document of the year 1348 already occupies the establishment of a church in the year 799, the year 1146 is officially considered as the year of the foundation of Ibbenbüren.

In the years 1219 and/or 1234 it appears as church village. In this transition of the High Middle Ages to the Late Middle Ages the noble gentlemen of Ibbenbüren, that is the abbot of Herford and the counts of Tecklenburg, possessed basic rule in the place. To this time Ibbenbüren belonged to the Diocese of Osnabrück. During this time the castle of Ibbenbüren was built by the noble gentlemen of Ibbenbüren starting from 1150. Last remainder of this castle are the remnants of the heath tower in the proximity of the Aasee.

After the noble gentleman of Ibbenbüren died out, Ibbenbüren came under the exclusive rule of the counts of Tecklenburg. This rule lasted until the end of the 15th or beginning of the 16th century, when Ibbenbüren finally fell into possession Charles' V. in 1548 by awkward and luckless tactics used by the counts of Tecklenburg. Karl donated it to his sister Mary of Habsburg, governor of the Netherlands. Ibbenbüren was assigned to the office Lingen. Into this period also the falls the beginning of coal mining.

After Ibbenbüren repeatedly fell under control of the Netherlands and Spain in the Dutch Revolt, it was assigned to the House of Orange-Nassau after the Peace of Westphalia in 1648. In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around Ibbenbüren, which ended in the first half of the 19th century. By succession it came under Prussian rule in 1702. On February 1, 1724 Ibbenbüren attained municipal rights, which stood among other things in connection with the introduction excise duty. In the year 1743 the first magistrate and mayor appointed.

During the rule of Napoléon Bonaparte at the beginning of the 19th century, Ibbenbüren belonged to the first French Empire, until it was freed by Prussian and Russian troops in 1815. It came back under Prussian rule on January 1, 1816, resulting to be assigned to the district of Tecklenburg. After the end of World War II the city Ibbenbüren and the municipality Ibbenbüren Land formed by December 31, 1974 the department federation Ibbenbüren, resulting in today's city of Ibbenbüren. With the simultaneous dissolution of the district of Tecklenburg and fusion with the old district of Burgsteinfurt, Ibbenbüren was assigned to the new district of Steinfurt.

Ibbenbüren's coat of arms has a golden anchor on a blue shield. The city colors are blue and gold.

Westerkappeln

Westerkappeln is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is about northwest of Osnabrück.

Osnabrück (district)

Osnabrück () is a district ("Landkreis") in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is near the districts of Emsland, Cloppenburg, Vechta and Diepholz, the state of North Rhine-Westphalia (districts of Minden-Lübbecke, Herford, Gütersloh, Warendorf and Steinfurt) and the City of Osnabrück.

The district is almost the same as the Prince-Bishopric of Osnabrück which existed until 1803. When the clerical states of Germany were dissolved, Osnabrück became part of the Kingdom of Hanover, which in turn fell to Prussia in 1866. The district was established in 1972 by merging four old districts (Osnabrück, Melle, Bersenbrück, Wittlage).

The landscape is characterised by two mountain chains: the Wiehengebirge in the north and the northern foothills of the Teutoburg Forest in the south. These chains go around the City of Osnabrück.


Michelle Branch

Michelle Jacquet Branch-Landau (born July 2, 1983) is a singer from the United States. She writes songs and plays the guitar. She made her first album, "Broken Bracelet", in 2000, and released the platinum-selling albums "The Spirit Room" and "Hotel Paper" in August 2001 and June 2003, respectively. During this period, she worked with Carlos Santana on the single "The Game of Love", which won a Grammy Award. In 2004, she formed the musical duo The Wreckers with fellow musician Jessica Harp.

Scanning electron microscope

The scanning electron microscope (SEM) is a type of electron microscope that uses a focused beam of high-energy electrons in producing a variety of signals at the surface of a solid specimen. The signals produced by the interacting electrons contain useful information such as the shape, atomic structure and conductivity.
When an electron hits the surface, it may be reflected ("backscattered"), absorbed, or conducted away. Electrons that are absorbed can cause the atom that they hit to become unstable, forcing it to give off another electron (a secondary electron), or to give off light in order to stabilize. Different detectors, for the different types of reactions, may be fitted to an electron microscope, depending on what is being looked for.

The magnification that can be achieved in a scanning electron microscope depends on how narrow the beam of electrons that strikes the surface can be, and can reach 1 nanometer, about the size of 3 to 5 atoms. The control of the beam is achieved using magnetic fields, with other magnetic fields being used to shape the beam, and to move it across the sample. The range of magnification may range from 30x to as high as 500,000x.
The electron beam is affected by air and water molecules, so the sample must be placed in a vacuum. The sample must also be conductive to allow the electrons not reflected or absorbed to be conducted away. This gives some limits on the type of sample that can be used. In the case of samples from plants or animals, it often means that they must first be coated in gold before they can be placed in the microscope. This is done in order to preserve the sample and keep it from changing or decaying throughout the scanning process.
The scanning electron microscope is made up of several components:

1. The electron gun is located at the very top or bottom of an SEM and is used to fire a beam of electrons at the object that we are looking at under SEM.

2. The lenses are used to focus electron beams so that we can get clear and detailed images of the examined object. They are not made of glass, but they are made of magnets that change the path of electrons created from the electron gun.

3. The sample chamber is the area where the specimen of interest is examined under SEM. As the technique is very sensitive, the chamber must be very sturdy and have no vibrations happen. This is to allow for the specimen to be kept very still in order for the SEM to produce good images.

4. The detector is the "eyes" of the microscope. It is able to produce the most detailed images of a specimen's surface. Many different detectors can be used depending upon the information wanted from the sample used.

5. The vacuum chamber is used to keep the electron beam from constant interference from air. The air particles are bad for electron beams in that the electrons would be knocked out of the air and onto the specimen, which will produce bad distorted surfaces of the specimen.

Leporidae

Leporidae is a mammal family in the order Lagomorpha. It has about 60 species of rabbits and hares. The animals of the family Leporidae are called Leporids. The names "rabbit" and "hare" are not names of separate biological groups, but are "randomly" given to different leporid species.


Casimir III the Great

Casimir III the Great () (April 30, 1310 – November 5, 1370) was the King of Poland from 1333 until 1370. He was the son of Wladyslaw I the Short. He was the last king of the Piast dynasty, his daughter Jadwiga having married the Lithuanian duke Wladyslaw Jagiello.

Casimir III is the only Polish king to ever receive the title of "the Great". His reign was a time of prosperity and growth for the Polish kingdom. He focused on the economy and strengthening of the country and not on wars and expansion. He kept peace with the Teutonic Order during his reign, for he knew that Poland was weak and would not survive the confrontation with the knights. Because of that, he focused his attention on the south-eastern borders of the country and expanded there. In 1340, he conquered Red Ruthenia (Lviv along with it) from Hungary. Various trade laws created by him made it easier for Polish cities to gather more wealth. Cracow and Lviv gained in importance during his reign.



Thunbergia

Thunbergia Retz. is a genus of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae, native to tropical regions of Africa, Madagascar and southern Asia. Its members are known by various names, including thunbergias; clockvine on its own usually refers to "Thunbergia grandiflora", while "Thunbergia alata" is often known as Black-eyed Susan vine or just Black-eyed Susan (not to be confused with other flowers called Black-eyed Susan). Orange clockvine is the name of "Thunbergia gregorii".

Thunbergia was named for Carl Peter Thunberg.

The Pillows

The Pillows (or the pillows) is a Japanese rock band made in 1989. They sang FLCL's theme song.




Rio Negro (Amazon)

The Rio Negro is a river which flows through the Amazon rainforest in north-western Brazil, in the state of Amazonas.

It is the largest blackwater river in the world. It is called "Negro" (Spanish and Portuguese for "black") because its waters are colored by particles of humus, which make them look much like tea.

The Rio Negro is the largest tributary of the Amazon on the left-hand side (as it goes towards the sea). It starts in Colombia and ends in the Amazon basin.

Rio Negro has a very high species richness. About 700 fish species have been documented in the river basin, and it is estimated that the total is 800–900 fish species, including almost 100 endemics and several undescribed species. Among these are many that are important in the aquarium trade, including the cardinal tetra.

Castella

Castella ("Kasutera" in Japanese) is a sponge cake produced in Japan. It is made of sugar, flour, eggs, and starch syrup, very common at festivals and as a street food.
It was originally produced in Portugal during medieval times, and when the Portuguese reached Japan they gave some of it to the Japanese nobility. The name is derived from Portuguese "Pão de Castela" which means "bread of Spain".

Mallow, County Cork

Mallow (Irish "Mala" "plain of the rock") is the "Crossroads of Munster" and the administrative capital of north County Cork, in the Republic of Ireland. The Northern Divisional Offices of Cork County Council are in the town.

List of Gumby episodes

This list displays the 7 pilot and all 233 episodes of "Gumby".






Krishnadevaraya

Sri Krishnadevaraya (, , 1509-1529 CE) was the most famous king of Vijayanagara Empire. He ruled the Vijayangara empire at the most important time. He is considered to be one of the great kings of India. Emperor Krishnadevaraya also earned the titles "Kannada Rajya Rama Ramana (ಕನ್ನಡರಾಜ್ಯರಮಾರಮಣ)", "Moorurayaraganda (ಮೂರುರಾಯರಗಂಡ)" (what means "King of three kings") and "Andhra Bhoja (ఆంధ్రభోజ)". Much of our information about his reign comes from the accounts of Portuguese travelers Domingos Paes and Nuniz. King krishnadeva Ray and was the 3rd and the greatest ruler of the Tulava empire 

Paes describes the king's attitude to law and order by the sentence, "The king maintains the law by killing." Offences against property (designed to maintain stability) and for murder ranged from cutting of a foot and hand for theft and beheading for murder (except for those occurring as a result of duel). Paes could not estimate the size of Vijaynagar as his view was obscured by the hills but estimated the city to be at least as large as Rome. Furthermore, he considered Vijaynagar to be "the best provided city in the world" with a population of not less than a half a million.

Paes praises Krishnadevaraya as, “the most feared and perfect King… a great ruler and a man of much justice”. 

The rule of Krishnadevaraya was an age of good literature in many languages. But it is known as a golden age of Telugu literature. Many Telugu, Sanskrit, Kannada and Tamil poets enjoyed the patronage of the emperor. Emperor Krishnadevaraya was fluent in many languages.


Tocantins River

The Tocantins River is a river that flows through the northeastern part of Brazil. It rises in the district with a lot of mountains known as the Pireneus. These can be found to the west of the Federal District. Its western tributary, the Araguaia River, has headwaters very far south on the slopes of the Serra dos Caiapós.

Bukka Raya I

Bukka ಬುಕ್ಕ್ (1356-1377 CE) (also known as Bukka Raya I was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from the Sangama Dynasty. Bukka patronised Telugu poet Nachana Soma.
It is said that Bukka also sent a mission to China during his reign.

Important works of literature were also written during his rule. Dozens of scholars lived under the guidance of Vidyaranya and Sayana. Sayana's commentary on the Vedas, Brahmanas and Aranyakas was written under the patronage of Bukka.



McGill University

McGill University or just McGill is an English language university in Montreal, Canada. It was created in 1821, few years before the country Canada existed. McGill University ranks first in Canada for 16 consecutive years according to Maclean's University Rankings.

Renault Koleos

The Renault Koleos is the second SUV from Renault after the Renault Scénic RX4. It was first presented on the Geneva Motorshow in the year 2000, then on the "Autosalon Paris" 2006. It was designed by Patrick le Quément (chief designer) and developed by Nissan.

This car is 4520 mm long, 1890 mm wide and 1700 mm high and has a weight of 1800 kg.

Beagle

The Beagle is a breed of small to medium-sized dog. It is a Hound, and it has short legs and long, soft ears. Beagles are mostly developed for hunting and finding hare, rabbit, and other kinds of game. They can do this because they can smell well and have very quick instincts. They are also popular as pets because of their good size, sweet temper, and health. Because of their character, beagles are often used for animal testing. 

Beagles can have coats of different colours. Some variations can be three-coloured, orange, red, or lemon, although they are widely known for sporting the three-coloured look (Black, brown, and white). They usually have brown eyes.

Although beagle-type dogs have existed for over 2,000 years, the modern kind came from Great Britain around the 1830s.

Beagles have been included in popular culture since the times when Queen Elizabeth began to rule, in literature and paintings, and more recently in movie, television and comic books. Snoopy of the comic strip "Peanuts" has been picked as "the world's most famous beagle". 

Dogs that look almost the same as the modern Beagle can be traced in Ancient Greece
back to around the 5th century BC. In the "Treatise on Hunting" or "Cynegeticus", written by Xenophon, who said there was a hound that hunted hares by scent and was followed by foot. Small hounds were mentioned in the Forest Laws. If these laws were true, it would be enough proof that beagle-type dogs lived in England before 1016, but it is likely that the laws were written in the Middle Ages for tradition. 
In the 11th century, William the Conqueror brought the Talbot hound to Britain. The Talbot was a white, slow hound. Once, English Talbots were crossed with Greyhounds to make them faster in running. They are extinct now, but once they had made the Southern Hound more popular, which helped the Southern Hound descend to the Beagle.

From medieval times, "beagle" was used as a general description for small hounds, even though they are actually very different from the modern breed. Small breeds of beagle-type dogs were living even from the times of Edward II and Henry VII. Edward and Henry both had packs of Glove Beagles, who were named because of their small size. Also, Queen Elizabeth I kept a breed known as a Pocket Beagle, which stood at the shoulder. It was named so because it could fit in a "pocket" or saddlebag, when they rode along on the hunt. Elizabeth I called the dogs her "singing beagles" and often entertained guests at her royal table by letting her Pocket Beagles cavort amid their plates and cups. Ever since then, it is possible that the name was used to refer to the same kind of small hounds. In George Jesse's "Researches into the History of the British Dog" from 1866, Gervase Markham is quoted referring to the Beagle as small enough to sit on a man's hand and to the:

N. T. Rama Rao

Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao (Telugu:నందమూరి తారక రామా రావు)(28 May 1923–18 January 1996), more commonly known as N.T. Rama Rao, NTR by his fans, or Anna garu, was an Indian movie actor, director, producer, and politician. He founded the Telugu Desam Party and served three times as Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. His movies included mythological, social, and folk themes. He was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in the 1960s for his work in Telugu cinema. After acting, Rao became a political activist and party leader.

Piast dynasty

The Piast dynasty was a Polish dynasty that ruled Poland as first lords in the 10th century, until 1370. Piasts ruled also in Masovia until 1526 and Silesia until 1675.

M-Tram

M>Tram was a tram operator in Melbourne, Victoria. They got a 12-year contract on 29 August, 1999 to run the Swanston Trams franchise, which was later renamed to M>Train. M>Tram stopped running trams in April 2004. Yarra Trams runs all tram services in Melbourne now. M>Tram's slogan was Moving Melbourne.


Scrooge McDuck

Scrooge McDuck or Uncle Scrooge, is a fictional character first appearing in the Disney comic book "Christmas on Bear Mountain". The character was created by Carl Barks and has appeared in many comic books, television shows (most notably in his own animated television series "DuckTales") movies, and video games. Since 1952 Scrooge McDuck has appeared in his own comic book series, called "Uncle Scrooge". He is partially based on the fictional character Ebenezer Scrooge, from Charles Dickens' novel, "A Christmas Carol" and on the real Scottish-born American businessman Andrew Carnegie, whose life story resembles that of Scrooge McDuck. 

Scrooge was born in Scotland in 1867, the son of Fergus McDuck. His family is very poor, so Scrooge emigrates to USA where he finds gold and becomes rich. In 1902 he moves to Duckburg and builds the Money Bin on Killmotor Hill in the center of Duckburg. Over the next years, Scrooge travels the world, learning about many cultures. In 1930, Scrooge became the richest duck on Earth. 

In 1942, Scrooge retires and buys a mansion called the Manor McDuck. In 1947, he invites his nephew Donald Duck and his grand-nephews Huey, Dewey and Louie to spend Christmas at his mansion. His main enemies include the criminal gang called the Beagle Boys who keep trying to steal Scrooge's money, and Flintheart Glomgold, the second richest duck in the world, who tries to destroy Scrooge's wealth and become the richest duck in the world. 

Despite his huge wealth, Scrooge does not like to spend his money, and instead likes to swim in his "Money Bin" full of coins. Although he is well-meaning and cares about his relatives and other people, he reluctantly gives allowance to his grand-nephews, with the condition that they spend it wisely.

Money Bin

Money Bin is a fictional building that Scrooge McDuck owns. The building was constructed in 1902, after Scrooge entered the diamond market.

The building contains all of Scrooge's fortune, which is 'quadrillions' of dollars. The old duck also owns factories, mines, railroads, oil wells and spaceships. 

The building appears on Ducktales, The Life and times of Scrooge McDuck, and Ducktales the movie.

Resurrection Ship

The Cylon Resurrection Ship is a fictional type of spacecraft found in the television series "Battlestar Galactica". The ship is a part of Cylon fleet.

Cylons who are killed have their consciousness downloaded into a nearby resurrection ship. A new body is created for their consciousness. This lets them live again after they die. If a cylon is too far away from the nearest resurrection ship, death will be permanent. With nowhere for the consciousness to download to, they will simply cease to exist.

DIY

DIY or "Do it yourself" is a method of home improvement, where the home owner gets materials and tools for themself, then does the work on their own, without professional help.
DIY can also mean using any skill to do work or a hobby for fun and not hire help. An example is an activity in arts and crafts. A DIY culture is also used in the alternative rock, punk rock, and indie rock music scenes; and in the zine community. 

Bolesław I the Brave

Bolesław I the Brave (Polish "Bolesław I Chrobry") (967 June 17, 1025) was the duke of Poland from 992 to April 18, 1025 and King of Poland from April 18 to June 17, 1025. He was also a duke of Bohemia known as Boleslav IV from 1003 to 1004. He was the son of Mieszko I, first known ruler of Poland.

Boleslav wasn't aggressive as long as his friend - the emperor of the Holy Roman Empire lived. After his death in 1002, Boleslav started the imperial policy. During the chaos in Reich, duke conquered the border areas : Lusatia and Meissen. When finally Henry II took over the German Throne, he accepted annexiation of Lusatia, giving it to Bolslav as a fiefdom, and giving Meissen to his ally - Gunzelin. In 1003 the duke of Bohemia - Vladivoj, died. This death caused intervention in Czechia, where Boleslav put on the throne Boleslav III, that was banished before. In the same year, probably thanks to requests of the Czech opposition, Boleslav (Polish one) put out the Boleslav's (Czech one) eyes and become the Duke of Bohemia himself. He wouldn't like to pay tribute to the German Emperor, like did the Czech dukes, and that was an excuse, that started Polish - German War from 1003 -1018.

We know 7 children of Bolesław I. Two of them, Mieszko II Lambert and Bezprym ruled Poland after his death.


Bo Diddley

Bo Diddley (born Ellas Bates, December 30, 1928 in McComb, Mississippi, died June 2, 2008 in Archer, Florida) was an American singer, guitarist and songwriter. He was one of the original rock and roll musicians; he, along with others, created rock music.

In 1955, he recorded and released his first songs. He is most famous for the rhythm which he has made popular in many of his recordings. The rhythm has become known as the Bo Diddley beat. Some of the most popular songs which feature the Bo Diddley beat include "Not Fade Away" and "I Want Candy", George Michael's song "Faith" and U2's song "Desire". Bo Diddley is also famous for the unusual shapes of many of his guitars, for his exciting stage shows and for his use of female musicians.

Bo Diddley made many appearances on radio, television and in the movies. In 1956, he co-wrote the popular song "Love Is Strange" for the singing duo Mickey and Sylvia.

Some of his most popular songs are: "I'm A Man" (1955), "Pretty Thing" (1955), "Bring It To Jerome" (1955), "Diddy Wah Diddy" (1955), "Who Do You Love" (1956), "Mona (I Need You Baby)" (1957), "Before You Accuse Me" (1957), "Crackin' Up" (1959), "Say Man" (1959), "Say Man, Back Again" (1959), "Road Runner" (1960), "Pills" (1961), "You Can't Judge A Book By The Cover" (1962) and "I Can Tell" (1962).

Bo Diddley often sang simple or amusing songs about himself. Some of these songs are "Bo Diddley" (1955), "Diddley Daddy" (1955), "Hey Bo Diddley" (1957), "Bo Meets The Monster" (1958), "Bo Diddley's A Gunslinger" (1960), "Just Like Bo Diddley" (1989), "Bo Diddley Is Crazy" (1996) and "Oops! Bo Diddley" (1996).

His songs have been recorded by many other popular recording artists, including Aerosmith, The Animals, Eric Clapton, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Dr. Feelgood, The Doors, Buddy Holly, Chris Isaak, New York Dolls, Quicksilver Messenger Service, Rolling Stones, Bob Seger, George Thorogood and The Destroyers, The Who and The Yardbirds.

In 2003, U.S. Representative John Conyers paid tribute to Bo Diddley in the United States House of Representatives when he described him as "one of the true pioneers of rock and roll, who has influenced generations".

In 2005, Bo Diddley celebrated his 50th anniversary in music with successful tours of Australia and Europe and with coast-to-coast shows across North America.

On June 2, 2008, Diddley died from heart failure at the age of 79.



DuckTales

DuckTales is an animated Disney television series. The main characters of the series are Scrooge McDuck and his grandnephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie. The series was originally shown from September 18, 1987 to November 28, 1990. It had a total of 100 episodes. There has been a , a spinoff TV show, and a reboot

"DuckTales" is about the adventures of Scrooge and his nephews. The nephews used to live with their uncle, Donald Duck. They were left with Scrooge when Donald went off to join the Navy.

Scrooge is the richest duck in the world. He has no want for anything. This does not stop him from finding ways to try to get more money. Other common plots deal with him protecting his wealth from villains. In general, there were several different plotlines that were used many times in many of the episodes. Some of these plotlines included:





Somebody is sabotaging Scrooge's ranch when McDuck and his nephews go by plane to Australia. Scrooge, the Manager and MacQuack go by airplane to explore but they are attacked by light swords. Meanwhile, Webby loses herself in the jungle and sleeps on the woods.

The next day, Webby and some animals find an opal mine and discover that the Manager is responsible. The manager wants to buy Scrooge's ranch and become a rich man. Fortunately, Webby and the animals show who is the Manager and Scrooge preserves his ranch. Scrooge asked Webby when, how she made up to captured the bandit, she said "group work".

Scrooge McDuck and Huey, Dewey and Louie go to the Sahara desert to find Aladdin's lamp. Flintheart Glomgold follows them. The ducks find the lamp's vault but Scrooge and Glomgold rub it at the same time. The djinni comes out and because he can't tell who rubbed the lamp first, he decides to have a race between Scrooge and Glomgold. By Scrooge's suggestion, the djinni decides live in Manor McDuck during the race. Once the djinni and the nephews go to the mansion, Scrooge fights Glomgold's tramps (like the villain trying to kill him with a rock avalanche). Scrooge decides to win the race to Glomgold leave his nephews without a dime.

At McDuck's mansion, the djinni starts to like the luxuries of Scrooge's house (because he can eat burgers, swim in the pool and watch TV). He likes it so much that he decides to send Scrooge and Glomgold to back in time so he can live free forever. Because the two billionaires do not know about the time voyage, they continue running when they find a palace. The Sultan, thinking that they are spies of Hemir, decides to give them to crocodiles. But Schewebazade, the Sultan's young wife, saves them and they escape from the palace. The guards follow them and Glomgold go for his count. Meanwhile, the nephews and Webby, who witnessed the evil act of the djinni, put the djinni back in the lamp and let him leave only when he agrees to bring Scrooge back from the past.

At this moment, Scrooge and Glomgold come back to the present-day. Unfortunately, Glomgold finds and explores and make over win the race. Obviously, Scrooge can make over come to Duckburg only to discover that Glomgold won the race. Glomgold's first wish is to send Scrooge to a desert island. Glomgold uses his second wish by mistake to go to the desert island with Scrooge (he said he wishes he could see the look on Scrooge's face face when he gets there). At the island, Glomgold wishes that the lamp was never found in the first place. This puts everything back in time to when the ducks open the vault entrance. The explosion made the lamp fall and despite the ducks can back to Duckburg alive, the lamp stays in the vault as never found.

One night, Scrooge McDuck and Launchpad go back to Manor McDuck. When Scrooge enters the mansion, he discovers that it is his birthday (which is weird because the show depicts it as a summer night whereas Scrooge's real birthday is in the winter or very late fall) and his family prepared a surprise party. Scrooge is unhappy because he is old. When Mrs. Beakley mentions the fountain of youth, Scrooge runs to the library. There he finds a book that talks about "Ponce de Loon", a Spanish explorer who said he found the fountain of youth in Florida.

The next day, in Florida, the ducks are in a tropical forest when they meet an old man who is also trying to find the fountain of youth. After finding a map, the guys find the Fountain of Youth. However, they find out that the fountain only makes their reflection look youthful. Scrooge goes home and realizes that people have to age.

One day, at Manor McDuck, Huey, Dewey and Louie are watching the television show "Ducks of the Galaxies" when Scrooge buys the Duckburg studios, the place where "Ducks of the Galaxies" is filmed. Scrooge tells Gyro to build a toy spaceship, but Gyro builds an real spaceship.

The spaceship sends the Captain, Huey, Dewey, Louie, and McQuack to space where they are captured by aliens. The nephews find out that the Captain is evil. Eventually, Huey, Dewey, and Louie go back to Earth where Scrooge punishes the Captain.

On Valentine's Day, Scrooge tells his nephews and Webby his only love story:

Scrooge and the others go to Klondike where they try to get the lost gold back. Scrooge meets Goldie and their relationship is of hate\love at the end of the episode. Scrooge discovers that Dangerous Dan is the real thief and, when he tries to tell that to Goldie, she discovers a goldmine. Before the episode ends, Scrooge realizes that Goldie did not steal his gold, she stole his heart.

Thirdteen VHS cassettes contaning 26 episodes were released on Argentinina/Chile.
The sets from Germany and the United Kingdom have also been released on Argentinina/Chile. The First Collection came out on September 15, 2012. The Second Collection was released on April 12, 2013. The Third Collection was released on September 14, 2013.

All Grown Up!

All Grown Up! was a Nickelodeon animated television series. It was set in California. It was a spin-off of the "Rugrats" series. The series was about the original Rugrats characters being nine to thirteen years older. It was first shown on April 12, 2003.



Randalstown

Randalstown is a town in County Antrim in Northern Ireland.

One famous person who came from Randalstown is the suspected serial killer John Bodkin Adams, born in 1899.

Connex Melbourne

Connex was a train operator in Melbourne, Australia. They ran all Melbourne railway lines, and took over all M-Train services on April 16, 2003, however Metro Trains Melbourne took over all Connex's services on November 30, 2009. All Connex services used the Metcard fare system.

Official website

Battlestar Galactica

Battlestar Galactica is a science fiction franchise. It includes two separate television series, one sequel series, movies, books, comic books, toy and other merchandise. The series are named after the main spacecraft, the Battlestar (a large type of warship in space) Galactica.

The first series was created in 1978 after the successful theater release of "". The series was shown on the American network ABC. The series lasted for eight months and 17 episodes before it ended. The cost of making the series was said to be one of the reasons for it ending. The series starred Lorne Greene as Commander Adama, captain of the Galactica. Richard Hatch played his son, the pilot Apollo. Dirk Benedict played Apollo's friend and fellow pilot, Starbuck.

In 1980, ABC made the sequel series "Galactica 1980". This series took place after the fleet got to Earth. The series did not do well in the ratings and quickly ended. Several movies were made using edited version of both series.

In 2003, Universal Television along with the Sci-Fi Channel and Sky One created a three-hour mini-series based on the original television series. This series was very well liked by both the audience and critics. This led to the Sci-Fi Channel making it into a series in 2004. After the 2007 season of "Battlestar Galactica", the Nielsen ratings said that over 119 million people watched the series. This made it the highest rated and most watched series on cable networks. Edward James Olmos plays Commander William Adama. Jamie Bamber plays his son, Lee "Apollo" Adama. Katee Sackhoff plays Kara "Starbuck" Thrace. Starbuck was one of several characters to be changed from a male character into a female character.

All of the "Battlestar Galactica" series have the same basic setting. In a far away part of the universe, a civilization of humans live on planets known as the "Twelve Colonies". In the past, the Colonies were at war with a cybernetic race known as the Cylons. With the help of a human named Gaius Baltar, the Cylons attacked on the Colonies. This surprise attack caused much damage to the planets where the humans lived and killed most of their populations. A few thousand of humans did not die in the attacks. They fled into space aboard any spacecraft they could. Of all the Colonial Fleet, the battlestar "Galactica" appears to be the only military ship that was not destroyed in the attack. Under the leadership of military leader Commander Adama, the Battlestar "Galactica" and its crew lead and protect the fleet of survivors into space in search of a fabled Thirteenth Colony and its home planet, Earth.


Black-capped chickadee

The black-capped chickadee ("Poecile atricapillus") is a passerine songbird of the family Paridae. It lives in Canada, Alaska and the northern United States. This is a small, common bird which sings a simple song. 

The bird is about 12–15 cm (5–6 in) long and weighs 9-15 g (0.32-0.49 oz).

The male and female black-capped chickadees look the same. The black-capped chickadee has black and white on its head. The top of the head and throat are black, and the sides are white. It has a short, black beak.

The back of the bird is gray. The front of the body is white and light brown. The bird has short wings and a short tail.

The song of the black-capped chickadee is a clear whistle.

In the summer, the birds eat many insects. In the winter, they eat seeds and berries. They will hide seeds in different places and return later to eat
them. When two chickadees want to build a nest, they use a hole in a tree.

Harihara

Harihara is the deity that combines Vishnu and Shiva. It comes from the Hindu tradition. "Harihara" is also sometimes used as a philosophical term when one wants to speak of the unity of Vishnu and Shiva as different aspects of the same Supreme God. 



Harihara I

Harihara I, (1336-1356 CE) also called Hakka ಹಕ್ಕ and "Vira Harihara I", was the founder of the Vijayanagara empire. He was the eldest son of Bhavana Sangama and was founder of the Sangama dynasty, the first among the four dynasties that ruled Vijayanagara. Immediately after coming to power, he built a fort at Barkuru, on the west coast of present day Karnataka. Kannada inscriptions of his time call him "Karnataka Vidya Vilas" (master of great knowledge and skills), "Bhashegetappuvarayaraganda" (punisher of those feudatories who do not keep their promise), "Arirayavibhada" (fire to enemy kings). Among his brothers, Kampana governed Nellur region, Muddppa administered Mulabagalu region, Marappa oversaw Chandragutti and Bukka Raya was his second in command.

At first he conquered the valley of Tungabhadra River, then he expanded his control to certain regions of Konkan and Malabar Coast. By that time Hoysala Empire had lost its last ruler and Harihara I could gain power.

An inscription of 1346 speaks of Harihara I as the ruler of “whole country between the eastern and the western seas, and the inscription describes "Vidya Nagara" (that is, the city of learning) as his capital.

Harihara I was succeeded by Bukka I who was the most distinguished amongst the five rulers (Panchasangamas) of the Sangama dynasty.


Tibetan people

The Tibetan people () are an ethnic group that is native to Tibet. They number about 7.8 million. In 2014, there were 7.5 million Tibetans living in Tibet and the 10 Tibetan Autonomous Prefectures in Gansu, Qinghai and Sichuan. Large populations of Tibetans live outside of Tibet, in other parts of China, and in India, Nepal and Bhutan.

Tibetans speak the Tibetic languages. Many of these languages are cannot be understood by each other. These languages are also spoken by people in Baltistan, Ladakh, Nepal, Sikkim and Bhutan. The main language among Tibetans in Tibet is the Central Tibetan language.

Most Tibetans practice Tibetan Buddhism. Some practice the native Bön religion. There is a small Muslim minority.

The American botanist Joseph Rock saw the fighting between the Hui Muslim warlord Ma Qi and the Tibetan Buddhist of Labrang monastery. Even more brutal fighting broke out when war between Zhang Zuolin's Fengtian clique happened against the Guominjun warlord Feng Yuxiang in 1925, autumn. The position of Gansu governor was taken by Feng Yuxiang. Only Muslim warlords were left after many of the non-Muslim warlords were expelled by Liu Yufen's Guominjun army of 15,000 soldiers as acting governor under Feng Yuxiang. A huge amount of taxes were squeezed for Feng by Liu Yufen after an earthquake and famine brought about by drought. The in Hezhou a revolt against Liu Yufen was led in Liangzhou by Hui Muslim warlord Ma Tingxing (son of Ma Anliang) in 1928, Spring. Hui, Dongxiang and Salar Muslims were recruited to also siege Hezhou in the army of 10,000 by Ma Zhongying, who was related to Ma Qi. Ma Zhongying's Muslim soldiers were starving and numbered 25,000 by November so that attacked the Tao river valley in the south, slaughtering Tibetan Buddhist monks, burning the palace of the Tibetan Tusi chief king Yang Jiqing, sacking the Tibetan city of Chone and defeated Yang Jiqing's 3,000 strong Tibetan militia. Tibetan areas all across southern Gansu were laid waste to. Tibetan militias defeated Taozhou from Ma Tingxing. The Tibetans inflicted heavy casualties upon Ma Tingxian so he supposed Ma Zhongying's Muslim forces and together they ravaged and destroyed the Taozhou-Chone region destroying and burning Tibetan areas. The Muslims burned the printing presses and temple of the Tibetan Buddhists in Chone. The Muslims then looted the gompa and massacred the Tibetan Buddhist monks of the Labrang monastery after fleeting from Liu Yufen in January 1929. 2 million died in the war as villages and towns across Gansu's south and east were destroyed during the war when Ma Zhongying was fighting as Feng Yuxiang attacked him. The Chone temple and palaces were rebuilt by the Tibetan Tusi chief king Yang Jiqing after the 1928-1929 war. The rebellion was put down by Feng Yuxiang and Gansu became peaceful again until the 1935 when the communist Long March came.


Li people

The Hlai or Li () are an ethnic group living primarily on the island of Hainam, off the southern coast of mainland China and just east of Vietnam. The Hlai are one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the Chinese government.

The Hlai were known to the Sui Dynasty Chinese by the name Liliao. Presently they refer to themselves as the Hlai or Sai people. The ethnic group is called Lí in Mandarin and Lai in Cantonese.

The Hlai people have their own language. Some dialects of the Hlai language are too different from each other for people to mutually understand each other. The Hlai language is distantly related to languages such as Thai, Lao, and Cuengh. The Hlai language did not have a writing system before the 1950s, when the Latin alphabet was adopted. Some to most Hlai people nowadays can understand Mandarin and Hainanese.

Altes Museum

Altes Museum (German for Old Museum) is a museum in Berlin. It is on the Museum Island (Museuminsel) along the Spree River. The museum is made of Greek columns but it is not of Greek origin. It is considered a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It was created between 1822-1830 and holds the Antikensammlung and Münzenkabinett. The Berliner Lustgarten is in front of the museum. 

The Altes Museum was intended to be a royal collection of art and a public museum to educate the people. It was originally called the Königliches Museum. This mission was in line with the educational ideals of Humboldt. Karl Friedrich Schinkel was involved in the planning, and the building was constructed from 1825 to 1828 in neoclassical style. The museum opened in 1830. It was named Altes Museum after the Neues Museum was built in 1845. Originally the commission only included "high art" of Rome and Greece. During Word War 2, the Nazis used the museum in their propaganda. Suffering some damage during World War 2, the building was mostly renovated between 1951 and 1966. 


The Sleepers

The Sleepers is a painting by Gustave Courbet. The painting was made in 1866. In it, two naked women lie on a bed. It is typical of Courbet's later erotic paintings. The painting is done in oil on canvas. It measures 135 cm high and 200 cm wide. It is currently in the museum Petit Palais in Paris, France. The painting is also known as The Dream (French: "Le Sommeil"), or Lust or The Sloth and Friends.

Religion in China

The main religions in China are Buddhism, Chinese folklore, Taoism and Confucianism among many others

Abrahamic religions are also practised. There is a Kaifeng Jewish community living in China. Also, Islam has been historically popular, introduced since the Tang Dynasty. The Hui people and Uyghur people are Muslims.

There are three main existing branches of buddhism: Han Buddhism, Tibetan Buddhism, and Theravada. The first two are in China. They come from the Mahayana.they also practise other religions and also fall under the Hindu religion

Chinese folk religion is a religion that has been practised in China for thousands of years. There are at least 800,000,000 followers of Chinese folk religion worldwide (estimate). Most if not all of these followers are also followers of Buddhism, Confucianism and Taoism, as these three philosophy-religions are major influences of China's folk religion. The influence from and to these three philosophy-religions goes to the extent that some mythical figures from folk culture have merged into those philosophy-religions and vice versa.

Chinese folk religion is made up of a combination of religious practices, including Confucianism, ancestor veneration, Buddhism and Taoism. Folk religion also retains traces of some of its ancestral neolithic belief systems which include the veneration of the Sun, Moon, Earth, Heaven and various stars, as well as communication with animals. It has been practised alongside Buddhism, Confucianism, and Taoism by Chinese people throughout the world for thousands of years.

Daoism, or Taoism, is a philosophy-religion that is at least 2,500 years old. It originated from China and is now widely practised in Korea.

道 Dao, also Romanized as Tao, is the "Force" that Taoists believe makes everything in the world. It is very mysterious, and instead of spending a lot of time trying to explain what the Tao is, Taoists focus on living a simple and balanced life in harmony with nature. This is one of the most important principles in Taoism. Taoists also believe that conflict is not good and that if you have a problem with something, it is better to find a way around it.

Some important Taoists are:

Kim Ungyong

Kim Ung-yong (born 8 March 1962) was a Korean child prodigy. He was able to read and write in Japanese, Korean, German and English before he turned four years old. At the age of four, on 2 November 1967, he answered differential and integral calculus questions on Japanese television, showed that he could speak German, English, Japanese and Korean, and write poetry. Kim was listed in the Guiness Book of World Records under "Highest IQ"; the book guessed the boy's score at "over 200."

Kim was a guest student of physics at Hanyang University from the age of 3 until he was 6. At the age of 7 he was invited to the United States by NASA. He finished his university studies, eventually getting a Ph.D. in physics at Colorado State University before he was 15. In 1974, during his university studies, he began his research work at NASA and continued this work until his return to Korea in 1978.

When he returned to Korea, he decided to switch from physics to civil engineering and eventually received a doctorate in that field. Kim was offered the chance to study at the most prestigious universities in Korea, but instead chose to attend a provincial university.

As of 2007 he also serves as adjunct faculty at Chungbuk National University.




Hikaru

Hikaru (or Hikari) is a adaptation of , a Japanese language "kanji" which means "light" or "shining." It is also a given name. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 


Hikaru Nakamura

In 2011, Nakamura won the Tata Steel Grandmaster A tournament in Wijk aan Zee. His opponents included world #1 and defending champion Magnus Carlsen, former world champion Viswanathan Anand, world #2 Levon Aronian, and former world champion Vladimir Kramnik.

Quickdraw

A quickdraw is used in rock climbing for lead climbing. One end is hooked into an anchor in 
the wall. Afterwards the rope is hooked into the other end. Usually quickdraws are used every few meters. Quickdraws are made of two carabiners connected by a sling. Quickdraws can hold up to 22 kN.
The quickdraw has one straight gate carabineer and one bent gate carabineer. The bent gate carabineer should always be the one clipped to the rope. For leading and top roping at an indoor climbing wall usually a quickdraw is already attached to each of the protection points on the route. The lower carabineer, (the one with the bent gate) should be clipped so the gate is pointing away from the rope and pointing away from the climbing wall or rock face. Doing this will help prevent the quickdraw from twisting the gate into the wall. The rope should run freely through the spine of each carabineer, not along the gate. The spine is the strongest part of the carabineer.

Seedling

A seedling is a small plant that grows from a seed.

David Boreanaz

David Paul Boreanaz (born May 16, 1969) is an American actor. He is best known for his role on the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel". On both of these shows, he played the character Angel. From fall of 2005 to spring of 2017, he has played FBI agent Seeley Booth on "Bones".

David Boreanaz was born on May 16, 1969 in Buffalo, New York. He grew up in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His father is a television weatherman and his mother is a travel agent. He is of Italian descent. The surname Boreanaz is of Northern Italian origin. He was raised Catholic.

Boreanaz went to high school in Malvern, Pennsylvania. He went to college at Ithaca College in Ithaca, New York. After graduating, Boreanaz moved to Hollywood, California to become an actor.

Boreanaz' first television acting job was a single episode on the hit American sitcom, "Married... with Children". He played Kelly Bundy's biker boyfriend. He was cast in the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", after being seen by a producer when Boreanaz was walking his dog. In the series, he played Angel, a vampire with a soul. The series became very successful and Boreanaz starred in a spin-off series, "Angel". This new series gave the character a chance to evolve. It was mainly about on Angel's battle for redemption. He appeared on "Buffy" from 1997 to 1999, at which point he began starring in "Angel", which ran until 2004. Totalling all of his appearances on "Buffy" & "Angel", including guest appearances, Boreanaz has been in more episodes of the 2 series than any other actor.

Boreanaz's only starring role in a major theatrical movie was in 2001's slasher horror movie, "Valentine". This movie also starred Denise Richards and Katherine Heigl. In 2003, he appeared in the music video for singer Dido's "White Flag". He was also the voice of Leon (aka Squall Leonhart) in the video game "Kingdom Hearts".

In 2005, Boreanaz began starring along with Emily Deschanel on the prime time television series, "Bones". He most recently appeared in "These Girls", a Canadian movie in which he played a biker. The movie was first shown at the Toronto Film Festival and the Vancouver International Film Festival. It was later shown in a small number of theaters in Canada in March 2006. His future roles include parts in the independent films "Mr. Fix it" and "Suffering Man's Charity". It is also rumored that Boreanaz will star in the upcoming movie "Jurassic Park 4" which will be released some time in 2008. In that same year, he also voiced Hal Jordan in the direct to video DC Comics animated movie "".

Boreanaz lives in Los Angeles, California. He was married to Ingrid Quinn from June 7, 1997 to October 1999. He married actress and model Jaime Bergman on November 24, 2001. The couple has a son, Jaden Rayne Boreanaz, who was born on May 1, 2002. He and his wife are also good friends with Raven Symone. David attended her 21st birthday in December 2006.


Ocean

An ocean is a large area of water between continents. Oceans are very big and they join smaller seas together. Oceans (or marine biomes) cover 72% of Earth. There are five main oceans: the Pacific Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and the Arctic Ocean.

The largest ocean is the Pacific Ocean. The smallest ocean is the Arctic Ocean. Many types of animals live in oceans, such as carp, crabs, starfish, sharks, and whales.
Different water movements separate the Southern Ocean from the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans. The Southern Ocean is also called the Antarctic Ocean, because it covers the area around Antarctica.

The deepest ocean is the Pacific Ocean. The deep ocean is characterized by cold temperatures, high pressure, and complete darkness. Some very unusual organisms live in this part of the ocean. They do not require energy from the sun to survive, because they use chemicals from deep inside the Earth.

Although many people believe that the oceans are blue because the water reflects the blue sky, this is actually not true. Water has a very slight blue color that can only be seen when there is a lot of water. However, the main cause of the blue or blue/green color of the oceans is that water absorbs the red part of the incoming light, and reflects the green and blue part of the light. We then see the reflected light as the color of water.
Many organisms live in oceans. Organisms that live in oceans can live in salt water. They are affected by sunlight, temperature, water pressure, and water movement. Different ocean organisms live near the surface, in shallow waters, and in deep waters. Small plant organisms that live near the surface and use sunlight to produce food are called phytoplankton. Almost all animals in the ocean depend directly or indirectly on these plants. In shallow water, you may find lobsters and crabs. In deeper water, marine animals of many different shapes and sizes swim through the ocean. These include many types of fish, such as tuna, swordfish and marine mammals like dolphins and whales. The skies above the open ocean are home to large sea birds, such as the albatross.

Nations like Russia and Japan have lots of huge ships that go to some of the world's best fishing areas for many months. These large ships have libraries, hospitals, schools, repair (fixing) shops and other things that are needed for fishermen and their families.

Many people look at the sea as a source of food, minerals and energy.

According to the "FishBase.org" website, there are 33,200 known fish species, many of which live in the oceans. Many of these fish are a fine source of protein, so many people eat them. Fishing industries is very important because they make jobs and give food to millions of people. Today, usually through ocean fishing, the ocean supplies about 2% of the calories needed by people. Tuna, anchovies, and herring are harvested close to the surface of the ocean. Pollock, flounder, and cod are caught near the ocean floor. More than a million tons of herring are caught every year in the North Pacific and North Atlantic, and almost eight fish out of ten fish are eaten as food for humans. The other fish are used as fertilizer, glue, and pet and other animal food.

There are many different ocean temperatures in the open ocean, both vertically (from top to bottom) and horizontally. Icebergs are made over very cold waters at either pole, while waters at the equator are pretty warm. Water cools and warms more slowly than land does, so land influenced by the ocean has later and milder seasons than land that is farther away from the ocean.

The surface part of the ocean, also called the "mixed layer", is not much colder even when we go deeper down. Below this surface zone is a layer of sudden temperature difference, called a "thermocline". This is a middle layer hat is from the surface zone down to about 2,600 feet (800 m). Thermoclines may happen only at seasons or permanently, and may change depending on where and how deep it is. As evaporation happens, it begins cooling, and if the water evaporates very quickly, the water becomes saltier. The salty, cold water is denser, so it sinks. This is why warm and cold waters do not easily mix. Most animals and plants live in the warm upper layer. Below the thermocline, the temperature in the deep zone is so cold it is just above freezing - between .


Work (song)

"Work" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Kelly Rowland. It was written by Rowland, Scott Storch and Jason "Pooh Bear" Boyd and co-produced by Storch and Boyd for Rowland's second studio album, "Ms. Kelly" (2007). 

Following the less successful chart performances of previous singles "Like This" and "Ghetto", "Work" was released during the first quarter of 2008 as the album's second single in most international music markets. The song has since enjoyed commercial success, becoming Rowland's best-charting solo single since her 2002 song "Stole," reaching the top of the charts in Bulgaria and Poland, as well as the top 10 in Australia, Finland, France, Ireland, Malta, Poland, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of "Work."



Eluveitie

Eluveitie is a folk metal band from Switzerland. They started in 2002. Their style is a mixture of "Celtic folk metal" and "melodic death metal". Their style is sometimes called "Celtic Metal". Some of their lyrics are in English. Some of their lyrics are in Gaulish, a language that nobody still speaks as a first language. The band was founded by Christian "Chrigel" Glanzmann. 



They made videos for the songs Inis Mona, Omnos and Thousandfold.


Heaven Shall Burn

Heaven Shall Burn is a death metal band from Saalfelden, Germany. Their music style is called "Deathcore" which is a mixture of "metalcore" and "death metal". Their members are: Matthias Voigt (drums), Maik Weichert (guitar), Alexander Dietz (guitar), Eric Bischoff (bass) and Marcus Bischoff (vocals).



Paranaguá

Paranaguá is a coastal city in the state of Paraná in the south of Brazil. Founded in 1648, it is Paraná's oldest city. Its population was 147,934 as of January 2006 and an area of 826,652 km².

It is known for its excellent port facilities, being the sea port for Curitiba, the capital of Paraná.

The Port of Paranaguá is the sixth largest port in the world, the second largest in Brazil and the largest grain port of Latin America. His territorial extension is 13 km². It is the second largest port in Brazil, but the first in export of grains.

Datura stramonium

Datura stramonium, known by the common names, jimson weed, ditch weed, stink weed, loco weed,Korean morning glory, Jamestown weed, thorn apple, angel's trumpet, devil's trumpet, devil's snare, devil's seed, mad hatter, crazy tea, malpitte, the Devil's balls, is an erect annual herb, on average 30 to 150 cm (1-5 feet) tall with erect, forking and purple stems. The leaves are large, 7 to 20 cm (3-8 in) long and have irregular teeth

Flowers are trumpet-shaped, white to purple, and 2-7 in long.The fruit are walnut-sized, egg-shaped, and covered in prickles, they split into four chambers, each chamber with dozens of small black seeds
http://www.erowid.org/plants/datura/datura_info5.shtml

Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull

Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is a 2008 American adventure movie directed by Joe Johnston. The story of the movie was written by David Koepp and executive producers George Lucas and Steven Spielberg. Set in 1957, this fourth movie in the Indiana Jones movie series is based around an older and wiser Indiana Jones (played by Harrison Ford) against agents of the Soviet Union–led by Spalko (Cate Blanchett)–for the crystal skull. Indy is helped by his former lover Marion Ravenwood (played by Karen Allen), Mutt (played by Shia LaBeouf) and friend Mac (played by Ray Winstone). John Hurt, Jim Broadbent, and Ian McDiarmid also play fellow academics.

The movie was in "development hell" since the 1989 release of "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade", because Spielberg and Ford did not agree over Lucas's choice of the skull as the center plot device. Screenwriters Jeb Stuart, Jeffrey Boam, M. Night Shyamalan, Frank Darabont and Jeff Nathanson wrote early versions, before David Koepp's script was chosen by all three men. Shooting finally started on June 18, 2007, and took place in New Mexico, New Haven, Connecticut, Hawaii, Fresno, California, and at soundstages in Los Angeles. This movie uses more stunts than CGI (computer generated images) so that the movie looks like the rest in the series. The music was created once again by John Williams.

At the beginning of the movie, the U.S Army is doing weapons testing in Nevada in 1957. It is then revealed that the Soviets have taken control of some of the army and shoot some security people dead. A group of Soviet men and agent Irina Spalko then pull Indiana Jones out of the car and make him get an object that he found ten years ago. He finds the box and tries to escape, but his friend Mac turns on him. After escaping, he finds himself in a fake town. The U.S Army then explodes an atomic bomb. Jones gets into a refrigerator and barely survives.

Because Jones was Mac's friend for a long time, the U.S government thinks that Jones might be a Communist. At Marshall College the next day (where Jones teaches), the head dean informs him that he is on a "leave of absence" and that the dean resigned in order to protect Jones. Jones packs his bags and leaves New York. Before he can leave, though, a young man named Mutt Williams comes to him and shows him a letter. Williams says that Harold Oxley, one of Jones's old friends, has been kidnapped. Later, these people kidnapped Williams' mother Mary and will kill them both if the crystal skull cannot be found.

Jones reads the letter and the puzzle and says that Oxley was referring to Cuzco, Peru. Jones and Williams fly down there, where Jones learns that Oxley was put in a jail a couple of months ago. In the prison, Oxley scratched out some drawings. Jones and Williams head to a grave site where they believe Francisco de Orellana lies buried; legend tells that he found the crystal skull but was never found. They find the skull and come up only to find Mac and some Soviets pointing weapons at them.

All of them fly to a new camp in the jungle. Spalko tells Jones that she believes that the skull was made by aliens and that it holds great power. There, Jones finds that "Mary Williams" is actually Marion Ravenwood, his old lover. He also finds Oxley, who is out of his mind, rambling and unable to speak a full sentence. Jones finds out what Oxley is saying. As the Soviets and Jones figure out where to go, Williams starts a fire and tries to get them to escape. Jones and Ravenwood fall in quicksand and start sinking. As they sink, Ravenwood tells Jones that Williams' real name is Henry Jones III and that he is Jones's son. Williams uses a snake to get them out of the sandpit. They are recaptured.

The next day, the Soviets begin destroying the forest as they seek to reach the Temple of Akator, the area Oxley pointed out. Jones gets his ropes loose and takes over one of the cars, starting a long jungle chase. In the end, they find the area, the location where the crystal skull should be returned. Mac rejoins the group as a good guy, but in reality he was still not good, and left little blinking red lights as a trail so the slower Soviets can find where Jones and his party were.

In a chamber tomb, Jones and his party find 13 crystal skeletons, with one missing a skull. Spalko takes the skull away from Oxley and puts it back. The temple begins to crumble. Spalko wants to know everything in the world but she soon knows too much and explodes. Jones and his party start to escape. Jones stops to try to get Mac, but Mac says it is okay and lets himself be taken away. After Jones exits the temple, he sees the temple collapse and reveal itself to be a flying saucer. Back home, Jones becomes the associate dean of Marshall College. He and Ravenwood get married.



Indian Premier League

The Indian Premier League is a Twenty20 cricket tournament in India. The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) began the tournament after a dispute with the Indian Cricket League. The first season of the Indian Premier League began on 18 April 2008. Most Popular League like "India ka Tyohar IPL or Festival of INDIA"

There are ten franchises that field teams to play in the IPL:

Five other teams have played in the IPL but stopped due to different reasons:

Fernando Pessoa

Fernando António Nogueira Pessoa (Lisbon, 13 June 1888 - Lisbon, 30 November 1935), also known as Fernando Pessoa, was a Portuguese poet and writer. 

Pessoa is considered one of the greatest Portuguese poets. He has been compared to Luís Vaz de Camões. 

He was born in Lisbon. His father and younger brother died when he was five years old. When he was seven, he moved with his mother to Durban, South Africa. His writing would be influenced by the English language which he learned there. He lived there until he was seventeen. 

Pessoa wrote poems and other things as if they were written by persons who are not himself in any way. Each person had his own life story, physical qualities, relationship to the others, poetic voice, and point of view. These are called "heteronyms." Pessoa invented at least 72 of these other persons. His three main poets, for example, are described like this: "Alberto Caeiro, a rural, uneducated poet of great ideas who wrote in free verse; Ricardo Reis, a physician who composed formal odes influenced by Horace; and Álvaro de Campos, an adventurous London-based naval engineer influenced by poet Walt Whitman and the Italian Futurists." 

Pessoa died of liver disease at age 47 in Lisbon. His last written words were in English: "I know not what tomorrow will bring".



Gaeltacht

Gaeltacht areas are regions where many or most of the people speak the Irish language. They are in the Republic of Ireland. The largest Gaeltacht areas are in the counties of Kerry, Cork, Galway, Mayo, Donegal, Waterford and Meath. 

At the time of the 2006 census of the Republic of Ireland, the population of the Gaeltacht was 91,862, about 2.1% of the state's 4,239,848 people. The main concentrations of Irish speakers are in the western counties of Donegal, Mayo, Galway, Kerry, and Cork. But in Gaeltacht electoral districts the percentage of Irish speakers is much higher.

Harassment

Harass or harassment is when a person annoys or upsets someone else, usually repetitively. It is done on purpose and makes the target feel scared, worried or sick from fear. These are behaviors that appear to be disturbing, upsetting or threatening.

There are a lot of types of harassment: bullying at school or by neighbors, sexual harassment at work or when someone borrowed money, or racial and religious discrimination. There are laws against harassment in many countries, and employers now have a duty to protect employees from harassment.

Brná nad Labem

Brná nad Labem (German: "Birnai") is a part of city Ústí nad Labem, Czech republic. It is a small part of landscape park České středohoří on the right side of river Labe, and is close to Ústí nad Labem. Its area is about 4,23 km². 

Goodies (song)

Goodies is a song recorded by American singer Ciara and rapper Petey Pablo for Ciara's debut album "Goodies" (2004) and written by Ciara, Sean Garrett, LaMarquis Jefferson, Craig Love and Jonathan Smith. "Goodies" is a combination of hip hop, crunk and R&B. The song's lyrics are about female empowerment and virginity. The protagonist does not want to an object, while performing over a complex beat. The song's protagonist rejects a male's sexual advances, proclaiming that he will never get her "goodies" because "they stay in the jar".


These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Goodies."



Recording 

Credits

James I of Scotland

James I (December 10, 1394 – February 21, 1437) was King of Scots from April 4, 1406, and ruled as King of Scots from May 1424 until February 21, 1437.

He made many economic and legal changes. For instance, he tried to change the Parliament of Scotland to suit English lines. Many of his actions were useful, but they also upset many people. Therefore during the later years of his reign his ability was questioned, but when the king threw a party on February 21, 1437, he was assassinated by a group of Scots led by Sir Robert Graham. He attempted to escape his attackers through a sewer but could not because the sewer was blocked. A wave of executions followed, including the king's uncle, Sir Walter Sterwart and Sir Robert Steward.


Shameless

Shameless is a BAFTA award-winning British comedy-drama television series set in the fictional Chatsworth Estate in Manchester, United Kingdom. Produced by Company Pictures for Channel 4, the first seven-episode series aired weekly on Tuesday nights at 10pm from 13 January 2004. The dramedy which deals with issues related to chav culture in the UK has been accorded critical acclaim by various sections of the British media, including "The Sun" newspaper and "Newsnight Review" on BBC Two.

Stele

A stele is a stone or wooden slab, mostly taller than it is wide, that is built so that people will remember something when they look at it. Mostly it is decorated with the names and titles of the person that is a reminder of. This is inscribed, carved in relief or painted onto the slab.

Stelae were also used as territorial markers, as the boundary stelae of Akhenaten at Amarna, or to commemorate military victories. They were widely used in Mesopotamia, Greece, Egypt, Ethiopia, and, quite independently, in China and some Buddhist cultures, and by Mesoamerican civilisations, especially the Olmec and Maya. The huge number of stelae that survive from ancient Egypt and in Central America are one of the largest and most significant sources of information on those civilisations.

Unfinished standing stones, set up without inscriptions from Libya in North Africa to Scotland were monuments of pre-literate Megalithic cultures in the Late Stone Age.

An obelisk is a specialized kind of stele. The Celtic high crosses of Ireland, Scotland, and Wales are "specialized stelae".The totem pole of North and South America is a type of stelae. Gravestones are also kinds of stelae.

In 2004 the architect Peter Eisenman created a field of some 2,700 blank stelae, the "Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe" in Berlin to memory of the Holocaust.





Qingzang railway

The Qingzang railway (also called Qinghai–Xizang railway, or Qinghai–Tibet railway) is a railway line from Xining, Qinghai Province, to Lhasa in Tibet.

The line includes the Tanggula Pass, at 5,072 m (16,640 feet) above sea level the world's highest rail track and Tanggula Railway Station which is the highest railway station. The 1,338 m Fenghuoshan tunnel is the highest rail tunnel in the world, at 4,905 m above sea level. The 3,345-m Yangbajing tunnel is the longest tunnel on the line. It is 4,264 m above sea level, 80 kilometres north-west of Lhasa.

More than 960 km, or over 80% of the Golmud-Lhasa section, is at an altitude of more than 4,000 m. There are 675 bridges, totalling 159.88 km, and over half the length of the railway is laid on permafrost. The railway which was finished in 2006 is said to not help the people of Tibet.

It takes about 3 days to go from Lhasa to Guangzhou or Shanghai.

Ostrava

Ostrava is the third biggest city in the Czech Republic. It is also the government center of the Moravian-Silesian Region. The town was founded in 1267 and lies in the north-eastern part of the country. More than 300,000 people live there.

Sleep disorder

A sleep disorder is a problem that stops people from sleeping normally. But really what is normal sleeping? There are many sleep disorders, and some of them are very serious. A test commonly ordered for some sleep disorders is the polysomnogram.

Sleep disorders can be put into groups. These groups include:

The most common sleep disorders include:

Changes in life style, such as shift work change or travelling over several time zones, can cause sleep disorders. Some other problems that can cause sleeping problems include:

A sleep diary or log can be used to help diagnose (define) the problem. It can also be used to measure improvements. 

According to Dr. William Dement of the Stanford Sleep Center, anyone who snores and is sleepy in the daytime should see a doctor about sleep disorders.

In case of chronic pain, both the pain and the sleep problems should be treated. Pain can lead to sleep problems and vice versa.

The choice of a treatment for a sleep disorder depends on the patient's diagnosis, his/her medical and psychiatric history, and how she or he prefers to be treated. Medications sometimes work fast. On the other hand, sometimes behavioral treatment of insomnia may give more lasting results.

Kirk Cameron

Kirk Thomas Cameron (born October 12, 1970) is an American actor best known for playing "Mike Seaver" on the television situation comedy, "Growing Pains", and in other television shows and movies. He was the main actor in the "Left Behind" movie series and in "Fireproof". He is also an active Christian evangelist, and works with Ray Comfort on "The Way of the Master". He co-started "The Firefly Foundation" with his wife, actress Chelsea Noble.

Cameron was born on October 12, 1970 in Panorama City, California. His parents are Robert Cameron, a retired school teacher, and Barbara Bausmith, a stay-at-home mom. He is the brother to Bridgette, Melissa, and Candace Cameron, who is played "D.J. Tanner" on the television sitcom, "Full House". He would go to school on the set of "Growing Pains", as opposed to a normal school. He graduated at age 17 with high honors.

Cameron and his wife, actress Chelsea Noble, were married on July 21, 1991. They now have six children, four of whom were adopted: Jack (born 1996), Isabella (born 1997), Anna (born 1998), and Luke (born 2000); and two biological: Olivia Rose (born July 18, 2001) and James Thomas (born April 13, 2003).

Cameron began acting at the age of nine, and his first job was for a breakfast cereal. His first starring role was at the age of ten in the television series "Two Marriages". At this age, he appeared in several television shows and movies. He became famous after being cast as "Michael Seaver" in the 1985 television series "Growing Pains". In the series, Seaver's girlfriend was Kate MacDonald, who was played by Chelsea Noble, Cameron's future wife. Cameron subsequently became a teen heartthrob in the late 1980s, while appearing on the covers of several teen magazines, including "Tiger Beat", "Teen Beat", "16" and others. At the time, he was making $50,000 a week. He was also in a 60-second Pepsi commercial during Super Bowl XXIV.

Cameron went on to star in many movies, for example 1987's "Like Father Like Son", which made a lot of money. His next movie, 1989's "Listen to Me", did not make very much money. When "Growing Pains" ended in 1992, Cameron went on to star in the sitcom "Kirk" which began in 1995 and ended two years later. In "Kirk", Cameron played Kirk Hartman, a 24-year-old who has to raise his siblings. Cameron and Noble also worked together on "Kirk".

Ten years after "Growing Pains" ended, was a part of "The Growing Pains Movie", in 2000, and "", in 2004. Cameron has also often worked in Christianity-related movies, among them the post-Rapture movies "", "", and "", in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams. Cameron's wife Noble also starred in these movies, playing Hattie Durham. Cameron has worked with Cloud Ten Pictures, and has been in several of their movies. He was also in "Fireproof", which was made by Sherwood Pictures. They only spent $500,000 making the movie. Cameron as the main actor, playing Captain Caleb Holt. Though it was a did not cost much money to make, the movie made $33,415,129. Cameron said, "["Fireproof" is] the best work of my life." In 2015 Kirk ( alongside his son James) voiced General Stonewall Jackson in heirloom audio productions adaptation of G.A henty's novel with lee in Virginia

Cameron was once an atheist, but around the age of 17-18, during the height of his career on "Growing Pains", he developed a belief in God, and became a Christian. After converting to Christianity, he began to insist that storylines be stripped of anything he thought to be too adult or racy in "Growing Pains". The cast ostracized him from their activities. They did not attend his wedding, nor was he invited to any of theirs. A decade later, Cameron agreed to appear in "The Growing Pains Movie", where the entire main cast reunited with one another. Cameron said,

Cameron currently partners with fellow evangelist Ray Comfort, training Christians in evangelism. Together, they founded the ministry of "The Way of the Master", which is best known for its award-winning television show Cameron co-hosts. It also formerly featured a radio show known as "The Way of the Master Radio" with talk show host Todd Friel. The radio show was later canceled, and "Wretched Radio" began, hosted by Friel. He, with wife Noble, founded "The Firefly Foundation", which runs "Camp Firefly", an organization that gives terminally ill children and their families a free week's vacation.

Cameron and Comfort were a part in a debate on television with atheists Brian Sapient and Kelly O'Conner of the Rational Response Squad, at Calvary Baptist Church in Manhattan on May 5, 2007. It was moderated by ABC's Martin Bashir and parts of it were played on "Nightline". They debated whether or not there is a God. Some of the people in the audience believed in God, and some did not.

Young Artist Awards
Saturn Award
Golden Globe Awards
People's Choice Award
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards




Get on the Bus

"Get on the Bus" was the third single from girl group Destiny's Child. The song featured rapper/producer Timbaland and is lifted from the original motion picture soundtrack of "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" (1998). It was the second single to be lifted from the soundtrack following Melanie B's debut single, "I Want You Back". Produced by Timbaland, it peaked at number twelve on the UK and Netherlands charts, and at number sixty on the German chart. The single was not commercially released in the U.S. and other major markets, It did receive some minor US Urban radio airplay, peaking at #58 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart. The music video was directed by Earle Sebastian.


South China Sea

The South China Sea is an ocean region in the south of China. It is a part of the Pacific Ocean.

The sea and its islands and reefs are claimed by many nations, including China, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia and Brunei. These claims are in the many names used for the islands and the sea.

The name of the sea as used internationally is "South China Sea." In Vietnam the sea is called ""Biển Đông"" (which exactly means "East Sea").

In the Philippines the eastern part of the sea, right to the west of Luzon island, was commonly called ""Luzon Sea"," with the remaining sea still called "South China Sea." To support its claims on the Spratly Islands and the Scarborough Shoal, the Philippines has named the eastern part of the sea the ""West Philippine Sea"" in 2012. Sometimes, this name is as the name of the sea itself in the country.

The South China Sea runs from Singapore to the Taiwan Strait The sea has an area of around 3,500,000 km². It is located in the western arm of the Pacific Ocean 

It is one of the largest seas after the five oceans. There are hundreds of small South China Sea Islands. As a group, these islands are called an archipelago. 

Some of the bigger islands have people living on them. They are inhabited. Most of the islands are small and uninhabited.


Leo Belgicus

The Leo Belgicus is a map of the former Low Countries (the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Belgium and a small part of northern France). They are drawn in the shape of a lion. The Leo Belgicus that came first was drawn by the Austrian cartographer Michael Aitzinger in 1583. The Netherlands were fighting the Eighty Years' War for freedom at this time.
There were three different drawings. In the most common one, the lion's head was found in the northeast part of the country and the tail in the southeast part of the country. The most famous version is the drawing of Claes Janszoon Visscher. It was made in 1609 when the Twelve Years' Truce was written. The third version was made late in the war. It was made after the freedom of the Dutch Republic was given in the Peace of Westphalia of the year 1648. It is called the "Leo Hollandicus", the Holland Lion, and shows only the province of Holland.

Tebibyte

A tebibyte (TiB) is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices. Tebibytes hold 1024 gibibytes (GiB) or 1,099,511,627,776 bytes. Some people incorrectly call this number of bytes a terabyte, which is actually one trillion bytes, or 1000 gigabytes (GB).

1024 tebibytes make one pebibyte.


Petabyte

A petabyte (PB) is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices. One petabyte holds 1000 terabytes (TB) or 1,000,000,000,000,000 bytes. 

Large organizations use petabytes of storage to hold massive amounts of data. To store this amount of data at home would require about 1000 large home computers. People at home probably do not use petabytes, they would use terabytes (primarily for very large backups), gigabytes, megabytes and occasionally kilobytes.

One thousand petabytes make one exabyte.

There is also already petabyte supercomputers such as Frontier and Summit.

Exabyte

An exabyte (EB) is a unit of measurement for data equal to 1000 petabytes (PB) or a million trillion (1,000,000,000,000,000,000) bytes. An exabyte is large enough that it would take about 250,000 high-end home computers or 1,000,000 average home computers to store this amount of data.

One thousand exabytes make one zettabyte. The largest file currently known (excluding zip bombs) is the CERN Large Hadron Collider (LHC) dataset, and that is only 2 petabytes.

Zettabyte

A zettabyte (ZB) is a unit of measurement for computers of the future. One zettabyte holds 1000 exabytes (EB) or a billion trillion (1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000) bytes, and 1000 zettabytes make one yottabyte. 

A zettabyte is so large that it would take about a million supercomputers (or a billion powerful home computers) 
to store this amount of data.

Yottabyte

A yottabyte (YB) is the biggest unit of measurement for computers of the near future. One yottabyte holds 1000 zettabytes (ZB) or a septillion (1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000) bytes. 1000 yottabytes make up 1 ronnabyte.

Nature's services

Nature's services is a term for the ways in which nature benefits humans. It means particularly those benefits that can be measured in economic terms. Robert Costanza and other theorists of natural capital analysed nature's services to humanity in the 1990s.

The economic contribution of seventeen of these services they calculated to be about US$33 trillion per year, greater than the activities of the whole human economy, which was about US$25 trillion.
This was based on estimated costs of replacing the services nature provides. For that purpose they were compared with equivalent services that are produced by humans. This calculation makes clear that mankind cannot develop without nature's services.

This study is central for the theory of natural capital.

But this study had no great influence on government policy or on WTO, IMF or G8 economic and trade policy.



Signing Time!

Signing Time! is a Canadian children's television show. Produced for Nickelodeon by Nelvana, It teaches American Sign Language to children between the ages of one through eight. It is shown in the United States. It is hosted by Rachel de Azevedo Coleman. It is shown by American Public Television in many cities across the United States.

Sign language can help children's learning ability to grow. With just a few simple American Sign Language signs, babies and toddlers — some as young as nine months old — can show people their needs before they can speak, which may make them have fewer temper tantrums, even if they have disabilities. School-aged children enjoy the benefits of learning a second language. Children with developmental delays or special needs can find their own “voice” by using their hands to talk using sign language.

Signing Time helps children learn through three senses — seeing, hearing, and touching — and reaches children with different learning styles and abilities by making children want to communicate with other people through signing, singing, speaking and dancing.

In the series, songwriter and musician Rachel Coleman, her daughter Leah (who is deaf), Alex (Leah’s cousin who can hear), and their pet frog named Hopkins, who is a cartoon, teach hundreds of useful American Sign Language signs. Children learn signs for words, questions, phrases, movements, colors, sports, days of the week, everyday objects, and activities that are done a lot. Signing Time! makes learning sign language easy for the whole family.

In 1996, Rachel Coleman had a daughter named Leah. Fourteen months after she was born, Rachel and her husband, Aaron, found out that Leah was deaf since she was born. They started to teach her sign language, first with Signing Exact English , then with American Sign Language,so that they could learn to communicate, becoming good signers. Rachel was surprised to see that after six months, Leah's sign language vocabulary had more words than hearing children her age. Rachel's sister Emilie Brown and her husband Derek were teaching Leah's baby cousin, Alex, how to sign, and he learned it quickly also.

A few years later, Rachel had a second daughter. Lucy was born 8 weeks premature, with spina bifida (this means there is a hole in your back when you are born and your spinal cord is sticking out) and cerebral palsy (your brain has trouble controlling your muscles). Doctors worried that, because of her cerebral palsy, Lucy would never be able to speak or use sign language to communicate with her deaf sister, but Lucy started to sign, and later, to speak. Rachel then thought that signing could be beneficial to all children.

Rachel and Emilie decided to make a video for hearing children so that American Sign Language could be made accessible to all children, and started Two Little Hands Productions, their producing company, together.

Rachel hosts the show herself, with her daughter Leah and nephew Alex starring to help teach signs. In My First Signs, Rachel was not going to be in the videos, but she was added to show the signs because Alex and Leah (who were 3 and 4 then) could not sign clearly enough all the time to teach viewers the signs. In the earlier episodes, Rachel did not want to sing and sign at the same time since it causes some problems for those who want true American Sign Language, but customers responded, wanting more songs and wanting to learn signs from them. So, already being a musician, Rachel wrote more songs. Rachel sings a lot of songs during each episode, signing the words at the same time. During an episode, Rachel shows many signs from a certain topic (schools, daytime activities, etc.) and then has Leah and Alex sign—they sign first now—alongside with many other children of different backgrounds. After that, the words are emphasized with song.

The second season has a new layout that includes new signs and more original music. Each program teaches signs from one theme, marked by a theme song, which is taught verse by verse. This lets children develop a comforting knowing of the melody line of each song. It helps to give them a sense of mastery and a feeling like they are actually “with” the characters as they sing and sign along. Also, new parts “ABC Time,” “Counting Time,” “Game Time,” “Story Time,” and “Hopping/Moving Time” look into the episode theme or other skills in a playful way. These segments use teaching methods such as mnemonics (a way to make your memory better), songs, stories, and games, which are good for many different learning styles and abilities by promoting interaction through signing, singing, speaking and dancing.

Rachel is the host of the Signing Time! series. She has spent much of her adult life working in entertainment, performing with her band We the Living. Rachel has picked up the guitar again, writing and performing all of the songs for Signing Time!. She used to sing for her band. Now, she sings for Lucy, Leah, and children everywhere. In addition to starring in Signing Time!, Rachel is also a popular singer, performer, and speaker, and has performed for hundreds of thousands of children all across the country.

Leah Coleman is the person that made her mother want to make Signing Time! Diagnosed as profoundly deaf at 14 months old, she began learning American Sign Language as fast as her parents could learn it and teach it to her. Leah could sign full sentences long before her ‘hearing’ peers could even speak, and because of that, her parents say she never threw a tantrum. Leah is now in fifth grade and loves reading, skating on her “Heelys” and playing with her little sister Lucy. She recently won first place in her very first horse show and got national attention for winning first place in her school Spelling Bee, despite being deaf. Her favorite food is sushi and she loves the color purple. She loves being in "Signing Time!" with her cousin Alex, and teaching ASL to other children.

Alex Brown was in the very first episode of Signing Time! before his third birthday. He learned to sign as a baby so that he could communicate with his deaf cousin, Leah. He is now in fifth grade and loves to ride his bike, rollerblade, make comic books, draw mazes and play with his little brother Zachary. His favorite food is shrimp with shell pasta and his favorite color is green. He is a budding singer and pianist, but he enjoys "playing" the piano more than he enjoys practicing. A native of Salt Lake City, Utah, Alex has also lived in Virginia and California. He enjoys filming "Signing Time!" particularly when he gets to swing on the tire swing or have pillow fights on the set with Leah.

Originally developed as a gecko named ‘Twerp’ (a play on the nickname ‘Terp, for interpreter), “Hopkins” the frog was supposed to be Leah’s ‘voice’ and appear as a gift from Grandma and Grandpa. Alas, since Leah’s speech is developing on her own, Hopkins is now very happy being a little green animated sidekick who loves to swim, paint, lift large pieces of fruit and eat unsuspecting flies. He is proudly named after Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet, who in 1817 established the first free American school for the deaf and hearing-impaired.

All numbers are Signing Time! volume numbers from the official website.





Two Little Hands productions offers a wide variety of fun and educational American Sign Language (ASL) products.


Other items include printed materials including board books and flash cards, "Signing Time!" clothing, and "Signing Time!" music CDs.

Nickelodeon Noggin and Nick Jr. (United States)

Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon (Canada)

Playhouse Disney (Italy)


Wuthering Heights

Wuthering Heights is a novel by Emily Brontë. It was first published in 1847 under the pseudonym (false name) "Ellis Bell". After her death, a second edition was edited by her sister Charlotte. The story is about the love of Heathcliff and Catherine Earnshaw, foster siblings in Yorkshire. It is a classic of English literature, and has been made into movies many times and also a hit song by Kate Bush.


Capitol Hill Baptist Church

Capitol Hill Baptist Church is a Baptist church on Capitol Hill in Washington D.C.. Mark Dever serves as the senior pastor of the church. It is linked with the Southern Baptist Convention.

In 1867 on Capitol Hill, a group of people came together to pray for a church to be started in their area. The church would one decade later become known as the Metropolitan Baptist Church. In 1878, it had 31 members. In the coming years, the church grew. In 1912 the church finished working on the new main hall. Their then current pastor Dr. John Compton Ball oversaw the church membership increase, it numbered in the thousands by 1950. Over the next several years, the membership slowly dropped, and hit a low of around one hundred people, in the early 1990s. In recent years the church has grown to a much bigger church.


Gerry and the Pacemakers

Gerry and The Pacemakers were an English rock and roll group during the 1960s. Like The Beatles, they came from Liverpool and were also managed by Brian Epstein.

Gerry Marsden was born on September 24, 1942, in Liverpool, England. His brother, Freddie, was born on October 23, 1940, in Liverpool. They formed a musical group called "The Mars Bars", with Gerry playing guitar and Freddie the drums. They changed the name to The Pacemakers because the Mars candy company said they would take them to court for using the name.

Les Chadwick (born John Leslie Chadwick) was born on May 11, 1943 in Liverpool. He worked in a bank before joining the band in 1959. He was their lead guitarist, but changed to bass. Les Maguire (born Leslie Maguire) was born on December 27, 1941 in Wallasey, Cheshire. He joined the band in 1960 after the group's piano player, Arthur McMahon, left the group.

The Pacemakers were the second band to be managed by Brian Epstein, who was also manager of "The Beatles. Brian had heard the band at the "Cavern Club" in Liverpool in 1962. Their first three songs in 1963, "How Do You Do It?", "I Like It" and "You'll Never Walk Alone", all went straight to number one on the charts. "You'll Never Walk Alone", first written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II for the musical "Carousel", became the favourite song of supporters of the Liverpool Football Club. They even made a very successful full length movie in 1965 called "Ferry Cross The Mersey". This was based on the song written by Gerry. The song made Liverpool's ferries world famous. Gerry also wrote eight other songs for the film.

The band enjoyed great success between 1963—1966, with such songs as "It's Gonna Be All Right". This time was called the British Invasion because so many British bands were successful. "[Our] songs were happy, the music simple and the lyrics nice to listen to," Gerry said. "We didn't try to change the world."

The group broke up in 1967, and Gerry went on to work as an actor and performer in musical theater. He reformed The Pacemakers in 1972 with prominent Liverpool musicians Jose McLaughlin, Billy Kinsley and Pete Clarke. Gerry wrote a book about his life, "You'll Never Walk Alone", which was published in 1993. Original band member, Freddie Marsden, died on December 9, 2006, at 66 years of age.

Left Behind (series)

The Left Behind series (or just Left Behind) is a fictional book series written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins. The series takes place during, and after the rapture. Besides the best-selling fiction book series, there are also graphic novels, CDs, and a series.

Note: The first three books were written later in time, but are a prequel to the series. 


Note: The first of the books were made into movies starring Kirk Cameron.


Master Chief

Master Chief Petty Officer John-117 is a fictional person. He is the main protagonist of the "Halo" video game series. He is also called Master Chief, or Spartan-117.

Master Chief is a player character in "", "Halo 2", "Halo 3", "Halo 4, Halo 5: Guardians and Halo Infinite". He also is also featured in several novels and other games in the Halo series.

The character is never seen without his green-colored armor and helmet. He is one of the most recognizable characters from Halo. Several action figures of the character are available.

Arrowhead

An arrowhead is point of an arrow, or a shape resembling such a point. 

Arrowheads are found all over the United States. Archaeologically they are usually made of stone: primarily being flint, obsidian, or chert; but in many excavations bone, wooden and metal arrowheads have been found. 

In North America, Arrowheads are sometimes mistakenly attributed to the Historic Period American Indians, but are actually from North America's prehistoric ancestors; some arrowheads date back to over 15,000+ years old (Paleo-Clovis Culture). 

In Scandinavia during the Viking age a wide range of arrowheads were used for a variety of tasks.

Arrowheads are attached to arrow shafts and may be "thrown" (similar to a spear thrower), or fired from a bow.

Stone tool


Obsidian

Obsidian is a natural volcanic glass: it is a kind of igneous rock. It is produced when lava high in silica (SiO) cools rapidly, and solidifies quickly. Because there is no crystal structure, obsidian blade edges can reach almost molecular thinness. They were used as arrowheads, and today they may be used as surgical scalpel blades.

Obsidian is mineral-like, but not crystalline. It is dark in color like basalt. It consists mainly of SiO (silicon dioxide), usually 70% or more.

Obsidian does not last forever. It is metastable: it changes very slowly. Over time, the glass becomes fine-grained crystals. So, no unaltered obsidian is older than Cretaceous age. It breaks down faster when water is present. Obsidian has little water, but takes it in if it sits in groundwater.

Usually dark, the color varies on the presence of different materials. Iron and magnesium typically give the obsidian a dark green to brown to black color. A few samples are nearly colorless. In some stones, small crystals produce a snowflake pattern ("snowflake obsidian"). It may contain patterns of gas which produce effects such as a golden sheen ("sheen obsidian") or a rainbow sheen ("rainbow obsidian").

Obsidian was valued in Stone Age cultures because, like flint, it could be chipped to produce hand axes, sharp blades or arrowheads.

Pre-Columbian Mesoamericans used obsidian often. It was worked for tools and decorative objects. It was also polished to create early mirrors. Mesoamericans also made a type of sword with obsidian blades mounted in a wooden body. Called a macuahuitl, the weapon could cause terrible injuries, because it combined the sharp cutting edge of an obsidian blade with the ragged cut of a serrated edge.

Native American people traded obsidian throughout North America. Each volcano and in some cases each volcanic eruption produces a distinguishable type of obsidian. So archaeologists can trace the origins of a particular artifact. Obsidian can be identified in Greece as coming from different islands in the Aegean Sea. Obsidian cores (unworked lumps) and blades were traded great distances inland from the coast.

Modern archaeologists have developed a dating system to calculate the age of obsidian artifacts depending from the content of water in the object.

Obsidian can be found where high silicate eruptions have happened. There are solid obsidian flows in the calderas of Newberry Volcano and Medicine Lake Volcano in the Cascade Range of western North America, and at Inyo Craters east of the Sierra Nevada, California. Yellowstone National Park has a mountainside containing obsidian between Mammoth Hot Springs and the Norris Geyser Basin. Deposits can be found in many other western US states including Arizona, Colorado, Texas, Utah, Oregon and Idaho. Obsidian can also be found in Armenia, Turkey, Italy, Mexico, Iceland, Greece and Scotland.

Obsidian is used in heart surgery, as well-crafted obsidian blades have a cutting edge many times sharper than high-quality steel surgical scalpels, with the edge of the blade being only about 3 nm wide. Even the sharpest metal knife has a jagged, irregular blade when viewed under a strong enough microscope. When examined under an electron microscope an obsidian blade is still smooth and even. One study found that obsidian produced narrower scars, fewer inflammatory cells, and less granulation tissue in a group of rats.

Obsidian is also used for ornamental purposes and as a gemstone. It possesses the property of presenting a different appearance according to the manner in which it is cut. When cut in one direction it is a beautiful jet black; when cut across another direction it is glistening gray.


Obsidian (disambiguation)

Obsidian can refer to:

Isle of Arran

Arran or the Isle of Arran is the largest island in the Firth of Clyde, Scotland.

With an area of it is the seventh largest Scottish island. Just over 5,000 people live there.

Arran shares with the Hebrides cultural and physical similarities. Arran is mountainous and has been described as a "geologist's paradise".

People have lived there since the early Neolithic period, from which time on there are numerous prehistoric remains.

From the 6th century on peoples from Ireland colonised the island and it became a centre of religious activity. During the troubled Viking Age, Arran became the property of the Norwegian crown before becoming formally absorbed by the Kingdom of Scotland in the thirteenth century.

The 19th century "clearances" led to significant reductions in population and the end of the Gaelic language and way of life.

The economy and population have recovered in recent years, the main industry being tourism. There is diversity of wildlife, including three species of tree endemic to the area. There are regular field trips in the summer by geology and biology students.

The island is sometimes referred to as "Scotland in miniature", as it is divided into "Highland" and "Lowland" areas by the Highland Boundary Fault which runs northeast to southwest across Scotland.

The island is a popular destination for geologists, who come to see intrusive igneous landforms such as sills and dykes as well as sedimentary and metasedimentary rocks ranging in age from Precambrian to Mesozoic.
Most of the interior of the northern half of the island is taken up by a large granite batholith that was created by substantial volcanic activity around 60 million years ago in the Tertiary period. There is an older outer ring of coarse granites and an inner core of finer grained material.

Sedimentary rocks dominate the southern half of the island, especially Old and New Red Sandstone. Sand dunes are preserved in Permian sandstones near Brodick, there are localised outcrops of Triassic rocks, and even some Cretaceous chalk.

Visiting in 1787, the geologist James Hutton found his first example of an unconformity to the north of Newton Point near Lochranza. It showed evidence for his Plutonist theories of uniformitarianism, and about the age of the Earth. This spot is one of the most famous places in the study of geology.

The Pleistocene glaciations almost entirely covered Scotland in ice. After the last retreat of the ice at the close of the Pleistocene epoch sea levels were up to lower than at present and it is likely that circa 14,000 years ago the island was connected to mainland Scotland.

Sea level changes and the isostatic rise of land makes charting coastlines a complex task, but the island is clearly ringed by post glacial raised beaches.

What this means is that the huge weight of ice pressed down the Earth's crust here, and so the beaches were much higher up than now. Gradually, long after the ice melted, the island came back up.

King's Cave on the south west coast is an example of such a raised beach. This cave, which is over long and up to high, lies well above the present day sea level.

There are tall sea cliffs to the north east including large rock slides under the heights of Torr Reamhar and at Scriden ("An Scriodan") at the far north end of the island. The Scriden rocks fell "some two hundred years ago, with a concussion that shook the earth and was heard in Bute and Argyllshire".

Kurud

Kurud is a town found in the center of the state of Chhattisgarh in India.

Germanic paganism

Germanic paganism was a religion. It was a form of paganism. It was practiced in Central and Northern Europe before Christianity came there. The best documented form is called Norse mythology today. The religion was polytheistic, there were many gods. The main ones seem to have been Odin and Thor. Beforehand, the most important one may have been Tyr.

The Germanic gods have affected elements of every day western life in most countries that speak Germanic languages. An example is some of the names of the days of the week. The days were named after List of Germanic deities. In English and Dutch, Saturn was not replaced. Saturday is named after the Sabbath in German, and is called "washing day" in Scandinavia.

Also, many place names such as Woodway House, Wansdyke, Thundersley and Frigedene are named after the old deities of the English people.

More recently, people have created a modern form of Germanic paganism, called Asatru.

Miguel Ángel Asturias

Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales (October 19, 1899 - June 9, 1974) was a writer and diplomat from Guatemala. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1967 for his "Banana Trilogy". He also wrote "El Hombre que lo tenía todo todo todo".

He was very important for literature in his country.



Hindustan

The term Hindustan may relate to various aspects of three geographical areas:

Hindustan can also refer to the following:


Plymouth Colony

Plymouth Colony was an English colony in North America. It existed from 1620 to 1691. At its height, Plymouth Colony occupied most of the southeastern part of the modern state of Massachusetts. 

The first settlement of the Plymouth Colony was at New Plymouth. This settlement served as the capital of the colony. It is today the modern town of Plymouth, Massachusetts. 

Separatists and Anglicans (together, the "Pilgrims") founded the colony. With Jamestown and other settlements in Virginia Colony, it was one of the earliest successful English colonies in North America. It was the first sizable permanent English settlement in the New England region. 

The colony made a treaty with Chief Massasoit. This helped to make the colony a success. The colonists played a role in King Philip's War. The colony merged with the Massachusetts Bay Colony and other territories in 1691. Together they formed the Province of Massachusetts Bay.

Plymouth holds a special role in American history. Many of the Plymouth colonists left England for a place to worship in their own way. The social and legal systems of the colony became tied to their religious beliefs, as well as English custom. Many of the people and events surrounding Plymouth Colony have become part of American folklore. These include Thanksgiving and Plymouth Rock.



Open proxy

An open proxy is a proxy server which any Internet user can use. Generally, a proxy server allows users within a network group to store and forward Internet services such as DNS or web pages, so that not as much bandwidth is used and it is more controlled. With an "open" proxy, however, any user on the Internet is able to use this forwarding service.

By using some open proxies ("anonymous" open proxies), users can hide their true IP address. Anonymous open proxies will also make the user more anonymous and secure when browsing the web or using other internet services: a user's true IP address can be used by a hacker to get information from the user's computer.

Sometimes people will abuse open proxies, and so they are often seen as a problem. Using open proxies can be sometimes dangerous as person providing them can be collecting user information.


Zombie (computing)

A zombie computer (often shortened as zombie) is a computer attached to the Internet that has been compromised by a hacker, a computer virus, or a trojan horse. 

Generally, a compromised machine is only one of many in a botnet, and the hacker will make the computer do unwanted things from far away. Most owners of zombie computers do not know that their system is being used in this way. Because the owner tends to not know, these computers are compared to zombies.

Rapture

The Rapture (meaning "to carry to another place") is a future event in Christian theology where Jesus Christ will return to Earth to bring his followers to Heaven. In Christianity it is believed that following this amazing event, the world will go through what is called "the tribulation". Then later following, will come the "millennium" (a thousand years).

The "tribulation" (or the "great tribulation") is supposed theory of a period of time somewhere around the "rapture", where the Antichrist comes to power and controls the world. It is not entirely agreed among Christians whether the rapture occurs before (Pre-tribulation view), in the middle of (Pre-wrath view), or after the end of (Post-tribulation view) the tribulation, but most Christians seem to hold a Pre-tribulation view. Most Christians agree that the period lasts around seven years.

The "Millennium" is the period following the "rapture", and the "tribulation", that Christians believe they will live in glory on the Earth. They also believe that Jesus Christ will be in total control over earth for "1,000" years (a millennium). 

In 1950, the novel "Raptured" by "Ernest Angley" was published, and in 1995, the first of the Left Behind series was published. These and other books have made the story of the "rapture" and the "tribulation" popular.

The "Rapture" story has been retold in many movies. The most well-known production company is Cloud Ten Pictures. Which have created the "Left Behind film series" (Left Behind: The Movie, , and ), as well as several other movies. Some other notable end times movies are A Thief in the Night and The Omega Code.


Zeeland

Zeeland (also called Zealand) is a province in Netherlands. It is on the south-western part of the country. About 391,000 people are living in Zeeland (2023).

Zeeland is a good example of land partly reclaimed from water or marshes. It is a large river delta at the mouth of several major rivers. 

Most of the province lies below sea level and was reclaimed from the sea. What was a muddy landscape, flooding at high tide and reappearing at low tide, became a series of small man-made hills that stayed dry. The people of the province connected the hills by making dikes. This made a chain of dry land which grew bigger, and gave the province its present shape. 

The North Sea flood of 1953 swamped vast amounts of land. Building the protective Delta Works also changed the face of the province. Dams, tunnels and bridges are a vital part of the province's road system. The final touch to this process came in 2003 when the Western Scheldt Tunnel was opened. It was the first solid connection between both banks of the Western Scheldt and ended the era of water separating the islands and peninsulas of Zeeland.

Location of the municipalities of Zeeland.

Edo period

, also called the Tokugawa period (徳川時代 "Tokugawa-jidai"), is the time between 1600 and 1868 in the history of Japan. During this long time Japanese society was ruled by the Tokugawa shogunate and the country's 300 regional feudal lords.

These years come after the Azuchi-Momoyama period, and before the Meiji Restoration and the development of modern Japan.

The Tokugawa shogunate was established at Edo in 1603 by the shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu. The period was marked by the influence of neo-Confucianism and Shinto. The 15th and last shogun was Tokugawa Yoshinobu.

The period ended with the Meiji Restoration, which was the restoration of imperial rule. The Edo period is also known as the beginning of the early modern period of Japan.

In 1600, the Battle of Sekigahara establishes a context for the next two centuries. Tokugawa Ieyasu defeats a coalition of daimyo and establishes hegemony over most of Japan.

In 1868, Tokugawa Yoshinobu resigns, the Tokugawa shogunate ends. This marks the end of the Edo period. Emperor Meiji establishes his Imperial capital in Edo, which is renamed Tokyo ("eastern capital").

In the Edo period, Japan developed very much economically, and accumulation of the capital became the driving force of the economic development after the Meiji Restoration.

Because many daimyos stayed at the inn along the highway by daimyo's alternate-year residence in Tokyo, the circulation of the economy became active.

And due to the stable economy, Japanese special culture such as Nou or Kabuki or Ukiyoe had also developed very well.

The Shogunate instituted a foreign policy of isolationism.

Therefore trade relations carried out by the Shogunate are only in Nagasaki, and the Netherland in Dejima.



Graduation (album)

Graduation is the third studio album by American hip hop recording artist and producer Kanye West. It was released on September 11, 2007 on Roc-A-Fella Records. It is also West' last album to be influenced by a college theme in both the albums title and artwork.

"Graduation" received general acclaim from music critics.

<br>

Credits adapted from liner notes.


Savior

Savior (or Saviour) refers to a someone who has saved another from danger. It can also refer to someone who has helped people achieve Salvation. Many religions have a Savior, though the way they use the idea varies. 

Christianity's savior is Jesus, the Christ.(Gospel of Matthew 1:21) In Judaism, Jesus is not considered a savior. They believe that the Messiah, their own concept of a savior, has not yet come. In Islam, their savior is Mahdi. In Hinduism, Shiva, Vishnu, and Devi are referred to as saviors.

Pebibyte

A pebibyte (peta binary byte, abbreviated PiB) is a large unit of measurement of bytes (computer memory). 
1 pebibyte = 2 bytes = 1,125,899,906,842,624 bytes = 1,024 tebibytes. It is related to the petabyte which is 10 bytes.

1024 pebibytes make one exbibyte.

Exbibyte

An exbibyte (EiB) is a large unit of measurement for computers of the future. Exbibytes hold 1024 pebibytes (PiB) or 1,152,921,504,606,846,976 bytes. The exbibyte is closely related to, but not the same as, the exabyte.

1024 exbibytes make 1 zebibyte.

Okrouhlička

Okrouhlička is a small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 199 people live there. It covers 6,84 km². Okrouhlička was first documented in 1307.

Water buffalo

Water buffaloes are a kind of bovine. There are Wild Asian Water Buffaloes and domestic buffaloes or domestic Asian water buffalo. They are bred in Asia, South America and in Southern Europe. They were bred from the Wild Asian Water Buffalo, which is now an endangered species.

Today, these buffaloes are used for their milk, which has more fat than that of cows. The milk is processed to make Mozzarella, and curd. Feral populations are sometimes used to manage uncontrolled growth of vegetation around wetlands. They will simply graze it off. This keeps such bodies of water usable by birds and other wildlife.

Females normally give birth to calves every other year. Young bulls usually stay with herds of mothers, which have about 30 buffalo, for three years after birth. They then go on to form small all-male herds.

Water buffalo have been kept by humans for more than 5,000 years. They have helped humans with their meat, horns, hides, milk, butterfat, and power, plowing and transporting people and crops.

Wild water buffalo are endangered. They live only in a small number of protected areas in countries like India, Nepal, Bhutan, and Thailand.

Lípa (Havlíčkův Brod District)

Lípa is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 1024 people live there. It covers 14,7 km². Lípa was first documented in 1351.

Věžnička

Věžnička is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 116 people live there. It covers 4.51 km². Věžnička was first documented in 1502.

Kamenná (Jihlava District)

Kamenná is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 171 people live there. It covers 6,33 km². Kamenná was first documented in 1308.

Větrný Jeníkov

Větrný Jeníkov is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 582 people live there. It covers 12,22 km². Větrný Jeníkov was first documented in 1226.

Florida State University

Florida State University is a school in Tallahassee, in the north part of Florida, U.S.A. It is one of the two most important public universities in Florida, together with the University of Florida. More than 40,000 students go to school there, usually starting after high school (secondary school) at an age of about 18 years. About 9,000 of the students already have a degree (diploma) from college, and are learning even more, to earn an advanced degree.

The University is made up of 16 colleges: Arts and Sciences; Business; Communication; Criminology and Criminal Justice; Education; Engineering; Human Sciences; Information; Law; Medicine; Motion Picture, Television and Recording Arts; Music; Nursing; Social Sciences; Social Work; and Visual Arts, Theatre and Dance.

Florida State University is more than 150 years old. The fees to attend the school (tuition) in 2006 were $3,175 for people from Florida and $16,306 for people from other places, for each term (about 4 months).

Their athletics program, the Seminoles have 17 varsity teams and have claimed 3 national championships (1993, 1999, 2013) in football.


1989 Tiananmen Square protests

The 1989 Tiananmen Square protests were protests in April and June of that year. China calls this the June Fourth Incident, but to most of the world it is the Tiananmen Square massacre . It was part of the Revolutions Of 1989 during the end of the Cold War .

The Tiananmen Square protests were student-led demonstrations calling for democracy, free speech and a free press in China. There were other protests on Tiananmen square in 1919 and 1976. The protests of 1989 were organised by groups of students, intellectuals and labour activists. There was no common cause or leadership in the protests. However, most protesters did not like the way the Communist party of China ran the economy. Some people also wanted a change towards more democracy. Most people protested on Tiananmen Square in Beijing, but some also did in other cities, like Shanghai. The protests in cities other than Beijing stayed peaceful.

On June 4, 1989, the government used force to end the protests. This left many people injured or dead. The exact number is not known today. The Chinese government speaks about 200 - 300 victims, the "New York Times" says there were between 300 and 800, and the Chinese Red Cross talks about 2,000 - 3,000.

The official Chinese position on the events was that the protests needed to be dispersed in order not to harm the stability of the country.

Many of the scenes were shown around the world over western media (the most famous image is that showing a man standing in front of a file of tanks in the middle of the square).

The protests had various causes. The corruption of the Communist Party was a main issue. The control of the economy was working badly. The country was poor, and city dwellers got the worst of it.

Ironically, this all happened under the rule of Deng Xiaoping. He was Mao Zedong's successor in 1978 and launched the economic reforms. These reforms helped life for farmers and people who lived in the countryside, but was bad for city dwellers. Intellectuals, students, and industrial workers, feared unemployment rising and social problems. They felt disenfranchised. This means people felt they could do nothing about these problems.

When reformer Hu Yaobang suddenly died of a heart attack on (15 April 1989), students reacted strongly. Hu's death provided the reason for students to gather in large numbers. In university campuses, many posters appeared eulogizing Hu, calling for a revival of Hu's legacy. Within days, most posters were writing about broader political issues, such as freedom of the press, democracy, and corruption.

It is said this was one of the largest specific-purposed, overcrowded demonstrations there has been in all of modern history.

After 1989, memorials have traditionally been held every year to honor the June 4, 1989 student-led pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square. 

In 2019, there were months of anti-government protests in Hong Kong, which is a partly independent Chinese territory. The 2019 protests led Beijing to approve a national security law in Hong Kong in 2020. Under the law, anyone believed to be involved in terrorism or the weakening of state power could be tried and face life in prison.

In 2020, China banned the annual ceremony for the first time in 30 years. Police said the ban was needed for public health reasons related to COVID-19, but critics say the ban is part of ongoing measures to stop political dissent. More than 12 activists first attended the June 4 ceremony despite the ban and thousands came later. The crowds broke through barriers set up around Victoria Park to light candles and sing songs. Police later arrested over 20 activists, including leaders of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements of China, the group that organizes the yearly ceremony.


Evangelism

Evangelism is the Christian practice of preaching about Jesus Christ to both Christians and non-Christians. The purpose of most "evangelism" is to help others receive eternal (forever) salvation to people who have not heard of, or have denied God. "Evangelism" is done in obedience to the Great Commission, a command from Jesus to his disciples to convert others, as recorded in the New Testament

Christians who are superior at "evangelism" are known as evangelists, whether in their areas or to far away places. Some Christian traditions consider "evangelists" to be in a leadership position, and they may be found preaching to large meetings.

Charles Finney was an evangelist in the 19th century. He was a leader in the Second Great Awakening, a time when many in America came to the Christian faith. Dwight L. Moody preached in the last half of the 19th century and also started a Christian school, the Moody Bible Institute. Aimee Semple McPherson preached in the 1920s and 1930s. In the middle years of the 20th century Festo Kivengere, an Anglican Bishop preached in Africa with great results. A prominent evangelist in the 20th century was Billy Graham. His son Franklin Graham followed him, preaching in the 21st century. Reinhard Bonnke (1940-2019) was an evangelist, largely in Africa. He preached to as many as 100,000 persons at a time. Many missionaries are evangelists, although missionaries also have done other work to promote their faith.












Although most Christian denominations perform some sort of evangelism, Evangelical and Pentecostal denominations are very focused on this issue.

Southern Baptist Convention

The Southern Baptist Convention (SBC)] is a United States-based Christian denomination. While most of the churches that make up the SBC are in the USA, some are outside of the USA. The Convention began in the Southern United States, it is now "in name only" that the denomination is Southern and more members are in that region other regions. The name "Southern Baptist Convention" refers both to the denomination and to its annual meeting of members. They split from the northern Baptists in 1845 over the slavery question. At the time, the SBC was against ending slavery. In 1995 the SBC apologized and denounced slavery as evil and sinful. Some Southern Baptists refer to the convention as the Great Commission Baptist Convention, which the denomination also accepts. 

The Southern Baptist Convention is the largest protestant denomination and has many avenues of ministry, including but not limited to compassion ministries such as Disaster Relief and children's homes, seminaries for training and equipping men and women for ministry and theological/philosophical education, the International Mission Board and North American Mission Board equipping and sending missionaries to spread the Gospel and seek the lost and glorify God. The SBC is different from other denominations as it respects and upholds each individual church's right of autonomy. This means the SBC has no jurisdiction, power, or direct influence on how a state convention, local association, or church operates. In fact, the SBC is the only denomination operating with a bottom-to-top leadership and voting style. Each church sends messengers (voters) to the associational meeting (if applicable), state convention, and the meeting of the SBC. One of the goals of this style of operation is to keep everything clear, above reproach, and (above all) biblical. 


Times Square

Times Square is a section of Manhattan, New York City. It is a major center for tourism, show business and commerce. The square is at the meeting point of Broadway, 7th Avenue and 42nd street. One of the biggest stations in the New York City Subway system is under Times Square. The well-known city street area is probably most famous for its New Year's Eve ball drop that happens every year. It is one of the most famous sights of New York.

When Dutch people first came to Manhattan, there were three small streams. They came together near what is now 10th Avenue and 40th Street. These three streams were part of a big stream called the "Great Kill" (Dutch: "Grote Kill"). From there the Great Kill went through the low-lying Reed Valley, known for fish and other water animals. Its end was a deep bay in the Hudson River at present-day 42nd Street. People lived in a small area named Great Kill, where carriages were made. The higher land to the south and east was called Longacre.

When the American Revolution was happening, John Morin Scott owned the land. Scott was in the army, which was led by George Washington. During the early 1800s, John Jacob Astor bought the land, then built houses and hotels for the rich on the land. By 1872, carriages were mainly made in Longacre. The city government named the area Longacre Square after Long Acre, a place in London where carriages were also made. Soon after, Broadway theaters were created around Longacre Square.

In 1904, "New York Times" moved to a new building on 42nd Street at Longacre Square. Under there, a New York City Subway station was built. The area has been called "Times Square" since April 8, 1904. The square took its name from the newspaper. In 1913, the "Times" moved again. The old Times Building, One Times Square, is best known for the Times Square Ball drop that happens every December 31.

Since 1913, the Lincoln Highway, the first road across the United States, has ended in Times Square. During the early 20th century, theatres, music halls, and very fancy hotels were built here. People called the area "The Tenderloin" because many people wanted to come to Times Square. Still, there were some gangsters in Times Square.

By the 1930s, Times Square was becoming a bad place to visit.

By the 1960s, "The New York Times" said that 42nd Street in Times Square was "the 'worst' [block] in town", By 1984, 2,300 crimes happened in Times Square; 460 were very bad crimes like murders. The NYPD did not help to get rid of the crime in Times Square. People moved out of Times Square, and it became empty.

In the 1980s through the mid-1990s, Rudolph Giuliani cleaned up the area. People did not want to go to Times Square in the 1970s. Giuliani got rid of prostitutes and drug dealers, and put in Disney stores and other places that tourists wanted to go.

There are many big signs on buildings in Times Square. There are as many big signs in Times Square than in Las Vegas.

After the September 11, 2001 attacks, more than seven thousand police officers came to Times Square. Before, there were only 3,500 officers.

On March 6, 2008, a bomb went off in Times Square. No one was hurt. On May 1, 2010, another bomb was found in Times Square, and everyone was asked to leave. The bomb did not go off.

On February 26, 2009, Mayor Michael Bloomberg closed Broadway to cars for a year. On February 11, 2010, Bloomberg said that Broadway in Times Square would be closed to cars forever.

Starting in February 2011, New York City stopped people from smoking in Times Square.

Times Square is the most visited place in the world. 360,000 people come here in a day, and 131 million visit Times Square in a year.

Even if people who live here are not counted, Times Square is the second most visited place in the world, behind the Las Vegas Strip. Because of the high number of visitors, Times Square gets $4.8 billion per year from stores, hotels, and attractions. In fact, 22 cents out of every dollar spent by visitors to New York City is spent within Times Square.


FutureSex/LoveSounds

FutureSex/LoveSounds is the second solo studio album by American pop singer Justin Timberlake. It was released on September 12, 2006 through Jive Records and Zomba Records. Timberlake started the FutureSex/LoveShow tour in support of the album in January 2007. He worked with several notable producers including: Danja, Rick Rubin, Timbaland and will.i.am. The album originally sold slightly more than his first solo album, "Justified", with worldwide sales in excess of 9 million, 4 million of which have been sold in the United States alone. As of February 2018 the album has sold over 15 million units CSPC.


Disc 1

Disc 2<br>
DVD<br>

Dilemma (song)

"Dilemma" is the 2002 hit single by the rapper Nelly. The song featured Kelly Rowland from Destiny's Child. It was released from the 2002 album "Nellyville". "Dilemma" was Kelly Rowland's first international solo song away from Destiny's Child. She had previously appeared on Avant's "Separated", which was released in the United States only. It was also the first single from her debut album "Simply Deep". It is based melodically on and uses lyrical elements of Patti LaBelle's "Love, Need and Want You" from her 1983 album "I'm In Love Again". LaBelle also plays a part in the music video, as Kelly Rowland's mother. Kelly Rowland's part in "Dilemma" was originally offered to Christina Aguilera, but Aguilera declined the offer. Two years later, Nelly approached Aguilera once again for the recording of "Tilt Ya Head Back", a critically-acclaimed but less successful track (in terms of the Billboard Hot 100 chart) on Nelly's later album "Sweat".


"Side A"

"Side B"



Bring Me to Life

"Bring Me to Life" is the first single from Evanescence's multi-platinum first album "Fallen". At the 2004 Grammy Awards the song won the award for Best Hard Rock Performance.

The single for "Bring Me to Life" was released shortly before Evanescence's debut album "Fallen". These are two of the most widely available versions of the single; other, mainly localized, versions have also been released worldwide.



Charybdis

Charybdis is a sea monster in Ancient Greek mythology. It was said that she was a daughter of Poseidon and that when she breathed in and out the sea would rise and fall. She was also the sister of Scylla.When angry she would turn into a whirlpool and suck in anything within half a mile

Scylla

Scylla was a sea monster in Greek mythology. She was said to be the daughter of Poseidon. Scylla was a water dwelling version of the Hydra and the sister of Charybdis.

Some myths explain Scylla's beginnings. One of them says she was one of the daughters of Phorcys the Greek God of the Deep. Another says that Scylla was a very pretty fairy who was liked by Poseidon, but the jealous Amphitrite turned her into a monster by poisoning the water of the place where Scylla would swim.

One says that a jealous Circe poured a potion into the sea water and then made Scylla transform into a monster with four eyes and six long necks with ugly heads. Her body had 12 tentacle looking legs and a tail. She attacked the ships of nearby people.

In another myth, Heracles (also known as Hercules) came across Scylla when traveling and then killed her. The sea-god Phorcys, then restored her to life.

Going commando

Going commando means wearing no underwear. 

People have many different reasons for going commando. Some people do it to feel comfortable. Other people do it because their culture (the group they grew up with) does not have underwear. ‘Going commando’ refers to wearing no underwear but still wearing clothes on your bottom half (trousers etc).

In women, going commando might reduce the risk of developing yeast infections associated with warm damp environments. Tight underwear or undies that aren't from cotton can retain moisture in the genital area and makes it susceptible to bacteria. Nonetheless, there's no research on whether 'going commando' reduces yeast infection. In general, loose fitting and cotton undies should be worn.

Smurfette

Smurfette is the main protagonist in "The Smurfs" franchise. She is the only female smurf in The Smurf Village. Most of the other smurfs like her because of her beauty. She is not the smartest smurf. Often she gets caught in traps while looking at herself in the mirror. She does not seem to have an attraction for many of the other smurfs.

Later other female smurfs appeared, although it is unclear how they came into being.

Smurfette usually wears a white dress, white shoes, a Smurf hat and white panties under her dress (her panties are shown in every Smurf movie for a brief amount of time and a few times in the cartoon series), but in the comic book story "You Don't Smurf Progress", Smurfette is shown wearing her pink lingerie, and people speculate that she also owns a few frilly panties (due to her personality), but it is still unknown if she actually does or not.

Smuggler's Run

Smuggler's Run released in Japan as is an early video game developed by Angel Studios (now Rockstar San Diego) and published by Rockstar Games for the PlayStation 2 console. In the game you drive multiple vehicles including trophy trucks, SUVs, and cars. The game is rated T for teen and you can hit cops and animals but they will not die.

One sequel to the game was produced: "Smuggler's Run 2", which was released for the Sony PlayStation 2 on October 30, 2001. The game was later ported to the Nintendo GameCube on August 7, 2002 and renamed "Smuggler's Run: Warzones".

The original "Smuggler's Run" is now a part of the Sony Greatest Hits series of games that have reached a particular sales milestone for the Sony PlayStation 2.

In the game you are a drug and weapons smuggler battling against rival factions. You must completed objectives such as drop offs, races, and smash-up derbies. This game is been questioned because it is very repetitive.

Although some reviews criticize the game for being repetitive and frustrating, the overall response was positive. It achieved an average score of 79/100 on review aggregator Metacritic.

In Japanese versions, there are no cars, peoples, or animals on the stage.


My Gym Partner's A Monkey

My Gym Partner's a Monkey is a show on Cartoon Network. It is about a human boy named Adam Lyon who used to go to a normal human school but the principal says he is an animal because he spelled "Lyon" with an "i". He then goes to Charles Darwin Middle School (named after the scientist Charles Darwin) and he makes friends with the animals at the school.


Systems science

Systems science is the interdisciplinary field of science, that studies the principles of systems in nature, in society and in science itself.

Types of systems science are systems theory, cybernetics and chaos theory, and all kinds of similar sciences.

The aim of systems science is to develop interdisciplinary foundations for all science. This foundation is used in a variety of areas, such as engineering, biology, medicine and social sciences.


Systems theory

Systems theory is the study of the nature of systems in nature, society, and science. More specifically, systems theory is a framework to analyze or describe any group of things which work together to produce some result. This can be a single organism, any organization or society, or any electronic, mechanical or informational artifact. 

Systems theory as a technical and general academic area of study. It was founded by Ludwig von Bertalanffy and others in the 1950s. 


Emotion (song)

"Emotion" was remade by R&B group Destiny's Child in 2001, it was produced and arranged by Mark J. Feist. The song is a remake of Emotions by the Bee Gees and Samantha Sang.

McDonaldland

McDonaldland is a fictional universe made by McDonald's. The first character Ronald McDonald was made in 1963, and they created McDonaldland as a place for him and his friends to live. Ronald's usual friends are Grimace, The Hamburgler, and Birdie the Early Bird. Other people in McDonaldland include Mayor McCheese, Officer Big Mac, the McNugget Buddies, and the Happy Meal Gang.

In the 1970s and 1980s McDonald's had to change Mayor McCheese and Officer Big Mac, because they were too similar to another fictional world called "H.R. Pufnstuf". People thought that McDonaldland got cancelled, but McDonald's was just trying to fix it by bringing in creative people from studios like SEGA and Klasky Csupo. The McDonaldland characters have slowly returned, and were even featured as Funko Pop figures in 2019 and 2021.

Atlético Madrid

Club Atlético de Madrid is a Spanish football team from Madrid, the capital city of Spain, that play in La Liga. They are managed by Diego Simeone and they play their home games at the Wanda Metropolitano. They have had famous players like Álvaro Morata, Antoine Griezmann, Kieran Trippier, Jan Oblak, and Renan Lodi. 

In the number of titles, Atlético Madrid is the third most successful club in Spanish football, behind Real Madrid and Barcelona.

Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid are city rivals, because both are from Madrid. They compete each year in what is called the "Madrid Derby". Until recently, Atlético Madrid had struggled in the derby, carrying a 14-year winless streak into the 2012–13 season. This ended on 17 May 2013 after Atlético beat their city rivals Real Madrid 2–1 at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in the final of the 2012-13 Copa del Rey.



Buttocks

The buttocks are two parts of the body. They are on the back of the pelvic area and give padding when people sit. They can also arouse human sexuality.

Buttocks are formed mainly from two large muscles on each side. These are the "gluteus maximus" and the "glutius medius". They go from the hip to the top of the leg, so they are not there just for decoration. The role of the buttocks in sitting and in sexual arousal are secondary functions in our species.

In some African populations, the buttocks look bigger because of extra fat. This condition is known as steatopygia. It is an inherited condition first noticed in the Khoisan (San people) of southern Africa and the pygmies of central Africa. Now it has been recognised in the people of the Andamanese islands in the Pacific Ocean.

Slang words for the buttocks include "booty", "butt", "bum", "hiney", and "ass".

Toyota Camry

The Toyota Camry (; Japanese: トヨタ・カムリ) is a car made by Toyota since 1980. The name "Camry" comes from the Japanese word "kanmuri" (冠, かんむり), which means "crown".

The Camry is Toyota's best-selling car in the United States and is in the Top 5 best selling cars in the US.

Kingdom of Kush

Kush civilization had its center in the region of Nubia. This was in northern Sudan of today. We know about it through the Egyptians who moved south around 2500 BC. When the Middle Kingdom of Egypt ended, an independent kingdom of Kush developed. About 1500 BC Egyptians moved southwards again, but this time met organized resistance. Historians are not sure whether this resistance came from many city states or a single unified empire. The Egyptians won, and the region became a colony of Egypt under the control of Thutmose I. The region supplied Egypt with resources.

In the eleventh century BC internal disputes in Egypt caused colonial rule to collapse and an independent kingdom arose based at Napata in Nubia. This kingdom was ruled by locals who overthrew the colonial regime. But Kush had many beliefs and gods in common with Egypt.

The name given to this civilization comes from the Old Testament where Cush (Hebrew: כוש) was one of the sons of Ham (Son of Noah) who settled in Northeast Africa. The Bible refers to Cush on a number of occasions. Moses wife, Tzipporah, is described as a Kushite in the book of Numbers.




Cybernetics

Cybernetics is the study of control and communication in the animal and the machine. Norbert Wiener added: "Information is information, not matter or energy".

Ross Ashby defined it as: "the art of steermanship... co-ordination, regulation and control will be its
themes, for these are of the greatest biological and practical interest... it treats, not things but ways of
behaving. It does not ask “what is this thing?” but “what does it
do?” Ashby continued: 

Louis Couffignal said cybernetics was "the art of ensuring the efficacy of action".

Cybernetics was from the first an inter-disciplinary field of study. It included people from at least a dozen academic disciplines. There were two events which sparked it off after World War II. The first was that scientists from different backgrounds had, during the war, worked together on various military projects. They learned a good deal about how to cooperate with their various partners. The second event was the invention of computers during the war.

The countries which started cybernetics were Britain and the United States, but the idea spread quickly to France, Russia and other countries. Another, more famous, example of 'interdisciplinary studies' was molecular and cell biology.

Imagine a simple system such as a central heating system.

A goal-directed or control system has these four parts: 

The device which does this is called a thermostat.

Cybernetics started rapidly, and some of the greatest thinkers of the post-war era were interested in it. When this generation died, and some of the hopes for artificial intelligence and robotics were slow to produce results, cybernetics fell somewhat out of favour.


Complexity

Complexity is a property of something with many parts and a complicated arrangement. It is also the state of being complex. Its opposite is simplicity. 


Complex system

A complex system is one where smaller elements make complex things happen. These smaller elements can be simple elements or they can be complex systems within themselves. Any such complex elements can be interrelated in simple or complex ways and may be hard to identify as distinct.
'Complex systems' is a field which studies the common properties of systems considered complex in nature, society and science. It is also called "complex systems theory", "complexity science", "study of complex systems" and/or "sciences of complexity".
The key problems of such systems are difficulties with their formal modeling and simulation. From such perspective, in different research contexts complex systems are defined on the base of their different attributes.

Control theory

Control theory is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering and mathematics. It deals with the behavior of systems. The desired output of a system is called the "reference". In that context, a system can be influenced by certain input values. Depending on the input values, the system may change its state or its behavior. Common questions control theory asks: 


One of the first modern people to talk about control theory was James Clerk Maxwell. In his work On Governors, of 1868, he looked at the dynamic properties of centrifugal governors, as they were used by steam engines. Such governors were already used to regulate the speed of windmills.

A system is a model used to describe the behaviour of something in the real world that takes inputs and produces outputs. For example, a car is a system in that the driver chooses how hard to press on the gas pedal (the input) and the car drives along the road at a certain speed (the output). In the case of a car, the input to the gas pedal does not fully determine the speed of the car. The weight in the car, the incline of the road, the traction of the tires, the current speed of the car, and other factors can all change the output received for a particular input. Control theory attempts to determine what inputs will result in a desired output, or reference. This is accomplished using differential equations, linear algebra, and other branches of math. Control theory relies heavily on computational models and software. 
In a control system a controller manipulates the inputs to a system. In the control systems one or more output variables of a system need to follow a certain reference over time. By manipulating the input, the controller wants to obtain the desired effect on the output of the system. If we were to take a system without a controller it would simply have an input and an output. As there is no way to track the output relative to the input then the system is practically useless. If we add a controller, by feeding the output through the controller back to the input the output can be manipulated to meet the desired criteria. For example, if a kettle did not have a controller and it were switched on it would continue to boil the water indefinitely. By adding a controller, the boiling water (reference) is fed back to the input through the controller. The controller then tells the input to turn off the power as the water is already boiling. The system without the controller is called the open-loop system. When you add a controller in a feedback loop you create a closed-loop system. Open-loop systems are rarely ever considered stable as they cannot be controlled based on their output. Closed-loop systems incorporate a controller or series of controllers which, depending on the current output, configure the input such that the output will have the desired response.

Acura

Acura is the luxury brand of the car company Honda. It has been established in the United States, Canada and Hong Kong since March 1986. The brand has been used to market Honda's luxury cars and high performance models. Before Acura, most Japanese cars were economical in design. 1986

Nissan

Nissan may refer to:



Cabal Online

Cabal Online is a free Massive Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (MMORPG) created by ESTsoft Corporation.

There are eight characters players can choose from in Cabal Online. They are: Warrior, Blader, Magician, Force Archer, Force Blader, Force Shielder, Force Gunner, and Gladiator.

Blackletter

Blackletter or Gothic script is an old way to write. Blackletter in writing or print was used in Western Europe from about 1150 to the 17th century. It was used for printing in Germany until the 20th century.

Letter shapes in printing were copied from letter shapes in a style of handwriting. So, the Gothic script of northern Europe and the Latin script used in Italy were both copied into print typography.

Some people call blackletter Old English. This is not right, because Old English is a language, not a script, and many centuries older. Also "Gothic" script has nothing to do with the Goths. They lived in central Europe from the 3rd to 6th century and wrote in runes. Blackletter must not be confused either with the ancient Gothic alphabet or with the sans-serif typefaces that are also sometimes called "Gothic".

The term "Gothic" was first used to describe this script in fifteenth century Italy, in the midst of the Renaissance. Scholars thought it was a barbaric script: "Gothic" was a synonym for "barbaric". 

Not only were blackletter forms called "Gothic script", but any other seemingly barbarian script was also labeled "Gothic". In contrast, the humanists preferred the Carolingian minuscule, a highly legible script. They called it "littera antiqua", "the ancient letter", believing that it was the script used by the Romans. But actually it was invented in the reign of Charlemagne.

Carolingian minuscule was the direct and linear ancestor of blackletter. Blackletter came from Carolingian when Europe in the twelfth century needed new books in many different subjects when more and more people learned to read. New universities were founded, each writing books for business, law, grammar, history, and other topics, not only religious books, where earlier scripts were used.

These books needed to be produced quickly to keep up with demand. Carolingian, though legible, was time-consuming and labour-intensive to produce. It was large and wide and took up a lot of space on a manuscript in a time when writing materials were very costly. As early as the eleventh century, different forms of Carolingian were already being used, and by the mid-twelfth century, a clearly distinguishable form, able to be written more quickly to meet the demand for new books, was being used in north-eastern France and the Low Countries.


Super Smash Bros.

In the game, the players can control every characters from the video game series, including "Mario", "Pokémon", "The Legend of Zelda" and many others. The games are very different compared to other fighting games. Other characters include Kirby, Donkey Kong, Captain Falcon, and Jigglypuff among others.



Super Smash Bros. has 12 characters. 8 starters and 4 unlockables. Pit, King Dedede, Mewtwo, Meowth, Bowser, and Princess Peach were going to be in "Super Smash Bros.", but were removed. They all made it in either "Super Smash Bros. Melee" or "Super Smash Bros. Brawl". Meowth does appear in "Super Smash Bros." and "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" but only as a Pokéball Pokémon. Master Hand is a character that you will always fight last.

The point of the game is to beat the character(s) that you are fighting. To beat them you must hit them again until they are very hurt. Once they are very hurt, you have to knock them off of the stage in some way.

In 1P mode, you have to fight all of the characters in the game (including the one you are using) and Master Hand. You also play some mini-games along the way. In this mode, you can unlock characters and stages by doing certain things. It does not work like that with Master Hand, though. With Master Hand, you have to hit him again and again until he dies. You do not have to knock him off the stage. It's impossible to knock him off the stage.

In multiplayer mode, up to 4 people can play against each other non-stop. If there are fighters that have died at the same time, they will fight in a sudden death battle. In that battle, they are badly hurt and they have to fight other fighters who made it into the sudden death battle as well.

The two mini-games are "Break The Targets" and "Board The Platforms". In Break The Targets, you have to break 10 targets. It's very hard to get all 10 of the targets. The same goes for Board The Platforms except you have to just simply land on all of the platforms. Board The Platforms is a little bit harder than Break The Targets. Characters can be unlocked in these mini-games.

"Super Smash Bros." was made by HAL Laboratory in 1998. It was first called , and it did not have all those characters from different Nintendo games. Later, Sakurai had an idea of having characters from different Nintendo games to make it very fun. Lots of people liked it so he began making the game with some people. At first, it was only sold in Japan. Sakurai saw how many people bought the game and liked it so the game was sold in other countries as well.

"Super Smash Bros." became very popular, and quickly became a Player's Choice game (which means it's very good). In Japan, 1.97 million "Super Smash Bros." CDs were sold, and 2.93 million "Super Smash Bros." CDs have been sold in the United States.


Falkland Islands wolf

The Falkland Islands wolf ("Dusicyon australis"), also known as the warrah, Falkland Islands dog, Falkland Islands fox, or Antarctic wolf, is a species of wolf that used to live on the Falkland Islands. They were blamed for killing sheep, but it is not known if they did or not. The last fox died in 1876. This species probably fed on penguins, seals and vegetation.

It is unclear how they got to the Falkland Islands. The most common theory was that the warrah descended from domestic dogs brought to the Falkland Islands by the Yaghan of Tierra del Fuego. This explained the lack of their fear of humans. 

However, this theory was seen as implausible because the Falkland Islands are far from mainland South America and the sea between the mainland and the islands is very windy, making it impossible to cross in simple canoes. Now, the accepted theory is that the warrah crossed into the Falkland Islands on a former ice bridge connecting the mainland and the islands.

SNoW

SNoW (born June 11, 1985 in Tokyo, Japan) is a J-Pop singer. She is now studying at Santa Monica College in California. She was raised in a two language environment. Her favorite artists include Ani DiFranco, Iggy Pop, Talking Heads, and Jack Johnson.

Her first single "Yes" was released under an indie record label in November 2004. In 2005, she changed labels to Sony Music Entertainment Japan. With Sony, she released "Hanabi made Ato Sukoshi" (花火まであとすこし - unofficial translation: "A Little Longer Until the Fireworks") in July. Her third single, "Sakasama no Chō" (逆さまの蝶, "The Inverted Butterfly"), was released on January 25, 2006. "Sakasama no Chō" was the opening theme of the 2005/2006 anime "Jigoku Shoujo" (地獄少女). It will also be used in the movie "Humoresque" to be released in February 2006. The opening theme for "Jigoku Shōjo"'s second season, "NightmaRe", was also performed by SNoW. It was released as a single on December 6, 2006.


Funnel cloud

A funnel cloud is a funnel-shaped cloud of condensed water droplets. They usually appear with a rotating column of air. These extend from the bottom of a cloud that does not touch the ground or a water surface. A funnel cloud can usually be seen as a cone or needle shaped cloud that extends out from the main cloud base. Funnel clouds, very often, develop when supercell thunderstorms happen.

If a funnel cloud touches the ground, it becomes a tornado. Most tornadoes begin as funnel clouds. Many funnel clouds that appear do not actually touch the ground, and do not become tornadoes. Tornadoes can only be seen when they pick up stuff off the ground (debris), but one can see them from a distance of many miles.

A funnel cloud that makes contact with water is called a waterspout. 
A funnel cloud that touches the ground in front of a snow squall is called a winter waterspout.

Cold-air (or cold-core) funnel clouds are usually short-lived and are usually much weaker in strength than the tornadoes produced by supercells. Cold-air funnel clouds usually do not touch the ground, but here have been reports that it can happen. Then, they become weak tornadoes or waterspouts.
They are a common sight along the Pacific Coast and USA, usually seen in the spring or autumn.



Waterspout

A waterspout is a funnel cloud over water. It is a nonsupercell tornado over water. Waterspouts do "not" suck up water; the water seen in the main funnel cloud is actually water droplets formed by condensation. It is weaker than most of its land counterparts.

Waterspouts that are not associated with a rotating updraft of a supercell thunderstorm, are known as "nontornadic" or "fair-weather waterspouts", and are by far the most common type.

Fair-weather waterspouts occur in coastal waters and are associated with dark, flat-bottomed, developing convective cumulus towers. 
A winter waterspout, also known as a snow devil, an icespout, an ice devil, a snonado, or a snowspout, is a very rare meteorological phenomenon in which a vortex from snow develops that looks like a waterspout. One does not know much about this rare happening and there are only six known pictures of this event so far.

There are three main things that produce a winter waterspout:



Bob Jones University

Bob Jones University (BJU) is a private Protestant Christian university in Greenville, South Carolina. The university was founded in 1927 by Bob Jones, Sr. (1883-1968), an evangelist. The school has around 3,000 students attending it, and there are 2,755 undergraduate students attending. Until the 1970s, BJU only allowed white students to attend. Afterwards, it banned interracial dating.


Mordecai Ham

Mordecai Fowler Ham, Jr. (April 2, 1877 – November 1, 1961) was an American evangelist. He entered his ministry in 1901. In 1936, he started his Christian radio evangelism career. He continued working as an evangelist until shortly before his death in 1961.


Charles Templeton

Charles Bradley Templeton (October 7 1915 - June 7 2001) was a Canadian cartoonist, evangelist, agnostic, politician, newspaper editor, inventor, broadcaster and author. At the age of 17 during the Great Depression, "Chuck Templeton" (as he was then known) got his first job as a sports cartoonist for "The Globe and Mail". This would be the first of many of his careers. In the late 1990s, he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died from problems with the disease in 2001.


Billy Graham Evangelistic Association

The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association (BGEA) is an organization founded by Rev. Billy Graham in 1950. The purpose of the "BGEA" is to tell the gospel of Jesus Christ to as many people as they can. They have done this through crusades, evangelism training, youth outreach, television broadcasts, and radio programs, just to name a few. The current President of BGEA is Graham's son Franklin.


Washington National Cathedral

The Washington National Cathedral is a cathedral of the Episcopal Church in the United States. Located in Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States, it is the sixth largest cathedral in the world and second largest in the United States. It was built between 1907 and 1990.

On Tuesday, August 23, 2011, the central tower on the Cathedral was damaged by an earthquake. A 5.8-magnitude earthquake struck northern Virginia, about from Washington D.C. The earthquake knocked off some of the cross-shaped finial stones. Finials are the decorative top of the pinnacles or towers. One pinnacle is leaning to the side. The inside of the cathedral did not receive any serious damage from the earthquake.

Officials have stated that it will cost millions of dollars to repair the damage. The cost of repairs will not be covered by insurance. There are many cracks in the limestone exterior. There was concern that the landfall of hurricane Irene would cause more damage. The hurricane did not cause any additional damage to the cathedral.

State funerals for four American Presidents have been held at the cathedral:
Memorial services were also held for presidents Warren G. Harding, William Taft, Calvin Coolidge, Harry S Truman, and Richard M. Nixon.

United States Postal Service

The United States Postal Service (USPS) was founded in 1971, replacing the United States Post Office Department. Its headquarters is in Washington D.C. In the United States, it is referred to as "the post office", "the postal service", or just "the mail". Its job is to deliver letters, packages, and other items to people.

United States citizens can use their mailbox flag to signal USPS drivers to deliver the mailbox's contents to a different place.

The Postal Service was originally the Post Office Department, which began in 1775. In 1971, the Postal Reorganization Act went into effect, creating the United States Postal Service. Since then, the Postal Service has had 14 Postmaster Generals, the current one being Louis Dejoy.

The purpose of the Postal Service is to deliver equal service to all citizens of the United States. The Postal Service has almost 500,000 employees to deliver and sort mail, as well as run management and clerk positions. The Postal Service is for the service of Americans, so it is generally left out of politics between political parties.

The Constitution gives Congress the ability to "establish post offices and post roads." Congress used this power to originally create the Post Office as well as give it power.

This code outlines the duties and powers of the Postal Service, making its mission of service clear.

This law, signed in 1970 by President Richard Nixon, separated the Postal Service from the rest of the Executive Branch, allowing them to act independently without approval from Congress.

This law, signed in 2006, requires the Postal Service to put money into their Retiree Health Benefit Program ahead of time. This would allow them to save money for the future. Since this law, however, the Postal Service has often been losing money due to high operating costs.


Parkinson's disease

Parkinson's disease (or PD, sometimes simply "Parkinson's") is a disease that slowly damages the central nervous system. 

The central nervous system is made up of the brain and spine. When a person gets Parkinson's disease, the cells that make dopamine in a part of the brain die. Dopamine cells send information to other cells which makes us do the actions we do. Because of this, Parkinson's disease mainly affects the body's motor system.

Parkinson's disease is a disease that gets worse over time. People normally get Parkinson's disease when they are over 50 years old. It is sometimes very hard for doctors to detect.

Doctors are studying the exact causes of Parkinson's. It is said that Parkinson's develops through a combination of genetic errors and several possible influences, but not much is known. Doctors have discovered some clues about the cause(s). It is caused by the destruction of specialised ganglions in the brain. The production of dopamine, a neurotransmitter, reduces. Parkinson's can also be genetic. But research shows that genetic Parkinson's is not normal, and is uncommon. Parkinson's disease is more frequent among those who work with pesticides or have had a history of head injuries.

Research suggests that people are slightly less likely to get Parkinson's disease if they smoke cigarettes.

Parkinson's disease can cause the brain to not respond. The patient may become paralyzed. The disease can give the patient slow reaction time and poor coordination between the hand and the brain.

It hurts the patient's movement skills and their speech. It can also affect mood, behavior and thinking. A common symptom of Parkinson’s disease is tremors. Tremors cause people's hands, legs, and arms to shake. Some symptoms include skin problems, depression, and difficulty swallowing.

The symptoms of Parkinson's disease include stiff muscles and trouble with movement. This disease gives patients slow reaction time. It makes it hard for them to do simple things like walking and talking. It also causes depression and other emotional changes.

Parkinson's disease cannot be completely cured yet. Still, people have tried to cure it with drugs. One treatment is to put back the lost dopamine. A group of drugs called dopamine receptor agonists acts similarly to dopamine when put in the brain. There are four different drugs included in that group. Many patients take one of those with another drug. That other drug is called L-dopa. Unlike the dopamine, the L-dopa can enter the brain. The dopamine cannot enter the brain. This is why many patients take L-dopa and dopamine together. In the beginning, L-dopa helps a lot. But as the disease develops, the L-dopa doesn't work as well. Two other drugs used are anticholinergics and selegiline. They both help lessen symptoms. Anticholinergics help the patient stop shaking. Selegiline is meant to protect the nerves in the central nervous system. Selegiline is not often used. This is because there is no real proof that it helps.

Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) is a surgery that is used some people who suffer from Parkinson's disease.


Samford University

Samford University is a private, Southern Baptist-related university in Homewood, Alabama, a suburb of Birmingham, Alabama. Samford ranked 118 out of 262 institutions in "U.S. News and World Reports' " college rankings.
"Samford University" was founded as "Howard College" in 1841 and opened its doors to students on January 3, 1842, in Marion, Alabama. In 1887 the school moved to Birmingham.

Women were first admitted to "Howard College" in 1895. In 1920 the school joined the "Southern Association of Colleges" and in 1927 it added its pharmacy school. In 1965, "Howard" got back its master's degree program. This led to the college's becoming a well-known college by November 9, 1965. The school was renamed in honor of "Frank Park Samford", chairman of the Board of Trustees and most generous personal supporter, because there was already a "Howard University" in Washington, D.C..


Hainanese chicken rice

Hainanese chicken rice is a dish created by the people of Hainan. Hainan is an island that is to the south of China. It is a plate of chicken served with rice cooked in chicken oil.

Vortex (disambiguation)

A vortex is a dynamic phenomenon of fluids.

Vortex could also mean:

In amusement:

In fiction:

In gaming:

In music:

In science and technology:

In television:

In other fields:

Vortex

A vortex (pl. "vortices") is a spinning, often turbulent, 
flow of fluid. The motion of the fluid swirling rapidly around a center is called a vortex. The speed and rate of rotation of the fluid are greatest at the center and become smaller with distance from the center.



Libertia

Libertia is a genus of monocotyledenous plants in the family "Iridaceae". There are 15 species in the genus. The plants can be found growing in the southern hemisphere.



Alan Dawazhouma

Alan Dawazhouma (known as alan) or 阿兰 is a Tibetan-Chinese singer and erhu player from Sichuan province who debuted in 2005 with 声声醉如兰. As well as Tibetan and Mandarin, she speaks some English and Japanese. Her first release in Japanese was the single, 明日への讃歌.

alan was born on 25 July 1987. Her stage name "alan" is pinyin for 阿兰, which is her surname. In Japan, she is also known as あらん. Her real name is Alan Dawa Dolma (阿兰达瓦卓玛 in Chinese, which is pronounced in pinyin as Alan Dawazhuoma).

alan grew up in the Meiren valley in the Danba County of Garze Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in China. Her father is a civil servant, while her mother was a former singer. She learned singing from a young age and started to learn how to play the erhu at the age of eight. At nine years old, alan was selected for the leading role in the TV drama Tai Yang Nu Shen and first pursued a career as an actress.

After graduating from her musically oriented high school, she enrolled in a relatively well known music school in China, the China National Chinese Opera and Dance Drama Company (解放軍芸術学院), where two members of 12 Girls Band were also being taught. Later in 2005, alan debuted with a cover album titled Sheng Sheng Zui Ru Lan under a Chinese independent label. Currently, the album has sold over 50,000 copies.

In October 2006 at the Shanghai International Art Festival, alan won second place (tied with Filipino singer Jimmy Layo Marquez) at the 9th Asia New Singer Competition. In July 2007 she graduated the China National Chinese Opera and Dance Drama Company with excellent grades.

alan was discovered when the Japan-based record label Avex Inc. held auditions in Beijing. Her first single was in November the same year. It was called "Ashita e no Sanka", which can be translated as "a song for tomorrow." She is currently still studying Japanese and only has a basic grasp of the language.



Tibetan

Tibetan can refer to:

V/Line

V/Line is a regional train operator in Victoria, Australia. They operate all regional trains outside the Connex network, as well as some bus services that take people a long way.

Carpool

Carpooling is sharing a car with other passengers to help share the cost of operating the car. Besides being cheaper than driving many cars at the same time, it also reduces traffic congestion. There are many companies that provide carpooling services such as Ola, MyCotra, Quickride, and Uber.

Middleweight

In boxing, the term Middleweight is used for a specific group of people based on weight. A middleweight is a boxer weight does not exceed 160 pounds (73 kg).
Boxing organizations created many divisions so that fighters could fight people of the same size. 

The first heavyweight champion under modern rules was Irish boxer Jack (Nonpareil) Dempsey.

Famous heavyweight champions have include Bob Fitzsimmons, Nino Benvenuti, Rocky Graziano, Marvin Hagler, Bernard Hopkins, Roy Jones Jr., Jake LaMotta, Carlos Monzon, 
Sugar Ray Robinson, Tony Zale and Sugar Ray Leonard.

Moneymore

Moneymore is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom. It is from Cookstown and from Magherafelt.

On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and saw that there were 1,369 people living in Moneymore. They also saw that:

Denpasar

Denpasar () is the capital city of the province of Bali, Indonesia. It is also the site of Ngurah Rai Airport, the main gateway to Bali. It has a population of 897,300 (2017). 

Toome

Toome (or Toomebridge) is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom. It is from Magherafelt and from Antrim. It is close to the River Bann.

On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and saw that there were 722 people living in Toome. They also saw that:

Kuta

Kuta is a town in southern Bali, Indonesia. Once it was a fishing village. It was one of the first towns on Bali to become popular with tourists. It is one of Indonesia's major tourist destinations. It has a long sandy beach, and many restaurants and bars. It is near Bali's Ngurah Rai Airport.

On October 12, 2002, a series of bombings killed more than 200 people in Kuta. The bombings happened outside two nightclubs.

An Inconvenient Truth

An Inconvenient Truth is a 2006 documentary movie about global warming directed by Davis Guggenheim, presented by former United States Vice President Al Gore. The movie was first shown at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival. It opened in New York and Los Angeles on May 24, 2006. The movie was released on DVD on November 21, 2006. A companion book by Gore reached Number 1 on the paperback nonfiction New York Times bestseller list on July 2, 2006. The movie won Academy Awards for Best Documentary Feature and for Best Original Song.

"An Inconvenient Truth" is the story of Al Gore and his efforts to tell people about climate change concerns. Gore says, "I've been trying to tell this story for a long time and I feel as if I've failed to get the message across." The movie closely follows a "slide show" presentation that Gore has shown throughout the world. It shows Gore's exploration of the global warming data, and predictions regarding climate change and its potential for disaster.



Gary Megson

Gary Megson (born: 20 June 1960) is an English former football player and manager. He is best known for being the manager of the West Brom team which gained promotion to the Premier League.

Matt Hardy

Matthew Moore Hardy (born September 23, 1974) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is best known for his tenures in the World Wrestling Federation/WWE and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling/Impact Wrestling (TNA). With his brother, Jeff Hardy, he became one of the most famous tag team wrestlers. Between WWE, TNA and Ring of Honor, Hardy is a 14-time world tag team champion and a three-time world champion as a singles star (with one reign as ECW Champion, and two as TNA World Heavyweight Champion).



Kerobokan Prison

Kerobokan Prison is a prison in the town of Kerobokan, Bali. In addition to local criminals, a number of foreigners are held there, notably Schapelle Corby and the Bali Nine — all convicted of drug smuggling.

Edmund Spenser

Edmund Spenser (; c. 1552 – 13 January 1599) was a poet from England. He was most known for his poem "The Faerie Queene", which talks about different knights who fight against evil. The poem also praises Queen Elizabeth I of England. He wrote also many sonnets and poems. The sonnets were collected under the name of Amoretti.

Edmund Spenser made a new rhyme-scheme for sonnet (abab bcbc cdcd ee) and a nine-line stanza (ababbcbcc). These forms are now called Spenserian sonnet and Spenserian stanza. Spenserian stanza was later used by many poets, among others by George Gordon Byron, Percy Bysshe Shelley, John Keats and Alfred Tennyson.

Papua

Papua may refer to:


Papuan languages

The term Papuan languages means languages of the western Pacific which are neither Austronesian nor Australian. That is, the term is defined negatively and does not mean a linguistic relationship. 

The majority of the Papuan languages are spoken on the island of New Guinea (which is divided between the country of Papua New Guinea and Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Irian Jaya), with a number spoken in the Bismarck Archipelago, Bougainville Island, and the Solomon Islands to the east, and in Halmahera, Timor, and the Alor archipelago to the west. One Papuan language, Meriam Mir, is spoken within the national borders of Australia, in the eastern Torres Strait. The only Papuan languages with official recognition are those of East Timor.

New Guinea is perhaps the most linguistically diverse region in the world. Besides the Austronesian languages, there are some 800 languages divided into perhaps sixty small language families, with unclear relationships to each other or to anything else, plus a large number of language isolates. 


Lombok

Lombok (population 2,950,105 in 2005) is an island in West Nusa Tenggara province, Indonesia. It is to the east of Bali on the other side of the Lombok Strait. The capital and largest city on the island is Mataram.

The Gili Islands are very popular with tourists. There are many places to dive and the beaches are lovely.

Mount Rinjani, 3,726 m (12,224 ft), is the third-highest volcano in Indonesia.

In the summer of 2018, two major earthquakes, in July (6.4 magnitude) and in August (6.9 magnitude) hit the city killing nearly 270 people all together.


The Faerie Queene

The Faerie Queene is an English epic poem by Edmund Spenser. The poem was first published in 1590. A longer version of the poem was published in 1596. This version of the poem is in six parts or books. 

"The Fairie Queene" is about different knights who fight against evil. It is an allegorical work, and each book of the poem is about a different virtue. The poem also praises Queen Elizabeth I of England and her family, the Tudors. Queen Elizabeth liked the poem so much that she gave Spenser a pension as a reward.

Torres Strait Islanders

Torres Strait Islanders are the indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, part of Queensland, Australia. They are culturally related to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea. They are regarded as being distinct from other Aboriginal peoples of the rest of Australia. There are also two Torres Strait Islander communities on the nearby coast of the mainland.

There are 6,000 Torres Strait Islanders who live in the area of the Torres Strait, and 42,000 others who live outside of this area, mostly in the north of Queensland, particularly in Townsville and Cairns. 

The indigenous people of the Torres Strait have a distinct culture which has slight variants on the different islands where they live. They are a sea-faring people, and engaged in trade with peoples of Papua New Guinea. The culture is complex, with some Australian elements, some Papuan elements, and some Austronesian elements, just like the languages. The Islanders seem to have been the dominant culture for many centuries, and neighbouring Aboriginal and Papuan cultures show some Island influence in religious ceremonies and the like. Archaeological, linguistic and folk history evidence suggests that the core of Island culture is Austronesian. Unlike the indigenous peoples of mainland Australia, the islanders were traditionally agriculturalists although they supplemented their food supplies through hunting and gathering.



Australian megafauna

Australian megafauna is a word used to describe a number of animal species in Australia that are quite a bit bigger than their closest living relatives. These species became extinct during the Pleistocene (16,100±100 - 50,000 years before present), but exact dates for their extinction have only been discovered recently.

Some mythological creatures from the Aboriginal dreamtime look a bit like animals from the prehistoric Australian megafauna.

Scientists have been unable to agree on the reasons the megafauna became extinct. It is possible when humans came to Australia (around 48,000-60,000 years ago), and began hunting and using fire, they may have caused the extinction of the megafauna. Climate change, which made the country much drier during an Ice Age about 18,000 years ago, may have also have led to the extinction of the megafauna. Some scientists say that climate change alone caused the extinction of the megafauna. This argument does not allow for the fact that the megafaunal species had lived through two million years of climate changes. They had lived through a number of dry times before their sudden extinction.

Scientists have got new evidence, based on new and better ways of finding dates, using optically stimulated luminescence and Uranium-thorium dating of megafaunal bones. This suggests that humans were the main cause of the extinction of megafauna in Australia. The dates show that the last of the megafauna became extinct around the same time, about 47,000 years ago. This was the time in which humans first arrived in Australia. The dates suggest the main reason for extinction was human burning of the land. Many plants were not able to survive regular fires, and so the types of plants changed. Scientists have studied oxygen and carbon isotopes from teeth of megafauna. These show sudden, dramatic, non-climate-related changes in plants, and in the diet of surviving marsupial animals, as well as the loss of megafaunal species. Further study of the teeth of megafauna shows the climate was dry at the time of extinction, similar to the dry climate of today, and that the megafauna were able to live in dry climates.

The following is a list of some of the Australian megafauna. It shows:


Mammals are set out by size with largest at the top.







Omagh bombing

The Omagh bombing was a car bomb attack by the Real Irish Republican Army in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, on 15 August 1998. It killed 29 people and injured 300 others.

Themis (hypothetical moon)

On April 28, 1905, the American astronomer William H. Pickering said that he had found a tenth moon of the planet Saturn. Pickering named the moon Themis. No other astronomer has ever seen the moon that Pickering said he saw. Because of this, astronomers do not count Themis as an official moon of Saturn.

Pickering tried to figure out an orbit for Themis. He thought that Themis had an inclination of 39.1° to the ecliptic, with 0.23 eccentricity (0.23) and a semi-major axis distance of 1,457,000 km. This meant that Themis had an orbit like the moons Titan and Hyperion. Pickering believed that it took Themis 20.85 days to orbit Saturn, in a prograde motion.

Pickering thought that the diameter of Themis was about 38 miles (61 km). Pickering had also discovered the moon Phoebe, but modern astronomers know that Pickering made a mistake when he gave 42 miles (68 km) as the diameter of Phoebe. Because astronomers know how Pickering made his mistake, they can say that if Themis existed, it would have a diameter of 200 km.
In April 1861, Hermann Goldschmidt also thought he discovered a new satellite of Saturn between Titan and Hyperion. Goldschmidt called this moon Chiron. The moon Chiron also does not exist, but the name was used much later for the comet/asteroid 2060 Chiron.

In 1906, the French Academy of Sciences gave Pickering the Lalande Prize of the French Academy of Sciences for his "discovery of the ninth and tenth satellites of Saturn".

The actual tenth satellite of Saturn (in order of discovery) was Janus, which was discovered in 1966 and confirmed in 1980. Its orbit is far from the supposed orbit of Themis.

There is also an asteroid named 24 Themis.



Real Irish Republican Army

The Real Irish Republican Army (or Real IRA) is a group from Ireland who want Northern Ireland to become part of the Republic of Ireland, and want it to leave the United Kingdom. The group started after they left the Provisional Irish Republican Army, after an argument. On 15 August 1998 they did the Omagh bombing, which killed 29 people and hurt over 300 people. They have shot police officers and have also bombed places in England, such as London and Birmingham. It is against the law to be a member of the Real IRA.

The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck

The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck is a comic book painted and written by Don Rosa. To make it, Rosa needed to see Carl Barks's stories and the more important facts of Scrooge's fictional life.

The story has 12 original parts, with more added later, that tell Scrooge's life:

General Certificate of Secondary Education

The General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) is a set of exams taken in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and other British territories. They are usually taken by students aged 15–16, after two years of study. Some students can take their exams early if their teachers think the students are capable. Most students taking their GCSEs study between 5 and 25 subjects.

All pupils have to study English, mathematics and science until they are 15-16. They do not have to take the GCSE exams, but the large majority do so. In Wales, students must also study Welsh until they are 14.

Most schools require that a pupil passes 5 or more GCSE exams at grades 4 or 5 or above before they can move on to study A-levels.

In 2020, the exams were cancelled for the first time due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Many of the subjects in this list are not offered by every school.

In all schools students have to study Mathematics, Science, and English linguistics and literature.








Edo

The site of the city, on what is now known as Tokyo Bay, had been settled for several centuries, but first became historically significant with the building of Edo Castle in 1457 by order of Ōta Dōkan. Kyoto was the site of the Japanese emperor's residence and the capital of Japan for many centuries, until the Tokugawa shogunate was established in 1603 and Edo became its seat of government. From that point Kyoto remained merely the formal capital of the country, while the "de facto" capital was now Edo, the center of real political power. Edo consequently rapidly grew from what had been a small, virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a big city of 1,000,000 residents by 1721, the largest city in the world at the time.

In 1868, when the shogunate came to an end, the city was renamed "Tokyo", meaning "eastern capital", and the emperor moved his residence to Tokyo, making the city the formal capital of Japan.



Renault Vel Satis

The Renault Vel Satis was a large automobile created by the French car manufacturer Renault. It has five seats and four doors. It was produced from 2001 to 2009· It was known for its daring styling and was sold in the UK from 2002 to 2005 but was dropped there due to poor sales. Renault also produced another big car with bold styling called the Avantime which was a coupe/grand tourer but it was a poor seller with only 8,557 made between 2001 and 2003.

Korean food

Korean food came from very old traditions in Korea. It has developed through many environmental, political, and cultural changes. There are special rules for eating meals in Korea.

Korean food is mostly made up of rice, noodles, vegetables, and meats. Most Korean meals have many side dishes (called "banchan") along with their steam-cooked rice. Kimchi is usually eaten at every meal. Sesame oil, "doenjang", soy sauce, salt, garlic, ginger, pepper and "gochujang" are ingredients that are often used in the food.

In different provinces of Korea, its ingredients and dishes are different, too. The Korean royal court cuisine used to serve all the best dishes from each province for the royal family. People follow special rules when they eat meals in Korea.

Traditional rice cakes like "tteok" are eaten as treats during holidays and festivals. "Tteok" means all rice cakes made from pounded rice (메떡, "metteok"), pounded glutinous rice (찰떡, "chaltteok"), or glutinous rice that has not been pounded. It is usually filled or covered with sweet mung bean paste, red bean paste, raisins, or a sweet, creamy filling made with sesame seeds, pumpkin, beans, pine nuts, and honey. "Tteok" is usually eaten for dessert or as a snack. Sikhye is a traditional Korean beverage. Usually, people drink it during the Korean festive holidays (For example, New Year’s Day or Korean Harvest Festival). It is made with simple water ingredients, malted barley flour, sugar, and cooked rice. Yakgwa is a traditional Korean sweet pastry or cookie. Yakgwa is a type of yumil-gwa, which is a deep-fried, wheat-based hangwa made with powdered grains, honey, malt, and sugar. This food is enjoyed on festive days such as chuseok.

The oldest people are usually served first, and it is thought rude to pick up chopsticks or eat before the oldest people do so. In Korea, unlike in China and Japan, the rice bowl is not lifted up from the table. Spoons should not hit bowls while eating. You must not talk about dirty things. Some rules are now not important. For instance, talking used to be discouraged, but today people usually talk together at meals. Also, men usually ate at a different table than women, but now they eat all together. In Korea, they have both spoons and chopsticks, and together they are called "sujeou" (pronounced soo-juh - 수저). Usually, before they eat, people say, "Jalmukgessemnidah (잘 먹겠습니다)", and after they are finished, they say, "Jalmuggussemnidah (잘 먹었습니다)." Soups and stews must be set on the right side of the person who is eating.


These dishes are usually made with rice.
These simple foods can be bought at shops on the street and are usually thought of as snacks rather than meals.


https://mykoreankitchen.com/sikhye/https://kimchimari.com/yakgwa-or-yakwa/

Cryptanalysis

Cryptanalysis (from the Greek "kryptós", "hidden", and "analýein", "to loosen" or "to untie") is the study of methods for obtaining the meaning of encrypted information, without access to the secret information which is normally required to do so. Typically, this involves finding a secret key. In non-technical language, this is the practice of codebreaking or cracking the code, although "break" can also mean just a part of a complete solution.

People have been making and breaking codes for many centuries. In the 1930s specialized machines were invented to do the calculations. Code-breaking machines such as the Colossus computer were important during World War II. Computers were the main tool of cryptanalysis in the Cold War and later.




International General Certificate of Secondary Education

The International General Certificate of Secondary Education, or IGCSE, is an international exam for school students, offered by Cambridge Assessment International Education. It is typically taken by 14 to 16-year-olds, and it makes students ready for more academic work, including moving to A-Level and AS-Level study. The IGCSE is recognised as the same quality as the UK GCSE.

IGCSE courses cover subjects from a variety of areas: Languages, Humanities, Social Sciences, Mathematics, Creative, Technical and Vocational.

Most subjects can be studied at two levels of ability, either an easier level or a harder level. This is so that the IGCSE is appropriate for students with different levels of ability. It is planned to be appropriate for students whose first language may not be English, and this is seen in all the tests for the IGCSE.

The following is a list of subjects for which IGCSEs are available:

This list, along with more information, is also available on the Cambridge International website. 


Sánchez Ramírez Province

Sánchez Ramírez is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is in the central part of the country. Its capital city is Cotuí.

It was created in 1952. It was a municipality of the Duarte province before being elevated to the category of province.

The province was named after Juan Sánchez Ramírez, who was born in Cotuí and who fought against the French army when the country was a colony of France. When the country was again a Spanish colony, Sánchez Ramírez was made the governor of the colony.

The territory of the province was part of the La Vega Province from the Dominican independence (in 1844) until 1945 when most of the territory was made part of the Duarte Province.

On 3 March 1952, the province was created with the territory of Cotuí, part at that moment of the Duarte Province, and the southeastern part of La Vega province. When it was created, it had only two municipalities: Cotuí, the provincial capital, and Cevicos. In 1961, Fantino became the third municipality of the province; in 2002, Villa La Mata became the fourth municipality.

In 1979, La Cueva became a municipal district; La Bija and Angelina in 2001; Quita Sueño and Platanal in 2005; Hernando Alonzo, Caballero and Comedero Arriba in 2006; and Zambrana Abajo in 2010.

The Sánchez Ramírez province is in the centre of the country, in the southeast limit of the Cibao Valley (part of the region called "Eastern Cibao"). It is bordered to the north by the Duarte province, to the east and south by the Monte Plata province, to the southwest and west by the Monseñor Nouel province and to the northwest by the La Vega province.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Sánchez Ramírez province, and 85,207 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 19th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 152,036 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Cotuí, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 45,135 inhabitants.

The Sánchez Ramírez province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 21st (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

There are two regions in the province:

The altitude of Cotuí, provincial capital, is above sea level.

The most important river is the Yuna river, that flows from west to east; the other rivers are all tributaries of this river. Other rivers are Cevicos, Chacuey and Maguaca; they flow from the Sierra de Yamasá into the River Yuna.

There are 4 municipalities and 8 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activities in the province are farming and mining. Close to the town of Las Lagunas, in the Sierra de Yamasá, are the gold mines.

The main products of farming in the Sierra de Yamasá are cacao, oranges and tobacco. In the Yuna valley, rice is the most important product but pineapple and orange are also produced.

Cattle are also important in the province, mainly in the northwestern part of it.

Diane Abbott

Diane Julie Abbott (born 27 September 1953) is a British politician. Abbott was born and raised in London. Her parents were Jamaican immigrants. She is now the Member of Parliament for the Hackney North and Stoke Newington constituency in London, UK. She was fortunate to be the first black woman to be elected to the House of Commons when she was elected in the 1987 General Election. In 2010, Abbott became Shadow Public Health Minister after unsuccessfully standing for election as leader of the Labour Party. Abbott was made Shadow Home Secretary by Jeremy Corbyn in October 2016.

She attended Newnham College, Cambridge.

Abbott is a frequent public speaker, newspaper contributor and TV performer. She has been on many programmes such as "Have I Got News For You", "Celebrity Come Dine with Me", "Cash in the Celebrity Attic".

Hywel Francis

David Hywel Francis (6 June 1946 – 14 February 2021) was a Welsh politician and the Member of Parliament for the Aberavon constituency in the United Kingdom. He was elected in the 2001 General Election.

He was a member of the Labour Party.

Frank Doran

Frank Doran (born April 13, 1949 in Edinburgh, Scotland–died October 30, 2017) was a Scottish politician and the Member of Parliament for the Aberdeen North constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected to the House of Commons in the 1987 general election for Aberdeen South but was defeated in 1992. He is a member of the Labour Party. 

He was re-elected at the 1997 general election for the new constituency of Aberdeen Central. The boundary of the constituency was changed, and in 2005 he was elected for the Aberdeen North constituency.

He is the partner of fellow Labour MP Joan Ruddock.

Anne Begg

Dame Anne Begg, DBE (born December 6, 1955) is a Scottish politician and the Member of Parliament for the Aberdeen South constituency in the United Kingdom. She was elected in the 1997 general election.

Begg is the first permanent wheelchair user in the House of Commons.

She is a member of the Labour Party.

John Reid, Baron Reid of Cardowan

John Reid, Baron Reid of Cardowan (born 8 May 1947) is a Scottish football club chairman and a Labour Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament for the Scottish constituency of Airdrie and Shotts in the United Kingdom. He was first elected to the House of Commons in the 1987 general election for the Motherwell North constituency. The boundary of the constituency was changed, and in the 1997 election he was elected to the new constituency of Hamilton North and Bellshill. After more boundary changes in 2005 he was elected to the new constituency of Airdrie and Shotts.

He is the former Home Secretary. 

Reid did not stand in the 2010 election, and was made a life peer instead.

He is Chairman of Celtic Football Club in Glasgow.

He is a member of the Labour Party.

Gerald Howarth

James Gerald Douglas Howarth, known as Gerald Howarth (born September 12, 1947) is a British politician and the Member of Parliament for the English constituency of Aldershot in the United Kingdom. He was first elected to the House of Commons in the 1983 general election for the Cannock and Burntwood constituency but lost in the 1992 general election. 

He was re-elected at the 1997 General Election as MP for Aldershot. 

He is currently Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Ministry of Defence as Minister for International Security Strategy.

He is a member of the Conservative Party.

Mount Agung

Mount Agung () is a volcano on Bali. Mount Agung last erupted in 1963-1964. The lava just missed the Mother Temple of Besakih, which is located on high on the slopes of this sacred mountain. Over 1,000 people were killed and a number of villages were destroyed in this eruption.

Gunung Agung is an active volcano, with a large and deep crater that occasionally emits smoke and ash. The last major eruptions occurred in November 2017.

Mount Batur

Mount Batur () is a volcano on Bali. Mount Batur last erupted in 2000. It is a volcano inside an older, larger, volcano. The original eruption, about 30,000 years ago, is one of the largest known volcanic events on Earth. The volcano is now 1,717 metres (5,633 feet) high. There are many people — whole villages — living inside the caldera.

Mount Rinjani

Mount Rinjani or Gunung Rinjani is an active volcano on Lombok, Indonesia. It is high, making it the second highest volcano in Indonesia. It last erupted in 2009.

Mataram

Mataram is a city on the west side of the island of Lombok, Indonesia. It is the capital and largest city of West Nusa Tenggara province, and has a population of around 342,896 people as of the year 2005.


Megawati Sukarnoputri

Diah Permata Megawati Setiawati Soekarnoputri (born January 23, 1947), was President of Indonesia from July 23, 2001 to October 20, 2004. She was the Indonesia's first female President, and leader born after independence. On September 20, 2004, she lost her campaign for re-election in the 2004 Indonesian presidential election. She was also the country's vice president from 21 October 1999 to 23 July 2001. She is the daughter of Indonesia's first president, Soekarno.

Megawati Soekarnoputri was born in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. Her father is Indonesia's first President, Soekarno, and her mother is Fatmawati, one of Soekarno's nine wives. Megawati Soekarnoputri was Sukarno's second child and first daughter. She grew up in her father's Merdeka Palace, one of Indonesia's presidential palace. She used to dance for her father's guests and had a hobby of gardening. Megawati Soekarnoputri was 19 when her father gave up his power in 1966 and was taken over by a government which was later led by President Soeharto.

Megawati Soekarnoputri studied agriculture at Padjadjaran University in Bandung but dropped out in 1967 to be with her father following his loss of power. In 1970, the year her father died, Megawati Soekarnoputri went to the University of Indonesia to study psychology but dropped out two years later.

Kingdom of Kerma

The Kingdom of Kerma was a state in Nubia from around 2500 BC to about 1520 BC. It was based in the city of Kerma in Upper Nubia and was a major centre during the Middle Kingdom period of Egypt. It had a distinct civilization (for example very fine and original ceramics have been found).

The site of Kerma includes both an extensive town and a cemetery consisting of large tumuli. Because one can find there much examples of Nubian culture and burial practices at the site, scholars think that the Egyptian statues and other Egyptian objects found at Kerma arrived through trade.

In 2003, a Swiss archaeological team working in northern Sudan uncovered one of the most remarkable Egyptological finds in recent years. At the site known as Kerma, near the third cataract of the Nile, archaeologist Charles Bonnet and his team discovered a ditch within a temple from the ancient city of Pnoubs, which contained seven monumental black granite statues. Magnificently sculpted, and in an excellent state of preservation, they portrayed five pharaonic rulers, including Taharqa and Tanoutamon, the last two pharaohs of the 'Nubian' Dynasty, when Egypt was ruled by kings from the lands of modern-day Sudan. For over half a century, the Nubian pharaohs governed a combined kingdom of Egypt and Nubia, with an empire stretching from the Delta to the upper reaches of the Nile.


Aladdin (1992 movie)

Aladdin (also known as Aladdin and the Magic Lamp) is a 1992 American animated musical fantasy comedy movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. "Aladdin" is the 31st animated movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It was part of the Disney movie era known as the Disney Renaissance. The movie was directed by John Musker and Ron Clements. It is based on the Arab folktale of Aladdin and the magic lamp from "One Thousand and One Nights". The voice cast features Scott Weinger, Jonathan Freeman, Robin Williams, Linda Larkin, Frank Welker, Gilbert Gottfried, and Douglas Seale.

"Aladdin" was released on November 25, 1992. It got positive reviews and was the most successful movie of 1992, earning over $217 million in revenue in the United States, and over $504 million worldwide. The movie also won many awards, most of them for its soundtrack. Some people have accused it of being racist, because the heroes are light-skinned and have American accents while the villains are dark-skinned and have Arab accents. "Aladdin"s success led to other material inspired by the movie, including two direct-to-video sequels, "The Return of Jafar" and "Aladdin and the King of Thieves"; an animated television series; toys, video games, spin-offs, and Disney merchandise. A Broadway adaptation debuted in 2014.

In the city of Agrabah, the Sultan wants his daughter Princess Jasmine to marry a prince, but she rejects every suitor and temporarily leaves the palace. At the marketplace, she meets a "street rat" named Aladdin.

Jafar, the Sultan's vizier, discovers that Aladdin is the only one who can enter the Cave of Wonders and find a magic lamp. Jafar orders him to get the lamp. Aladdin and his pet monkey, Abu, enter the cave, where they befriend a magic carpet and obtain the lamp. Abu inadvertently grabs a forbidden treasure and the cave collapses itself. Jafar believes Aladdin has died.

After surviving, Aladdin rubs the lamp and meets the Genie, who grants three wishes for him. Aladdin uses the first one to disguise himself as a prince so that he can meet Jasmine again. Pretending to be a prince, he returns to the city, and meets the Sultan and Jafar. After Jasmine discovers the identity of Aladdin, the Sultan decides to promote him. 

When Jafar steals the lamp and releases the Genie. Jafar uses two of his wishes to become a sorcerer and to make himself the sultan. However, Aladdin tells Jafar that he is still not as powerful as the Genie. This makes Jafar wish to become a Genie as well, but this means that he is now trapped in a lamp forever.

Aladdin uses his third wish to free the Genie and he sets off to see the world. Aladdin and Jasmine plan their marriage.


Additional voices

The non-speaking character

Additional voices were provided by Wayne Allwine, Stephen J. Anderson, Bob Bergen, Cam Clarke, Tim Curry, Tate Donovan, Bill Farmer, John Goodman, Jess Harnell, Peter Lavin, Danny Mann, Edie McClurg, Paul Pape and Jan Rabson.



D. B. Cooper

D. B. Cooper (also known as Dan Cooper) is an alias (false name) for a man who hijacked an airplane in November 24, 1971. At that time, airline passengers were not searched before boarding their planes. He carried a bomb onto a flight between Portland, Oregon and Seattle, Washington. He received the ransom payment of $200,000. He jumped from the airplane, which was a Boeing 727. When he jumped, the airplane was in the Pacific Northwest, perhaps over Woodland, Washington. Hundreds of suspects have been named through the years, but no conclusive evidence has surfaced regarding who Cooper was, or where he lived. The FBI believes he did not survive the jump. Several people have tried to explain what happened after the jump. Some of these explanations contradict each other.

Because no one expected he would jump and because little is known of what happened afterwards, people are still interested in the case. The Cooper case (code-named "Norjak" by the FBI) remains an unsolved mystery.

The case is famous for its lack of evidence. A few important clues have arisen, nevertheless. In late 1978, a placard, which had instructions on how to lower the rear stairs of a 727 was found just a few flying minutes north of Cooper's projected drop zone. It is believed that this is from the rear stairway of the plane from which Cooper jumped. In February 1980, eight-year-old Brian Ingram found $5,880 in decaying $20 bills on the banks of the Columbia River.
The official physical description of Cooper has remained unchanged and is considered reliable. Flight attendants Schaffner and Mucklow, who spent the most time with Cooper, were interviewed on the same night in separate cities, and gave nearly identical descriptions: around tall, , mid-40s, with close-set piercing brown eyes and swarthy skin. Because the tie clip was pinned on the left side there is the possbilty Cooper was left handed; he smoked Raleigh Cigarettes and drank Bourbon and soda. While he knew the airstair could be lowered Cooper had to ask about how the airstair was operated indicating that while he had knowledge of an airstair he did not have practical experience of how to operate one.

Agents theorized that Cooper took his alias from a popular French-language Belgian comics series featuring the fictional hero Dan Cooper, a Royal Canadian Air Force test pilot who took part in numerous heroic adventures, including parachuting. (One cover from the series, reproduced on the FBI website, depicts test pilot Cooper skydiving.) Because the Dan Cooper comics were never translated into English, nor imported to the U.S., they speculated that he had encountered them during a tour of duty in Europe. Becuase Cooper not only demanded a ransom in "neogoatble American Currency" but also may have used the Dan Cooper comic name there is speculation "D.B. Cooper" may have been a Canadian. In 2007 The FBI also disclosed that Cooper had chosen the older of the two primary parachutes supplied to him, rather than the technically superior professional sport parachute, and that from the two reserve parachutes, he selected a "dummy", an unusable unit with a sewn-shut chute intended for classroom demonstrations, although an experienced skydiver would have realized this was non-functional. He also used the cord from the functional parachute he jumped with to secure the money bag. Cooper appeared to be familiar with the Seattle area and may have been an Air Force veteran, based on testimony that he recognized the city of Tacoma from the air as the jet circled Puget Sound, and his accurate comment to Mucklow that McChord Air Force Base was approximately twenty minutes' driving time from Seattle-Tacoma Airport—a detail most civilians would not know or comment upon. His financial situation was very likely desperate. According to the FBI's retired chief investigator, Ralph Himmelsbach, extortionists and other criminals who steal large amounts of money nearly always do so because they need it urgently; otherwise, the crime is not worth the considerable risk. Assuming that Cooper was not a paratrooper but was an Air Force veteran, Special Agent Larry Carr, who led the Cooper investigative team from 2006 until its dissolution in 2016, suggested the possibility that he was an aircraft cargo loader. Such an assignment would have given him knowledge and experience in the aviation field; and loaders—because they throw cargo out of flying aircraft—wear emergency parachutes and receive rudimentary jump training. Such training would have given Cooper a working knowledge of parachutes—but "not necessarily sufficient knowledge to survive the jump he made".

The FBI was skeptical of Cooper's odds of survival, concluding that he lacked crucial skydiving skills and experience. "We originally thought Cooper was an experienced jumper, perhaps even a paratrooper", said Carr. "We concluded after a few years this was simply not true. No experienced parachutist would have jumped in the pitch-black night, in the rain, with a wind in his face wearing loafers and a trench coat. It was simply too risky. He also missed that his reserve parachute was only for training and had been sewn shut, something a skilled skydiver would have checked." Cooper also failed to bring or request a helmet, jumped with a non-functional parachute into a probable wind at in November over Washington state without proper protection against the extreme wind chill.
The FBI speculated from the beginning that Cooper did not survive his jump. "Diving into the wilderness without a plan, without the right equipment, in such terrible conditions, he probably never even got his chute open", said Carr. Even if he did land safely, agents contended that survival in the mountainous terrain at the onset of winter would have been all but impossible without an accomplice at a predetermined landing point. This would have required a precisely timed jump—necessitating, in turn, cooperation from the flight crew. There is no evidence that Cooper requested or received any such help from the crew, nor that he had any clear idea where he was when he jumped into the stormy, overcast darkness. A 2009 National Geographic special "Robbery in the Sky" speculates on why Cooper and the larger part of the ransom have not been found .i.E. Cooper was killed when he fell into the Columbia River; the River at that time was part of a route for ocean going ships and Cooper remains and the ransom were caught by an ocean going ship. Part of the ransom money broke loose and drifted on to the sand bar where it was found. Cooper and the rest of the money received a burial at sea.
In October 2007, the FBI announced it was able to get a partial DNA profile of Cooper from the tie he left on the hijacked plane. The FBI warehouse had lost other material with his DNA. On December 31, 2007, the FBI revived the unclosed case: They published never before seen composite sketches and fact sheets online. They did this because some people might remember them, and help identify Cooper. In a press release, the FBI said that it still does not believe Cooper survived the jump, but wanted to know who Cooper was. In March 2008, the FBI announced that another possible clue was being investigated after a torn, tangled parachute was found within the bounds of Cooper's probable jump site near the town of Amboy, Washington. However, the FBI announced on April 1, 2008 that the parachute in question was not D. B. Cooper's. The man responsible for packing the four parachutes said that the recently discovered parachute was not Cooper's, as his was nylon, and the newly discovered parachute was silk, dating from the 1940s.

Normally, the criminal laws cannot work against people years after their crimes (statute of limitations). In 1976, to prevent D. B. Cooper from escaping punishment, a Portland grand jury charged D. B. Cooper with crimes.

Since 1999, Ariel, Washington holds an annual D. B. Cooper celebration on the anniversary of his jump.

He is said to be a "disabled veteran".



Alistair Darling

Alistair Maclean Darling, Baron Darling of Roulanish (28 November 1953 – 30 November 2023) was a British Labour Party politician who was the Chancellor of the Exchequer from June 2007 to May 2010 and also held several posts in Tony Blair's government. He was the Member of Parliament for Edinburgh South West.

Alistair Darling was born in London. He was first elected to the House of Commons at the 1987 General Election. His government posts under Tony Blair include: Chief Secretary to the Treasury (1997–1998), Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (1998–2002), Transport Secretary (2002–2006), Scottish Secretary (2003–2006), Secretary of State for Trade and Industry (2006–2007), and Chancellor of the Exchequer (2007–2010).

Alistair Darling died on 30 November 2023 after a short illness, at the age of 70. Gordon Brown, Keir Starmer, Jeremy Hunt and David Cameron were among those who paid tribute to him.

Moa

The moa were large, herbevores and were flightless birds with no wings. They lived only in New Zealand, and are now all extinct.

There were nine species (in six genera) of Moa. The largest and best known were the genus "Dinornis", which grew up to 3.6 meters (12 feet) tall, and weighed as much as 230 kilograms (510 pounds). 

The Māori people arrived in New Zealand from Oceania about 800 years ago. Then, moas lived in large numbers, especially on South Island. Archaeological sites with evidence of moa hunting are all over New Zealand. The moas became extinct about five hundred years ago. The moas had survived being hunted by Haast's eagle. However, they could not survive being hunted for food by the Maori.

Recent extinctions (also mostly birds) have been caused by habitat change and introduced species.


Malacology

Malacology is the study of molluscs. These animals include snails, slugs, octopus, squid, and bivalves generally, such as clams and mussels. Most of them have shells. The shells are often collected for their beauty and interest. Many people eat molluscs, especially those people who live near the ocean.

Those scientists who study molluscs are called "malacologists". They identify and classify them, and find out everything they can about their lives.

The gastropods are the most common type of mollusc. They have about 70,000 described species.

With 20,000 described species, bivalves are the second commonest class of molluscs. There are several classifications of bivalves in use. This is a rough guide:


Museums that have either exceptional malacological research collections (behind the scenes) and/or exceptional public exhibits of molluscs:


Placard

A placard is a sign made to inform people about something. Often, they are used to warn about danger. Very often, hazard symbols (special pictograms) are used. 

Sometimes, placard is also used to mean a leaflet that shows how a certain machine should be operated.

Budíkov

Budíkov is a village in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 283 people live there and it has 6,64 km². Budíkov was first documented in 1226.

Typha

Typha is a genus of plants. They are found in wetland habitats. They are commonly found in the Northern Hemisphere, but may be found in wetlands elsewhere. These plants are known in British English as bulrush, bullrush or reedmace, and in American English as cattail or punks.


Cattails were once used to make paper. Cattail paper is very heavy and coarse, and is rarely used today. Cattail has also been used as a water filter to remove the poisonous chemical arsenic from drinking water.

Sickle cell disease

Sickle cell anaemia is a genetic disease. It affects red blood cells. It changes the cells from flexible disks into rigid crescents. When many red cells take this shape veins get blocked. This can cause damage to many organs. The organ damage increases with time and leads to an early death.

This is a lifelong disease which starts in childhood. The red blood cells take up an abnormal, rigid, sickle shape. The cells also become sticky. This causes difficult blood flow when cells flow through long narrow capillaries. Low oxygen increases the problem. As they pass through low oxygen areas most cells take up this shape. The cells then stick to the inner wall of blood vessels, especially the branching point of veins. This leads to a blockade of blood flow in many organs. Severe complications may result.

The classic example of a sickle cell crisis is "acute chest syndrome"(ACS). This is unique to sicklers, and can cause death in a day or two unless treated. Historically, acute chest syndrome was considered different from infection (pneumonia). But in treatment there is not much point making that distinction.

ACS is a clinical diagnosis helped by at least one chest X-ray. In all other organs low oxygen causes widening of blood vessels. But the lung is a unique organ where blood vessels become narrower when oxygen is low. This unique problem makes the lung a major target of the disease. Fever is the most common symptom of ACS in children because infection is more common. In the adults circulating clots and broken pieces of bone marrow can also add to the blockage of vessels in the lung and lead to ACS. ACS can be partially treated by blood transfusion to dilute the sickled cells with some normal red blood cells. An even better treatment is a procedure called red blood cell exchange. Automated apheresis machines can do RBC exchange.

A milder and more frequent problem is 'painful crisis'. Painful crisis involves flank, back and thigh pains that can be relieved by treatment. A painful crisis may evolve into worse problems such as acute chest and other organ failures e.g. strokes, heart attacks. Both strokes and heart attacks are general problems which may happen in older people. But in sickle patients these can happen even in the young.

The spleen is involved differently in different ethnic groups with this disease. Spleen is the organ which filters old RBCs and destroys them. Old RBCs are stiff and cannot pass through some very narrow slits in the spleen. But in sickle patients all cells very quickly become stiff and thus keep clogging up the spleen. Starting from a very young age segments of the spleen die because of this problem. In the pure form of this disease the whole spleen is dead and shrunken before the patient become adult. Normal spleen keeps a large store of B cells which make antibodies and protect us from bacteria. Loss of a working spleen leads to loss of protection from such bacteria.

In many Asian populations beta thalassaemia occurs together with sickle cell disease. Thalassemia itself is another form of anaemia. But the nature of the two disease are opposite. Thalassemia increases red cell flexibility. However, thalassemia itself can be a serious disease.

The sickling occurs because of a single point mutation in the gene for the beta chain of haemoglobin. Sickle-cell disease occurs more commonly in people (or their descendants) from parts of tropical and sub-tropical regions where malaria is or was common. One quarter of all people of Sub-Saharan African origin carry the gene.

We all inherit two copies (alleles) of the hemoglobin beta gene. One comes each parent. Some people are heterozygous: they have the sickle mutation in one copy and the other copy is normal. Such people are called sickle trait or a carrier. People with sickle trait are more resistant to malaria than normal people.

When both alleles of a gene are similar (homozygous) a person has copies mutated or both normal. If both alleles have the mutation, it causes the full disease. In malaria prone areas, normal people die frequently of malaria often before they had children. Those with both copies with sickle mutation die of sickle disease before they can reproduce. But the heterozygotes have a better survival (and have more children) than both homozygous groups. Thus, the inheritance of the disease is an example of 'heterozygous advantage'.

In the full (homozygous) disease life expectancy is shortened, in fact it is near-fatal in pre-modern societies. Sir Cyril Clarke said (referring to East Africa in the 1960s) "Almost all the children (with sickle-cell disease) will die in infancy".. Studies in the modern U.S.A. report an average life expectancy of 42 years for males and 48 years for females.

David Miliband

David Wright Miliband (born 15 July 1965) is a British politician who was the Foreign Secretary from June 2007 to May 2010 and a member of Tony Blair's cabinet. He was the Member of Parliament for South Shields in Tyne and Wear. He is the CEO of the International Rescue Committee.

David Miliband was born in London to Polish-Jewish parents and is an atheist. He was raised in Primrose Hill, London. He is the elder son of Marxist Ralph Miliband and Marion Kozak. He is the elder brother of Labour leader Ed Miliband. He was educated at the University of Oxford and was the head of the Number 10 Policy Unit from 1997-2001. He was first elected in the 2001 general election. After being part of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown's governments, Miliband was a candidate in the 2010 Labour leadership contest. Despite Miliband being favourite to win the contest, his brother Ed narrowly won the contest in September 2010. Miliband chose not to be a member of Ed's shadow cabinet.

Jack Straw

John Whitaker 'Jack' Straw (born 3 August 1946 in Buckhurst Hill, Essex, England) is a British politician. He held several Cabinet posts in the Labour government under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Blackburn.

Jack Straw became a Labour Party MP at the 1979 General Election for the constituency of Blackburn. He was promoted to the shadow cabinet in 1987 and became the Home Secretary when Labour returned to power in 1997. His other cabinet posts included: Foreign Secretary (2001-2006), Leader of the House of Commons (2006-2007) and Justice Secretary (2007-2010). He did not choose to become a member of Ed Miliband's shadow cabinet.

Straw's first marriage, in 1968, to teacher Anthea Weston ended in divorce in 1977. They had a daughter, Rachel, born on 24 February 1976. She died after five days because of a heart defect.

Straw is of Jewish descent (his maternal great-grandmother was from an Eastern-European Jewish family). He himself is Christian.

On 10 November 1978 he married Alice Perkins, a senior civil servant. They have two adult children, William and Charlotte.

He supports his local football club Blackburn Rovers. He was made an Honorary Vice President of Blackburn Rovers in 1998 by Jack Walker.

Straw has tinnitus.

Jacqui Smith

Jacqueline Jill "Jacqui" Smith (born 3 November 1962) is an English politician. She was the first female Home Secretary of the United Kingdom. She was born in Malvern, Worcestershire. She was the Member of Parliament for the Redditch constituency. She was first elected in the 1997 general election. She lost her seat at the 2010 General Election.

She is a member of the Labour Party.

Smith married Richard Timney (born 1963 in Ealing, London) in October 1987 in Malvern, Worcestershire. They have two sons. 

In December 2008, it was discovered that Timney wrote a series of letters praising the work of Smith. These letters were sent to newspapers. He did not say that he was her husband and managing her constituency office.

In June 2008 the "Independent newspaper" reported that she was a season-ticket holder at Aston Villa Football Club.

Des Browne, Baron Browne of Ladyton

Desmond ""Des"" Henry Browne, Baron Browne (born March 22, 1952) is a Scottish politician and was Secretary of State for Defence and Secretary of State for Scotland. He was first elected in the 1997 general election, and was the Member of Parliament for the Kilmarnock and Loudoun constituency in the United Kingdom until 2010, when he was created a Life Peer 

He is a member of the Labour Party.

Alan Johnson

Alan Arthur Johnson (born 17 May 1950) is an English politician and former Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer. He was born and raised in London. He has been the Member of Parliament for the Hull West and Hessle constituency in the East Riding of Yorkshire since the 1997 general election.

He is a member of the Labour Party.

Johnson has been married twice. His first marriage was to Judith Elizabeth Cox. They had one son and two daughters. After his divorce he married Laura Jane Patient in 1991. They had a son, born in 2000.

Hilary Benn

Hilary James Wedgwood Benn (born 26 November 1953) is an English politician. He was born in Hammersmith, west London. Since October 2010, he has been the Shadow Leader of the House of Commons. He is the Member of Parliament for the Leeds Central constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in 1999 in a by-election. He is a member of the Labour Party. He is the middle son of Tony Benn (1925-2014) and Caroline Benn (1926-2000).

Douglas Alexander

Douglas Garven Alexander (born October 26, 1967) is a Scottish politician. Before the 2010 General election he was Secretary of State for International Development, afterwards he became the Shadow Secretary of State for International Development and is now Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. He is the Member of Parliament for the Paisley and Renfrewshire South constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in 1997 in a by-election. 

He is a member of the Labour Party.

John Hutton, Baron Hutton of Furness

John Matthew Patrick Hutton, Baron Hutton of Furness (born 6 May 1955) is an English politician. He is a member of the Labour Party.

He was the Member of Parliament for the Barrow and Furness constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1992 general election, and retired in 2010. In March 2011 he published a report on public sector pension reform.

The report states that radical reform to the pension plans of six million public sector workers still leave them with "hugely generous" settlements. The retirement crisis has been caused by the scrapping of gold-plated final salary pension schemes for private sector workers coinciding with low-interest rates and a lacklustre stock market. House prices have also fallen. "Future pensioners are likely to be confronted by a crisis of expectations and a squeeze in income", the report warns.

Harriet Harman

Harriet Ruth Harman (born 30 July 1950) is a British politician who was the Deputy Leader of the Labour Party from 2007 to 2015. She was born and raised in West London. She is the Member of Parliament for the Camberwell and Peckham constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. She was first elected for Peckham in a by-election in 1982.

She has held cabinet posts in the Labour governments of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. Following Brown's resignation as Labour leader on 11 May 2010, Harman was the acting leader of the Labour Party until Ed Miliband was elected on September 25, 2010. Until 2015 she was the Deputy Leader and ex-officio member of the Shadow Cabinet. She was also Shadow Deputy Prime Minister and Shadow Secretary of State for International Development.

On February 24 2014, Harman's was on "Newsnight" to say that she did not support the Paedophile Information Exchange.
Harman would not say sorry.

Harman is a feminist. She married Jack Dromey in 1982. The couple have two sons and a daughter. Dromey died in 2022.

James Purnell

James Mark Dakin Purnell (born March 2, 1970) was an English politician was Secretary of State for Work and Pensions in 2010. He was the Member of Parliament for the Stalybridge and Hyde constituency in the United Kingdom from the elected in the 2001 general election until he retired at the 2010 general election. He is currently the Head of the Open Left project at the left leaning think tank Demos

He is a member of the Labour Party.

Paul Murphy, Baron Murphy of Torfaen

Paul Peter Murphy, KCMCO, KSG (born November 25, 1948) is a Welsh politician and held several cabinet posts, including Secretary of State for Wales. He is the Member of Parliament for the Torfaen constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1987 general election. 

He is a member of the Labour Party.

Ruth Kelly

Ruth Maria Kelly (born May 9, 1968) is now an economist working for the HSBC Bank. She was a British politician and had been a Cabinet Minister. 

She was the Member of Parliament for the Bolton West constituency in the United Kingdom from the 1997 general election to the 2010 general election

She is a member of the Labour Party.

Hazel Blears

Hazel Anne Blears (born May 14, 1956) is an English politician. She was the Member of Parliament for the Salford and Eccles constituency from 1997 to 2015. She was first elected in the 1997 general election as member for the Salford constituency. 

She held several government posts under Prime Ministers Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, including Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government, up until the 2010 general election

She is a member of the Labour Party.

Geoff Hoon

Geoffrey William Hoon (born 6 December 1953) is an English politician and held several government posts. He was born in Derby. He was the Member of Parliament for the Ashfield constituency in the United Kingdom from his first elected in the 1992 general election until he retired in 2010.

Hoon is a member of the Labour Party.

Ed Balls

Edward Michael "Ed" Balls (born 25 February 1967) is a British current television presenter and a former politician who is currently presenter for the ITV breakfast show Good Morning Britain. He was the shadow Home Secretary in Ed Miliband's shadow cabinet. He was born in Norwich, Norfolk and moved to Nottinghamshire during his childhood. He is the Labour Party and was theCo-operative Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Morley and Outwood in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

He was first elected in the 2005 general election and held the post of Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families from June 2007 to May 2010. He was a candidate to become leader of the Labour Party in September 2010 and lost to Ed Miliband. Ed Balls lost his seat in the 2015 general election

Ed Miliband

Edward Samuel Miliband (born 24 December 1969) is a British politician. He was the leader of the Labour Party and of the Official Opposition. He is also the Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Doncaster North, and is a former cabinet minister.

He was born in University College Hospital, Bloomsbury, London and raised in Primrose Hill. His parents were Polish-Jewish immigrants. He is the younger son of the Marxist thinker Ralph Miliband. At the London School of Economics, he obtained a Master's degree in Economics, and then became an advisor to Labour politicians such as Harriet Harman and Gordon Brown. At the 2005 general election, he was elected to be the MP for Doncaster North. His first job in government was as the "Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change", which he took up on October 3, 2008 and remained as until Labour lost the 2010 General Election.

In September 2010, he defeated his brother David Miliband by a small number of votes to become leader of the Labour Party.

He resigned as leader in May 2015 after Labour lost to the Conservative Party in the 2015 General Election. Jeremy Corbyn replaced him.

Andy Burnham

Andrew Murray Burnham (born 7 January 1970) is an English politician. He was a candidate in the 2010 Labour leadership election. As of 2012 Burnham was Shadow Secretary of State for Health within Ed Miliband's Shadow Cabinet. He is the Member of Parliament for the Leigh constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 2001 general election. 

Burnham was born in Old Roan, Aintree, Lancashire and raised in Culcheth, Warrington.

He is a member of the Labour Party.

On 5 May 2017, he was elected mayor of Greater Manchester.

Shaun Woodward

Shaun Anthony Woodward (born 26 October 1958 in Bristol, England) is a British politician and is the Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland in Ed Miliband's shadow cabinet. He is the Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of St Helens South in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. 

He was first elected in the 1997 general election as the Conservative Party MP for the constituency of Witney but changed to Labour in 1999. At the 2001 General Election he was made the MP for the St Helens South constituency and was the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 2007 to 2010. When Ed Miliband became Labour leader, Shaun Woodward was made the Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland. 

Yvette Cooper

Yvette Cooper (born 20 March 1969) is a British politician who is currently the Shadow Home Secretary since 29 November 2021.

Cooper is the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford constituency in the United Kingdom. She is a member of the Labour Party. Her husband, Ed Balls, represents the neighbouring constituency of Morley and Outwood.

She served in the Cabinet between 2008 and 2010 under Prime Minister Gordon Brown. She was Chief Secretary to the Treasury and then Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. After Labour lost the 2010 general election, Cooper was appointed Shadow Foreign Secretary, then in 2011 Shadow Home Secretary.


John Denham

John Yorke Denham (born July 15, 1953) is an English politician. He is the Member of Parliament for the Southampton Itchen constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1992 general election. 

Denham has held the following positions:

He is a member of the Labour Party.

Limnology

Limnology is the study of waters that are not part of the oceans or seas. This includes rivers, lakes, swamps, streams, wetlands, water under the ground, and even bodies of water made by people. Scientists who study this are called "limnologists". Their work includes biology, chemistry, physics, geology, and hydrology.
The "International Society of Limnology" promotes limnology to scientists throughout the world. There are many centres for such research throughout the world. 

Limnology helps to explain why some lakes have lots of plants and animals and some have very few. The Freshwater Biological Association which is based next to Windermere in England did a lot of the early work. Limnologists there worked out why deep lakes have cold water at the bottom in summer-time but not in Winter. The reason was that winds in Autumn mix the waters up.

Toyota RAV4

The Toyota RAV4 is a small sized SUV made by Toyota. Toyota has made the RAV4 since 1994 and sold it in America since 1996. The RAV4 is sold in a 4-door with an optional V6 engine. It is more of a car-like SUV than a truck sized one. The RAV4 EV was an electric version sold in California from 1996 to 2003. The RAV4 competes with the similar Honda CR-V, Subaru Forester, and Ford Escape. RAV4 stands for Recreational Active Vehicle with 4-wheel-drive but RAV4s may just come with 2-wheel drive. It’s a versatile car with good fuel economy and favorable on-road manners. The car is powered by a 2.5-liter four-cylinder engine along with six-speed automatic gear options.

Toyota RAV4 is one of the first cars introduced in small crossover SUV market. All-in-all Toyota RAV4 is an impressive well-equipped compact SUV with no major pitfalls.

Toyota MR2

The Toyota MR2 and MR2 Spyder were sports cars made by Toyota. They were sold from 1984 until 2007. The MR2 is a mid-engine sports car, similar to cars by Ferrari and Porsche. MR2 is an acronym for midship, rear-wheel-drive, two-seater.

Wheaton College

Wheaton College is a private Evangelical Protestant college in Wheaton, Illinois, a suburb west of Chicago in the United States. It was founded in 1860.


Sacred site

A sacred site is a place that is thought of as sacred (or holy) to a particular religion. Every one of the world's major religions has sacred sites. Some religions, such as Islam & Hinduism, think of the sacred sites as being very important to their faith. In other religions such as Protestant Christianity, sacred sites are not so important.

The idea that a place is sacred often comes from something that has happened at the place, or a religious story about that place. Mount Sinai is a sacred site for Jews and Christians because it was on Mount Sinai that Moses received the Ten Commandments of God.

The "sacred site" might be a natural site, or it might be a building of some sort. One of the most famous natural sites that is also a sacred site is Uluru (also called Ayre's Rock) in Central Australia. It is believed to have been sacred to the aboriginal people for about 40,000 years. Other famous natural sites are the sacred trees of India, Japan and South East Asia.

Very often, buildings have been made on natural sites that were already thought of as sacred. For example, a spring of water coming from the ground might be said to have healing powers. A special well-house might be built around the spring to protect it, and as a place where people might leave offerings (gifts to a god).

Other sites are thought of as sacred because a holy person or saint lived there, or died there, or their body is kept there. The Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem is one of the most sacred sites to Christianity because it is believed that Jesus' body was placed in a tomb there. The city of Mecca is sacred to all Muslim people as the birthplace of the prophet Muhammad.

Many people make a special visit to a sacred site. This is called a pilgrimage. A person who travels on pilgrimage is called a "pilgrim". Pilgrimage is very important in Islam, because every Muslim person is expected to make a pilgrimage to the city of Mecca once in their lifetime, if they can possibly do so.

Many Christians also make pilgrimages to sacred sites. Pilgrimage became very important in the Middle Ages when thousands of people travelled to many sacred sites, particularly to Jerusalem, to the famous Christian basilicas of Rome, to the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela in Spain and Canterbury Cathedral in England. In modern times, sacred sites of Christian pilgrimage include Assisi in Italy, Lourdes in France, Fatima in Portugal and the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico City.

In Buddhism, the sacred sites are four places in India where Buddha lived and preached. These are Kapilavastu, Bodh Gaya, Benares and Kusinagara.


Basil II

Basil II (958 – December 15, 1025), was a Byzantine emperor from the Macedonian dynasty from January 10, 976 to December 15, 1025. Under his reign, the Byzantine Empire reached its greatest height since Justinian the Great. Under his reign, the First Bulgarian Empire was completely taken by him, a land that would be part of his empire for 150 years. Because of this, the northern part of the Roman Empire touched the Danube river for the first time in several hundred years. He also took land towards the east. 



Battle of Manzikert

The Battle of Manzikert, or Malazgirt (Turkish: "Malazgirt Sav") was fought between the Byzantine Empire and then Seljuq Empire. The Seljuq forces attacked on August 26, 1071 near Manzikert, (modern Malazgirt, Turkey). Its result was one of the most decisive defeats of the Byzantine Empire and the capture of the Byzantine Emperor Romanos IV Diogenes. The Battle of Manzikert played an important role in breaking the Byzantine resistance and preparing the way for the Turkish settlement in Anatolia.



Mark Lawrenson

Mark Thomas Lawrenson (born 2 June 1957, in Preston, Lancashire) is a former professional football player, a defender in the Liverpool and Irishfootball teams of the 1980s; he has since become a radio, television and internet pundit for the BBC. 

Despite being born in England, UK, he played for the Republic of Ireland national football team due to his Irish ancestry.


Red Square

Red Square (, ) is the most famous city square in Moscow, Russia. The square separates the Kremlin, the former royal citadel and currently the official residence of the President of Russia, from a historic merchant quarter known as Kitay-gorod (China-Town). As major streets of Moscow radiate from here in all directions, being promoted to major highways outside the city, the Red Square is often considered the central square of Moscow and of all Russia.

Red Square and the Kremlin are a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Joseph Stalin's body was preserved near Red Square, in Lenin's mausoleum. It was later moved and reburied deep behind the Kremlin Wall without any ceremony.

Red Square is a popular tourist attraction in Russia.


George I of Great Britain

George I (George Louis; 28 May 1660 – 11 June 1727) was the ruler of Hanover in North Germany and later also the King of Great Britain and Ireland.

George was born in Osnabrück, Germany, on 28 May 1660. He lived most of his life in the Electorate of Hanover, one of the many German countries that was part of the Holy Roman Empire. This area is today part of Germany. He married his cousin Sophia Dorothea (the daughter of his father's brother George William) in 1682.

On 10 November 1683, their first child and only son, George Augustus, was born. When George Louis was King of Great Britain, George Augustus was the Prince of Wales. When the father died, the son became king, as George II.

On 16 March 1687, their second child and only daughter was born. She was called Sophia Dorothea, after her mother. She later married and became the Queen in Prussia. Because she was married, she did not live in Britain with her father, but in Prussia with her husband.

George and his wife drifted apart, because he preferred his mistress Melusine, with whom he had three daughters, Anna, Melusine and Margaret. Meanwhile, his wife was having an affair with Count Philip Christopher of Königsmarck, who was found dead in a river, rumoured to have been murdered on George's orders.

The marriage was ended in 1694, on the grounds that Sophia Dorothea had effectively abandoned George. Sophia Dorothea's father, George William, and George Louis, had Sophia Dorothea imprisoned in Ahlden Castle in Celle, where she was unable to see her father, former husband, or children.

In 1698, his father died and George became the ruler ("Prince-elector") of Hanover.

When Queen Anne of Great Britain died in 1714, an act of parliament said the next ruler must be a Protestant. George was not the closest relative, but was the closest Protestant one. All the closer relatives were Roman Catholic, so George became King of Great Britain and Ireland on 1 August 1714. He was the first ruler of Great Britain from his family, the House of Hanover.

Many of the British people did not like the new king. It is often said that he could not actually speak English. This may have been true at first, but he sometimes wrote in English later in his reign. George spent less time running the country than previous monarchs and allowed Parliament to have a bigger role. Later on, he left Robert Walpole in charge of running the country. Walpole became the first British prime minister, although the word "prime minister" was not used at the time.

He died while travelling from England to Hanover on 11 June 1727.

Official Opposition (United Kingdom)

His Majesty's Loyal Opposition, or the Official Opposition in the United Kingdom is led by The Leader of the Opposition. This is usually the political party with the second largest number of seats in the House of Commons, as the largest party will usually form the government. Since May, 2010, the Official Opposition has been the Labour Party.

Leader of the Opposition (United Kingdom)

The Leader of the Opposition (sometimes known as the Leader of the Opposition in the House of Commons) in the United Kingdom is the politician who leads Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition. The Leader of the Opposition is normally the leader of the second largest party in the House of Commons.

The current Leader of the Opposition is Sir Keir Starmer, the Leader of the Labour Party. Starmer was elected to that position on 4 April 2020.

David Davis

David Michael Davis (born 23 December 1948) is an English politician. He is a member of the Conservative Party. In July 2016, Davis became the first Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union under the Theresa May cabinet.

Davis was born in York and raised in south London.

He was the Shadow Home Secretary from 2003 - 2008. He is the Member of Parliament for the Haltemprice and Howden constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1987 general election for the Boothferry constituency.

On 12 June 2008, Davis said he was going to resign as an MP, and was immediately replaced as Shadow Home Secretary. This was intended to force a by-election in his seat, for which he intended to seek re-election by mounting a specific campaign designed to provoke wider public debate about the erosion of civil liberties in the United Kingdom. Following his formal resignation as an MP on 18 June 2008, he officially became the Conservative candidate in the resulting by-election and won it on 10 July 2008.

In 2017, Davis proposed a new treaty between UK and EU to fight crime and terror, after series of terrorist incidents in UK. In September 2017, he stated that UK was to remain as the part of Europol. However, EU is said to have refused to discuss Europol, which exchanges crime and counter-terrorism information and intelligence, until it judges that "sufficient progress" has been been on the financial settlement, Ireland and citizen's rights after Brexit. 

On 8 July 2018 Davis resigned as Brexit Secretary.

William Hague

William Jefferson Hague, Baron Hague of Richmond (pronounced "HAIG"; born 26 March 1961) is a British politician. He was Foreign Secretary and First Secretary of State. He was the leader of the Conservative Party from June 1997 to September 2001. He was the Member of Parliament for the Richmond (York) constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

William Hague was born in Rotherham in West Riding of Yorkshire, England. He first gained national attention when he spoke at the 1977 Conservative Party conference aged 16. He was educated at the University of Oxford. Hague first became a Member of Parliament at a by-election in 1989. In 1995, William Hague was made the Secretary of State for Wales until 1997 when the Conservatives lost the general election. He was elected as Conservative Party leader in 1997. Following the Conservative's defeat in the 2001 General Election, he resigned from the position and was succeeded by Iain Duncan Smith.

He went on to write biographies of William Pitt the Younger and William Wilberforce. In 2005, when David Cameron became the Conservative Party leader, Hague was made the Shadow Foreign Secretary and Secretary of State.

Hague became the Foreign Secretary after the 2010 election in the Conservative Liberal Democrat coalition government. Issues that he was involved in included the Arab Spring and Syrian Civil War as well as the crisis in Crimea. Hague thinks Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be removed from power, and the Cameron government wanted to help the opposition with air strikes in 2013, but Parliament did not agree and the plans did not go forward. Hague did not run for reelection in the 2015 election and mostly retired from politics after that. He was made a member of the House of Lords as Baron Hague of Richmond, where he is a member today.


George Osborne

George Gideon Oliver Osborne (born 23 May 1971) is a former British politician and newspaper editor. 

Osborne was the Chancellor of the Exchequer from 2010 to 2016 in the David Cameron government. He was the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for the Tatton constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. He was an MP from 2001 to 2017.

George Osborne was born in Paddington, London, England and was educated at the University of Oxford. He became an MP in 2001 and entered the shadow cabinet in 2004. In 2005, Osborne was made the Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer by Michael Howard and held this post when David Cameron became leader of the Conservative Party. 

Osborne became Chancellor of the Exchequer on 11 May 2010 and outlined £6.2 billion worth of cuts to help reduce the budget deficit. He left office on 13 July 2016 when Theresa May became Prime Minister. He was replaced by Philip Hammond. In April 2017 he said he would not stand in the 2017 general election. He was made a Companion of Honour in the 2016 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours. He was editor of the "Evening Standard" from 2017 to 2020.

Osborne is part of the old Anglo-Irish aristocracy, known in Ireland as the "Ascendancy". He is the heir to the Osborne baronetcy (of Ballentaylor, in County Tipperary, and Ballylemon, in County Waterford).

"Private Eye" wrote about the relationship between Osborne and "Evening Standard" owner Evgeny Lebedev. Russian oligarch Lebedev appointed Osborne as editor. The "Evening Standard" is now called "The Standard". 

During Osborne's time as Chancellor of the Exchequer he regularly pledged Treasury money to "Standard" charitable campaigns. In September 2015, the newspaper ranked Osborne in joint-first place on its annual 'Progress 1000' list of the most influential people in London. It also said that, as Chancellor, Osborne failed to tackle the advantageous tax status for so-called "non-doms" (foreign wealthy people). Lebedev's paper strongly supported the Conservative Party in the 2015 general election and the Conservatives' candidate Zac Goldsmith in the 2016 London mayoral election.

Trojanus of Saintes

Trojanus of Saintes (died c.530) was a 6 century bishop of Saintes, in France. 

He is a Catholic saint, also known as Trojan and Troyen. His feast day is held on 30 November.

530

530 was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.



Celestus microblepharis

Celestus microblepharis are a kind of lizard of the Anguidae family. It can only be found in Jamaica.

Anguidae

Anguidae is a family of lizards.

Family Anguidae

Celestus

Celestus is a genus of lizards.

Genus "Celestus"

Celestus warreni

Celestus warreni (also known as the Warren's galliwasp or the giant Hispaniolan galliwasp) is a kind of lizard of the Anguidae family. It can be found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests underneath leaf litter and underneath forest debris. Giant galliwasps are opportunistic predators that feed on insects, earthworms, small mammals, and other reptiles. 

It is threatened by habitat loss.

Duquesney's galliwasp

Celestus duquesneyi (also known as the Duquesney's galliwasp or blue-tailed galliwasp) is a kind of lizard of the Anguidae family. It can only be found in Jamaica.

Celestus fowleri

Celestus fowleri is a kind of lizard in the Anguidae family. It only lives in Jamaica.

Jamaica giant galliwasp

The Jamaica giant galliwasp (Celestus occiduus) was a kind of lizard of the Anguidae family. It was only found in Jamaica, and it is now extinct.

Tammy Wynette

Virginia Wynette Pugh (usually known as Tammy Wynette, May 5, 1942 – April 6, 1998), was an American country music singer. She was born in Mississippi.

The best-known of her songs is "Stand by Your Man". She had 17 number-one hits during her career.

She died of pulmonary thrombosis.

Wynette was married 5 times. Her third husband was George Jones, also a singer of country music.





Tricity

Triciti (Polish Trójmiasto) is the unofficial name of an urban area with 3 cities: Gdańsk, Gdynia and Sopot in Pomeranian Voivodeship. Tricity is a big centre for tourism.

Kaliningrad Oblast

Kaliningrad Oblast (, "Kaliningradskaya oblast") is an exclave of Russia bordered by Poland, Lithuania and Baltic Sea. The capital of Kaliningrad Oblast is Kaliningrad, formerly Königsberg.

It is quite unusual, first because it is not attached to Russia. It is an exclave on the Baltic coast, with no land connection to the rest of Russia. It has a population of 941,873 (2010 Census). It has a continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Its territory was part of historical East Prussia (German: Nord-Ostpreussen), which was an exclave of Germany from 1919 until 1945. That year, it was occupied by the Soviet Union as a result of the World War II. The region was later annexed to the Soviet Union under border changes of the Potsdam Agreement, when it was attached to the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR). Most of its German population were fled west to West Germany during the last months of the war. The rest were expelled between 1944 and 1950. Russian settlers were moved in and the population is now mainly Russian. As of the 2010 census, only a small number of ethnic Germans remain; most of the several thousand who live in the oblast are recent immigrants from other parts of the former Soviet Union.

Coat of arms of Poland

A official Coat of Arms of Poland is the White Eagle with golden crown in its head on red shield.

The White Eagle came from a legend about Lech.

Christianization

Christianization is when a country, nation or region changes their faith to Christianity. It can be started when a local ruler is baptized.

Adam Sandler

Adam Richard Sandler (born September 9, 1966) is an American actor, comedian, musician, screenwriter and movie producer. His family is Jewish, and descends from Russian Jewish immigrants on both sides. He is best known for comedy movies, such as "Happy Gilmore", "The Wedding Singer", "Little Nicky", "Spanglish", "I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry", "You Don't Mess with the Zohan" and "Uncut Gems". He also starred in a dramatic role for "Reign Over Me".

Sandler was born in New York City, and grew up in New Hampshire.

Sandler's influences include "Weird Al" Yankovic, Beastie Boys, Bill Cosby, Chris Rush, Dennis Miller, Eddie Murphy, Jerry Lewis, Joe Piscopo, Mel Brooks, Redd Foxx, Sam Kinison, Steve Martin and The Blues Brothers as influences.


Anguis

Anguis is a member of legless lizards also known as slowworms or blindworms. belonging to the genus Anguidae. Even though they are lizards, slow worms have lost their legs and are usually mistaken for snakes.

Subfamily Anguinae

Anguis fragilis

Anguis fragilis (the slow-worm, or blindworm) is a lizard which is limbless (meaning it has no legs or arms). It has a wide distribution in Europe and Asia, and is one of the few reptiles native to Britain.

When a slow-worm is in danger it can shed (break off) its tail and escape. It can then grow back a new, shorter tail, which it cannot shed.

The female often has a stripe along the back and the male may have blue spots.

Instead of laying eggs, the females give birth to live young (viviparous birth). In the days leading up to birth the female can often be seen basking in the sun on a warm road. 

Slow-worms are often called snakes, but they are not. Slow-worms can blink, but snakes cannot. They shed their skin in patches like other lizards, rather than the whole skin as most snakes do.

Adult slow-worms grow to be about 50 centimetres long. They are known for their very long life. One was said to have been fifty four years old. 

There are not as many slow-worms as there used to be. Many places where they used to live have been built on. In gardens they can be killed by cats.

Major League Baseball on ESPN Radio

Major League Baseball on ESPN Radio is a broadcast presentation of Major League Baseball on ESPN Radio. The games include the Opening Day game, the Sunday Night Baseball games, Saturday afternoon games, holiday games (like Memorial Day games) and September pennant race games. The All-Star Game and all of the playoffs can also be heard on ESPN Radio including the Division Series, League Championship Series and the World Series.

In addition to affiliate stations on AM/FM radio, ESPN Radio's game broadcasts are also on XM Satellite Radio. They are not included in the subscription "Gameday Audio" package on MLB.com, however.

On September 27, 1997, ESPN outbid CBS Radio to become the exclusive national radio broadcaster of Major League Baseball. This was very surprising, considering that CBS Radio had been the national broadcaster since 1976. 

The agreement lasted seven years through 2004 and gave ESPN Radio the rights to broadcast numerous games including opening Day, "Sunday Night Baseball", Saturday "Game of the Week", holiday games, September pennant race games, the All-Star Game and all of the playoffs, including the World Series.

Then on October 21, 2004, ESPN Radio extended its then seven year relationship with Major League Baseball with a five year, $55 million dollar contract extension through the 2010 season.

The agreement also added a weekly program devoted to baseball, which became "The Baseball Show" from 3 p.m. ET to 7 p.m. ET on Sundays during the regular season. The program is hosted by John Seibel and Steve Phillips.

ESPN Radio's lead broadcasting crew consists of Gary Thorne and Dave Campbell. Thorne succeeded Dan Shulman, who had called for the network since 2002; Shulman, in turn, had been preceded by Charley Steiner from 1998-2002. Campbell replaced Kevin Kennedy as analyst in 2000. The pregame host for all of the games since its debut has been Joe D'Ambrosio.

The broadcast team for the World Series and one League Championship Series is Jon Miller and Hall of Famer Joe Morgan. During all of the games there is also the "ESPN Radio SportsCenter" every twenty minutes with live cut ins during the games.

Calixa Lavallée

Calixa Lavallée, (born Quebec, 28 December 1842; died Boston, 21 January 1891), was a Canadian-American composer. For many years he was a travelling musician. Later he worked hard to improve music education in Canada. He is famous for composing the music for the Canadian national anthem "O Canada".

Lavallée was born into a French-Canadian family. Originally his name was Calixte Paquet. His father made musical instruments and played in a band. He learned to play the piano, violin and cornet. He went to the United States and played in a band during the American Civil War. For many years he travelled, playing and teaching. He became the music director and superintendent Grand Opera House which put on minstrel shows rather than proper operas. When the theatre closed in 1872 he went back to Montreal. His friends got enough money together to help him go to France to study at the Paris Conservatoire. There he studied under famous teachers including Boieldieu.

When he went back to Canada he wanted to help to improve the state of music education there. He small music school in Quebec but it was always difficult for him to get money from the authorities. He composed the music to “O Canada” which soon became the Canadian national anthem.

Shortly after that he went to the United States again. He became music director of the Roman Catholic cathedral in Boston and became very active with the Music Teachers’ National Association. He died of tuberculosis in 1891. In 1933, his remains were taken back to Montreal where they were buried in the cemetery.

Besides the tune to "O Canada", Lavallée wrote many works, including some comic operas: "Loulou", "Tiq" and "The King of Diamonds". Most of the music that was published consists of his lighter pieces, including a short piece for piano called "Papillon" ("Butterfly") which became extremely popular in North America as well as Europe.


Sepsis

Sepsis is a very dangerous disease that occurs when an infection goes wrong. Normally the immune system of the body is able to fight the germs and overcome the infection, but in sepsis something goes wrong. The pathogen was at some point able to get into the blood or tissues. The term sepsis is frequently used to refer to septicemia (blood poisoning). Septicemia is only one type of sepsis. Bacteremia specifically refers to the presence of bacteria in the bloodstream (viremia and fungemia are the terms used for viruses and fungi). A sepsis is a medical emergency, as it can put the life in danger, if it is not acted on.

Common symptoms of sepsis are inflammations all over the body. This is often combined with high fever. Today, people believe, these symptoms are caused by the immune system trying to fight the disease. Because of the strong reactions, organs can be damaged in the process. In a sense, the immune system over-reacts the germs and goes wrong, causing damage to the organs.

In the United States, sepsis is the leading cause of death for ICU patients which do not have heart problems. Data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows it is the tenth most common cause of death overall. Older people, those with a weak immune system and those with a strong illness suffer from sepis more often. It is also more dangerous to them. It occurs in 1%-2% of all hospitalizations and accounts for as much as 25% of intensive care unit (ICU) bed utilization. It is a major cause of death in intensive care units worldwide, with mortality rates that range from 20% for sepsis to 40% for "severe sepsis" to over 60% for "septic shock".

Severe sepsis and septic shock are more severe forms of sepsis. With severe sepsis, one or more organs fail to work. Septic shock is when sepsis is combined with very low blood pressure.

Today, the bacterial forms of sepsis can be treated with antibiotics. In addition, the fluids (blood) containing the germs have to be replaced. It might also be necessary to functionally replace the organs that failed. It is important to begin to treat the sepsis as quickly as possible, as each hour it is left untreated will raise the chances of death by 5% to 10%.

About half the people affected and untreated die from the condition. Rapid access to treatment will increase the chances of survival in most cases.


Patrick McLoughlin

Patrick Allen McLoughlin, Baron McLoughlin, (born 30 November 1957) is an English politician and the current Chief Whip, which is the same job he had in opposition. He was first elected in 1986 in a by-election as the Member of Parliament for the West Derbyshire constituency in the United Kingdom, and since 2010 for its successor, the Derbyshire Dales constituency.

He is a member of the Conservative Party. On 14 July 2016, he became Chairman of the Conservative Party and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, under the new Prime Minister Theresa May. He resigned as Chairman on 8 January 2018 and was succeeded by Brandon Lewis.

McLoughlin was born in Stafford on 30 November 1957, the son and grandson of coal miners. He was educated at the Cardinal Griffin Roman Catholic School in Cannock, Staffordshire, and Staffordshire College of Agriculture at Rodbaston College. From 1974, he worked for five years as a farm worker and, after 1979, worked underground at the Littleton Colliery in Cannock. He was a member of the National Union of Mineworkers, and became an industrial representative for the National Coal Board's Western Area Marketing Department.

He was knighted in the Resignation Honours of David Cameron in 2016. In Theresa May's Resignation Honours in September 2019, he was made a Companion of Honour.


Oliver Letwin

Oliver Letwin, a MP and a FRSA (born 19 May 1956) is an English politician. He is currently the Minister of State at the Cabinet Office as well as the Chairman of Policy Review, and Chairman of the Conservative Research Department. He is the Member of Parliament for the West Dorset constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1997 general election.

He is a member of the Conservative Party.

He married Isabel Grace Davidson on 14 September 1984 in Cambridge. They have a twin son and daughter born in July 1993.


Caroline Spelman

Dame Caroline Alice Spelman (née Cormack, born 4 May 1958) is an English politician. She was born in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire. She is the Meriden constituency in England. She was first elected in the 1997 general election.

In May 2010 she became Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs in David Cameron's coalition cabinet, and was sworn as a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010. She served in this role until September 2012, when she was dismissed in a cabinet reshuffle. In 2015, she became Second Church Estates Commissioner.

She is a member of the Conservative Party.

Philip Hammond

Philip Hammond, Baron Hammond of Runnymede (born 4 December 1955) is an English politician. He was born in Epping, Essex. He became Chancellor of the Exchequer in 2016. He became Secretary of State for Transport on 12 May 2010, and a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010. He was the first Member of Parliament for the Runnymede and Weybridge constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1997 general election. In 2017, he announced the Midlands Engine Strategy.

He was a member of the Conservative Party until 2019. He was suspended from the party after voting against the government in a bill to remove the possibility of a no-deal Brexit.

Andrew Mitchell

Andrew John Bower Mitchell (born 23 March 1956) is an English politician. He was born in Hampstead, London. He was appointed as Secretary of State for International Development on 12 May 2010, and as a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Sutton Coldfield constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1987 general election for the Gedling constituency but lost in 1997. He returned to parliament in the 2001 general election. 

His father, David Mitchell (1928-2014), was also an MP.

He is a member of the Conservative Party.

In 2007 he started Project Umubano.

On 19 September 2012 he allegedly said to a police officer, 'You don't run this fucking government... You're fucking plebs.' The media called what happened 'Plebgate'. 

David Mundell

David Gordon Mundell (born May 27, 1962) is a British politician and is the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland. He is the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for the Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale constituency in the United Kingdom. Currently, he is the only Conservative Party MP who represents a Scottish constituency. In July 2016, Mundell became the Secretary of State for Scotland.

David Mundell was born in Dumfries, Scotland and was educated at the University of Edinburgh. In 1999 and 2003, he was elected as a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the South of Scotland region however resigned as an MSP following the 2005 General Election when he was elected as an MP. From December 2005 to the 2010 General Election, he was the Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland. After the 2010 election, a Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition was formed and because the Liberal Democrats have more Scottish MP's than the Conservatives, a Liberal Democrat was given the post of Scottish secretary.

On 13 January 2016, Mundell came out as gay on his personal website.

He was previously married to Lynda Carmichael but the couple have divorced. He has three children, one of whom, Oliver Mundell, is a Conservative candidate for the Scottish Parliament in May 2016.

Cheryl Gillan

Dame Cheryl Elise Kendall Gillan (21 April 1952 – 4 April 2021) was a British politician. She was the Secretary of State for Wales from 2010 to 2012. She was a Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the Chesham and Amersham constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1992 to 2021. Gillan was born in Cardiff, Wales.

She was first elected in the 1992 general election and became the Shadow Secretary of State for Wales in 2005. When the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition was formed on 11 May 2010, she became the Secretary of State for Wales. She was dismissed from this post in a cabinet reshuffle in 2012.

She was the Chair of the 1922 committee from May until September 2019. This is the powerful committee of backbench Conservative MPs in the House of Commons.

Gillan was diagnosed with breast cancer in June 2020. She died on 4 April 2021 in Epsom, England from the disease at the age of 68.

Owen Paterson

Owen William Paterson (born June 24, 1956 in Shropshire, England) is a British politician who was the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland. He was a Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of North Shropshire in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

He was first elected in the 1997 general election and first entered the shadow cabinet in 2007.


Alan Duncan

Alan James Carter Duncan (born 31 March 1957) is an English politician and a former Minister of State in the Department for International Development. He was born in Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire.

He is the Member of Parliament for the Rutland and Melton constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1992 general election.

He is a member of the Conservative Party.

He is openly gay and in a civil partnership with James Dunseath.

Theresa May

Theresa Mary, Lady May (née Brasier; born 1 October 1956) is a British politician. She was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2016 to 2019.

She was born in Eastbourne, Sussex, and grew up in Oxfordshire. She is the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Maidenhead in the House of Commons. She was the Home Secretary in the David Cameron government. In 2018, she was elected as Commonwealth Chair-in-Office.

On 12 December 2018, 48 Conservative MPs had submitted letters of no confidence to the Chairman of the 1922 Committee Sir Graham Brady, triggering a vote of no confidence. Despite this, May won the confidence vote after 200 MPs vowed support to her leadership. On 15 January 2019 after her Brexit proposal failed in the House of Commons by a 432 to 202 vote, Opposition Leader Jeremy Corbyn filled a motion of no confidence in her ministry, which failed in a 325 to 306 vote.

In March 2019, May said she would resign as Prime Minister if Parliament passed her Brexit deal, to make way for a new leader in the second phase of Brexit.

On 24 May 2019, she announced that her resignation as party leader would take effect on 7 June and she would leave her position as Prime Minister when her replacement is selected. She was replaced by Boris Johnson.

May was born on 1 October 1956 in a maternity hospital at 9 Upperton Road in Eastbourne, Sussex. May is the only child of Zaidee Mary (née Barnes; 1928–1982) and Hubert Brasier (1917–1981). Her father was a Church of England clergyman. May was educated at Oxfordshire primary and grammar schools in the State sector, and graduated the University of Oxford in 1977.

From 1977 and 1983 May worked at the Bank of England, and from 1985 to 1997 as a financial consultant and senior advisor in International Affairs at the Association for Payment Clearing Services. May's parents died during this period, her father in a car accident in 1981 and her mother of multiple sclerosis a year later. May served as a councillor for the London Borough of Merton from 1986 to 1994, where she was Chairman of Education (1988–90) and Deputy Group Leader and Housing Spokesman (1992–94).

She first became a Conservative Party MP at the 1997 general election and was promoted to the shadow cabinet in 1999. She held several positions in the shadow cabinet, including Chairman of the Conservative Party (July 2002-November 2003) and Shadow Leader of the House of Commons (December 2005-January 2009).

In October 2002, May used the term "nasty party" to describe the conservative party. She wrote: ""There's a lot we need to do in this party of ours. Our base is too narrow and so, occasionally, are our sympathies. You know what some people call us -- the Nasty Party."" What she meant at the time was that the conservative party was hostile towards people with disabilities, as well as other people who are vulnerable. 

The term "Nasty Party" applied to Conservative Party members with traditional conservative views:this included being anti-gay, anti-minorities, and pro-business, and lacking concern for the poor.

Many conservatives felt this one the reasons the Conservative Party lost the last three general elections and needed to broaden their traditional base to have a chance of reelection.

Nasty party is likely a play on words (of the Nazi Party, which was active in Germany in the 1930s and 1940s).

She became the Home Secretary and Minister for Women and Equality on 12 May 2010.

In December 2010, May declared that deployment of water cannon by police forces in mainland Britain was an operational decision which had been "resisted until now by senior police officers." She rejected their use following the widespread rioting in Summer 2011. In 2010, May promised to bring the level of net migration down to less than 100,000. In February 2015, "The Independent" reported, "The Office for National Statistics (ONS) announced a net flow of 298,000 migrants to the UK in the 12 months to September 2014—up from 210,000 in the previous year."

At the Conservative Party Conference on 4 October 2011, while arguing that the Human Rights Act needed to be amended, May gave the example of a foreign national who the Courts ruled was allowed to remain in the UK, "because—and I am not making this up—he had a pet cat".

In May 2012, she said she supported same-sex marriage. She recorded a video for the Out4Marriage campaign.

In July 2013, May decided to ban the stimulant khat, against the advice of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD). The council said that there was "insufficient evidence" it caused health problems.

May was a candidate in the upcoming election for leadership of the Conservative Party. May described herself as a candidate who will unify the party after a 'divisive' referendum (Brexit). She won the first ballot on 5 July 2016 by a large margin with 50% of the votes. On 7 July, May won the votes of 199 MPs, facing the vote of Conservative Party members in a contest with Andrea Leadsom.

Leadsom's withdrawal from the contest on 11 July led to May being set to be appointed party leader and hence, Prime Minister, an office she assumed on 13 July 2016.

After being appointed by the Queen on 13 July 2016, May became the United Kingdom's second female Prime Minister, after Margaret Thatcher. She is the first female Prime minister of the 21st century.

May told the media on 12 July 2016 that she was "honoured and humbled" to be the party leader and to become prime minister. Responding to some calls for a general election (reported by the news media) to confirm her mandate, "sources close to Mrs May" said there would be no such election according to the BBC.

A big issue May had to tackle during her premiership is Brexit, after Britain voted to leave the European Union. May has led talks with the European Union to plan how the split will happen.

May has also dealt with the war in Iraq and Syria. She has used Britain's military to fight ISIS in both countries. British troops have been in the Battle of Mosul, helping Iraq's military and the Kurdish forces.

On 18 April 2017 Theresa May surprised people by saying she wanted to have a snap general election on 8 June . The next day the House of Commons voted in favour of holding the general election in June.

At the start of the campaign the Conservatives had a large lead in the polls. As the campaign went on, the Labour Party gained more support and started to rise in the polls. On the day of the election the Conservatives did worse than expected and May lost her majority in the House of Commons.

On 12 December 2018, the chairman of the 1922 committee received enough formal request letters to warrant what some Westminster system countries call a Leadership spill, which was promptly scheduled for the following evening. Many say this is because of the Brexit deal and the way May is handling the deal. Before the vote, May said later that day that she would not lead her party in the next general election. May would go on to win the confidence vote.

On 15 January 2019 Theresa May's government was defeated in the house of commons by a majority of 203 in a vote on her deal to leave the European Union. This is the largest majority against a United Kingdom government ever.

On 24 May 2019, May announced that she would resign as Conservative Party leader effective on 7 June and that she will remain as Prime Minister until her replacement is picked.

In the 2019 General Election she was re-elected in her Maidenhead constituency.

She married Philip John May on 6 September 1980. She has no children.

In 2013, she was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes.

May is a member of the Church of England and regularly worships at church on Sunday.



Francis Maude

Francis Anthony Aylmer Maude (born 4 July 1953) is an English politician who served as Minister for the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General from 2010 to 2015. Maude was Member of Parliament (MP) for North Warwickshire from 1983 to 1992 and then for Horsham from 1997 to 2015. He was first elected in the 1983 general election for the North Warwickshire constituency but lost in 1992. He returned to parliament in the 1997 general election.

Maude was born in Abingdon-on-Thames, Berkshire. He is a member of the Conservative Party.

Jeremy Hunt

Jeremy Richard Streynsham Hunt (born November 1, 1966) is an English politician. He became the Chancellor of the Exchequer on 14 October 2022. He was born in Kennington, London. He is the Member of Parliament for South West Surrey. He was the Secretary of State for Health from 2012 - 2018. He was the longest-serving Health Secretary in British political history. 

He gained a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from Magdalen College, Oxford. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He was first elected in the 2005 general election. He was appointed as a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010.

In July 2018 Hunt became the Foreign Secretary after Boris Johnson resigned from the government. 

On 24 May 2019, Hunt announced his campaign to run for Leader of the Conservative Party in the 2019 election. On 20 June, Hunt and Boris Johnson became the final two candidates in the contest. He lost the election to Johnson on 22 July. He later quit as Foreign Secretary.

He was Chair of the Health and Social Care Select Committee from 2020 to 2022,

In July 2022, Hunt announced his second candidacy for Conservative Party leader in the leadership race to replace Boris Johnson. He was eliminated from the election in the first round of voting on 13 July.

"Main articleː 2019 Conservative Party leadership election"

After resigned as Prime Minister on the 24 May 2019, Hunt announced his campaign to become the next Leader of the Conservative Party., On 20 June 2019, he was named one of the final two candidates. Hunt was defeated by Boris Johnson after the Conservative Party's members voted in the final round. Hunt got 33.6% of the vote, and Johnson got 66.4% of the vote. Hunt was criticised when his campaign was given £10,000 by a close associate to Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. This criticism was because Mohammed bin Salman has been accused of human right violations. Following Boris Johnson's election as party leader, Hunt was offered the role of Secretary of State for Defence in Johnson's Cabinet, but decided to decline the offer.

"Main articleː July–September 2022 Conservative Party leadership election"

Following the resignation of Boris Johnson as Leader of the Conservative Party, Hunt announce he would be participating in the Conservative Party leadership election to replace Johnson as Leader. He criticised Johnson for investing in infrastructure instead of "wealth creation", and proposed policies including a moratorium on taxes for businesses in underdeveloped areas for five years, and a cut to corporation tax to 15% instead of a proposed rise to 25%. He also said he would retain the rise in National Insurance rates, and would not cut income tax until he "[got] the economy growing". Hunt said Esther McVey would be Deputy Prime Minister if he were to become prime minister. He was removed in the first round of voting on 13 July, receiving 18 votes. He endorsed Rishi Sunak after being removed.

Eric Pickles

Eric Jack Pickles (born 20 April 1952 in Keighley, West Riding of Yorkshire, England) is a British politician and was Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government. He is the Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Brentwood and Ongar in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. 

He was first elected in the 1992 general election and entered the Shadow Cabinet in 2007. He was the Chairman of the Conservative Party from January 2009 to May 2010, when he was replaced by Sayeeda Warsi, Baroness Warsi and was appointed the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government instead. Pickles is standing down at the 2017 general election.

Peter Ainsworth

Peter Michael Ainsworth (November 16, 1956 – April 6, 2021) was an English politician and was Shadow Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. He was the Member of Parliament for the East Surrey constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1992 general election, but decided not to stand for reelection in 2010.

He was a member of the Conservative Party.

Ainsworth died on April 6, 2021 at the age of 64.

Chris Grayling

Christopher Stephen Grayling (born 1 April 1962) is an English politician and former Secretary of State for Transportation. He is the Member of Parliament for the Epsom and Ewell constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 2001 general election.

He is a member of the Conservative Party.

He was appointed as a Privy Counsellor on 9 June 2010.

Nick Herbert

Nicholas Le Quesne Herbert (born April 7, 1963) is an English politician and the Member of Parliament for the Arundel and South Downs constituency. He was the current Shadow Justice Secretary, and is currently Minister of State for Police/Justice, with his time split between the Home Office and the Ministry of Justice. He is . He was first elected in the 2005 general election.

He is a member of the Conservative Party.

Theresa Villiers

Theresa Anne Villiers (born March 5, 1968) is an English politician. In July 2019, she became Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs for the Boris Johnson ministry. She stopped doing this job in 2020. She was first elected in the 2005 general election. She is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Chipping Barnet and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland . Villiers was the Minister of State for Transport from 2010 to 2012.

She was appointed as a Privy Counsellor on 9 June 2010. 

She is a member of the Conservative Party.

Andrew Lansley

Andrew David Lansley (born 11 December 1956 in Hornchurch, Essex, England) is a British politician who was the Secretary of State for Health in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government from 2010 - 2012. He was the Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the South Cambridgeshire constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. He was first elected as an MP in the 1997 general election. He stepped down at the 2015 general election. 

He was made a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010.

David Willetts

David Linsay Willetts (born 9 March 1956) is an English politician. He was born in Birmingham. He is the current Minister of State for Universities and Science in the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills. He is the Member of Parliament for the Havant constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1992 general election.

He is a member of the Conservative Party.

Michael Gove

Michael Andrew Gove (born 26 August 1967) is an British politician who is currently Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities since 25 October 2022. In July 2019, he became the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Boris Johnson administration. In February 2020, he became the Minister for the Cabinet Office.

He was the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs from 2017 to 2019 for the Theresa May ministry. He was the Shadow Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families, and was the Secretary of State for Education from 12 May 2010 to 15 July 2014. He is the Member of Parliament for the Surrey Heath constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 2005 general election.

He is a member of the Conservative Party. He was one of the candidates in the 2016 Conservative leadership election. After becoming Prime Minister, Theresa May fired Gove from the Cabinet. However, in 2017 she brought him back and made him the Environment Secretary.

He grew up in Aberdeen. He studied English at Lady Margaret Hall at Oxford University. Gove is married to Sarah Vine, a writer for "The Times". They have a daughter and son. He belongs to the Church of England

On 26 May 2019, Gove announced his campaign to run for Leader of the Conservative Party in the 2019 election. He narrowly lost in third place on the fifth ballot and was eliminated on 20 June.

In July 2022, Gove was fired from the Johnson cabinet by Prime Minister Boris Johnson after Gove told him it would be best for Johnson to resign as Prime Minister.

Gove is a Queens Park Rangers F.C supporter.


Liam Fox

Liam Fox (born 22 September 1961 in East Kilbride, Scotland) is a British politician who was the Defence Secretary in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Woodspring constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, and since 2010 has represented North Somerset.

Liam Fox studied at the University of Glasgow and became a Conservative Party MP at the 1992 General Election. He served in the shadow cabinet from 1999 to 2010 and became Shadow Defence Secretary in December 2005. In 2005, he tried to become leader of the Conservative Party and lost to David Cameron. Fox stood for leader again in 2016, and lost to Theresa May, who became Prime Minister on 13 July 2016. 

May appointed Fox as the first Secretary of State for International Trade in July 2016.

In September 2017, Fox accused the EU of trying to blackmail UK over Brexit deal.

Missionary

A missionary is a person who tries to convert people to his own faith. In Christianity, this is called evangelism. Missionaries are usually sent from churches or worship places of the religion. They can also do other things, such as deliver medicines and cure diseases. Most major religions of the world have "missionaries". 

Some famous Christian missionaries are:




Partnership

A partnership is when two or more people work together to complete a task. Those people are partners. Partner may share a business together for the profit of each other. If one business partner ends up making money they both share the profit. Some partners are not individuals but corporations or other groups.

Partnerships may be temporary, e.g. dancing partners (two people who dance together) or partners at a card games such as bridge in which partners work together against the other partners (their opponents).

A partner may also be somebody who lives with another person, e.g. a husband or wife (marriage partners), or a very good friend who shares his or her life with the other person. The word partner in this sense is used a lot in modern times because it does not discriminate between married or unmarried couples.

Ruth Graham

Ruth Bell Graham (June 10, 1920 – June 14, 2007) was the wife of evangelist Billy Graham. She was born at Qingjiang, Kiangsu, China as Ruth McCue Bell, the second of five children. Her parents, Dr. and Mrs. L. Nelson Bell, were medical missionaries at the Presbyterian Hospital 300 miles north of Shanghai.



Patrick Star

Patrick Star is a fictional character in the Nickelodeon animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants". Bill Fagerbakke plays him. Patrick first appeared in the series' pilot episode, "Help Wanted", which played on May 1, 1999. Patrick was made by animator Stephen Hillenburg. Patrick's biggest character trait is his lack of common sense, which sometimes makes him a bad influence on his best friend, SpongeBob SquarePants.

Patrick is as a pink starfish who is silly, fat, lazy, immature, forgetful, rude, and generally ignorant. He has been shown to make many silly mistakes such as forgetting how to eat, and not realizing that the character Sandy Cheeks is a girl. But, he sometimes is shown to overly observe particular events happening around him. At those moments, he would focus on very specific objects or details that other characters would usually ignore. However, he always quickly turns back to his usual, silly self after. He does not have a job. But, he worked at the Krusty Krab for short periods of time in many positions (often was not paid), and mostly spends his days either goofing off with SpongeBob or resting beneath the rock. He lives under the rock. At home, Patrick is usually either sleeping (stuck to the bottom of his rock), watching TV (whether the TV is actually on or not), or doing the "art of doing nothing." He is very good at that. All of the furniture under his rock are made of sand, and Patrick can simply build new furniture as needed. But even so, his living space contains only the most basic things. His best friend SpongeBob is often impressed by Patrick's ability to come up with silly yet genius plans or solutions. But, Patrick often irritates those around him and is confused by the simplest questions or subjects. The characters of Mr. Krabs and Squidward Tentacles have no patience for Patrick's stupidity. They don't pay him much regard. Sandy Cheeks often gets annoyed by Patrick, but still sees him as a friend.

"SpongeBob SquarePants" maker Stephen Hillenburg began making cartoons and caricatures of tide pool-dwelling sea life, including starfish, while teaching marine biology at the Orange County Marine Institute in Dana Point, California, from 1984 to 1987. In 1987, Hillenburg left the institute. This is so he could become an animator. Patrick Star is voiced by Bill Fagerbakke.

In 2005, a video that involves SpongeBob promoting diversity and tolerance was criticized by a Christian evangelical group in the United States because they saw the character was being used for homosexual people, but the video had "no reference to sex, sexual lifestyle or sexual identity."

This made questions about whether or not SpongeBob, his best friend Patrick, and the rest of the series' characters are homosexual characters. In 2002, Hillenburg said that his characters were not gay. He clarified the issue and said "We never made them gay on purpose. I think they are almost asexual. We are just trying to be funny and this has got nothing to do with the show."

Jeffrey P. Dennis, writer of the journal article "The Same Thing We Do Every Night: Signifying Same-Sex Desire in Television Cartoons," argued that SpongeBob and Sandy are not in love, while adding that he believed that SpongeBob and Patrick "are paired with arguably big intensity." Dennis noted the two are "not thought of as romantic partners," since they live in separate places, and have different groups of friends, but claimed that in the series, "the possibility of same-sex desire is never excluded." Martin Goodman of "Animation World Magazine" described Dennis's comments regarding SpongeBob and Patrick as "interesting."

Nick Clegg

Sir Nicholas William Peter "Nick" Clegg (born 7 January 1967) is a British politician. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government and was also the leader of the Liberal Democrats. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Sheffield Hallam.

Nick Clegg was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 1999 to 2004 and was first elected as a Liberal Democrat MP in the 2005 general election. He became the leader of the Liberal Democrats in December 2007. Following the 2010 General Election, he was made Deputy Prime Minister after a coalition deal with the Conservative Party. He resigned as party leader in 2015 after the May 2015 election because of the party's poor election results.

Clegg has been married to Miriam González Durántez since 2000; they have three sons. Durantez is a Spanish Roman Catholic. Their children are being raised as Catholics, even though Clegg is an atheist.

Clegg's family has many foreign members- his grandmother on his father's side was a Russian Baroness before the Russian Revolution, with German and Ukrainian ancestors, while Clegg's Dutch mother was imprisoned by the Japanese in World War II. Clegg is multilingual (he speaks Dutch, English, French, German and Spanish fluently). He says that his family's experience of persecution is one of the reasons he is liberal.

Clegg was born in Buckinghamshire. He went to Caldicott primary school and Westminster secondary school. He spent a gap year working as a skiing instructor in Austria before starting university at Robinson College, Cambridge, where he studied Anthropology.

After his degree, he was given a scholarship to study for a Master's degree at the University of Minnesota. He then worked as an intern for Christopher Hitchens in New York for a while before going to Brussels to work for the European Union as a trainee aid organiser. He then studied for a second Master's at the College of Europe in Bruges where he met Durantez.

From 1994 to 1998, he worked at the European Commission, where he developed aid programmes to the former Soviet Union and helped the World Trade Organisation to negotiate the entries of Russia and China.

In 1999, Clegg was elected as the Member of the European Parliament for the East Midlands. As an MEP, he helped to start a campaign for greater accountability in the European Parliament.

In 2004, he left the Parliament in order to campaign for the Sheffield Hallam constituency seat in the 2005 General Election. During the campaign, he worked as a part-time lecturer at the University of Sheffield.

Clegg won the 2005 election, and became the Member of Parliament for Sheffield Hallam in May 2005. As an MP, he campaigned to change the prison and immigration systems, and to make sure that the government did not take away too much freedom from people in their work against terrorism. He said that the Iraq War was wrong.

In 2007, he was voted as leader of the Liberal Democrats, and in 2008 he joined the Privy Council, a group of advisors to the British Monarch. .

As leader of the Liberal Democrats, Clegg's main policies have been to get rid of the Trident missile system, to give NHS patients the choice of private medical care, to make the length of time between elections 5 years (at the moment it only has a 5-year limit, meaning that the government can begin a new election at any time), giving more power to local government, tax cuts for the poor and for the government to do more about the environment.

In May 2009, the Liberal Democrats' approval ratings were higher than the Labour Party's for the first time since 1987.

Clegg lost his seat in the 2017 general election.

In May 2010, the UK had a General Election which did not produce a clear winner. David Cameron, leader of the Conservative Party, who had got the most votes, asked to form a coalition government with the Liberal Democrats. Clegg accepted, and became Deputy Prime Minister.

In July 2010, he revealed plans to have 50 fewer MPs in Parliament, to change the number of MPs needed to begin a new election without the agreement of the Prime Minister to 65% and to hold a referendum on whether or not to change the system of voting in General Elections.

After the government revealed plans to drastically cut government spending, Liberal Democrat approval ratings dropped to 14%, almost half the 34% rating that was recorded in April 2010.

Magnús Eiríksson

Magnús Eiríksson (born 22 June, 1806 in Skinnalón, Iceland; died 3 July, 1881 in Copenhagen, Denmark) was an Icelandic theologian. He lived in Copenhagen at the same time as Søren Kierkegaard (1813-1855) and Hans Lassen Martensen (1808-1884) and viewed their opinions on religion and Christianity with a critical eye.

Magnús Eiríksson was a Lutheran who developed a Unitarian conviction.

Here are some works by Eiríksson, with the Danish title on the right:

John Wark

John Wark (born Glasgow, 4 August 1957) is a former Scottish footballer. He used to play football for Ipswich Town F.C. and Liverpool F.C..

Nusa Penida

Nusa Penida is an island to the southeast of Bali, Indonesia. The island is a subdistrict of the Klungkung regency. There are two small islands nearby: Nusa Lembongan and Nusa Ceningan. The Badung Strait separates the island from Bali while the Lombok Strait separates it from Lombok.
Diving is very popular around the island and there are many Macaques living on the island.

Dungeons &amp; Dragons

Dungeons & Dragons is a paper-and-pencil roleplaying game. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson created Dungeons and Dragons in the year 1974.
Many people today think that role-playing games (RPGs) are only played on a computer, but that is not true. From the early 1970s, role-playing games have been played by people sitting together at the same table, using their imaginations and the written rules of the game to play (as well as dice to generate random numbers when needed). 

Players of this type of role-playing game play as imaginary characters that go on heroic adventures. The characters can be many types: a strong warrior, a wise wizard, a skilled thief. One person in the group acts as a moderator, or referee (called the "dungeon master," or DM, in Dungeons and Dragons and "game master", or GM, in other games), of the game. This person is responsible for making sure there is a fair use of the rules and is often also in charge of designing fun, interesting adventures for the other players.

There are now many types of fantasy role-playing games, both traditional paper-and-pencil games and computer games. Many genres of games are played (fantasy, science fiction, horror, war, and so on), and there are hundreds of companies that produce their own written rules systems and software products.

Several versions of Dungeons and Dragons have been released. The first version was just called "Dungeons & Dragons." Several rule books were available, depending on the levels of the characters. The first books dealt with characters from levels 1-3. As characters got stronger, players had to move to the more advanced rule books to manage their characters.

After Dungeons and Dragons came Advanced Dungeons and Dragons. This was a new ruleset that was unrelated to the original rules. A second edition of AD&D was released, which is still popular today.

After Wizards of the Coast bought the rights to Dungeons and Dragons, a more streamlined version of the game was released, called Dungeons and Dragons 3rd Edition. This version had simpler rules. Most die-rolls were done with a 20 sided die, instead of different types of multi-sided dice. 

The 3rd edition rules were eventually revised, and version 3.5 was released. 

The 4th edition rules were published in June 2008. 

The 5th edition rules were published, after a two year testing period, in late 2014. 

Before playing the game, each player makes their character and writes the details on a "character sheet." First, players make their character's six statistics called "ability scores": Strength (How strong you are), Dexterity (How skilled and fast you are), Constitution (How tough you are), Intelligence (How smart you are), Wisdom (How well you use your smarts), and Charisma (How well you control and influence people). Each version has different methods to make the stats.

Each player then selects a race (species) such as human or elf, as well as a class (job or occupation) such as Fighter or Wizard, and their alignment (Their moral and ethical views). Players also invest in a number of skills, feats and powers to make their characters stronger and better. Adding details not covered by the rules like history and personality are used often to develop the character.

While playing Dungeons and Dragons, the players detail the actions of their characters to the referree, such as hitting an enemy or hiding from the guards, or talking to another character. The referee describes the results of the characters' actions or answers the players. Actions that are really easy will always work, like when opening an unlocked door or picking up an apple. The results of hard actions are decided by rolling dice.

As the game is played, the characters grow and increase in power. Characters may gain experience, skills, wealth. The main way that characters gain experience is through defeating powerful enemies or doing an important or hard work. Getting enough experience allows a character to get a level, getting more job abilities, skills, and powers.

Hit points (HP) measure a character's health. When a character is harmed, they lose hit points. When a character loses all of their hit points, they die. To avoid being harmed, most characters can wear armor of different types. You might also use "Saving Throws" against indirect harm, such as poison, or magical effects.

The story is a combined effort of everyone who plays. It can either be a story someone has made up. So can the setting (Where the adventure takes place). There are also books that give all that information as well.

from September 17, 1983 to October 16 1985 CBS Had a ainmated cartoon series based on Dungeons and Dragons game: 6 children [9-15] take a ride on a amusement park ride "Dungeons and Dragons" and find themselves transported to a distant world called the "Realm of Dungeons and Dragons" where the society is the equivilent of earths medevial period with one basic difference-in this world good and bad magic are quite real; the children must try to get home via a time poral yet they find themsleves helping people and inimals in great need. The series went on for 27 epsiodes [1st season 13; 2nd season 8; 3rd season 6]from "The Night of No Tomorrow" to "Cave of the Faire Dragons". In 2020 a fanmade of the last episode "Requiem" was made with double suprise twist ending. The 2023 film Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves featured adult versions of Hank, Bobby, Sheila, Diana, Eric and Presto in live-action cameos with Edgar Abram as Hank, Luke Bennett as Bobby, Emer McDaid as Sheila, Moe Sasegbon as Diana, Trevor Kaneswaran as Eric, and Seamus O'Hara as Presto. They are seen competing in a special tournament and have made it to a cage in the middle of a shifting labyrinth.
A parody of this series appeared in a epsiode of "Dexter's Labrotory" D & DD where to the delight of his friends (and to the horror of Boy Dexter) his sister DD is allowed to paly in their fantasty role playing game "Mazes and Monsters" Season 2 No 3 July 30,1997.

Sakoku

Sakoku (Japanese: 鎖国, literally "country in chains" or "lock up of country") was the foreign policy of Japan under which no foreigner or Japanese could enter or leave the country on penalty of death. The policy was enacted by the Tokugawa Shogunate under Tokugawa Iemitsu through a number of edicts and policies from 1633-1639 and remained in effect until 1854 with the arrival of Commodore Matthew Perry and the opening of Japan. It was still illegal to leave Japan until the Meiji Restoration (1868).

But Japan was not completely isolated under the "sakoku" policy. Rather, it was a system in which strict regulations were applied to commerce and foreign relations by the shogunate.

On July 8, 1853, Commodore Matthew Perry of the U.S. Navy with four warships demanded that Japan open to trade with the West. The following year 1854, Perry returned with seven ships and forced the Shogun to sign the "", establishing formal diplomatic relations between Japan and the United States. 



Borneo

Borneo is the third largest island in the world. It is in the center of maritime southeast Asia. This island is part of three different countries. Indonesia, Malaysia and Brunei each have part of Borneo. Indonesia's region is called "Kalimantan" (although Indonesians use this word for the whole island). Malaysia's region of Borneo is called East Malaysia or Malaysian Borneo. The independent nation of Brunei is a small part of the island. Borneo has a rainforest that is in danger because it is valuable. Lumber companies cut trees here illegally.

Borneo is surrounded by the South China Sea to the north and northwest, the Sulu Sea to the northeast, the Celebes Sea and the Makassar Strait to the east, and the Java Sea and Karimata Strait to the south. It has an area of 743,330 km² (287,000 square miles). Borneo is home to a few of the oldest rainforests in the world.

Borneo is home to a vast array of wildlife, including the endangered orangutan, as well as other animals such as monkeys, elephants, snakes, parrots, clouded leopards, hornbills, tarsiers and deer.

The country will have a population of 24 million by 2040 if it grows at the current rate.
List of islands by area

This is a list of islands in the world ordered by area. It includes all islands with an area greater than 250,000 km² (96,526 square miles). Although an island is, in general, any land mass that is completely surrounded by water, some definitions exclude land masses large enough to be considered continents. Placing Australia in the latter category (even though arguments can be made whether it is technically a continent, or merely part of the larger continent called Australasia) makes Greenland the largest island. For the sake of classification the list of islands will begin with Greenland.

Baffin Island

Baffin Island () is an island in the territory of Nunavut near the Arctic Circle. It is the largest member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. It is the largest island in Canada and the fifth largest island in the world, with an area of 507,451 km² (195,928 sq mi). It has a population of 11,000 people as of the year 2007. It is named after the British explorer William Baffin. The island was known to the Norse as Helluland. 

Substitution cipher

A substitution cipher is a form of cryptography. 

In a substitution cipher, a rule is used to change each letter of the message, one at a time. The rule says to replace (or "substitute") each letter with another letter from the alphabet. 

For instance, this table gives a rule for a substitution cipher:

Using this rule, the sentence "Jack and Jill went up the hill" is changed to "Etar tzn Evmm gkzc dw cuk uvmm". The Caesar cipher is one example of a substitution cipher.

Substitution ciphers are not safe enough to use for important messages. Substitution ciphers can be broken by an idea called "frequency analysis". Some letters are more common than others in English sentences: "E" is the most common, then "T", then "A", and so on. A message that has been changed by a substitution cipher will have different common letters, but this gives a hint about the rule. The most common letters in the changed message are likely to be the most common letters in English. Breaking "cryptograms" (messages hidden with a substitution cipher) is a common puzzle often found in newspapers.

In past centuries substitution ciphers were sometimes strengthened by combining them in superencryption with transposition ciphers. Improvements in cryptanalysis caused this method to be abandoned in the early 20th century.

Suppose the changed message is:

For this example, capital letters are used for unknown letters, and lowercase letters are used to denote letters we know or can guess. 

By counting up the letters, we see that the most common is I, which we will guess is an e. X is also quite common, and XLI is found many times; we guess that this is the, the most common three-letter group in English.

E is the second most common letter. We already have a guess for e and t, so we guess that E is a. We now have:

We can now make some more guesses: heVe may be here; Rtate may be state, and atthattMZe could be atthattime. Filling in these guesses, we get:

This lets us make more guesses, which lead to more, until we have guessed everything:

At this point, we can insert spaces and punctuation:

"Here upon le grand arose with a grave and stately air and brought me the beetlefrom a glass case in which it was enclosed. It was a beautiful scarabaeus andat that time unknown to naturalists of course; a great prize in a scientificpoint of view. There were two round black spots near one extremity of the backand a long one near the other. The scales were exceedingly hard and glossy withall the appearance of burnished gold. The weight of the insect was veryremarkable and taking all things into consideration I could hardly blame jupiterfor his opinion respecting it." (The Gold-Bug)

If we had made a wrong guess, we would have found out at some point, and could go back and make a new guess.

Ken Spreitzer

Kenneth J. Spreitzer wrote the original PC program called "UnInstaller". It was first licensed to MicroHelp and now (Feb 1998) sold by CyberMedia. After writing the program, Mr. Spreitzer went on to found Maximized Software.

Mr. Spreitzer is a graduate of the University of California, Irvine in the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences. He was also the radio personality "Captain Sensible" as heard on KUCI.


Brandy &amp; Mr. Whiskers

Brandy and Mr. Whiskers is an American animated television series from Disney Channel. It is about a female dog named Brandy and a rabbit named Mr. Whiskers. They both get stuck in the Amazon Rainforest together and have to work together to survive.


Dwyane Wade

Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr. (born January 17, 1982) is an American basketball player. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. His parents divorced a short time after he was born. He attended college at Marquette University on a scholarship. He was on scholarship for basketball but he did not play his first year because of academic problems. The next year he started on Marquette and led them to a good season. The year after that he led the "Marquette Golden Eagles" to the Final Four in the NCAA tournament.

Wade went on to the NBA and was selected as the 5th pick overall in the NBA draft by the Miami Heat. He had a good rookie season in the NBA, averaging 15 points per game and 6 assists per game. He soon became a superstar and led the Heat to an NBA championship in 2006. Wade was named the Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the 2006 NBA Finals, in which the Heat beat the Dallas Mavericks.


Himalayan wolf

The Himalayan wolf is a proposed clade within the Tibetan wolf ("Canis lupus filchneri") subspecies. Its mitochondrial DNA is basal to all other wolves including other Tibetan wolves. The taxonomic status of this wolf clade was disputed: the separate species "Canis himalayensis" was proposed, based on two limited DNA studies.

Angelroda

Angelroda is a former municipality of the district Ilm-Kreis Rural District, in Thuringia, Germany. On 31 December 2019, it became part of the municipality Martinroda.

Elgersburg

Elgersburg is a municipality in the Ilm-Kreis Rural District, in Thuringia, Germany.

Hull, Florida

Hull, Florida is an unincorporated community in Southwest DeSoto County, Florida. About 150 people live there.

Hull had a creosote tie treating plant for the Charlotte Harbor and Northern Railroad. The railroad was bought by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad in the 1920s. The Seaboard Railroad kept using the creosote plant through the 1950s. In the late 1920s, Hull became the junction of a new line of the SAL to Fort Myers and Naples. Passenger service was done on the branch. This line was stopped in 1953.

Seii

Seii (; 1326 – c. 1354) was the 2 king of the Okinawan kingdom of Chūzan. He ruled after his father, Tamagusuku, in 1336, when he was only ten years old.

Cecil Rhodes

Cecil Rhodes (5 July 1853 - 26 March 1902) was an English-born South African businessman and politician. He was the son of an Anglican vicar. He came from an English grammar school and at the age of 16 was sent to the British colony of Natal in South Africa due to poor health. There he became involved in diamond mining and founded the world-renowned De Beers diamond company. 

He later returned to England briefly to study at Oriel College, Oxford. He was the starter of Rhodesia. He started the British South Africa Company. He led it to expand British territory to the north and form the colony of Rhodesia.

When he was 27, he entered parliament, in 1881. He became Prime Minister of Cape Colony from 1890 to 1896. He was supported by the Afrikaner Bond in the Cape Colony until he betrayed them by supporting a rebellion against their relatives, the Boers of the South African Republic. He set up the Jameson Raid, led by his close friend Leander Starr Jameson in 1895. The raid was an unauthorised attack on Paul Kruger's South African Republic (or Transvaal). After that the Bond forced him to resign. His heart was weak, and after years of ill health he died in 1902. He was buried in what is now Zimbabwe; his grave has been a controversial site. 

He supported the Liberal Party and the Irish Parliamentary Party in domestic politics, in the UK. 

He started the Rhodes scholarships in his will. They let citizens of British colonies, the United States and Germany to study at Oxford on a scholarship if they demonstrated certain academic and character qualities. He was a Freemason. The scholarship has benefited prime ministers of Malta, Australia and Canada, United States President Bill Clinton, and many others.

When he was prime minister, Rhodes used his political power to take land from black Africans through the Glen Grey Act. To be able to vote, people needed to have a certain amount of money. In the Franchise and Ballot Act, he tripled that sum. This effectively barred black people from taking part in elections. 

Many scholars think that he was a white supremacist. In his last years he was pursued by the Princess Catherine Radziwill, a Polish adventuress.

With the strengthening of international movements against racism, such as Rhodes Must Fall and Black Lives Matter, Rhodes' legacy is a matter of debate to this day. Critics cite his confiscation of land from the black indigenous population of the Cape Colony, and false claims that southern African archeological sites such as Great Zimbabwe were built by European civilisations.

Akira Toriyama

Toriyama died on March 1, 2024 from acute subdural hematoma, aged 68.

<br>

I. M. Pei

Ieoh Ming Pei (April 26, 1917 – May 16, 2019) was a Chinese American architect. Pei was an important name in his field, with his buildings built all over the world. When he was a child, he learned basic knowledge about architecture from his father.

Pei made innovations in architecture, and won the Thomas Jefferson Memorial Medal for Architecture. He built the Allied Bank Tower in Dallas, Texas, as well as the Louvre Pyramid, which is the main entrance to the Louvre Museum in Paris. In 1983, Pei won the Pritzker Prize.
Pei died in the New York City borough of Manhattan on May 16, 2019. He was 102 years old.

"I. M. Pei." Notable Asian Americans. Ed. Helen Zia and Susan B. Gall. Detroit: Gale, 1995. Biography in Context. Web. May 29, 2015.
"I. M. Pei." Newsmakers. Detroit: Gale, 1990. Biography in Context. Web. May 29, 2015.

Isaac Bashevis Singer

Isaac Bashevis Singer (; November 11, 1903 – July 24, 1991) was a leading writer in Yiddish literature. He was a Jewish American who was born in Poland. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1978. He also was vegetarian.

John von Neumann

John von Neumann (December 28. 1903 – February 8. 1957) was a Hungarian-American mathematician and physicist.

He contributed to many fields, including:


He is generally regarded as a prodigy, polymath and one of the most important mathematicians of the 20th century.

He was a member of a group called the 'Martians'. They were Hungarian immigrants to the US of extraordinary intellect. Others people in this group were Edward Teller, Paul Erdős, Leó Szilárd and Eugene Wigner.


Iwan Roberts

Iwan Wyn Roberts (born 26 June, 1968 in Bangor, Wales) is a Welsh football player. He played for the Welsh national team and several English teams, including Norwich City F.C. and Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C..

At Norwich, Roberts twice won the "player of the year" trophy.

As a player, Roberts was a striker.

Ballpoint pen

A ballpoint pen or biro (pronounced "BY-roe", named after its inventor László Bíró), is a modern kind of pen for writing. It uses oil-based ink of high viscosity. The ink is inside a long, thin tube inside the pen. When a person writes with it, the ink comes onto the small, ball-shaped tip of the unit. The ink dries almost as soon as it is on the paper. 

Ballpoint pens may be cheap or expensive:

Before the ballpoint pen was invented people usually wrote with pens which were dipped into ink, or fountain pens which were filled with ink. When the ballpoint pen was invented, many people thought they were inferior to use because the user's handwriting was not as good. Children in school continued to use the old dip pens. However, ballpoint pens are cheaper and simpler to use than pens that need to be dipped in ink.

The ink in a ballpoint is different from the ink used in a dip or fountain pen. It is a paste. It has 25 to 40 per cent dye suspended in an oil-based solvent. The most common oils are benzyl alcohol or phenoxyethanol, which mix with the dyes to create a smooth paste that dries quickly. Common dyes in blue (and black) ink are Prussian blue, Victoria blue, methyl violet, crystal violet and phthalocyanine blue. The dye eosin is commonly used for red ink. 

Biros have the advantage of being very cheap, and easily portable. As a gel or paste, the dye does not run and is stable. For the same reason, the dye needs harder pressure to write than a fountain pen does, sometimes very hard pressure. This is not true of rollerball pens, which are ballpoints that use water-based ink of low viscosity. And it is not true of pencils.


Bando kickboxing

Bando kickboxing is the modern, sport form of "lethwei", nicknamed in Europe "Burmese boxing of four arms". It has been born in North America in the beginning of the years 1960, this type of fencing with feet and with gloved fists in a ring has given life, in the USA of the years 1970, to several forms of full contact and of kickboxing.

There exist, in competition, two forms of fight: "controlled bando kickboxing" (light contact) where the blows only touch the opponent in order to not hurt him, and the "Bando kickboxing of full contact" where the blows with full power are acceptable, destined to the adults who are more expert. According to the age and to the technical level, the rules and the conditions of competition are variable: particularly, there change the authorized and forbidden techniques, the time of fight, the type of surface of fight (carpet or ring) and the wearing of certain protections (helmet, plastron (protector of chest and abdomen), protectors of shins, slippers, etc.).



Spratly Islands

The Spratly Islands are 100 small uninhabited islands in the South China Sea. Fish are an abundant resource around the islands, and as the countries of Brunei Darussalam, China, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Taiwan, and Vietnam have a commercial interest in them.. These countries share control of the islands but have varying claims of territory.

The islands are named after the British whaling captain Richard Spratly who saw Spratly Island in 1843.

The islands have less than 2 km (490 acres) of land area.

Sumba

Sumba is an island in Indonesia, and is one of the Lesser Sunda Islands. It has an area of 11,153 km², and the population was at about 611,422 people as of the year 2005. There is a dry season from May to November and a rainy season from December to April. Historically, this island exported sandalwood.

Gili Trawangan

Gili Trawangan is the largest of Lombok's Gili Islands. It is the only one to rise notably above sea level. It is long and wide. The island has a population of about 1000 people. Of the Gilis, Trawangan has the most tourist facilities. The pub Tîr na Nôg says that Trawangan is the smallest island in the world with an Irish pub. The most crowded part of Trawangan is on the eastern side.

On Gili Trawangan (as well as the other two Gilis), there are no motorized vehicles. The main means of transportation are bicycles (rented by the people who live on the island to tourists) and cidomo (a small horse pulled carriage). For traveling to and from each of the Gilis, motorized boats and speedboats are used.

Some of the first people to live on Gili Trawangan were from Sulawesi. They were fishermen and farmers. Before they came to Gili Trawangan, the island was covered in forest and deer lived there.

The economy of Gili Trawangan centres on tourism. The island is too small to support large amounts of agriculture. It is also too far away from other places to be useful for either industry or commerce. 


Gili Meno

Gili Meno is an island in Indonesia. It is the middle of Lombok's three Gilis. It has population of about 300, mainly concentrated on the center of the island. The main income of the population comes from tourism, coconut plantation, and fishing. On the west side of the island there is a small shallow lake that produces salt in the dry season. Until a few years ago there was also a small production of seaweed on the reef at the north end of the island. It has swimming beaches all around the island, as well as an impressive bird sanctuary.


Gili Air

Gili Air is the smallest of the Gilis and it is closest to the Lombok mainland, making it popular with honeymoon couples and travelers seeking a quiet retreat. It has population of about 1,000 and administratively lies in the West Nusa Tenggara province. The island offers excellent snorkeling and SCUBA diving off its east coast, and turtles can be seen along the coral reef. 

There is a quickest way to get to Gili Air. fast Boat from Bali to Gili Air are offering a daily departure from Padang(Northeast Bali and Sanur(Southeast Bali). to get the ticket you can book in some tourist information or go to some online portal that provide the fast boat ticket to Gili Air. Gilibestdeal offers cheap fast boat to Gili Air. The fast boat operator provides a free hotel pick up and drop off in Bali.



Gili Islands

The Gili Islands (Indonesian:Tiga Gili [Three Gilis], Kepulauan Gili [Gili Islands]) are a group of three small islands (or archipelago) – Gili Trawangan, Gili Meno and Gili Air — very close to the northwest coast of Lombok, Indonesia.

The islands are a popular destination for Western tourists. Each island has several small resorts, usually consisting of a small collection of huts for tourists, and a restaurant. Most local inhabitants live in the hilly interior of the islands. Automobiles and motorized traffic are not allowed on the islands by local law. Bicycles or the horse-drawn carriages called a "cidomo" are common transportation on the islands. Scuba diving in and around the Gilis is also popular. The name "Gili" simply means "small island" in the local Sasak language.

Cidomo

A Cidomo is a small horse-drawn carriage used on Indonesia's Gili Islands used instead of motorized transport which is not allowed.

Grease (musical)

Grease is a 1971 musical by Jim Jacobs and Warren Casey. It takes its name from the 1950s United States working-class culture known as the greasers. It is set in 1959 in a made-up school called Rydell High in Chicago and is about the romance between high schoolers Danny Zuko and Sandy Dumbrowski.

"Grease" had its world premiere in Chicago in 1971. Its Broadway premiere occurred at the Broadhurst Theatre on 7 June 1972. It closed on 13 April 1980 after a run of 3,388 performances. It opened on the West End in 1973.

Ryan Giggs

Ryan Joseph Giggs (born 29 November 1973) is a Welsh former footballer and manager. 

Giggs was born in Canton, Cardiff, and grew up in Ely, Cardiff. He has Sierra Leonean and Dutch ancestry. 

As well as the Wales national team, he also played for the Great Britain squad at the 2012 Summer Olympics and Manchester United, where he has spent his whole career until now. His playing position was as a left winger. Giggs also loves rugby league and follows the Warrington Wolves and Melbourne Storm as his father Danny Wilson is a former rugby league player. 

Appearances and goals by national team and year
International goals

Manchester United

Individual

Records
State and civic honours

Ian Rush

Ian Rush (born 20 October 1961) is a former Welsh international football player, who notably played for Liverpool and Juventus.

He was a very successful striker, who set many goal-scoring records for Liverpool in particular.

When he retired from playing, he returned to his first club and managed Chester City before going on to work on television.

Liverpool

Individual

Ogoh-ogoh

An Ogoh-ogoh, a papier-mâché and wood puppet built on Bali for the New Year Holiday Nyepi. They are primarily constructed by young Balinese men and frequently depict caricatures of the many tourists. On the evening before Nyepi they are paraded about and then burnt. Nyepi is known as the day of silence.

Padangbai

Padangbai is a small town in eastern Bali, Indonesia. It serves as a ferry port for travel to Lombok, The Gilis and other of the Lesser Sunda Islands. It is also a lovely beach town that is popular with those who prefer a small town atmosphere over the large scale beach party that is Kuta.

Besides the beach near the ferry terminal there is a beach just to the north known locally as the "Blue Lagoon" and the especially nice "Secret Beach" just to the south of town. These pleasant beaches have clusters of small family owned warungs that will be glad to prepare a meal and serve beer.

Tokugawa shogunate

The Tokugawa shogunate, also known as the , and the , was a feudal Japanese military government. The heads of government were the shoguns. Each was a member of the Tokugawa clan.

These years are known as the Edo period. The period takes its name from the city where the Tokugawa shoguns lived. This time is also called the Tokugawa period or pre-modern ("Kinsei").

In 1603, Tokugawa Ieyasu took office as Shogun, and established a military government in Edo, now Tokyo.




Liberal Democrats (UK)

The Liberal Democrats, often shortened to Lib Dems, is a centrist political party in the United Kingdom that promotes liberal policies. It was started on 2 March 1988 by joining the Liberal Party, which had been a powerful political party in Britain in the 19th and early 20th centuries, and the Social Democratic Party, which had been formed from the Labour Party in 1981. The two parties had already been working together for seven years.

The Liberal Democrats are strong supporters of the European Union, as well as environmentalism and they are in favour of creating a new British House of Commons which is elected using proportional representation. They also disagree with Britain being a part of conflicts like the Iraq War.

The party has 15 out of 650 seats in the House of Commons, 84 out of 783 seats in the House of Lords, 16 out of 73 British seats in the European Parliament, 5 out of 129 seats in the Scottish Parliament and 1 out of 60 seats in the Welsh Assembly. The party was in a coalition government with the Conservative Party and the former party leader Nick Clegg was the Deputy Prime Minister until the May 2015 general election.

In elections, the party usually gets the most votes in places like northern Scotland, south-west London, south-west England and mid-Wales. Members of the party are mostly more middle-class people that went to university.

Most Liberal Democrats believe in the following things:


Asterisk (*) means that this person was an interim leader, meaning he was just standing in as leader because the previous leader resigned.


Houten

Houten is a municipality in Utrecht province in the Netherlands. The population of the town in 2007 was about 45,000.

Houten lies on the railway line from Utrecht to Tiel and 's Hertogenbosch. In 2004, the railway line needed fixing, but the old station building was in the way. What was done is pretty unique: the old station building was lifted off its foundations, and moved a few hundred metres to new foundations.

Many people living in Houten have jobs in Utrecht. According to plans of the government, the city should grow to about 50.000 people by 2010.

People have lived in the area since Roman times.


Northampton

Northampton () is a big market town and a local government district of the East Midlands part of the United Kingdom. The district has a population of 200,100 people.

Northampton has a major entertainment centre called the Derngate.









West Slavs

West Slavs are part of the Slavic peoples. Czechs, Kashubians, Poles, Slovaks, and Sorbs are West Slavs. The most of them are in three countries: in Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia. West Slavs' national languages are languages from West Slavic languages group.

WWE Judgment Day

Judgment Day is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event made World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).

Judgment Day (2000) took place on May 21 2000 at Freedom Hall in Louisville, Kentucky. 

Judgment Day (2001) took place on May 20 2001 at the Arco Arena in Sacramento, California. 

Judgment Day (2002) took place on May 19 2002 at the Gaylord Entertainment Center in Nashville, Tennessee. The tagline for the event was ""Judge, Jury and Executioner"". The official theme song was ""Broken"" by 12 Stones. This was the first pay-per-view to use the WWE name after the change from WWF.

Judgment Day (2003) took place on May 18 2003 at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was the last joint pay-per-view before WWE started having brand exclusive PPVs. 

Judgment Day (2004) took place on May 16 2004 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The tagline for the event was ""Souls Will Cry"." 


Tokugawa Ieyasu

At birth, his name was Matsudaira Takechiyo. 

In 1562, he changed his name to Matsudaira Motoyasu. The second syllable -- "-yasu" -- comes from the name of his grandfather Kiyoyasu. A few months later, he changed his first name to the one by which he is known today. The first syllable -- " Ie-" -- comes from the last part of the name of Minamoto Yoshile, who was a famous ancestor. He received permission from the emperor to change his family name from Matsudaira to Tokugawa.

Ieyasu was the first shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate.


Billy Graham Center

The Billy Graham Center was founded and opened in 1981 on the campus of Wheaton College. Named after Billy Graham, the center is the main place for many of Wheaton College's bible and theology classes. There are eleven areas of work focused on "Stimulating Global Evangelism" with 25-40 staff, carrying out the work.


Revival meeting

A Revival meeting is an event organised by Christian missionaries. The purpose of the meeting is to inspire people to convert to Christianity or to raise funds for the church. The name means to bring "revival" (meaning to "reawaken") to a group or area. It is most common in American Protestant churches.

Revival

Revival could mean:





Death Note

The best detective in the world, an eccentric genius named "L", works with the Japanese police, as well as Light's own father, to find out Kira's identity and catch him. He suspects all along that it's Light, who, as a part of the police department, works alongside L in the investigation. It becomes a contest of wit and intelligence between L and Light, both of whom are very clever. At one point, Light temporarily gives up the Death Note, along his memories of it, as an ally continue writing the names of criminals. This "proves" to the police that he is not Kira. However, he later gets the Death Note back and kills L with it.

After L dies, his successors, two orphans named "Mello" and "Near", take over the Kira investigation. Near is a child prodigy who clearly mirrors L, and Mello is an impulsive, antisocial teen obsessed with one-upping Near. Mello refuses to work with Near and leaves the orphanage, joining the American Mafia; Near forms a task force to catch Kira. In the end, Near proves that Light is Kira, leading to Light's death.

Besides the manga and anime, Death Note was also made into a light novel, various video games, two animated films, a live-action television drama, a musical, and several live-action films.

Bob Jones, Sr.

Bob Jones, Sr (October 30, 1883—January 16, 1968) was an American, Christian, Fundamentalist, evangelist, broadcaster, and founder of Bob Jones University. He was born the eleventh of twelve children to "William" and "Georgia Jones".

In 1905, Jones married Bernice Sheffield, who got tuberculosis and died within ten months of their marriage. On June 17, 1908, he married Mary Gaston Stollenwerck, whom he had met as a choir member. Their only child, Bob Jones, Jr. was born October 19, 1911 in Montgomery.


Auditorium

An auditorium (plural auditoriums, or less commonly auditoria) is the room in a theatre, cinema, concert hall, or other place where the audience is located to hear or watch the show. Auditoriums are made with great sound. The sound is easily heard by everyone in the auditorium.

Pulpit

A pulpit (from Latin "pulpitum" "scaffold", "platform", "stage") is a small lifted platform where a member of the clergy stands to read a Gospel lesson, or give a sermon. In some Protestant churches, the "pulpit" is thought to be the most important piece of furniture in the sanctuary.

Level crossing

A level crossing (also called a grade crossing, a railway crossing, or a railroad crossing) is a place where a railway line and a road meet each other on the same level. This means that the grades (the road and the track) are not separated by using a bridge or a tunnel. Usually, there are signs indicating the crossing. There may also be barriers/gates that go down before a train passes. 

Depending on how much traffic there is, there are different measures to make the crossing more secure:

Since level crossings are dangerous (there are many accidents), they are usually grade separated once there is more traffic, or high speed trains.


Macaulay Culkin

Macaulay Macaulay Culkin Culkin (born Macaulay Carson Culkin; ) is an American actor, voice actor and musician. He is perhaps most notable and best notable for his prominent kiddie roles in the first two "Home Alone" as Kevin McCallister. These blockbuster movies still continue to be very popular with many American audiences to this day onwards much to a cult following. His parents are Patricia Brentrup and Christopher 'Kit' Culkin.

Culkin began acting ever since at the age of 4 when he then became famous and well known around the world in 1990 as a Hollywood child star when "Home Alone" was released. In the movie, Culkin played the main character, Kevin McCallister. He reprised the role of Kevin in the second film. He was then nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor on Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. Culkin mysteriously dropped out of acting at the age of 14, but later returned at the age of 23 for in a couple of movies as a recurring adult actor.

In 2012, Culkin had founded and started up an anti-folk band called The Pizza Underground. This musical band plays songs which are related to about pizza.

In 1998, Culkin married Rachel Miner. In 2000, Culkin and Miner divorced because Culkin had decided and wanted to go back acting again as a new recurring adult actor.
Culkin has then dated actress Mila Kunis from May 2002 to 2011. Culkin also dated Jordana Lane Price.

In 2017, Culkin began a relationship with singer and actress Brenda Song. They have a son together named Dakota Song Culkin, born in 2021.

At around the same time that "Home Alone" was released, Culkin also became very good friends with the late Hollywood singer and King of Pop Michael Jackson. He has also acted in Jackson's 1991 "Black or White" music video. In 2005, Culkin testified and had said at Jackson's trial for charges of child molestation that he had once slept in Jackson's bedroom but was never molested or touched in improper ways. Culkin also attended Jackson's burial and death memorial which was then held on October 6, 2012. He is also the godfather of Jackson's 2 older children with Debbie Rowe, Prince and Paris Jackson.

Tencent QQ

Tencent QQ, also known as QQ, is a popular instant messaging software in mainland China. It was created by Tencent Inc. in 1999. 

source codes were taken in 1999. from AOL/ICQ. AOL was Founded by Steve Case. is an American entrepreneur, investor, and businessman best known as the former chief executive officer and chairman of America Online (AOL). Case joined AOL's predecessor company, Quantum Computer Services, as a marketing vice-president and became CEO of the company (renamed AOL) in 1991.

QQ source Code:

much of it was using earlier codes from ICQ at the Time.

codice_1

codice_2

codice_3

Tencent QQ is a multilingual web page, offers languages such as: English, French, Japanese, Spanish, German & Korean.
For users who do not speak Chinese, translations are also available in 50 different languages.





Princess Jasmine

Princess Jasmine is a fictional character of in the movie "Aladdin".

Jasmine was born in Agrabah, in the royal Place. She lived surrounded by all kinds of luxuries,comforts and she had as her only friend the tiger;Rajah. She lost her mother early in life (when not mentioned) and, hence, was educated by her father, the Sultan. She was happy until the day that the Sultan tried to force her to marry before her 16th birthday. 

Unhappy about being forced to marry, Jasmine fled the palace. In the streets, she finds out that Aladdin is arrested for stealing. Later, Jafar takes the control of the city of Agrabah, reducing Jasmine to the position of a slave. Aladdin arrives and defeats Jafar. Jasmine realizes that she loves Aladdin and the two decide to marry. She has since married and has become queen.

Fürstenfeldbruck (district)

Fürstenfeldbruck is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.


José Zorrilla y Moral

José Zorrilla y Moral (February 21, 1817 - January 23, 1893), was a Spanish Romantic poet and dramatist.

Ottobrunn

Ottobrunn is a municipality in the Munich Rural District. It was started in 1955. The German headquarters of the EADS are there.

Ja'far

Ja'far may mean:

In fictional characters

In historical persons

In people


Aying

Aying is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Bavaria, Germany. The Ayinger Brewery is there.

Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn

Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn (Central Bavarian: "Hähakircha-Siegertsbrunn") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is south of Munich. It is the municipality with the longest name in Germany.

Habitation at Port-Royal

The Habitation at Port-Royal was an early French colonial settlement. Today it is a National Historic Site in Port Royal in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.

Port Royal was founded by the French explorer Champlain after half of his men had died of Scurvy in his first settlement. Champlain worked with the Algonquain tribe to found Port Royal and, in return, fought with them and the Hurons against the Iroquoians. 

In May, 1613 the Jesuits moved on to the Penobscot River valley and in July, the settlement was attacked by Samuel Argall of Virginia. Argall returned in November that same year and burned the Habitation down while the settlers were away nearby. Poutrincourt returned from France in spring 1614 and found "Port-Royal" in ruins. The settlers were living with the Mi'kmaq. Poutrincourt then gave his holdings to his son and returned to France. Poutrincourt's son gave the settlement to Charles de Saint-Étienne de la Tour upon his own death in 1623.

A replica of the settlement was built in 1939-1940. Today, this replica serves as the cornerstone of Port-Royal National Historic Site of Canada, and together with the nearby Fort Anne National Historic Site of Canada in Annapolis Royal, continues to remind of this important historic region for Canadians and visitors.


Mi'kmaq

The Mi'kmaq (; (also spelled Míkmaq, Mi'gmaq, Mi'qmac, or formerly Micmac) are a First Nations or Native American in the United States people, indigenous to northeastern New England, Canada's Atlantic Provinces, and the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. The word Míkmaw is an adjectival form of the plural noun for the people, "Míkmaq".

The nation has a population of about 40,000 of whom approximately one-third still speak the Algonquian language L'nuí'simk which was once written in Míkmaq hieroglyphic writing and is now written using most letters of the standard Latin alphabet.

In the Canadian provinces of Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador, October is celebrated as Mi'kmaq History Month and the entire Nation celebrates Treaty Day annually on October 1.

Mi'kmaq names in the table have all been spelled according to a several orthographies. The Mi'kmaq orthographies in use are Mí'kmaq hieroglyphs, the orthography of Silas Tertius Rand, the Pacifique orthography, and the most recent Smith-Francis orthography, which has been adopted by most of the Mi'kmaq First Nation.




Wang Xiaobo

Wang Xiaobo (; pinyin: Wáng Xiǎobō; May 13, 1952 – April 11, 1997) was a famous writer in mainland China. His most famous book is called "Golden Time". It was published in 1994.

Wang was born in Beijing, China. In 1972, he became a teacher in the Shandong province. In 1978, he started studying at the Renmin University of China.


Chengdu

Chengdu (also called The Hibiscus City), is the fifth largest city in the People's Republic of China. It is the capital of Sichuan province and is on top of the Chengdu Plain. The city is home to the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding. The city has a famous food culture, so much so that UNESCO awarded the city as a City of Gastronomy. Chengdu is known for hot pot and teahouses and for adding chili peppers in much of their food.

Hohenbrunn

Hohenbrunn (Central Bavarian: "Hohabrunn") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Albert Schweitzer

Ludwig Philipp Albert Schweitzer, MD, OM, (14 January 1875 – 4 September 1965) was a French-German theologian, musician, philosopher and physician. He was born in Kaysersberg (Alsace), at the time a part of the German Empire.

He wrote books about music and religion. He started a famous hospital in Lambarene, Africa. He received the 1952 Nobel Peace Prize.

Albert Schweitzer was born in Kaysersberg (Alsace), on 14 January 1875. He lived in the village of Gunsbach, where his father was a local pastor. His father taught him how to play music. In 1893, Schweitzer passed his Baccalaureat.

After this, Schweitzer went to Paris to learn philosophy and music, before returning to his birthplace to study theology. He spent nine years studying medicine and surgery. He would dedicate his life to helping people and curing diseases.

Schweitzer was a famous organist and was extremely interested in the music of Johann Sebastian Bach. He developed a simple style of performance, which he thought to be closer to what Bach had meant. In 1908, he completed the final version of his book "Johann Sebastian Bach". In the book, he argued for the new style, which has had great influence on the way Bach’s music is now treated. 

When Schweitzer was in Lambarene, his main recreation was to play Bach’s music. He also gave musical performances to raise money for medical supplies in Gabon.

Recordings of Schweitzer playing the music of Bach are available on CD. Between 1934 and 1935, he had a trial recording for HMV on the organ of the old Queen's Hall in London. In mid-December 1935, he began to record for Columbia Records on the organ of All-Hallows-by-the-Tower, Barking, London.

Schweitzer became well known for his books on Jesus and Christianity. He was not so much interested in the historical study of Jesus, as in the Christian idea of the end of the world, which can be found in the Bible and the teachings of Jesus. Schweitzer also served as a minister for Saint Nicholas Church in Strassburg.

In the philosophy of Albert Schweitzer, the most important idea is the respect for life. In his book "The Philosophy of Civilization", he wrote that "true philosophy" begins with the idea that: 
Albert Schweitzer’s ethical principles meant that he tried to have a personal and spiritual relationship with the universe. It also meant that he was vegetarian.

Albert Schweitzer spent most of his life in Lambaréné, Africa. In 1904, he was inspired to help sick people in the world, so he studied medicine. After his medical studies in 1913, he went to Lambaréné with his wife to establish a hospital that would serve thousands of Africans.

During World War I, the French made Schweitzer and his wife, both Germans, leave Africa. In 1924, he returned to Lambaréné and managed to rebuild the destroyed hospital, where he served as a physician .

From 1939-1948, he stayed in Lambarene since he could not go to Europe during the war. Three years later he resumed his medical practices. But he was no longer just a medical doctor and whenever possible he went to Europe to lecture at universities. Slowly his ideas become known, not only in Europe but worldwide. 

In 1952 Dr Albert Schweitzer was awarded The Nobel Prize for peace. He gave a famous speech ""The Problem of Peace"". He died on 4 September 1965 at his hospital in Lambarene.

Coweta, Oklahoma

Coweta is a city in Wagoner County, Oklahoma and is a suburb of Tulsa. The population was 9,654 at the 2020 census.

Before statehood, when the Five Tribes or Five Civilized Tribes were moved to Oklahoma from the Eastern United States, the area that is now Coweta became part of the Creek Nation. Coweta was named after a Creek Indian war town on the Chattahoochee River in southwestern Georgia and was first settled by American Indians about 1840. In 1843 Robert Loughridge arrived in the area and established a mission, named "Koweta".
In 1867 after the Civil War, the Creek Indians adopted a constitution which divided there nation into six districts. Everything northeast of the Arkansas River, including Tulsa, became the Coweta district. The political center of this district was in a log courthouse on Coweta Creek, about a one-fourth of a mile west from the modern day center of the downtown Coweta. The Post Office was established on May 24, 1897, and was named after the Koweta Mission.

Many notable events occurred in 1903. Along with the arrival of the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad, Coweta’s first newspaper, "The Courier", was started, the first school was built, and a telephone line was put in.

Coweta is at (35.963155, -95.661586).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 10.7 square miles (27.6 km²), of which, 10.5 square miles (27.3 km²) of it is land and 0.1 square miles (0.3 km²) of it (1.1%) is water.

Coweta is home to two sites on the National Register of Historic Places list. The first is the Koweta Mission Site. The mission was added to the NRHP in 1973, today only a cemetery remains. The second historical site in Coweta is the First Presbyterian Church of Coweta, commonly known as the Mission Bell Museum. The Mission Bell Museum was added to the NRHP in 2003 and is owned and operated by the city of Coweta.


Tularemia

Tularemia (also called "Goblin Fever", "deer-fly fever", "Ohara fever" and "Francis disease") is a disease. Usually rodents get it. It is caused by a bacterium, "Francisella tularensis". There have been cases where the disease spread to humans. The disease can be treated with antibiotics.

Cases of tularemia should be reported to the local health authority. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention think "F. tularensis" could possibly be a bioweapons agent. For this reason, it has been included in the biological warfare programs of the USA, USSR and Japan at various times. A former Soviet biological weapons scientist, Kenneth Alibek, has said that an outbreak of Tularemia among German soldiers shortly before the siege of Stalingrad was due to intentional release of F. tularensis by Soviet forces, but this claim is rejected by others who have studied the outbreak. In the USA, practical research into using Tularemia as a bioweapon took place at Camp Detrick in the 1950s. It was viewed as an attractive agent because:

By the late 1950s the US biological warfare program was focused mostly on tularemia as a biological agent. The Schu S4 strain was standardized as Agent UL for use in the M143 bursting spherical bomblet. It was a lethal biological with an anticipated fatality rate of 40 to 60 percent. The rate-of-action was around three days, with a duration-of-action of one to three weeks (treated) and two to three months (untreated) with frequent relapses. UL was streptomycin resistant. The aerobiological stability of UL was a major concern, being sensitive to sun light, and losing virulence over time after release.

The United States later changed the military symbol for UL to TT (wet-type) and ZZ (dry-type) in an effort to retain security on the identity of military biologicals. When the 425 strain was standardized as agent JT (an incapacitant rather than lethal agent), the Schu S4 strain's symbol was changed again to SR.

No vaccine is available to the general public. The best way to prevent tularemia infection is to wear rubber gloves when handling or skinning rodents or lagomorphs (as rabbits), avoid ingesting uncooked wild game and untreated water sources, and wearing long-sleeved clothes and using an insect repellent to prevent tick bites.

In summer 2000, an outbreak of tularemia in Martha's Vineyard resulted in one dead person. It brought the interest of the CDC as a potential investigative ground for aerosolized "Francisella tularensis". Over the following summers, Martha's Vineyard was identified as the only place in the world where documented cases of tularemia resulted from lawn mowing. The research may prove valuable in preventing bioterrorism.

An outbreak of tularemia occurred in Kosovo in 1999-2000.

In 2004, three researchers at Boston University Medical Center were accidentally infected with "F. tularensis", after apparently failing to follow safety procedures.

In 2005, small amounts of "F. tularensis" were detected in the Mall area of Washington, DC the morning after an anti-war demonstration on September 24, 2005. Biohazard sensors were triggered at six locations surrounding the Mall. To this date, no cases of tularemia infection have been reported as a result.

In 2007, a lab of Boston University's Center for Advanced Biomedical Research, where "F. tularensis" were being kept for research, was evacuated after smoke set off alarms. An investigation has later determined that an electrical problem was the culprit, and no bacterial contamination was found.

In July 2007, an outbreak was reported in the Spanish autonomous region of Castile and León and traced to the plague of voles infesting the region.

Neubiberg

Neubiberg (Central Bavarian: "Neibiberg") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. The university of the Bundeswehr is there.

Brunnthal

Brunnthal (Central Bavarian: "Brunntoi") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Putzbrunn

Putzbrunn (Central Bavarian: "Butzbrunn") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Unterföhring

Unterföhring (Central Bavarian: "Untafering") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. Many media companies are in Unterföhring, for example ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG and Sky Deutschland.

Fur trade

The fur trade is a worldwide industry dealing in the gain and sale of animal bodies, or parties. It is still a on going tradition. The North American fur trade flourished for 250 years. This long time can be roughly divided into three sections:

Before the colonization of the Americas, Russia was a major fur supplier of Western Europe and parts of Asia. 
The North American fur trade was a central part of the early history of contact in The New World (North America) between European-Americans and Native Americans in the United States and First Nations in Canada.

The North American fur trade flourished for 250 years. This long time can be roughly divided into three sections: 

One of the earliest companies in the fur trade business was the Hudson's Bay Company, which was created by an English royal charter in 1670. The company still exists today, but now works in the retail business and operates a number of department stores in Canada, the United States and all around the world.

Before the colonization of the Americas, Russia was a major fur supplier of Western Europe and parts of Asia. 
The North American fur trade was a central part of the early history of contact in The New World (North America) between European-Americans and Native Americans in the United States and First Nations in Canada. 

The North American fur trade flourished for 250 years. This long time can be roughly divided into three sections: 

One of the earliest companies in the fur trade business was the Hudson's Bay Company, which was created by an English royal charter in 1670. The company still exists today, but now works in the retail business and operates a number of department stores in Canada, the United States and all around the world.



Argyle, Wisconsin

Argyle is a village in Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 823 people living in Argyle as of the year 2000. The village can be found inside the Town of Argyle. The United States Census Bureau says that the village has an area of 0.6 square miles (1.6 km²).


Miyuki Komatsu

She has acted in:

Aschheim

Aschheim (Central Bavarian: "Oscham", "Aschhoam") is a municipality in the district of the Munich Rural District.

NetSolve

NetSolve is an information technology company in the United States. Cisco Systems took it over on September 9, 2004.

Third-person shooter

Third-person shooter is a genre of video games in which the players character is seen from a distance. A first-person shooter is where the player plays as if they "are" the character. In a third person shooter the player "controls" the character. Some examples of a third-person shooter are the Grand Theft Auto series and Mafia. 
For PSP can also have Socom Fireteam Bravo Also with the Syphon Filter series with first person scope aim.

Klaus Ebner

Klaus Ebner (born August 8, 1964) is an Austrian writer of short stories, essays and poetry, and a translator. Born and raised in Vienna, he began writing at an early age. He started sending in stories to magazines in the 1980s, and also published articles and books about computer software after 1989. Ebner's poetry is written in German and Catalan. He is a member of several Austrian writers associations, including the Grazer Autorenversammlung.

His works include cultural essays on Catalan topics, and stories about Jewish traditions. His first book of short stories was printed in 2007. In 2008, Ebner published the short novel "Hominide". He has gotten several literary prizes, among them the Viennese "Wiener Werkstattpreis" in 2007. Austrian critics, such as Wolfgang Ratz, have praised Ebner's prose-style. The writer lives in Vienna with his family.

In the 1980s, he studied Romance languages, German and Translation at the University of Vienna. He also worked for a literary group and a magazine for literature in Vienna. Afterwards he worked as a translator, language teacher and IT project manager. In the 1990s, he published articles and books about software and computer networks; these books were in German, but he also wrote articles in English. In 2001 he wrote a university paper about islamism in Europe, which has been published later in Germany.

After school, Klaus Ebner has begun to write short stories, poetry and radio dramas. He usually published them in magazines of literature and culture. After the year 2004, he published literary texts much more often. Today, Klaus Ebner is an author of fiction (novels, short stories), essays and poems. He writes poetry in German and Catalan. Supported by the Austrian government, he went to Andorra in 2007 and wrote an essay about the country in the Pyrenees.

In 2007, Ebner's poem "a paperman and sick" became one of the Mentioned Poems at the International Poetry Prize Nosside. The jury spoke about the "sadness in big cities", which would be represented in the poem by a "paperman" whose "meal consists of loneliness". The English translation of the poem goes as follows:

In 2008 Klaus Ebner got the Wiener Werkstattpreis of 2007. The winning short story "Der Flügel Last (The Burden of the Wings)" shows a seven year old girl who has cancer. The story is told as if the girl would tell it herself. In the winning essay "Was blieb vom Weißen Ritter? (What do we still have of the White Knight?)", the reader learns about the novel from the Middle Ages "Tirant lo Blanch" by Joanot Martorell from Valencia. The author mixed his own reading experience with information from history and literature.

Klaus Ebner is a member of the Austrian Writers' Associations "Grazer Autorenversammlung (GAV)" and "Österreichischer Schriftstellerverband (ÖSV)".

Ebner's short stories have many different topics, which, as critic Julia Rafael says, include actual and socially relevant problems. She describes the stories included in the anthology "Lose" as "somewhat imploding" and says that "phantasms, irony and humor have their place, too". Ebner's metaphors have been described as "going beyond reality without losing ground". The journalist Paul C. Jezek said, Ebner's writing style is characterized by very carefully chosen wording. Each sentence has a melody; his short prose especially sounds lyrical. Jezek compares Ebner's sentences to "Japanese paintings – every word has been chosen with special care". Austrian writer and critic Wolfgang Ratz made a similar observation, underlining "the accurateness of Ebner's speech" and "his love for formal details", while pinpointing the sarcastic undertone of the critical stories.





Wagoner County, Oklahoma

Wagoner County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 80,981 people lived there. Its county seat is Wagoner.


The following sites in Wagoner County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Tulsa County, Oklahoma

Tulsa County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 669,279 people lived there. The county seat is Tulsa. It has the second most people of any county in Oklahoma, after Oklahoma County.

The county has a total area of 587 square miles.



The following sites in Tulsa County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:


National Register of Historic Places

The National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) is the United States government's official list of districts, sites, buildings, structures, and objects (all called "properties") worthy of preservation. The list is kept by the National Park Service. The National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 (NHPA) created the National Register and the method for adding properties to it. There are more than one million properties on the National Register, 80,000 are listed by themselves. The rest of the properties are smaller "contributing properties" that are part of historic districts. Each year around 30,000 properties are added to the National Register as part of districts or through individual listings. A few are National Historic Landmarks.


Wagoner, Oklahoma

Wagoner is a city in Wagoner County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 7,621 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Wagoner County.

Muskogee County, Oklahoma

Muskogee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 66,339 people lived there. Its county seat is Muskogee.

The county has a total area of 840 square miles.


The following sites in Muskogee County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Polans

The Polans were a West Slavic tribe that lived in Greater Poland. Polans united other Polish tribes and created Poland. The first Catholic ruler of the Polans was Mieszko I. Here is an extract of Helmold's Chronica Slavorum:

""Slavorum igitur populi multi sunt habitantes in litore Balthici maris. Sinus huius maris ab occidentali occeano orientem versus porrigitur. Appellatur ideo Balthicus (...) idemque mare barbarum seu pelagus Schiticum vocatur a gentibus, quas alluit, barbaris. Hoc mare multae circumsedent naciones. Dani siquidem ac Sueones, quos Northmannos vocamus, septentrionale litus et omnes in eo continent insulas. At litus australe Slavorum incolunt nationes, quorum ab oriente primi sunt Ruci, deinde Polani, habentes a septentrione Pruzos, ab austro Boemos et eos qui dicuntur Marahi sive Karinthi atque Sorabi.""

in English, it means:

""There are a lot of Slavic tribes, that live on the coast of the Baltic Sea. The bay of this sea is directed from the west ocean to east. It's called Baltic (...) This sea is also called barbarian or Scythian from the barbarian tribes, that is failing. There are a lot of tribes that live around this sea; namely Danes and Swedes, which we call Normans, they live on the northern coast and all of the isles. Southern coast inhabit Glavic tribes, the first of them are Rus'; there are also Polans, that border in the north with Prussians, on the south with Czechs, and these, that are calling themselves Moravians or Carynthians and Sorbians.""

Cherokee County, Oklahoma

Cherokee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, the population was 47,078. Its capital city is Tahlequah.

The county has a total area of 776 square miles.


The following sites in Cherokee County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Mao, Dominican Republic

The Dominican city of Santa Cruz de Mao, or simply Mao. It is the head municipality of the Valverde province, on the northwest of the country. It is the largest city of the Dominican northwest and the centre of the region.

Its name is a Taíno word. It comes from the Mao River, near the city. Its nickname is "Ciudad de los Bellos Atardeceres" ("City of the Beautiful Sunsets") because there are not many mountains to the west of the city. Instead, it is common to see a "red" sky during sunsets. It is a very dry region and there are much dust in the air which gives the red color to the sky.

There were a total of 51,647 people living in the area in in . Out of this, 25,663 are men while there were 25,984 women. The urban population was of the total population.

For most of its history, the region was called "El Despoblado". It means a region without any population. Since it is a very dry region, agriculture was not possible.

When the governor of the Spanish colony gave the order in 1606 that everybody living on the northern coast had to move inland, some people came to live around the present Mao. They had cows that were raised in "hatos"; "hato", which means a large farm for raising cattle (a ranch). So "hato" is the name of many places around Mao: Hatico, Hato del Yaque, Hato Nuevo, Hato Viejo, Hato del Medio.

The town of Mao was built close to where the Mao river flows into the Yaque del Norte river. The first Catholic church was build in 1869.

Mao was made a "Puesto Cantonal" (an old category similar to the present Municipal District under a military government). In 1882, Mao was elevated to the category of municipality and in 1904 its official name was changed to "Valverde" after José Desiderio Valverde, past President of the Dominican Republic. Because the name Mao was known by everybody and Valverde was a new name, people called the city as "Valverde (Mao)", and it is still common to say so.

When the province was created in 1959, Mao was made its head municipality and provincial capital.

Mao has a total area of . It is about of the total area of the province of Valverde. The city has an elevation of , and at to the northwest of Santo Domingo.

The municipality of Mao has the Santiago Rodríguez province to the west, the Santiago province to the south and east, the municipality of Laguna Salada to the northwest and the municipality of Esperanza to the northeast.

Mao has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a noticeable dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is July with .

Mao is in a hot region. The average temperature for the year is .

The municipality of Mao has three municipal districts:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main products in the municipality are rice, bananas and plantain.

Mayes County, Oklahoma

Mayes County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 39,046 people lived there. Its county seat is Pryor, also known as Pryor Creek.


The following sites in Mayes County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Rogers County, Oklahoma

Rogers County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 95,240 people lived there. Its county seat is Claremore.

The county has a total area of 711 square miles.


The followings sites in Rogers County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Koweta Mission Site

Koweta Mission Site is a National Register of Historic Places site added in 1973.

The Koweta Mission was founded in 1843 when white missionaries arrived in Coweta, Oklahoma to teach Native American children. Reverend Robert Loughridge and his wife, Olivia, bought an empty cabin for ten dollars and began teaching. He named the mission "Koweta".

Sean Hannity

Sean Hannity (born December 30, 1961) is an American radio talk show host and best-selling author. He first was noticed as the co-host for the Fox News program Hannity & Colmes, a political television program co-hosted by Alan Colmes. He is the second highest rated talk-radio show in the United States, for his work with his show called The Sean Hannity Show. He is also the host of Hannity's America, on the TV station Fox News Channel.


Brett Favre

Brett Lorenzo Favre (born October 10, 1969, in Gulfport, Mississippi, United States) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League. He played college football for the Southern Miss Golden Eagles. Favre was known for his controversy as well, especially his retirement saga and sexual abuse scandal with New York and failure to cooperate in the investigation, for which he was fined $50 thousand. Favre is also well known for his love of the outdoors and his "iron man" reputation earned for his toughness, which helped him in cold Wisconsin and Minnesota. He was a color anylst for one 2011 college game.

Brett weighed 9 pounds 15 ounces when he was born on Oct. 10, 1969. He had several brothers with whom he played baseball and football.

Favre started at the quarterback position for The University of Southern Mississippi for four solid years.

Favre was chosen in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons. He threw two interceptions.

On February 10, 1992, after a season with the Falcons, he was traded to the Green Bay Packers on for the 19th pick in the 1992 NFL Draft. He became the Packers' starting quarterback in 1992, then started every game after the 1992 season until the end of the 2007 season with the Packers. He was the MVP of Super Bowl XXXI, which was especially notable because Favre was previously addicted to pain killers that he took. On November 4, 2007, Favre became the third to beat the other 31 teams after beating the Kansas City Chiefs at Arrowhead Stadium. The 2008 NFC Championship game against the New York Giants would be Brett Favre's last game as a Packer in which the Pack lost in overtime when Favre threw an interception. The interception is Favre's last pass as a Packer. Despite many interceptions, Favre had a great career with Green Bay. In 2008 he said that he would retire, but later changed his mind before the 2008 season start. The Packers stuck with the decision to start a younger player, Aaron Rodgers, as their quarterback.

Favre was dealt to the New York Jets. He and the Jets started off the season well, but Favre got hurt down the stretch. That injury was not reported by the Jets, who had to pay a $125,000 fine. Favre ended the season with 22 touchdown passes and 22 interceptions.

He retired again after the season, but came out of retirement another time to play for the Minnesota Vikings for the 2009 season. Favre actually had the best statistical season of his career in 2009, throwing for 34 touchdowns next to seven interceptions for Minnesota. However, his season ended with an interception by Tracy Porter in a loss to the New Orleans Saints in the NFC Championship. After this, he decided to play for the Vikings in 2010 as well, but threw only 11 touchdowns next to 19 interceptions as he and the franchise struggled. Favre was often injured, and retired for good after the season ended.

Favre started 297 games in a row at quarterback from 1992 to 2010. He became the first quarterback to lead his team to victory over all of the NFL's 32 teams after defeating the Chiefs on November 4, 2007. Seven years later, Peyton Manning would accomplish this feet after defeating the Indianapolis Colts (his former team), in their opener. In 2007 against the Vikings, he also threw his 421st career touchdown pass, setting another record.

Despite contoversy, Favre also has an interesting personal life. He is an endorser (does commercials/advertisements) for Wrangler Jeans and is famous for his love of the outdoors. Favre is married and even has a grandson. He is active with charity, as he started the Favre Fourward Foundation.

In 2012, Favre started a Twitter account, which Favre later claimed (said) was hacked.

Also in 2012, a New Orleans Saints play for pay program was exposed. Former New Orleans defensive coodinator Gregg Williams had paid players to deliver especially hard and/or illegal hits on an opposing player. Such activity is against NFL rules. Favre had taken some especially hard hits with the Vikings against the Saints, especially in the NFC Championship loss in 2009. Favre said that he was not angry, but instead "happy that the truth came out."


Headline

A headline is text at the top of a article, telling the reader the nature of the article below. Newspapers almost always have "headlines" in their papers.

Transistor–transistor logic

Transistor–Transistor Logic (TTL) is a class of digital circuits built from transistors and resistors. It is called "transistor–transistor logic" because the logic function (e.g., AND) and amplification is performed by transistors. Many integrated circuits have TTL technology. They are used in applications such as computers, industrial controls, test equipment and instrumentation, synthesizers, etc.

TTL gates define a voltage below 0.5V as "0", and a voltage of 4–5V as "1".


Northwest Ordinance

The Northwest Ordinance of 1787 said that the land north of the Ohio River and east of the Mississippi River would eventually become part of the United States. It encouraged people to move out of the east to the west. The Ordinance established policies for governing the territory and included laws eventually adopted in the Constitution. Included in the Ordinance were laws protecting freedom of religion (Article I), rights of the accused (Article II), public education and Indian land rights (Article III), admission of new states (Article V), and prohibition of slavery in the territory (Article VI). The territory included the future states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, and part of Minnesota. This was a very important part in the American history.

Protactinium

Protactinium is a very radioactive chemical element with the symbol Pa and atomic number 91. The density of this element is 231.04

Protactinium is a silver metallic element that is in the actinide group, with a bright metallic shine that it keeps for some time in the air. It is superconductive at temperatures below 1.4 K.

Due to its scarcity, high radioactivity and toxicity, there are currently no uses for protactinium outside of basic research.

Protactinium-231 (which is made by the alpha decay of Uranium-235 followed by beta decay of Thorium-231) could possibly sustain a nuclear chain reaction and might be used to build a nuclear weapon. The critical mass, according to Walter Seifritz, is 750±180 kg. Other authors conclude that no chain reactions are possible in Protactinium-231.

Protactinium was first discovered in 1913, when Kasimir Fajans and O. H. Göhring encountered short-lived isotope 234m-Pa, with a half-life of about 1.17 minutes, while they were studying the decay chain of 238-U. They gave the new element the name "Brevium" (Latin "brevis", brief, short); the name was changed to "Protoactinium" in 1918 when two groups of scientists (Otto Hahn and Lise Meitner of Germany and Frederick Soddy and John Cranston of the UK) independently discovered 231-Pa. The name was shortened to "Protactinium" in 1949.

In 1961, the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority was able to produce 125 g of 99.9% pure protactinium, processing 60 tons of waste material in a 12-stage process and spending 500,000 USD. For many years to come, this was the world's only way to get the element. It is said that the metal was sold to laboratories for a cost of 2,800 USD / g in the following years.

Protactinium is both toxic and highly radioactive. It requires precautions similar to those used when handling plutonium.


Troy Aikman

Troy Kenneth Aikman (born November 21, 1966 in West Covina, California) is a former American football quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League, and is now a television sportscaster for the Fox television network. He is also a shared owner of the NASCAR Nextel Cup racing team, Hall of Fame Racing, along with fellow former Cowboys quarterback, Roger Staubach. He was chosen for the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2006.

Johnny Unitas

John Constantine "Johnny" Unitas (May 7, 1933 – September 11, 2002, often called "Johnny U."), was a professional American football player in the 1950s through the 1970s. He was a record-setting quarterback and the National Football League's most valuable player in 1959, 1964 and 1967. His record of throwing a touchdown pass in 47 consecutive games (between 1956-1960) is unrivaled. Unitas is commonly considered the greatest quarterback of all-time. He spent his first and last seasons each with the Pittsburgh Steelers and San Diego Chargers. He is most famous for his time with the Baltimore Colts. He was part of what some considered "The Greatest Game ever Played," in 1959. Unitas handed a ball to Alan Ameche, who scored against the New York Giants. The Colts eventually moved from Baltimore to Indianapolis in 1984. Unitas supported the Baltimore Ravens and is part of their Ring of Honor (Inducted 2002).


Dick Butkus

Richard Marvin "Dick" Butkus (December 9, 1942 – October 5, 2023) was an American former football player. He was commonly considered as the greatest linebacker of his time. He was raised in Roseland, Chicago, Illinois.
In college, Butkus played for the University of Illinois. He played professional football in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears. He became a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1979.

Butkus died in his sleep at his home in Malibu, California, on October 5, 2023, at the age of 80. The cause of death was a stroke caused by atrial fibrillation, atherosclerosis, and hypercholesterolemia.

Mike Ditka

Michael Keller Ditka, Jr. (born October 18, 1939, in Carnegie, Pennsylvania), is a former NFL player, television commentator, and coach. Ditka coached the Chicago Bears for 11 years and New Orleans Saints for 3 years. Ditka and Tom Flores are the only two people to win Super Bowls as a player, an assistant coach and a head coach. Ditka was the only person to take part in the last two Chicago Bears' championships, as a player in 1963 and as head coach in 1985.

On November 23, 2018, Ditka was hospitalized in Naples, Florida after suffering a heart attack while playing golf.


The Sean Hannity Show

The Sean Hannity Show is an American radio show with conservative talk show host Sean Hannity. It is a political talk show, but many times will cover things other than the mainstream media. The "Hannity" program is the second highest rated program, behind only The Rush Limbaugh Show. On the show, "Sean" and the people who call in often say to each other "you're a great American!" 


John Elway

John Albert Elway, Jr. (born June 28, 1960 in Port Angeles, Washington) is a retired Hall of Fame American football quarterback. He played his college football at Stanford and his whole professional career for the Denver Broncos football team of the National Football League (NFL). He was the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP) in 1987. Elway won Super Bowls with the Broncos in 1998 and 1999, and was the MVP of Super Bowl XXXIII in 1999, throwing for one touchdown and rushing for another as the Broncos beat the Atlanta Falcons, 34-19. That ended up being his final game (other than the 1999 Pro Bowl), as he retired after that season.

Detroit Lions

The Detroit Lions are an American football team in Detroit. The Lions play in the National Football League (NFL) as a member of the National Football Conference (NFC) North division. The team plays its home games at Ford Field.

The Lions won four between 1935 and 1957, all prior to the Super Bowl era. Since the 1957 championship, the franchise has won only a single playoff game during the 1991 season and holds the league's longest postseason win drought. They are the only franchise that has existed for the entire Super Bowl era to not appear in the Super Bowl.


Michael Irvin

Michael Jerome Irvin (born March 5, 1966) is a former American football player for the Dallas Cowboys. He is also a former broadcaster for ESPN's "NFL Countdown". He is commonly known as one of the most successful wide receivers in the history of the National Football League.


Howie Long

Howard Michael Moses Long (born January 6, 1960 in Somerville, Massachusetts) is a former American football player who played as a defensive end, and was chosen for the Hall of Fame in 2000. He won the Super Bowl XVIII with the Los Angeles Raiders on January 22, 1984. Long currently works as a studio analyst for the Fox Network's NFL coverage.

Hoang Hoa Tham

Hoàng Hoa Thám () or Đề Thám (); (born Trương Văn Thám () 1858 – February 10, 1913) was leader of the famous Yen The Uprising against the French during Western conquest of Vietnam.

Pro Football Hall of Fame

The Pro Football Hall of Fame is the hall of fame of the National Football League (NFL). It opened in Canton, Ohio, United States, on September 7 1963 with 17 original inductees. Through 2008, all but one of the Hall of Fame members have played some part of their professional career in the NFL (the only player who did not is Buffalo Bills guard Billy Shaw, who played his whole career in the American Football League (AFL) before the 1970 AFL-NFL merger). The Chicago Bears have the most Hall of Famers in the league at 26.

Cypress

Cypress is a name used for many trees and shrubs in the conifer family Cupressaceae (cypress family). 

The name comes from the genus "Cupressus" which survives today as a conifer tree. About 30 cypress species survive.

Many cypress trees have needle-like, evergreen foliage and acorn-like seed cones.

Their earlier relatives were very common in the forests of the Jurassic period.

Míkmaq language

The Mi'kmaq language (also spelled Míkmaq, Mi'gmaq, Mi'qmac, or priorly Micmac) is an Eastern Algonquian language spoken by nearly 9,000 Míkmaq in Canada, and another 1,200 in United States, out of a total ethnic Míkmaq population of roughly 40,000. The word "Míkmaq" is a plural word meaning 'my friends' (singular "Míkm"); the adjectival form is "Míkmaw". The language's native name is "Míkmawísimk" or "Míkmwei" (in some dialects).

Míkmaq is written with letters of the Roman alphabet. This writing system was created by missionaries in the 19th century. Before, the language was written in Míkmaq hieroglyphic writing, a script of partially-native origin.



Los Angeles Chargers

The Los Angeles Chargers are a professional American football team from the Los Angeles metropolitan area. They are currently part of the Western Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The team first played in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League. The club spent its first season in Los Angeles before moving to San Diego in 1961, becoming the San Diego Chargers and spending 56 seasons in that city before moving back to the Los Angeles area from 2017 to 2019. The team played at Dignity Health Sports Park, a soccer stadium in suburban Carson that serves as home to the LA Galaxy of Major League Soccer. In 2020, the Chargers joined the Los Angeles Rams at that team's new SoFi Stadium in another Los Angeles suburb, Inglewood.

From 2007 to 2019, Phillip Rivers was their starting quarterback. The current quarterback is Justin Herbert. The original team logo was a charging horse. Over time, the logo evolved into a lightning bolt, a play on a different meaning of "charge". The team wears navy blue jerseys and white pants for most home games, white jerseys and navy pants for road games, and powder blue jerseys with white pants for designated home games. There is a gold bolt on the jersey that is outlined in both powder blue and navy.



Metal leaf

Metal leaf is a type of metallic foil used mostly for decoration. Gold leaf, a thin layering of gold foil, is the most common form of metal leaf, and the two words are often mixed up. Only very malleable metals can be made into leaf. Those metals are easily shaped, but at the same time very hard to break. Metal leaf is seen in various fields other than in decoration, sometimes used in art and gilding, its purposes in some cultures varies. Vark is a type of silver leaf used to decorate Indian cuisine.


Foo Fighters

The Foo Fighters is an American rock band started by musician and former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl. Grohl made the band in 1994 after Nirvana's singer, Kurt Cobain, died. The band's name comes from a term used in World War II about strange sky objects (UFOs). Pat Smear, who was also in Nirvana, is a member of the band.

The band has achieved a world-wide following, and has won many awards for their music. They have released ten studio albums and twenty-eight singles. Foo Fighters has won fifteen Grammy Awards, and is in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The current members of the band are Dave Grohl (singing and guitar), Pat Smear (guitar), Chris Shiflett (guitar), Nate Mendel (bass guitar), and Rami Jaffee (piano).Josh Freese Was announced for Hawkins replacement p
Alan Vaytsman performed many tribute to Taylor Hawkins. The song by John Lennon is dedicated to Taylor Hawkins


Ronnie O'Sullivan

Ronnie O'Sullivan (born 5 December 1975) is an English professional snooker player. He was born in Wordsley, West Midlands. He grew up in Chigwell, Essex and still lives there. He was World Champion in 2001, 2004, 2008, 2012, 2013, 2020 and 2022.

Ronnie O'Sullivan made his first century break at age 10.

He has won the UK Championship eight times. This was in 1993, 1997, 2001, 2007, 2014, 2017, 2018 and 2023. He has won the Masters seven times, in 1995, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2014, 2016 and 2017.


Rain (entertainer)

Jung Ji-Hoon (born June 25, 1982), better known by his stage name Rain, is a South Korean singer, recording artist, dancer, actor, model and designer.

In Rain's music career, he produced seven albums (six Korean, one Japanese), 19 singles and many concert tours around the world. His acting career began in 2003. This was when he won the KBS Best New Actor Award for his role in the drama "Sang Doo! Let's Go To School". In 2004, Rain won the KBS Excellence in Acting award for his role in the drama "Full House". After starring in "A Love To Kill", he acted in his first Korean film, "I'm a Cyborg, But That's OK" (2006), which won the Alfred Bauer Prize at the Berlin International Film Festival. Rain has acted in the American films "Speed Racer" (2008) and "Ninja Assassin" (2009). He was the first Korean to win an MTV award.

In 2007, Rain left the management of JYP Entertainment and started his own company, J. Tune Entertainment. However, he still keeps contact with Park Jin-young.

Rain spent most of his childhood living with his parents and younger sister near Yonsei University. Rain was a quiet and shy child. He discovered his passion for dance when he performed in a talent show for High School. Rain decided to follow his passion and attended High School of Arts.

Rain lost his mother when she died with diabetes in 2000. In the same year, Rain was picked up to train for JYP Entertainment, led by Park Jin-Young. However, in a CNN interview and also in a Discovery Channel documentary called Discovering Hip Korea, he said he was repeatedly rejected because of his looks. During the early years of training, Rain was a backup dancer.

Algonquian languages

The Algonquian or ;
(also Algonquin, Algonkian) languages are a subfamily of Native American languages that includes most of the languages in the Algic language family. The term "Algonquin" comes from the Maliseet word "elakómkwik" (), "they are our relatives/allies". Many Algonquian languages are extremely endangered today, while a number of others have already died out completely. There are about 30 languages. The three categories of the Algonquian languages are "Plains Algonquian Languages", "Central Algonquian Languages" and "Eastern Algonquian Languages".

Speakers of Algonquian languages stretch from the east coast of North America all the way to the Rocky Mountains. The language from which all of the languages of the family come was spoken at least 3,000 years ago.

The Algonquian languages are 'poly-synthetic', which means that you can make entire sentences in one word.

Algonquian languages by group include:


Extinct languages are marked with (†)




Ismaning

Ismaning is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. As of December 31, 2008, it had a population of 15,181.

Grünwald, Bavaria

Grünwald (Central Bavarian: "Greawoid") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. The Bavaria Film Studios and a castle are in Grünwald. It is one of the wealthiest municipalities in Germany.

Kirchheim bei München

Kirchheim (Central Bavarian: "Kirchheim ba Minga") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Haar, Bavaria

Haar is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Arieş River

The name Arieş River can be one of three rivers in Romania:


Garching bei München

Garching (Central Bavarian: "Garching bei Minga") is a town in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. There are other towns in Germany, which are called "Garching" so this one is often called "Garching bei München". This is German for Garching near Munich.

Mureș

The name Mureş can mean:

Taufkirchen (bei München)

Taufkirchen (Central Bavarian: "Taufkira ba Minga") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Arena Football League

The Arena Football League (or AFL) is a defunct American football league in the United States that ran from 1987 to 2008, and 2010 to 2019. After it ended the first time, another league like it started in 2010, called Arena Football 1. Some, but not all, of the AFL teams joined Arena Football 1. The league later changed its name to the Arena Football League. There were 6 teams in 2019 when the league folded due to bankruptcy.

Unlike what people in this league call the outdoor league (the NFL), "Arena football" is played in an smaller arena. Arena Football is played with only 8 players on a team, not 11 like the NFL.

The Arena Football League has had many teams join and leave the league. Every year, there has been at least one team which did not play with the same name as the year before.


Elmo

Elmo is a muppet character from the TV show "Sesame Street". He is a red monster, and has his own part of the show called "Elmo's World". His age is 3 years old. He is very famous for his laugh. His best friend is a pink fairy named Abby Cadabby.

Elmo was originally a nameless extra performed by various puppeteers with no established identity. After that, he became a recurring character on the show. Brian Muehl was the first main performer and gave him a whispery voice. Richard Hunt performed him next and gave him a gruff voice. However, Kevin Clash was given the muppet in 1984 and used a new voice for him. This voice was made using falsetto. The muppet then became very popular. Elmo always talks in third person: for example, Elmo says "Elmo knows where you live!" rather than "I know where you live!" Elmo has a pet fish named Dorothy. He plays the toy piano and likes to ride his tricycle. Elmo is very popular with younger children.

In the 1990s, an Elmo toy called "Tickle Me Elmo" was sold. In a short time, it became one of the most popular "Sesame Street" toys in stores.

San Francisco 49ers

The San Francisco 49ers are a professional American football team. The team plays its home games in Santa Clara, California at Levi's Stadium, as the teams head office and practice areas are located there. The 49ers are a member of the NFC West of the National Football League (NFL). The team is called the 49ers because of San Francisco's history in the Gold Rush of 1849. The team colors are red, gold, and silver. The team has appeared in seven Super Bowls, winning five of them.



Tennessee Titans

The Tennessee Titans are a professional American football team in Nashville, Tennessee. They are currently part of the South Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). They used to be known as the Houston Oilers, and played in Houston, Texas. The team was started in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League (AFL). The Oilers won two AFL championships before joining the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL Merger.

The team moved to the state of Tennessee in 1997. They played in Memphis for one season before moving to Nashville. For two seasons, the team was known as the Tennessee Oilers. They changed their name to the Titans in 1999.


Mumps

Mumps is a viral disease. Only humans get it. Some of the most common symptoms are fever, headaches, swelling of the parotoid glands, sore throat, and orchitis (which means swelling of the testicles). 

Mumps can be diagnosed by the increase in alpha amylase isoenzymes in blood plasma.

The MMR vaccine stops measles, mumps and rubella. Hence we can say that mumps can be prevented by MMR vaccination.

Civilian Conservation Corps

The Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) was started by Franklin D. Roosevelt during the Great Depression. The "CCC" gave young men jobs such as fighting forest fires, digging ditches, and planting trees. The "CCC" paid these men about thirty dollars a month. At first, it was planned to get men out of the cities, but more men came from small towns and rural areas.


Killer app

A killer app is a term used for a video game which makes people want to buy the console it is played on. People will get the console just so they can play that game.

Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels

Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels is a Mario video game made by Nintendo. It was released as "Super Mario Bros. 2" in Japan in 1986 for the Famicom Disk System. Nintendo of America took another game, called "Doki Doki Panic", and released that instead under the "Super Mario Bros. 2" name.

"The Lost Levels" was not released in the United States since Nintendo of America felt that Americans would not be happy with the game because they felt it was too hard and too similar to "Super Mario Bros".
"The Lost Levels" feature updated graphics from the original, new items, and new functions. 


Mario and Luigi now act differently. Luigi has a higher jump and skids more when coming to a stop.

The game was first released around the world in 1993 in "Super Mario All-Stars" for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console. That game had the other three "Super Mario Bros." games with better graphics and a save function.

Since then, it has been re-released three more times. 

Chiang Mai

Chiang Mai is the biggest city in northern Thailand and the second biggest city in Thailand. The city's name is Thai for "new city" because it replaced Chiang Rai, meaning "old city", as the capital of the Lan Na Kingdom. It is the capital of Chiang Mai Province, the second-biggest province of Thailand. Neighboring provinces are (from northeast to northwest) Chiang Rai, Lampang, Lamphun, Tak, and Mae Hong Son. In the north it is next to Shan State of Myanmar.

Hyōgo Prefecture

Hyōgo Prefecture is a prefecture in the Kansai region of Japan on the island of Honshu. The capital city is Kobe. 

In the Meiji period, Hyōgo Prefecture was formed by merging the provinces of Harima, Tajima, Awaji, and parts of Tamba and Settsu.

In 1993, Himeji Castle was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is in the city of Himeji.

In 1995, the Great Hanshin earthquake damaged Kobe and neighboring Osaka Prefecture. It caused the deaths of 5,000+ people.

Hyōgo has coastlines on two seas. The Sea of Japan is north of the prefecture and the Seto Inland Sea is on the south. Awaji Island in the Inland Sea is part of Hyōgo.

Hyōgo shares land borders with Osaka Prefecture, Kyoto Prefecture, Tottori Prefecture and Okayama Prefecture.

There are twenty-nine cities in Hyōgo Prefecture, including
National Parks are established in about 20% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Izumo daijinju" is the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Adelaide Zoo

Adelaide Zoo is Australia's second oldest zoo. It is in Adelaide, South Australia. The zoo has over 1800 animals from 300 different species. 

In 2009, the zoo will be get two Giant Pandas, from China.


Ruth Harkness

Ruth Elizabeth Harkness (21 September 1900 – 20 July 1947) was an American fashion designer and socialite. She traveled to China in 1936 and brought back the first live giant panda to the United States. Her story was told in a book by Vicki Constantine Croke, "The Lady and the Panda", published by Random House in 2005. Ruth was found dead in a hotel on July 20th 1947.

Brookfield Zoo

The Brookfield Zoo is a large zoo near Chicago, Illinois. The zoo is about 216 acres (874,124 m²), and has around 450 species of animals.



Shirahama, Wakayama

Wakayama Prefecture

In the Meiji period, Wakayama Prefecture was created from the western part of Kii Province.

Wakayama's southwestern coastline faces the Seto Inland Sea and its southeastern coastline is on the Pacific Ocean. The northern borders of the prefecture meet Osaka Prefecture, Nara Prefecture, and Mie Prefecture.

There are nine cities in Wakayama Prefecture:

These are the towns and villages in each district:
National Parks are established in about 9% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Hinokuma-kunikakasu jinjū" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Webcast

A webcast is a type of media file used on the Internet. It is distributed using streaming media technology to many people at the same time. It is basically the same as broadcasting over the internet.

Many radio and TV stations, as well as stations that are only on the internet, have webcasts. Businesses may have webcasts to give presentations or to teach people. Some people broadcast weddings or funerals through webcasts.

Kansas City Chiefs

The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team in Kansas City, Missouri. The team is a part of the Western Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). Their starting quarterback is Patrick Mahomes.

Originally called the Dallas Texans, the club was founded by Lamar Hunt in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League. The team moved to Kansas City and became the Chiefs in 1963 after then-Kansas City mayor H. Roe Bartle promised the team they would have more ticket sales. The Chiefs then joined the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL Merger. The Chiefs hold the distinction of being the second AFL team (after the New York Jets) to beat an NFL club in an AFL-NFL World Championship Game when they beat the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl IV.

The Chiefs won Super Bowl LIV by defeating the San Francisco 49ers 31-20. This was the team’s first Super Bowl win since 1969.

The term "chief" is sometimes considered to be insulting to Native Americans. There has been no serious effort to change the team's nickname. They have used an arrowhead as their symbol for a long time. They also named their home field Arrowhead Stadium.


Jacksonville Jaguars

The Jacksonville Jaguars are a professional American football team in Jacksonville, Florida. They are currently members of the Southern Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Jaguars, and the Carolina Panthers, became part of the NFL as expansion teams in 1995.



Houston Texans

The Houston Texans are a professional American National Football League team in Houston, Texas. Their current quarterback is CJ Stroud. They are part of the American Football Conference (AFC). The Texans joined the NFL in 2002 as an expansion team. 

The team is, of course, named for their home state. There was another "Texans" team in the early 1960s, the Dallas Texas. That team move and became the Kansas City Chiefs. The first NFL team in Houston was the "Oilers". The Oilers moved to Tennessee and were renamed the "Titans". The Texans were created in order to replace the Oilers in Houston.



Cleveland Browns

The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team in Cleveland, Ohio. The team plays in the AFC North division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Cleveland Browns started playing in 1946 as a charter member of the All-America Football Conference and joined the NFL in 1950 after the AAFC folded. After the 1995 season, the Browns moved to Baltimore, Maryland and changed its name to the Baltimore Ravens. However, the Browns' team history stayed behind in Cleveland. A new Cleveland Browns team began playing in the 1999 NFL season, inheriting the history of the first Browns team.

The team has also won four NFL Championships. It is one of two teams in Ohio, the other team is the Cincinnati Bengals.

They are one of two NFL teams to finish the season with 0 wins, going 0-16 in the 2017 NFL season. They share this achievement with the Detroit Lions, who went 0-16 in 2008.


Cincinnati Bengals

The Cincinnati Bengals are a professional American football team in Cincinnati, Ohio. They are currently members of the North Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). Their first season, 1968, was as an American Football League franchise, but they joined the NFL as part of the 1970 AFL-NFL Merger. Their current quarterback is Joe Burrow.

The Bengals' stadium is Paul Brown Stadium, in Cincinnati. Their uniforms are an orange, black, or white jersey with tiger stripes and black or white pants.

The team chose its name for the fierce and dangerous big cat called the Bengal tiger.


Commentary

A commentary often means some sort of voice that will explain what is going on while a program is playing. Commentary is most often used in sports. Some famous commentators are Jim Ross, Larry Merchant, Jesse Ventura, Navjot Singh Sidhu and Gorilla Monsoon.

A commentary can mean comments, spoken or written, which help people understand a book, play or work of art.

Kelvedon

Kelvedon is a village and town in Essex, England.

There has been a settlement on the bend of the River Blackwater for thousands of years. Archeologists have found evidence that shows the settlement was a Celtic trading port. The Romans started a settlement here called "Canonium".
The present village of Kelvedon has been lived in since the early Middle Ages. The building of the Norwich - London railway, made Kelvedon a good place to live, but with easy and quick access to London. The village was built along one road, High Street. From the 1930's the village began to spread for miles along the street which was part of the A12. In the 1960's a bypass was built to go around the village. In the 1980's a large housing development called "Riverside Park" added hundreds of houses.


Baltimore Ravens

The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football team in Baltimore, Maryland, USA. They play in the AFC North Division of the National Football League (NFL). The team is named after the poem, "The Raven" by Edgar Allen Poe. The Ravens are rivals with the Cleveland Browns, Pittsburgh Steelers, Cincinnati Bengals, and Tennessee Titans. The Ravens have the Super Bowl title twice, Super Bowl XXXV, in the 2000 NFL season against the New York Giants and Super Bowl XLVII in the 2012 NFL season against the San Francisco 49ers. As of 2023, the Ravens' quarterback is Lamar Jackson. They play at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore, MD.

Baltimore has long been known for their great defense. In 2000, the Ravens had one of the best defenses in NFL history. Some major Ravens defenders include middle linebacker Ray Lewis, outside linebacker/defensive end Terrell Suggs, defensive tackle Haloti Ngata, cornerback Chris McAlister, outside linebacker Peter Boulware, cornerback Lardarius Webb, defensive tackle Tony Siragusa, and defensive back Rod Woodson. Several Ravens defensive coodinators (Marvin Lewis, Mike Nolan, Rex Ryan, and Chuck Pagano) have gone to be NFL head coaches.

The offense has been considered mediocre. The Ravens have had many different quarterbacks, including Trent Dilfer, Vinny Testaverde, Kyle Boller, and Joe Flacco, with limited success. The Ravens have gotten good results from players like Todd Heap, Derrick Mason, Flacco, Jamal Lewis, and some others on offense.

The Ravens special teams has also been praised. Notable players include kicker , punter Sam Koch, and returner Jermaine Lewis.

In 1996, the Ravens' logo had a seal with a "B" for Baltimore. That logo was featured on the Ravens' helmets. In 1999, the logo changed to the head a purple Raven with the Baltimore B. That has been on team helmets since.

The Baltimore Ravens uniform combinations are: purple jersey and white pants (standard, introduced in 1999), white jersey with white pants (introduced in 1996, often worn for away games), white jersey with black pants (introduced in 2008, often worn in away games and at the season-home opener), purple jersey and black pants (alternate, 'not often worn,' introduced in 1996), black jerseys and white pants (alternate, introduced in 2008), and black jersey and black pants (alternate, introduced in 2004). Purple jerseys are most often worn during day-time home games. The black jerseys are worn only at home games, usually games that are played at night. The white jersey combinations are worn at most away games. However, the black pants and white jersey combination is usually worn by the Ravens for their first home game of every season. That tradition was started under head coach John Harbaugh in 2008.

"See main articles: Memorial Stadium (Baltimore) and M&T Bank Stadium."

The Ravens played their first two seasons in Memorial Stadium, where the Baltimore Orioles Major League Baseball team and the Baltimore Colts played. Before the 1998 season, the Ravens moved to what is now M&T Bank Stadium. The stadium was called "PSI Net Stadium" up until 2001 when the PSI Net company went bankrupt. The stadium was referred to as "Ravens Stadium" in 2002. Many fans signed a letter asking that the Ravens officials name the stadium "Johnny Unitas Stadium" after Baltimore Colts Hall of Fame quarterback Johnny Unitas. The request was unsuccessful. Before the 2003 season, the Ravens, Maryland Stadium Authority, and M&T Bank signed a long term contract for the stadium to be called "M&T Bank Stadium." The stadium's official holding is listed at 71,008 people, but can hold more.

The official headquarters of the Baltimore Ravens (commonly referred to as "The Castle," or "Baltimore Ravens Training Complex') is located in Owings Mills, Maryland, USA.

"See also: http://www.baltimoreravens.com/News/History/Ring_of_Honor.aspx" 

The Ravens induct personnel that they feel meat up to set standards on and off the field into the team Ring of Honor (presented by Smyth Jewlers).

The current Baltimore Ravens Ring of Honor:

Baltimore Colts honored: QB #19 Johnny Unitas, RB #24 Lenny Moore, OT #70 Art Donovan, DE #89 Geno Marchitti, WR #84 Reymond Berry, TE #88 John Mackey, and DE #83 Ted Hendricks (Inducted 2002)


The Baltimore Colts played in Baltimore from 1953 to 1984. In 1995, Cleveland Browns owner Art Modell announced that his struggling team could no longer compete financially or on the field. He then announced a highly criticized move to go to Baltimore. In 1996, the Ravens drafted future stars Jonathan Ogden, Ray Lewis, and Jermaine Lewis. Four years later, head coach Brian Billick led the Ravens to a 34-7 Super Bowl XXXV victory over the New York Giants. The next few years were filled with mediocrity. In 2004, Baltimore businessman Steve Bisciotti bought the team from Modell. The Ravens fired Billick in 2007 after a 5-11 season and replaced him with John Harbaugh, who got the Ravens to the playoffs through the next four years.



Buffalo Bills

The Buffalo Bills are an American football team in Buffalo, New York. They are members of the Eastern Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Bills started playing in 1960 as an original member of the American Football League and joined the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL merger.

The Bills won two American Football League titles in 1964 and 1965, but the team has not won a league championship since the merger. Buffalo is also the only team to win four consecutive AFC Championships (1990-93), though they did not win any of the four following Super Bowls.

Ralph Wilson, the longtime owner who had established the Bills in 1959, died on March 25, 2014. On September 9, 2014, Wilson's family announced that it had sold the team to Terry Pegula and his wife, Kim. The Pegulas also own the Buffalo Sabres of the NHL.

The Bills team name is based on the famous "wild west show" star known as Buffalo Bill. The American bison is the team symbol. This large mammal is commonly known in North America as the "buffalo", although it is only distantly related to other large mammals known as such.


Washington Commanders

The Washington Commanders are a professional American football team based in the Washington, D.C. area. The team plays at FedExField in Landover, Maryland. The team's head office and training area are at Redskin Park in Ashburn, Virginia. They are part of the Eastern Division of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL).

The team began in Boston in 1932. They were first named for the Boston Braves baseball team. They were soon renamed the "Redskins." They kept that nickname after moving to Washington in the late 1930s. Native Americans and others said this word was insulting to Native Americans. There were protests and legal challenges, but the team kept the name for many years. 

On June 18, 2014, the United States Patent Office decided that they were going to cancel the Redskins trademarks and called the name "disparaging to Native Americans."

In June 2020, 87 of the team's sponsors wrote a letter asking the team to change its name. PepsiCo, Nike, and FedEx were three of these sponsors. Together those three companies pay more than US$600 million to show their products and services next to the team. That summer, the team announced that there would be a review of the name. On July 13, 2020, the team officially retired the "Redskins" name, although they did not choose a new team name at that time. The team played the 2020 and 2021 seasons as the Washington Football Team.

The team hired John Wright to find a new name. He spoke to fans, former players, and some Native Americans. Fans liked the name "Red Wolves," but too many other teams already legally owned names and pictures that were like "Red Wolves." On February 2, 2022, Wright went on the Today Show. He said the new name would be "Washington Commanders" and showed everyone the new team uniforms.

Some Native American leaders, for example Fawn Sharp of the National Congress of American Indians, said the team also should have apologized for using the name for so long and making so much money with it. Others said it was a step in the right direction.


Super Princess Peach

Super Princess Peach (スーパープリンセスピーチ in Japanese) is a 2005 platform video game. It was developed by TOSE and published by Nintendo. In 2009, this game was re-released as a Nintendo Selects title. It was released for the Nintendo DS.

Unlike most "Mario" video games, Bowser has decided to kidnap Mario. The player takes control of Peach who must go out and save Mario.

Minnesota Vikings

The Minnesota Vikings are a professional American football team in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Vikings play in the National Football Conference of the National Football League (NFL). They are in the NFC North division. The Vikings have won their division 16 times, which is the third most among teams that are playing in the NFL now. They appeared in four Super Bowls during the 1970s, and lost all four of them. Their home field is the U.S. Bank Stadium

The team is called the Vikings because the state of Minnesota was settled by a great many people of Scandinavian ancestry. The historical Vikings originated in Scandinavia.


Reno, Nevada

Reno is a city in the American state of Nevada. It is the county seat of Washoe County. As of 2020, there were 264,165 people living in Reno. Charles Fuller built the first log cabin in 1859 and was named Lakes Crossing in 1861.

Wolong National Nature Reserve

Wolong National Nature Reserve is a national park in Sichuan Province, People's Republic of China. It was established in 1963. The reserve has an area of about 200,000 hectares. There are over 4,000 different species recorded in the reserve. Wolong National Nature Reserve houses more than 150 endangered giant pandas.

In June 1980, the China Research and Conservation Center for the Giant Panda was established. The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and the Chinese government cooperated to establish the center. Researchers have made trials on how to breed the giant pandas. They have successfully bred 66 panda cubs.

A mountain stream runs through the Wolong Valley (where the Reserve is); the stream is heavily armoured with boulders and smaller rounded stones. Stream waters are rather alkaline with pH levels in the range of 8.91. (Hogan, 2007) Water quality turbidity is quite high due to extensive sand and gravel mining in stream.

According to a 2001 research by Dr. Jianguo Liu of Michigan State University, the rate of destruction is higher after the reserve's creation than before its creation. Using NASA's satellite images and records of the number of people there, Liu's research team concluded that due to tourism and the increase in the number of people, the reserve is facing an unprecedented threat. "Tourists do not think they have an impact on panda habitat, but indirectly each visitor has some impact," Liu said. "We do not see ourselves as a destructive force, but we are."


Charles Spurgeon

Charles Haddon (C.H.) Spurgeon (19 June 1834 – 31 January 1892) was a English Baptist preacher. People still know him as the "Prince of Preachers". In his lifetime, Spurgeon preached to about 10 million people. Spurgeon would often preach 10 times a week at different places. His sermons have been translated into many languages. Today, there are more writings and books by Spurgeon than by any other Christian writer.

Spurgeon was the pastor of the Metropolitan Tabernacle in London for 38 years. Under the previous pastor, Dr John Rippon, it became the largest Baptist congregation in Great Britain. He was part of several controversies with the Baptist Union of Great Britain, and later had to leave that denomination. Throughout his life, Spurgeon suffered from depression and other mental illnesses. In 1857, he started a charity organisation called Spurgeon's which works all over the world.

Charles Spurgeon was born on 19 June 1834, in Kelvedon, in the English county of Essex. He was the eldest child of Eliza Jarvis and John Spurgeon. His mother Eliza was born in nearby Belchamp Otten on 3 May 1815. She was about 19-years-old when Spurgeon was born. His father John Spurgeon, born in Clare, Suffolk on 15 July 1810, was about 24-years-old. There were 17 children in Spurgeon's family, but nine of them died when they were babies.

When he was six, Spurgeon read The Pilgrim's Progress. He read that book over 100 times in his life. Spurgeon was also very good at mathematics. As a young boy, he would read the Scriptures at family worship. He memorised many hymns as a child, and would use many of them in his sermons later in life.

As an early teenager, he was very intelligent, but was also fearful and doubting. By the influence of his father and grandfather, Spurgeon was kept from most normal sins. As a child, he thought that he was a good person. But he later said that, "Day and night God's hand was heavy on me." He read the whole Bible, but he thought that it was threatening him, rather than promising him good things. As he got older, these things weighed on his conscience.

On 6 January 1850, when he was 15, a snow storm made him seek shelter in a Primitive Methodist chapel in Colchester. While he was there, a worker there said to him, "Young man, you look very miserable." Spurgeon knew this, and he believed now that only God could heal him. The worker, seeing his need, replied, "Young man, look to Jesus Christ! Look! Look! Look! You have nothin' to do but to look and live."

Within moments, he was converted to Christianity, or as he said: "God opened his heart to the Salvation message." He later said that, "I thought I could dance all the way home." On 3 May 1850, he was baptised in the River Lark, at Isleham. Later that year, his family moved to Cambridge.

He preached his first sermon in the winter of 1850–51. At that time, he was made the pastor of the Waterbeach Baptist Chapel in Cambridgeshire. His preaching was thought to be very good. In 1853, he authored his first written work: a Gospel tract.

In April 1854, aged 19 and after he had preached for three months, Spurgeon became the pastor of the New Park Street Chapel in London. At that time, it was the largest Baptist congregation in the city. Within months of Spurgeon being the pastor there, he became very famous. Even before he was 20, Spurgeon had preached over 600 times. His sermons were published every week, and many people read them. While he was at the New Park Street Chapel, Spurgeon became friends with James Hudson Taylor. Taylor was the man who started the China Inland Mission.

The way Spurgeon preached was not new, but it was easy to understand. When he would read and teach the Bible in his messages, many people would think about what Jesus had said. Because the church congregation became too large for their building, they had to move to Exeter Hall, then to Surrey Music Hall, and later to the Metropolitan Tabernacle. By the age of 22, he was a very popular preacher. He would preach to more than 10,000 people at a time. Even before the microphone was invented, he spoke to an audience of almost 24,000 at the Crystal Palace.

On 8 January 1856, Spurgeon got married to Susannah Spurgeon. By the age of 33, she had to stay home because of her disabilities. They had twin sons, Charles and Thomas, born 20 September 1856.

While he was preaching on 19 October 1856, there was a tragedy. A group of men yelled "Fire!" This made many people panic and run for the exits. It was later found out that seven people died after being trampled to death. Spurgeon was hurt emotionally by the actions of these men, and it had a large influence on his life. He had depression for many years. He later said that he cried for no reason, but still his ministry went on.

On 18 March 1861, the church moved to their newly built Metropolitan Tabernacle, at Elephant-and-Castle in London. The building could hold from five to six thousand people, and was like a modern-day "megachurch". Spurgeon read many books, up to six a week.

Spurgeon liked singing hymns and wrote several of them. He published a book of well-known hymns for use at his church. There was no pipe organ or other instruments in his church; the hymns were always sang unaccompanied. Spurgeon never called people to come forward after his sermons, which is a custom of many evangelical preachers, who like to talk to the people who have been moved in their faith by the preaching. Spurgeon would say that anyone could meet him on Monday to talk about Christ. There was always someone at his door the next day. He preached there until his death 31 years later.

When the missionary David Livingstone died in 1873, a copy of Spurgeon's sermon, "Accidents, Not Punishments", was found among his belongings. There was a comment at the top of the first page that read, "Very good, D.L." Livingstone carried the sermon with him when he travelled to Africa, but it was given back to Spurgeon. Spurgeon had given the message on Sunday, 8 September 1861, at the Metropolitan Tabernacle, in Newington, London. He had preached it because of two disasters that happened close to his house. On Sunday, 25 August 1861, there was a tragic accident between two trains in the Clayton Tunnel between London and Brighton. 23 people died from this crash and the crash also injured hundreds. About two weeks later, on Monday, 2 September another train wreck in North London that made 15 more people die.

Spurgeon gave his last sermon at the Metropolitan Tabernacle on 7 June 1891. During his pastorate, 14,692 were baptised and joined the Tabernacle. Spurgeon's wife was often too sick to leave their home to hear him preach.

Near the end of his life, he had poor health with rheumatism, gout, and Bright's disease. He died in Menton, in France, on 31 January 1892. Spurgeon's wife and sons lived longer than him. His body is buried in a tomb in West Norwood Cemetery, in London.

Around the end of Spurgeon's life, he was part of many conflicts in the Baptist Union of Great Britain (BUGB). Spurgeon later left the Baptist Union. Even after Spurgeon's death, there were such controversies there, such as the talk over whether or not the Baptist Union should be allowed to meet in the Metropolitan Tabernacle. Spurgeon's son, Thomas, who was the co-pastor of the Metropolitan Tabernacle with Archibald G. Brown, said that, "The Baptist Union almost killed my father." "Yes," replied someone at BUGB, "and your father almost killed the Baptist Union."

A controversy with Baptists started in 1887 when Spurgeon wrote what was later called the "Downgrade Controversy." It got that name when Spurgeon used word "Downgrade" when talking about how other Baptists looked at the Bible. Spurgeon meant that things such as Charles Darwin's theory of evolution were making the Baptist Union weak.

The "baptismal regeneration" controversy was started by a sermon in the Metropolitan Tabernacle on 5 June 1864. That was when Spurgeon spoke to Anglican Christian leaders who supported infant baptism. The sermon is 16 pages long, so it took around an hour for Spurgeon to preach it. Over 350,000 copies of this sermon were sold. However, Spurgeon did work with Anglicans, as well as people from other denominations all his life.

Stockwell Orphanage was an orphanage started by Spurgeon in London in 1867. It opened on 9 September 1869, and was originally for boys only. It began taking girls as well in 1879. The children were fed, clothed and taught at the orphanage. The money to pay for this mainly came from donations.

The orphanage was open until London was bombed in the Second World War. It later turned into Spurgeon's Child Care (and then into Spurgeon's). It is now mainly in England, but has international projects in Mexico, Africa and Eastern Europe.

Spurgeon's College is a theological institute in London. Spurgeon started it in 1857. Spurgeon's College is a member of the Baptist Union.

In 1906, William Jewell College in Liberty, Missouri paid £500 ($2500) for most of the Spurgeon library. The Spurgeon library had around 5,100 books in it at the time. In 2006, the whole library was sold to the Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary. Some of Spurgeon's sermon notes are at Samford University in Birmingham, Alabama.

His works have been translated into many languages. He also made many volumes of commentaries, sayings, and other types of literature.




George Müller

George Fredrick Müller (German: Georg Friedrich Müller) (September 27, 1805 – March 10, 1898), was an Christian evangelist and worker of orphanages in Bristol, England. He cared for about 10,000 orphans in his life. He was well known for giving an education to the children under his care, so much that sometimes he was accused of giving the poor more than they should be given.

Müller was born in Kroppenstedt, a village in the Kingdom of Prussia. His early life he was not very righteous. He was a thief, a liar and a gambler. At age 14, while his mother was dying, he was playing cards with friends and drinking.
His father wanted to give him a religious education that would give him a wealthy job as a clergyman in the church. While studying divinity at college, a fellow student invited him to a Christian house meeting. He was welcomed there, and he soon began reading the Bible. He also began talking much with the others at the meetings. He soon left his sinful life, and began wanting to be a missionary. He began preaching in churches nearby. He still met with the growing group of evangelical believers in his university. he had a pet monkey named curious George. 

In 1828, Müller almost started working with Jews in England. But when he got there, in 1829, he fell ill. When he got better, he promises he would obey the will of God. He soon left London. He believed that God would provide for his needs as he did his Christian work. He became the pastor of a chapel in Devon. Soon after, he married Miss Mary Groves. While he was the pastor of the church, he would not take a regular salary. He also stopped renting pews for the church. He said that would give too much money to the wealthy.

He moved to Bristol in 1832. In 1834, he founded the "Scripture Knowledge Institution for Home and Abroad". It had the goal of helping Christian schools and missionaries. And also it gave away the Bible. He did not get any money from the government. He only accepting personal gifts. But still they received, and gave away £1.5 million ($2,718,844 USD) by the time of his death. It was mainly used for supporting the orphanages he worked at. But also they giving away nearly two million Bibles and other religious texts.

Müller and his wife began working with orphans in 1836. They then kept thirty girls in their own home. Soon after that, they opened three more orphanages. That made the total of children they cared for about 130. In 1845, as they got bigger, Müller decided that they would build another building for around 300 children. In 1849, that home opened. By 1870, more than 2,000 children were being helped in their five homes.

To this point, Müller had never asked for financial support, and he did not go into debt. Even though their five homes cost over £100,000 to build. Many times, he would get free food donations only hours before it was time to eat. That helped his faith in God even more. Every morning after breakfast there was a time of Bible reading and prayer. Every child was given a Bible when they left the orphanage. The children had nice clothes. Müller even had a school inspector make sure things were done right.
In 1871, an article in The Times stated that since 1836, 23,000 children had been educated in the schools. Also it said that thousands had been educated in other places that they paid for. The article also said that since he started, 64,000 Bibles, 85,000 Testaments, and 29,000,000 religious books had been made, and given away. They also had to pay the support of 150 missionaries.

In 1872, after the death of his first wife in 1870, he got married to Susannah Grace Sanger. In 1875, at the age of 70, he began a 17-year period of missionary travel. He preached in the United States, India, Australia, Japan, China, and nearly forty other countries. He traveled over 200,000 miles, and that was before the airplane was invented. Because he knew several languages, he was able to preach in English, French, and German. His sermons were translated into over twelve other languages.

He told in his autobiography how he came to closely read the Bible, he came with "great astonishment" to find that it was able to "speak decidedly" to him. He was a founding member of the "Open Brethren" movement. In 1892, he went back to England. He later died on March 10, 1898.


Spectacled bear

The spectacled bear ("Tremarctos ornatus"), also known as the Andean bear is the last of the lineage of short-faced bears. Locally, it is also called "ukuku", "jukumari" or "ukumari". The other short-faced bears are now extinct. They lived during middle to late Pleistocene age.

The spectacled bear is a relatively small species of bear native to South America. It has black fur with a distinctive beige-coloured marking across its face and upper chest. Males are 33% larger than females. Males can weigh 130 – 200 kilograms (286 – 440 lb), and females 35 – 60 kilograms (77 – 132 lb). They are found in several areas of northern and western South America, including western Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, western Bolivia, northwestern Argentina, and eastern Panama. Spectacled bears are the only surviving types of bear native to South America, and the only surviving member of the subfamily Tremarctinae. Their survival has depended mostly on their ability to climb even the highest trees of the Andes.

Convergent evolution

Convergent evolution is a process in biology. It occurs when two species from different lines develop the same traits or features. This happens because they live in similar habitats, and have to develop solutions to the same kind of problems.

Similarity in traits can occur in two ways. Both species might have acquired the trait by descent from a common ancestor. In this case the structures are homologous. An example is the tetrapod limb, which has been inherited from early tetrapods in the late Devonian/early Carboniferous, about 360 million years ago. On the other hand, both might be independent adaptations to similar conditions in their habitat. In this case the structures are analogous. Convergent evolution leads to analogous features.



Examples of convergent evolution are extremely numerous: it is an important feature of evolution.

Parallelophyly is the special case where two or more lines with a close common ancestor acquire the same character independently. Cichlid fish in Lake Tanganyika in East Africa have developed the same feeding method in six different lines. Stalked eyes occur irregularly and independently in acalypteran flies. They have clearly inherited the genetic capacity for such eyes. This capacity is selected only in some lines.

Michelangelo Antonioni

Michelangelo Antonioni (, ; 29 September 1912 – 30 July 2007) was an Italian film director, screenwriter, editor, and painter. His best known movie is "Blowup", made in 1966. He died on the same day as Ingmar Bergman, another famous director. He was born in Ferrara and died in Rome.

Salvador de Madariaga

Salvador de Madariaga y Rojo (July 23, 1886 A Coruña, Spain - December 14, 1978 Locarno, Switzerland) was a Spanish diplomat, writer, historian and pacifist. He was the father of Nieves Mathews and professor/historian Dr. Isabel de Madariaga. He was the grandfather of Javier Solana.



Bislama

Bislama is one of the three national languages of Vanuatu. It is a new language, made during the last two or three hundred years by mixing English with some French and some local words. The way the words are put together is like people have talked in Vanuatu for a long time -- not like English or French words are put together.

Bislama is like this:

Between the 1870s and the 1880s, hundreds of thousands of Pacific islanders (many of them from the New Hebrides) were forced to work on plantations, mainly in the state of Queensland, Australia, and Fiji. A pidgin was formed out of the several languages spoken in these plantations. It combined English vocabulary with the grammar from the languages of the region. This early plantation pidgin was the origin of Bislama, Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea and Pijin from the Solomon Islands.

This creole started spreading throughout the Vanuatu archipelago at the turn of the 20th century. Because there are 113 languages spoken in Vanuatu, Bislama serves as a lingua franca for communication. 

The first dictionary of Bislama was published in 1995. Its second edition was published in 2004. This has helped to create a standardised and uniform spelling of written Bislama.

Besides Bislama, most ni-Vanuatu also know their local language. The country's official languages used for education are English and French.

Two frequent words in Bislama are "long" and "blong", which take the place of many prepositions in English.


"Long" has many other related meanings, and is sometimes used in improvisation.

Originally from the English word "belong", "blong" takes the place of 'of' or the genitive case in other languages. Just like "of" in English, it is one of the most widely used and versatile words in the language, and can indicate possession, country of origin, defining characteristics, intention, and others.



Tariq Ramadan

Tariq Said Ramadan (born 26 September 1962 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a Swiss Muslim academic and theologian. He thinks Islamic texts should be studied. He also thinks that Islamic society today is different from what it was when the Koran was written. He therefore says that Muslims living in Europe need to adapt and change Islam, so they can contribute its values to a European society.

This position is often referred to as Euroislam.

In November 2017, multiple women accused Ramadan of rape. On 31 January 2018, Ramadan was taken into custody by French police. After two days of questioning, he was formally charged with two counts of rape and ordered to remain in custody.

Unterschleißheim

Unterschleißheim (Central Bavarian: "Untaschleißheim") is a town in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Baierbrunn

Baierbrunn (Central Bavarian: "Baiabrunn") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Geert Wilders

Geert Wilders (born 6 September 1963) is a Dutch right-wing populist and nationalist politician, born in Venlo. He is a member of the Dutch Parliament. He joined the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy first, and in 2006 created and has become the leader for the Party for Freedom.

He began working as an assistant (helper) for Frits Bolkestein in 1990. In September 2004, he left People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD in Dutch, the language spoken in the Netherlands). After that he made his own party named Groep Wilders. Later he changed the name to Partij voor de Vrijheid (Party for Freedom or PVV).

Fitna is a short movie made by Wilders. It was released on the Internet on 27 March 2008. Wilders' goal was to show people what he thinks about Islamization, using this movie.


Cessna 182

The Cessna 182, marketed under the name Skylane, is a four-seat, single-engine, light airplane. It has the option of adding two child seats, installed in the baggage area.

Introduced in 1956, the 182 has been produced in a number of variants, including a version with retractable landing gear, and is the second most popular Cessna model, after the 172.

Asparagus

Asparagus is a large genus of flowering plants with over 300 different species. Some of the plants are grown as ornamental plants. One of these is the "asparagus fern", "Asparagus setaceus", which is not a real fern. The best known plant in this group is "Asparagus officinalis", which is grown as a vegetable, and is usually eaten in spring.

Asparagus was one of the plants which Carl von Linné showed in his work "Species Plantarum". "A. officinalis" is used as its type species.

Some species of asparagus are used in cooking. They are known to make urine smellier.


Armand David

Father Armand David (Espelette September 27, 1826 near Bayonne –November 10, 1900 in Paris) was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest as well as a zoologist and a botanist. He discovered many new species in China. The best-known of the animals he discovered are the Giant Panda and the Père David's Deer and the Dove tree, Davidia involucrata

Père David's deer

Père David's deer ("Elaphurus davidianus") is a species of deer. It is also known as Milu (麋鹿) in Chinese. In the past it went extinct in the wild and existed only in captivity. However, it has been reintroduced to the wild in some areas. It likes marshland, and is believed to be native to the subtropics. It eats a mixture of grass and water plants.

Adults weigh between and . They have a nine-month gestation period, and one or two fawns are born at a time. They reach maturity at about 14 months, and have been known to reach the age of 23 years.

Père David's deer has a long tail, wide hooves, and branched antlers. Adults have summer coats that are bright red with a dark dorsal stripe, and dark gray winter coats. The fawns are spotted.

This species of deer is native to China. By the late 19th century, the deer had become extinct in the wild. The only remaining herd belonged to the was Chinese emperor. He kept the deer in a royal hunting park in the southern part of Beijing. In 1895, a flood washed away part of the wall and some of the deer escaped. Most of these were then killed and eaten by the local population. This left fewer than 30 deer left in the park. Then in 1900, the park was occupied by German and Japanese soldiers during the Boxer Rebellion. These killed and ate the remaining deer. This left the deer nearly extinct in China. The last known deer in the wild in China was shot in 1939 near the Yellow Sea.

A few animals had been taken illegally to Europen countries to be put on show. In 1900, Herbrand Russell was determined to save the deer. He bought all that remained in captivity in Europe and brought them to Woburn Abbey, England. The deer survived through both World Wars due to the efforts of Russell and his son, Hastings. The current world population comes from this herd, and can be found in zoos around the world.

The deer began to be reintroduced in the wild in 1985, with a herd of 20 deer. These were placed in Nan Haizi Milu Park, Beijing, and Dafeng Reserve, Jiangsu Province, China. Other herds were added in 1986 and 1987. By 2005, the wild population had increased to about 2,000. 



Finite element method

The finite element method is a numerical method of solving systems of differential equations. They are used extensively in many fields of engineering because they require very little knowledge of mathematics beyond basic algebra to use. It belongs to the Methods of Weighted residuals. The problem is formulated such that some conditions are satisfied exactly, while others are satisfied only approximately or numerically (i.e., the "residual" being the difference between the exact solution and the approximate solution is weighted and minimized to get the best approximation).

While the ease of setting up a problem using finite elements and getting a solution is the reason for its popularity, it is also the cause of its frequent misuse and distrust of the answers obtained. Usually you have to check your results with an experiment before your model is acceptable for use. The use of finite elements in structural analysis is in particular poorly managed. Engineers typically begin working with FEM having very little knowledge of numerical methods or knowledge of finite element behavior. There are no standards and guidelines for modeling and few managers who understand well enough to regulate modeling. It has led to mistrust of the method, its arrested development, and some very bad analysis being performed that is copied by others. Much aircraft structural design is analyzed using FEM. 


Sipoo

Sipoo (, ) is a municipality in Uusimaa, Finland. Sipoo had over 19,000 residents in the end of 2014. Neighbouring municipalities are Helsinki, Vantaa, Kerava, Tuusula, Järvenpää, Porvoo, Pornainen and Mäntsälä. The area of Sipoo is . The tax level of Sipoo is 18.75%. The leader of the municipality is Mikael Grannas.

Broböle, Kalkkiranta, Söderkulla, Savijärvi and Västerskog.

Söderkulla is a local centre in the Southern Sipoo. There is an elementary school and many sports places as well as the haven there.

The centre of Sipoo is . There are several stores, bars and restaurants as well as many services in Nikkilä. There is one secondary school and many primary schools there. There are also a high school and a vocational school.

Nikkilä has two churces, an old one and a new one. The old church, Saint Sigfrid's church is a and was built in 1450-1454 although some of the parts have been added afterwards. The new red brick church was built in the year 1885 and designed by Theodore Decker.

Website (in Finnish)

Municipality of Sipoo - Official Website (in English)

Collar

In clothing, a collar is the part of a shirt, dress, coat or blouse that goes around or frames the neck. A "collar" may also be a separate or detachable item around the neck.

Frame

A frame is a flat container to hold something. It can also be an outer part of the structures.

Frame could also mean:



Parcel

Parcel can mean several things:

Land hemisphere

The land hemisphere is the hemisphere on the Earth with the highest possible area of land. It is centered on (near the city of Nantes, France). The other half of the Earth is the water hemisphere.

The land hemisphere has seven eighths of the land on the Earth. This would be four fifths of the land area if Antarctica were included in the land area of the World. Europe, Africa, North America, most of Asia and most of South America are in the land hemisphere. Europe is at the center of the land hemisphere. Because the area of the oceans of the land hemisphere is bigger than its land area, the land hemisphere means the hemisphere where most land is.

Water hemisphere

The water hemisphere is the hemisphere on the Earth with the highest area of water. It is centered on , near New Zealand. The other half of the Earth is the land hemisphere.

Not including Antartica, the water hemisphere has only one-eighth of the world's land. Australia, New Zealand, a small part of Southeast Asia and the southern part of South America are in the water hemisphere.

Antarctica is included in the hemisphere, and most of it is certainly land. If it were included in the total land area of Earth, the water hemisphere would have one-fifth of the world's land. Most of the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean are on the water hemisphere. The area of the oceans of the water hemisphere is much higher than its land area, but the area of the oceans of the land hemisphere is still higher than its land area.

Pasadena, California

Pasadena is a city in California. It is northeast of Los Angeles on Interstate 210 and the Metro Gold Line. As of 2020, it had a population of 138,699.

Every year, Pasadena has the Tournament of Roses Parade. The Rose Bowl Game is played after the parade.

Pasadena was settled by Tongva Indians and Mexican ranchers before California became a state. In the 1880s, it became a city (making it the oldest city in the area after Los Angeles). Pasadena was one of the hubs of the Pacific Electric Railroad. During the early 20th century, it was the eighth-largest city in California.

There are many historic buildings in Pasadena. They include the Gamble House, the Blacker House, and the historic homes in Bungalow Heaven. There are also several colleges, including the California Institute of Technology. Pasadena has an arts scene, with many famous people acting at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium or Pasadena Playhouse or putting paintings in the Norton Simon Museum.

Surprise

Surprise can mean many things:

Red fox

The red fox ("Vulpes vulpes") is a mammal of the order Carnivora. It is the biggest and most well-known species of fox. Red foxes are sometimes hunted for sport, or killed as pests or carriers of rabies.

Red foxes have long legs, pointed triangular black ears, a pointed snout, and a long bushy tail other red foxes The tail is also something of a food store.

Foxes also communicate with each other by urinating on trees or rocks, like dogs sometimes do. Its back, sides, and head are usually covered with reddish-brown fur, and its neck and chest are covered with white fur. The tail tip of a red fox is white. Its legs and paws are normally black.

Red foxes hunt alone. Red foxes are omnivores. They feed on mice, squirrels, birds, rabbits, hares, and other small animals. However, they will also eat fruit, vegetables, fish, frogs, lizards, eggs, insects, and worms. The red fox will continue to hunt even when it is full. It stores leftover food to eat later. When they are raised by humans domestically, they can also eat pet food. Red Foxes hunt mostly at night, sunset, and dawn.

When prey has been detected, the fox crouches low to the ground and moves towards it, while attempting to minimize any noise or visual warnings. During the approach, the fox´s eyes remain on its prey. A chase starts once the fox has been seen. the prey escaping through dense bushes, or in the fox disabling it by biting it in the legs.

Red foxes have a few natural predators. Their predators are wolves, coyotes, bears, cougars, and lynxes, while eagles, hawks, owls, and badgers are predators of red fox kits, although eagles can kill adult foxes. Humans are the worst enemies of foxes as humans kill foxes for their fur.

Red foxes usually mate in the winter. The vixen (female fox) normally gives birth to a litter of 2 to 12 pups. When red foxes are born, they are brown or gray. Although a new red coat usually grows in one month, some red foxes have other colored coats such as golden, reddish-brown, silver, or even black. The mother of the pups, after she weens them, feeds them at first by regurgitating food into their mouths.

Foxes generally do not sleep in dens unless they are females who are giving birth to or raising cubs. Female foxes seek out dens made by other animals, like rabbits or badgers, but will dig their own den if necessary. Foxes in the wild curl up in a ball out in the open to sleep, keeping warm by covering themselves with their bushy tails. Foxes who live in urban areas may sleep under structures such as sheds.

It is native to America, Asia, and Europe. They were later brought to Australia.
There are about 1.7 million foxes in Australia. Early settlers brought red foxes to Australia in the 19th century, because they wanted to hunt the foxes as a sport. In the next 100 years, foxes spread across Australia and became an invasive species. Red foxes kill hundreds of millions of animals in Australia every year, which strongly hurts the continent's biodiversity. Currently, there are efforts to reduce the fox population.

http://animals.mom.me/foxes-sleep-7359.html

http://mynarskiforest.purrsia.com/ev6rhunt.htm

http://www.onekind.org/be_inspired/animals_a_z/fox_red/ 

Royal Surrey Gardens

The Royal Surrey Gardens were gardens in Kennington, London, during the Victorian period. It was the site of Surrey Zoological Gardens and Surrey Music Hall.


Iron Man (movie)

Iron Man is an American science fiction superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man. It is the first movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). It was released in different countries on dates between April 30, 2008 and May 2, 2008. The movie follows a billionaire industrialist (Robert Downey Jr.) having a heart transplant. The movie was positively welcomed from both audience and film critics. It was the number one movie in the United States in the opening weekend.

Tony Stark is the CEO of Stark Industries, a company that makes weapons and bombs. He flies to Afghanistan to show off a new weapon called the "Jericho" missile to the United States Army. He and four other soldiers drive off in a Humvee, which is then attacked. One of the attack weapons was a bomb that Stark Industries had made. The soldiers are killed. Stark is badly injured by shrapnel from the bomb and is kidnapped.

Stark wakes up in a cave to find a man named Ho Yinsen standing over him. Yinsen tells Stark that he took out as much shrapnel as he could. He also installed wires connected to a car battery to stop the rest of the shrapnel from reaching his heart and killing him. Raza, the leader of the terrorists, orders Stark and Yinsen to build a Jericho missile for him. Stark builds an arc reactor that produces clean power. He uses it to replace the car battery that he has been carrying around.

Stark and Yinsen then build an armored suit for Stark to escape in. Because Raza demands that the missile be ready the next day, Stark decides they must escape soon. But his suit is not ready yet. So Yinsen picks up an assault rifle and starts shooting to give Stark more time. When the suit is ready, Stark defeats Raza and his men. Yinsen is badly injured and dies. Stark sets fire to the whole camp and lifts off using the armored suit. He crashes and the Army finds him and his friend, James Rhodes.

When he arrives home, Stark announces that he is closing the weapons division of Stark Industries. He then spends his time downstairs building a new armored suit and a new arc reactor more powerful than the last one. Stark tells his secretary, Pepper Potts, to destroy the old arc reactor, but she instead puts it in a glass box. On the first test of his second armor, Stark goes up into the atmosphere and the suit freezes up. He rebuilds it to work in cold conditions and paints it red.

At a party, he learns that Obadiah Stane, who is second-in-command at Stark Industries, and others are secretly selling weapons to Raza and his men. He tells Potts to go into Stane's office and find the shipping records so he can fly to the places and destroy the weapons. Stane finds out that Pepper Potts has the information.

So Stane builds a suit based on Stark's first suit, the Mark I, which Raza found in the desert and gave to him. He names his suit the Iron Monger. But his scientists cannot make an arc reactor to power it, so he goes to Stark's house to steal his. He paralyses Stark with a small device that Stark built, and takes the arc reactor out of his chest. Without the arc reactor, Stark cannot live long. He goes back to his workshop to find the original arc reactor. He breaks the glass box and puts the old arc reactor in his chest. Then he puts on the Mark III suit to fight Stane.

Potts and a group of government men go to Stark Industries to arrest Stane, but they find him in the Iron Monger suit. Stark and Stane fight. Stark has Potts blow up the large arc reactor at Stark Industries to kill Stane. In a few days, the photographs of the fight appear in newspapers. The press call Stark's armor "Iron Man". A government agency, S.H.I.E.L.D, tells him that he should say that he was on a boat during the events, so his role as Iron Man in the fight is kept secret. But during a press conference, Stark says that he is Iron Man.

After the movie credits, a man named Nick Fury tells Stark that he is not the only superhero around and that he would like to discuss the Avengers Initiative with him.


Because this movie did so well, Marvel made a sequel. It is called "Iron Man 2" and was released in April, May and June 2010. The different release dates were for different parts of the world. Iron Man also appears in other Marvel Cinematic Universe movies, like The Avengers.

A third movie, "Iron Man 3" was released on May 3, 2013.


Molar

Molars are special teeth found in mammals, and also the most complex sort of teeth. They are used for grinding food. 

Humans have 12 molars in total, in four groups of three at the back of the mouth. The molar which is the farthest back in each group is called a wisdom tooth. The wisdom teeth are the last teeth to appear, usually at around the age of eighteen. These final molars do not erupt in many people.

All molars and premolars have a structure for grinding food. They have elevated (~pointed) parts called cusps. These cusps are characteristics of the species in question, but in general they are found on the molars, and to a lesser extent on premolars.

Qinling Mountains

The Qinling Mountains (Traditional Chinese: 秦嶺, Simplified Chinese: 秦岭) are a major mountain range. Most of them are in the Eastern province of Shaanxi, in China. The mountains provide a natural boundary between the North and South of the country. They support a large variety of plants and wildlife, some of which is found nowhere else on Earth.

Love in This Club Part II

Love In This Club Part II is a 2008 R&B-pop song written by Amber Rives and Usher, and recorded by Usher for his album Here I Stand. The song features Beyoncé and Lil Wayne, and it is a remix of the original song, but the structure and lyrics of the song are completely different from the original: "Love in This Club", so the song's name was changed to "Love in This Club Part II".

Lower Silesian Voivodeship

Lower Silesian Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the south-west Poland and in west Silesia (called Lower Silesia). The capital city is Wrocław. 

The voivodeship was created on 1 January 1999 out of the former Wrocław, Legnica, Wałbrzych and Jelenia Góra Voivodeships.

Karkonosze National Park and Stołowe Mountains National Park are both in Lower Silesian Voivodeship.

Air France-KLM

Air France-KLM is a French airline company that made a megafusion in 2004 with the Dutch airline company, KLM. They are both worth US$20 billion together.


Oberschleißheim

Oberschleißheim (Central Bavarian: "Obaschleißheim") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. The Schleissheim Palace is in Oberschleißheim.

Gräfelfing

Gräfelfing (Central Bavarian: "Grefefing") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. 

Neuried, Bavaria

Neuried (Central Bavarian: "Neiriad ba Minga") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria in Germany.

Oberhaching

Oberhaching (Central Bavarian: "Obahaching") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Upper Bavaria

Upper Bavaria (, ; ) is one of seven government regions in Bavaria, Germany.

Rosenheim

Rosenheim (; ) is a city in Upper Bavaria, Germany. It does not belong to a rural district, but it is an urban district itself. The rivers Inn and Mangfall come together in Rosenheim.

Ansbach

Ansbach (; ; East Franconian: "Anschba") is a city in Middle Franconia, Germany.


Passau

Passau (; ) is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany. It is also called the Three River City because there are three rivers in the city.

Kempten

Kempten (Central Bavarian: "Kempten" "im" "Allgai", Swabian: "Kempte im Allgai") is a town in Swabia, Germany.

Landshut

Landshut (; ) is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany. there's also an song about Landshut "Landshut L.A"

Weiden in der Oberpfalz

Weiden in der Oberpfalz ( ]; official name: Weiden i.d.OPf.; Northern Bavarian: "Weidn in da Owapfalz" or "d Wein") is a city in the Upper Palatinate in Bavaria, Germany.

Straubing

Straubing (Bavarian: "Strauwing") is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany.

Memmingen

Memmingen (Swabian: "Memmenge") is a city in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the border to Baden-Württemberg.

Kaufbeuren

Kaufbeuren (Bavarian: "Kaufbeiren", Swabian: "Kaufbeire") is a city in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany.

USA Today

USA Today is a daily newspaper founded by Al Neuharth. It has the most readers of any daily newspaper in the United States. About 2.25 million copies are sold on a weekday. It comes second worldwide. "The Times of India" sells about 2.6 million copies on a weekday.

The paper was founded in 1982. It is more colorful than other national newspapers, like "The New York Times" or "Wall Street Journal". Its use of graphics makes its content rather like a tabloid.

The paper takes national polls before elections. It is connected, through its owners Gannet Company, to the TV show "USA Today". It also has a news website.

Cologne Cathedral

Cologne Cathedral (German: "Hohe Domkirche St. Petrus" or commonly "Kölner Dom") is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Cologne, Germany. It is the cathedral church for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cologne.

The cathedral has a height of 157.25 metres. This makes it the second-highest in Germany and the third-highest in the world. The cathedral in Ulm, the Ulm Minster at 161 metres is the highest in the world. The Basilica of Our Lady of Peace of Yamoussoukro is also higher, at 158 metres, but it only has the status of a minor basilica, it is not a cathedral.
The cathedral is also the third-biggest church, built in Gothic architecture. The Seville Cathedral in Seville, Spain, and the Milan Cathedral in Milan, Italy are bigger. 

The Cologne Cathedral was built in Gothic style from 15 August 1248. It was planned to make the cathedral like the one in Amiens. The choir was consecrated in 1322. The first bell could be hung in one of the towers shortly after 1410. Around 1510, the construction was stopped, because people had lost interest. The last payment for its construction was made in 1560.

For 300 years, Cologne had an unfinished cathedral. The cathedral was finished in 1880, still following the original plans.

The cathedral became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996. 

The cathedral is one of the most popular sights in Germany. In 2001, there were five million visitors, in 2004, there were six million visitors. Pope Benedict XVI visited the cathedral in 2005.

T.N.T. (album)

T.N.T. is the second studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, released in Australia December 1975.


Taxi (TV series)

Taxi is an American sitcom. It originally aired from 1978 to 1982 on ABC, and from 1982 to 1983 on NBC. The show is about the employees of a taxi company in Manhattan, New York City.

Amiens Cathedral

Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Amiens is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Amiens, France. It is most commonly called Amiens Cathedral. The cathedral was built between 1220 and 1270. 

Amiens Cathedral was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1981. It is known for the quality and quantity of early 13th-century Gothic sculpture. 

With the cathedrals of Chartres and Reims it is considered one of the classical French cathedrals of the Middle Ages.

Auburn University

Auburn University is a university in the U.S. state of Alabama. Auburn University is in the city of Auburn, Alabama. People can usually just say "Auburn" for short when they are talking about the University. There are about 24,000 students in school at Auburn.

Auburn opened February 1, 1856 but was named the East Alabama Male College. The university changed the name many times until 1960 when it was named Auburn University. Auburn is one of three large universities in Alabama. The University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa, Alabama has the same number of students and the University of Alabama at Birmingham in Birmingham, Alabama is the third largest. Auburn University has 12 colleges on campus, including agriculture, architecture, business, education, engineering, forestry, human sciences, liberal arts, nursing, pharmacy, mathematics, and medicine.

The Auburn University sports teams are named the Auburn Tigers and the mascot is a tiger named Aubie.

Baltimore Orioles

The Baltimore Orioles are a Major League Baseball team from Baltimore, Maryland. They compete in the American League's AL East division. They began play in the early 1900s as the St. Louis Browns, a rival to the St. Louis Cardinals. They moved to Baltimore in 1954 and became the Orioles.

The "Baltimore Oriole" is an orange-and-black bird which is often seen in Maryland. "Orioles" has been a traditional nickname for Baltimore baseball teams. There was a Baltimore Orioles (19th century) in the major leagues. There was also a minor league baseball team called the Orioles which played from the early 1900s until the Browns moved to Baltimore.

The Browns were not a very successful team. They only won one league championship, in 1944. The Orioles have won several league championships and also won the World Series in 1966, 1970 and 1983.

Arizona Diamondbacks

The Arizona Diamondbacks are a Major League Baseball team based in Phoenix, Arizona. They were started in 1998. They play their home games at Chase Field. In 2001, they beat the New York Yankees to win their first (and only, so far) World Series, becoming the fastest new team to do this.

The team is also called the "D-Backs". They are named for the Diamondback Rattlesnake.


Atlanta Braves

The Atlanta Braves are a Major League baseball team based in Atlanta, Georgia. The Braves currently play just outside the city limits in the Cobb County community of Cumberland at Truist Park, which opened as SunTrust Park in 2017 and was renamed in 2020. From 1991 to 2005, the Braves won their division every year except for 1994 when the season ended early due to a players' strike. They have won four World Series championships. Their first was in 1914 over the Philadelphia Athletics. They won their second championship in 1957 when they beat the New York Yankees in seven games. In 1995, the Braves defeated the Cleveland Indians. In 2021, they defeated the Houston Astros for their fourth title. One famous player that was on the Braves was Hank Aaron, who played for the team from 1954 to 1976.

The Braves are the oldest team in major league baseball. They began in 1871 in Boston, Massachusetts. They were originally called the "Boston Red Stockings". Later, they were known as the "Boston Beaneaters". In 1912, they were renamed as the "Boston Braves". They moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1953, where they were known as the "Milwaukee Braves". They moved to Atlanta in 1966.


Colorado Rockies

The Colorado Rockies are a Major League Baseball team in Denver, Colorado. They are named for the Rocky Mountains, which are often called "The Rockies". Denver itself is within the Rocky Mountains, a mile above sea level.

The team began play in 1993. In 1995, they moved into their current ballpark, Coors Field. They made the playoffs five times, each time as a wild card. In 2007, the Rockies played in the World Series for the first (and so far, only) time. They were swept by the Boston Red Sox.


Miami Marlins

The Miami Marlins are a Major League Baseball team in Miami, Florida. The team began play in 1993. They were called the Florida Marlins through the 2011 baseball season. In November 2011, after the end of the season, they were renamed the Miami Marlins.

The marlin is a large sport fish that lives in warm parts of the ocean. There was once a minor league baseball team called the Miami Marlins. The major league team was named the "Marlins" in honor of the minor league team.

The Marlins' first home was Sun Life Stadium. They opened a new stadium in 2012 called Marlins Park, which became LoanDepot Park in 2021.

The Marlins won two World Series in 1997 and 2003.


Houston Astros

The Houston Astros are the professional baseball team based in Houston, Texas. They compete in Major League Baseball (MLB). They began to play in 1962. They were originally called the "Houston Colt .45s" or the "Houston Colts". They changed their name to "Astros" in 1965. The Astros left the National League and joined the American League in 2013. They are the first team in a long time to do this. The Astros play their home games at Minute Maid Park in Houston.

With the move to the American League in 2013, the Astros are the first team in Major League Baseball to win the pennant for both leagues. The Astros are generally considered one of the most dominant teams in baseball over the recent years.

In 2005, the Astros played in the World Series for the first time, where they were swept by the Chicago White Sox. They returned to the World Series in 2017, and this time, they defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers in seven games to capture their first World Series title in the wake of Hurricane Harvey. They returned to the World Series in 2019 and 2021, but lost to Washington Nationals and the Atlanta Braves, respectively. In 2022, the Astros returned to the World Series again and defeated the Philadelphia Phillies in six games to capture their second championship title in franchise history.


Dizzy Gillespie

John Birks "Dizzy" Gillespie (October 21, 1917 – January 6, 1993) was an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, singer and composer.

As an instrumentalist, bandleader, singer, and composer, Gillespie was the youngest of nine children. His father was a local bandleader, so instruments were made available to him at an early age. He started to play the piano at the age of 9. 

Nicknamed Dizzy because of how he acts during performances, Gillespie set new standards for trumpet players with his innovative rhythmic and harmonic explorations. This definitive change moved American jazz from swing to 'bebop'. Together with Charlie Parker, he was a major figure in the development of modern jazz.

Gillespie died on January 6, 1993 at age 75 from pancreatic cancer. At the time of his death Gillespie had two funerals. One was a Bahá´í funeral at his request, at which his closest friends and colleagues attended. The second was at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York City open to the public where everyone can attend.


Ganz Midwest-CBK

Ganz is a Canadian company best known for distributing plush animals and collectables. The headquarters of the company are north of Toronto in Woodbridge, Ontario. The company has many subsidiaries and offices. It is the manufacturer of "Webkinz", the toy with an Internet site.

Ganz was founded in Toronto in 1950 by Holocaust survivors Samuel Ganz and his sons Jack and Sam. Then it was called "Ganz Bros. Toys Limited". It is now run by the founder's grandson, Hoard Ganz.

John Dowland

John Dowland (born 1563; buried 20 February 1626) was an English composer and lutenist. He is best known for some beautiful songs which express his unhappiness such as "Come, heavy sleep", "Come Again, Sweet Love" and "Flow my tears". His instrumental music became very popular again in the 20th century.

We hardly know anything about Dowland's early life. He was probably born in London. He went to Paris in 1580 where he worked for the ambassador to the French court. He became a Roman Catholic at this time.

In 1594 the job of royal lutenist to Queen Elizabeth I became available. Dowland did not get the job. He said later that it was because he was a Catholic, but there were other Catholic musicians at the English court, so that may not have been the real reason. 

Dowland continued to work in Europe instead. He worked for the Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg in Wolfenbüttel. He went to Italy where he wanted to study with Luca Marenzio in Rome. He went to Venice and Florence but never got as far as Rome. He published a book of lute music in 1597 which made him the most important English composer for the lute. However, he still did not get a job at the English court so he went to Denmark where he worked for King Christian IV of Denmark who paid him very well.

Dowland seems to have been married and he had children, although we do not know how many. His wife and family always stayed in England.

Dowland returned to England in 1606 and in 1612 got the job as one of James I's lutenists. Strangely, he does not seem to have composed anything between that time and his death in London in 1626. We do not know the date he died, but we do know the date when he was buried.

Most of Dowland's music is for his own instrument, the lute. It includes several books of music for solo lute, songs for one voice and lute, part-songs with lute accompaniment, and several pieces for viol consort with lute. 

Many of his best-known songs are full of sadness. One lute song is called "Flow My Tears". A very well-known instrumental work is "Lachrimae" (the Latin word for "tears"), a set of seven songs for five viols and lute, each based on the tune of his song "Flow My Tears." It became one of the best known pieces of consort music in his own time. His pavane "Lachrymae antiquae" was also one of the big hits of the seventeenth century.

Dowland's music often shows the melancholia that was so fashionable in music at that time. He wrote a consort piece called "Semper Dowland, semper dolens" (always Dowland, always unhappy).

Many later musicians have been inspired by Dowland's music, including Benjamin Britten and the pop musician Sting.


Partsong

A partsong is a piece of music to be sung by two or more voices without accompaniment. Many partsongs are written for four voices: normally soprano, alto, tenor and bass. Such a partsong can be performed just by four people, but it can also be performed by a larger group (a choir) which has divided into these four parts.

The term "partsong" can refer to music such as a glee, madrigal or unaccompanied anthem, but it is usually used in English when talking about short, secular (non-religious) songs without accompaniment. In other languages there is no word which means quite the same thing.

Partsongs were very popular in the 17th century in England. They were often fun pieces to be sung at parties or in pubs. They were often rounds, catches or quodlibets. In the 19th century the madrigal came into fashion again and so many composers started writing partsongs. Composers such as Sterndale Bennett, Arthur Sullivan, Parry, Charles Villiers Stanford and Edward Elgar wrote many partsongs, and later Finzi, John Ireland and Moeran.

In Europe many 19th century and early 20th century composers wrote songs which could be described as partsongs: Schubert, Schumann, Mendelssohn, Saint-Saëns, Debussy and Ravel.


Nin Cathedral

Nin Catheral is a cathedral in Nin, Croatia. It is probably the smallest cathedral ever built. It was built around 800, and probably was the seat of the local bishop at the time.

The small cathedral was built on the area of a former Roman basilica, destroyed during the barbarian invasions of Dalmatia in the VI century.
It measures by by inside. 

Neume

A Neume is a way to write music. Neumes were mainly in the Middle Ages before the modern system of musical notation was developed. Sometimes they are also called neum in English. Neumes are different from modern notation:

Today, neumes are still used for some chants in Christian Churches, especially Catholic and Eastern Orthodox ones

Masovian Voivodeship

Masovian Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the east-central part of Poland. It is mostly in the historical land of Masovia. The capital of the Voivodeship is Warsaw.

The province was created on January 1, 1999. Kampinos National Park is in the province.

Steelyard

The Steelyard was a place in London for trading. It was commonly used by the Hanseatic League in the Middle Ages. Many of the buildings were damaged during the Great Fire of London in 1666.

It is on the North bank of the River Thames and is now used as a railway station. 

Hazard symbol

Hazard symbols are special symbols. They were made to warn people about dangers. Usually they are pictograms. Pictograms are small drawings that show what is happening (or what is going to happen, or what should happen) in a way that is easy to understand.

The European Union has made a few symbols that warn of dangers and that should be easy to understand. These are the hazard symbols for chemicals:

The 'n' in Harmful (Xn) stands for the French word "nocif" (harmful) and the Italian word "nocivo" (noxious).

Pictogram

A pictograph (sometimes also called pictogramme or pictogram) is a small drawing. Today, pictograms are used very often. Because they are independent of the language, they are often used where there are people who need to understand things, even if they do not read or speak the language. Pictograms are also often used where it is important to understand something fast. Sight is faster than reading. That way, pictograms are often used for signalling in emergency situations, such as showing emergency exits.

Common uses include those for road signs, airports, and train station, and warning signs. 

Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship is one of the 16 voivodeships of Poland. The name of the voivodeship came from local mountains called Świętokrzyskie Mountains. The capital city is Kielce.

Commensalism

Commensalism is a type of relationship between two organisms. In commensalism, one organism is helped while the other is not affected. In practice, it is difficult to show that the passive organism is not harmed. For example, some birds live in holes in trees. Does this damage the tree? Mites, which cannot fly, often hitch a ride on insects. Does this affect the
insect's fitness? There is no definite answer to such questions. 

Orchids, mosses, and lichens all grow on tropical trees. They need sunlight, and by being higher up they get to the sunlight. All that can be said for sure is that the trees continue to live and reproduce, and so it is assumed that these epiphytes do not affect their host plant.

Pierre-Joseph van Beneden (18091894) introduced the term into evolutionary biology and ecology in the 1870s.

Amensalism is a symbiotic relationship in which one organism is harmed or inhibited and the other is unaffected. Examples of amensalism include the shading out of one plant by a taller and wider one and the inhibition of one plant by the secretions of another (known as allelopathy). 


820s

The 820s was a decade that began on 1 January 820 and ended on 31 December 829.


Lindane

Lindane is an insecticide. It can be used to kill insects. The European Union allows its use as an insecticide since 2008. This is because it takes a very long time to decay. Checks are now getting done to see how bad to humans it really is. It can cause diseases such as Cancer or Parkinson's disease. 

The World Health Organization classifies Lindane as "Moderately Hazardous". International trade with it is restricted and regulated under the Rotterdam Convention on Prior Informed Consent. Over 50 countries have banned it. It might be included in Stockholm Convention on persistent organic pollutants. This would make it illegal to produce or use it all over the world.

Fumaric acid

Fumaric acid is a chemical substance that occurs in various plants. It also occurs as a by-product at various times in the human body. In chemistry it is used for food preservation. It is known as E 297. Usually it replaces citric acid. In medicine, it is used to treat various diseases of the skin, such as Psoriasis. 

Albert Szent-Györgyi was awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1937 because of his work on Fumaric acid.

Tinia

Tinia (also spelled Tin, Tinh, Tins or Tina) was the supreme deity in Etruscan mythology. He was the god of the sky and lightning, equivalent to the Roman Jupiter and the Greek Zeus. He was the husband of Thalna or Uni and the father of the hero Hercle. The element tin was named after Tinia.


Endospore

An endospore is a structure made by bacteria for survival purposes. Bacteria turn to endosporea when they undergo stress, such as an increase in heat or lack of nutrients. This process is known as sporulation. Endospores are small, rounded, resting cells that form inside bacteria when conditions become unbearable. They have a tough coating which makes it resistant to radiation (like X-rays and UV light), chemicals, heat, salt concentration and extreme pH. Endospores have calcium dipicolinate in them, which keeps the DNA stable. It is not fully understood what causes it to be so resistant.

A bacterial cell will make an endospore when it is low on food so it can survive until there is more food available in the environment. An endospore will actually contain all of the important parts of the bacterial cell, such as its DNA. Only two genera of bacteria can undergo sporulation to form endospores. They are the "Bacillus" and "Clostridium" species. Bacteria that can form endospores but are not in the endospore state are known to be in their vegetative state.

Endospores are highly dangerous bio-terrorist weapons. This is because they are smaller than the vegetative state. A bacterium, in itself, is already smaller than a eukaryotic cell. Therefore, considering the small size of endospore, a small volume of it can already contain a large quantity of it. Endospores are hard to eradicate.

The bacteria cell does fission and conjugation. Fission is a form of reproduction. Conjugation is not considered reproduction.

WonderSwan Color

The WonderSwan Color is a handheld video game system. It was made by Bandai in 2000. It was a little bigger than the old WonderSwan.

The an Color came in 5 basic colors: Pearl Blue, Crystal Pink, Crystal Black, Crystal Blue, and Crystal Orange.

Gel electrophoresis

Gel electrophoresis is a technique used to separate mixtures like DNA and proteins. The separation is based on how positively or how negatively charged a molecule is, and its size. Gel electrophoresis uses a gel (like gelatin) and an electric field is put through the gel. 

The word electrophoresis comes from –electro, because an electric field is used, and –phoresis, which means movement.

The gel is made up of large and branched molecules called polymers. The amount of branches in the gel determines how easily molecules can squeeze through, depending on their size. 

If there are a lot of branches, small molecules will be able to move through easily while big molecules will move through slowly or not at all. If there are few branches, both big and small molecules can move through more easily.

If a large molecule has a big charge, its attraction to the opposite charge is also large. But, since the molecule is large, it will have a difficult time moving through the thick gel. In gel electrophoresis, large molecules are going to move slower. 

A small charged molecule will move through the gel more easily. Shorter molecules move faster and move further than longer ones because shorter molecules get through the pores of the gel more easily. This phenomenon is called "sieving".

If the molecule does not have any charge, it will not move.

After the gel has been run by applying the electric field, you can look to see where the molecules have moved to. To do this, different stains can be applied to the gel: this allows the molecules to be seen. The stain makes the places where the molecules moved to appear as colored bands. Stains that are used to look at proteins, such as Coomassie blue, can often been seen by the human eye under normal light. Stains that are used to look at DNA, such as ethidium bromide and GelGreen, can only be seen with the help of an ultraviolet lamp.

Gel electrophoresis is the most commonly used technique to study DNA. DNA is a very large molecule that contains genetic information. DNA can be broken down to smaller pieces of different sizes and these pieces are then separated using gel electrophoresis. DNA always has a negative charge, and moves towards the anode.

Proteins are large and complex molecules made of amino acids. Proteins can be studied by gel electrophoresis in two ways. One way is to take a mixture of proteins and separate them in the gel. The other way is to break down a single protein into smaller pieces. The smaller pieces can then be separated in the gel. Proteins can be positively or negatively charged. To separate proteins by size only, protein mixtures can be coated with a chemical called sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) to give all proteins a negative charge before putting the mixture into the gel.

In medicine, there is a special type of electrophoresis called iontophoresis. Iontophoresis uses the same idea of gel electrophoresis to deliver drugs into the human body through the skin without using needles to inject the drug.

Heinrich Schliemann

Heinrich Schliemann (January 6, 1822, in Neubukowin, Germany - December 26, 1890, in Naples) was a German archaeologist. He is famous for his work in discovering the ancient city of Troy.

Heinrich Schliemann was born in Neubukowin, Germany. His father, Ernst Schliemann, was a minister. His mother, Luise Therese Sophie Schliemann, died in 1831 when Heinrich was 9 years old. When his mother died, Heinrich lived with his uncle in Neustrelitz. He went to a grammar school in the town for about a year. His father paid the school fees. Heinrich was very interested in history and was encouraged by his father to read history books. After he left school, he worked in a shop in Fürstenberg for about five years. He worked hard as an apprentice, but he continued to read in his spare time.

He was not able to work as an archaeologist at this time, so he moved to a company which imported and exported products. In this job, he visited many different countries around the world, and learnt to speak English, French, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Swedish, Italian, Greek, Latin, Russian, Arabic, and Turkish. His ability to speak languages was very important in his job. He later studied Latin and Ancient Greek in Paris.

In 1850, Heinrich's brother, Ludwig Schliemann, died, having got rich in the California Gold Rush. He moved to Sacramento, where he opened a bank, just like his brother. The new bank bought gold dust and sold it on to make money. In six months, the bank bought and sold millions of dollars' worth of gold dust.

Heinrich married his wife, Ekaterina, in 1852, but the marriage was troubled. Ekaterina kept encouraging her husband to make more money, but Heinrich felt that they were rich enough.

Nobody knows how Heinrich became an archaeologist, but he continued to travel to see famous historical icons around the world. He even disguised himself to get into Mecca, the holy Muslim city. He became very interested in Troy, which was involved in a big dispute at the time. He was inspired by many people in the city, especially Ferdinand Fouqué and Frank Calvert, who he met in 1868.

Many reports have said Heinrich buried a 'treasure' he found in Troy, dubbed Priam's gold.

Cyclone Nargis

Cyclone Nargis was a tropical cyclone. It was the first in the Indian Ocean in 2008. It was a Category 4 storm. It made landfall (went on land) in Myanmar (Burma) in April and May 2008. It was possibly one of the worst storms to have hit the country.

The United Nations estimated in its report that 1.5 million people were severely affected by this cyclone. Officially at least 78,000 were killed with 58,000 missing. After the disaster, the Burmese government called for help in dealing with the situation. Some people said the government had problems coping with the situation.

More recent reports from the government say that about 80,000 have died. Some non-governmental organizations estimate that the final number will be well over 100,000. Aid workers that came into the country estimate that 2 to 3 million are homeless, in the worst disaster in Burma’s history. They say it is comparable with the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. Andrew Kirkwood, country director of a British charity organisation said: ""We're looking at 50,000 dead and millions of homeless. I'd characterise it as unprecedented in the history of Burma. [It has had about the same effect as] the tsunami on individual countries. There might well be more dead than the tsunami caused in Sri Lanka."" The United Nations said that up to 2.5 million people needed help urgently. The Red Cross said there could be up to 128,000 dead.

The storm caused the government to declare five regions as disaster areas. - Yangon, Ayeyarwady, Bago Divisions, Mon and Kayin States. Thousands of buildings were destroyed; in the town of Labutta, located in the Ayeyarwady Division, state television reported that 75% of buildings had collapsed, and 20% had their roofs ripped off. It is believed that the cyclone is the deadliest tropical cyclone in the world since Hurricane Mitch in 1998, which killed about 18,000 people. At least 10,000 people have been reported to have died in the delta town of Bogale.

A diplomat in the city of Yangon spoke to the Reuters news agency. He said that the area around him looked like a 'war zone' as a result of the cyclone. Burst sewage mains caused the landscape to flood with waste, ruining the rice crop. An official from the United Nations also talked about the situation, at the time of the event. "It's a bad situation. Almost all the houses are smashed. People are in a terrible situation," he said. Another UN representative reported that "The Irrawaddy delta was hit extremely hard not only because of the wind and rain but because of the storm surge." The "Daily Telegraph", a UK newspaper, reported that food prices in Myanmar could be affected by this disaster.

On 6 May 2008, the Burma government representation in New York formally asked the United Nations for help. But in other ways, it remains resistant to the most basic assistance. As of 7 May 2008, the government of Burma has not officially endorsed international assistance, but stated that they are, "willing to accept international assistance, preferably bilateral, government to government." The biggest challenge at present was obtaining visas for entry into the country.

According to Thai Rath Newspaper of Thailand on 8 May 2008, in the afternoon (Bangkok time) of 7 May 2008, the Burmese junta permitted Italian flights containing relief supplies from the United Nations, and twenty-five tonnes of consumable goods, to land in Myanmar. However, many nations and organizations hoped to deliver assistance and relief to Burma without delay. Most of their officials, supplies and stores were waiting in Thailand and at the Yangon airport, as the Burmese junta did not want to issue visas for many of those people. These political tensions raise the concern that some food and medical supplies might become unusable, even before the Burmese junta officially accepts the international relief effort.

It happened on 2 May 2008. The storm was estimated to be category 4 (105 mph) Cyclone Nargis Caused destruction and at least 138,000 fatalities. There were around 55,000 people missing and lots of other deaths were found in other places. In Sri Lanka the cyclone produced masses of rainfall which led to flooding and landslides across ten districts across the country. The districts Ratnapura and Kegalle were the most affected, where more than 3,000 families were dead. Thousands of houses were flooded, with 21 reported destroyed. The rainfall left 4,500 people homeless, and more than 35,000 people were affected on the island. Three people were reported injured on the island, with two others dead. The power of the cyclone lowered temperatures along the Indian coastline. Estimates of the people still missing were 53,836, with 84,537 confirmed dead. Thousands more people were still missing or washed out at sea and drowned, it was feared up to 1 million people might have died in this disaster. Thailand sent US $100,000 in supplies, thirty tones of medical supplies and twelve tones of food supplies. As well as this, Italy provided 30 tons of emergency relief equipment, like stretchers, generators, and water purifiers. The United Kingdom committed ₤17 million. Australia gave $25 million and 31 tonnes of supplies, whilst Belgium sent €250,000. China sent $10 million in relief resources. France gave 1,500 tons of medicine, food, and water, and Germany sent $3.0 million. All to help the people who had been affected.


Toilet paper

Toilet paper is soft paper, used to wipe urine or feces after using the toilet. It is usually sold in white rolls, made up of square sheets. Modern toilet paper is very absorbent (and also very thin) and is designed to break up in the sewage system. The paper is often available in different textures and colours. One square sheet of toilet paper is called a "ply". 4-ply toilet paper has a thickness of 4 square sheets of toilet paper.
There was a shortage in 2020 because of the covid 19 virus, its shortage was also caused by people rushing to buy toilet paper.

In former times people had no toilet paper and used other things. The Greeks, for example, used stones or human hair, Germans used leaves and straw. Some people used maize leaves. Some used sand instead of toilet paper.
In the Middle Ages people used moss and the rich ones preferred sheep wool. In the 6th century AD, people in China were the first to use paper for hygiene, but at the time it wasn't specially designed to clean feces. The first toilet paper was produced in China in the 14th century. In 1857 Joseph Gayetty produced toilet paper in cartons in the USA. The first rolls of toilet paper were produced in 1890 in Great Britain. In many parts of the world, newspaper is used instead of toilet paper.

Fox Interactive

Fox Interactive was a video game publisher and developer that made games based on 20th Century Fox works, such as "The Simpsons". The company was founded in December 1994. It went out of business in 2006.

Sauropod

Sauropoda are an infraorder of saurischian ("lizard-hipped") dinosaurs. They had very long necks, long tails, small heads (in comparison to the rest of their body), and thick, pillar-like legs and peg-like teeth.

They are notable for the enormous size of some species. The group includes the largest animals ever to have lived on land. Well-known genera include "Brachiosaurus", "Diplodocus", "Apatosaurus" and "Brontosaurus". 

Sauropods first appeared in the Upper Triassic period. Their probable ancestral group was the Prosauropoda.

By the Upper Jurassic (150 million years ago), sauropods had become widespread (especially the diplodocids and brachiosaurids). 

By the Upper Cretaceous, the diplodocids and brachiosaurs been replaced by the titanosaurs, which had a near-global distribution. They were larger relatives of the brachiosaurs. As with all other non-avian dinosaurs, the titanosaurs died out in the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. Fossilised remains of sauropods have been found on every continent, including Antarctica. 

The name Sauropoda was coined by O.C. Marsh in 1878. Sauropods are one of the most recognizable groups of dinosaurs, and have become a fixture in popular culture due to their large sizes. Complete sauropod fossil finds are rare. Many species, especially the largest, are known only from isolated and disarticulated bones. Many near-complete specimens lack heads, tail tips and limbs.

Most studies in the 19th and early 20th centuries suggested that sauropods were too large to have supported their weight on land, and therefore that they must have been mainly aquatic. Most life restorations of sauropods in art through the first three quarters of the 20th century depicted them fully or partially immersed in water. 

This early notion was doubted by Kermack (1951). He showed that, if the animal were submerged in several metres of water, the pressure would be enough to fatally collapse the lungs and airway. However, this and other early studies of sauropod ecology had a flaw. They ignored evidence that the bodies of sauropods had many air sacs. In 1878, paleontologist E.D. Cope had even referred to these structures as "floats".

Beginning in the 1970s, the effects of sauropod air sacs on their lifestyle began to be explored. Evidence from sedimentology and biotechnology showed that sauropods were primarily terrestrial animals. In 2004 D.M. Henderson noted that, with their extensive system of air sacs, sauropods could not submerge their bodies completely below the surface of the water. in other words, they would float. So they would not have been in danger of lung collapse due to water pressure when swimming.

Evidence for swimming in sauropods comes from fossil trackways that have occasionally been found to preserve only the forefeet (manus) impressions. Henderson showed that such trackways can be explained by sauropods with long forelimbs floating in shallow water, deep enough to keep the shorter hind legs free of the bottom, and using the front limbs to punt forward. However, floating sauropods would have been very unstable and poorly adapted for long periods in the water.

There definitely is evidence that they preferred wet and coastal habitats. Sauropod footprints are commonly found following coastlines or crossing floodplains. Sauropod fossils are often found in wet environments or mixed with fossils of sea animals. A good example of this is be the massive Jurassic sauropod trackways in lagoon deposits on Scotland's Isle of Skye.

With much evidence, sauropods lived in groups, often large groups. They lived as a group, laid their eggs in the same places year after year, and were followed by bipedal theropods who preyed on them. Their breeding grounds had many thousands of eggs, and were laid at a particular time of the year. The cycle was repeated year after year. This suggests a seasonality in their behaviour, and also that their group behaviour was part of their defence against predators ("safety in numbers"). The evidence for all this is now overwhelming.

Evidence shows that some other groups of herbivores also had group behaviour, moved from place to place, and laid their eggs in the same or similar places each year. This group behaviour of dinosaurs is also a feature in most birds today.

There is a long-running debate about sauropod necks. How flexible were they, how high or low was the neck in life: these are some of the issues. Many displays in museums are faulty. A review of the issues is available in free text.

Here's another view: "Sauropods held their necks erect".

Blockade

A blockade is a physical blockage of a port or other place. Usually used of enemy ships surrounding a port.

By extension, a blockade is any effort to make sure that supplies, troops, information or aid do not reach an opposing force. Blockades are used in nearly all military campaigns and the tool of choice for economic warfare on an opposing nation. The International Criminal Court planned to include blockades against coasts and ports in its list of acts of war in 2009.

Historical blockades include:


Bursa, Turkey

Bursa is a city in northwestern Turkey and the seat of Bursa Province. The population of city is about 2 million. It has a mixed humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification: "Cfa") and a hot-summer Mediterranean climate (Köppen climate classification: "Csa"). Bursa is the fourth largest city, and also one of the most industrialized cities in the country. Sometimes the city is called "Yeşil Bursa" which means "Green Bursa" because of the large parks, forests and gardens in the urban area of the city. Bursa is home of Uludağ University. Uludağ is an important ski resort in Turkey and is a national park to protect the nature in the mountainous area.

2008 United States presidential election

The 2008 United States presidential election happened on November 4, 2008. Barack Obama, the Democratic candidate and junior U.S. Senator from Illinois, won the election. He defeated John McCain, the Republican candidate, who was the senior U.S. Senator from Arizona. Obama's victory in this election made him the first African-American president.

Incumbent Republican President George W. Bush was not eligible to serve a third term by law. McCain secured the Republican nomination by March 2008, defeating former governors Mitt Romney, Mike Huckabee, and other challengers. Obama secured the Democratic nomination in June 2008, after facing strong competition against former First Lady and Senator from New York Hillary Clinton. Clinton's victory in the New Hampshire primary made her the first woman to win a major party's presidential primary.

Obama won a decisive victory over McCain. He won states that had not voted for the Democratic presidential candidate since 1964 (Indiana and Virginia) and 1976 (North Carolina). Obama won nine states that had voted Republican in 2004: Colorado, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, and Virginia, as well as Nebraska's 2nd congressional district. He received the largest share of the popular vote won by a Democrat since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and was the first Democrat to win an outright majority of the popular vote since Jimmy Carter in 1976. Obama won 69.5 million votes, the most ever won by a presidential candidate; this total would be surpassed in 2020 by both Joe Biden and Donald Trump.

 of the United States Constitution provides that for a person to be elected and serve as President of the United States, the individual must be a natural-born citizen of the United States, at least 35 years old, and a resident of the United States for a period of no less than 14 years.

Candidates for the presidency typically seek the nomination of one of the various political parties of the United States, in which case each party devises a method (such as a primary election) to choose the candidate the party deems best suited to run for the position. The party's delegates then officially nominate a candidate to run on the party's behalf.

President George W. Bush was unable to seek re-election for a third term because of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution, which states that a president may only serve up to two terms. His term as president ended at noon eastern standard time on January 20, 2009.

The candidates running for the nomination of the Democratic Party were Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, John Edwards, Joe Biden, Dennis Kucinich, Mike Gravel, Chris Dodd, and Bill Richardson.

The main contest during the Democratic primaries was between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, which was a very close race. Clinton won the popular vote, but ultimately Obama won more unpledged delegates and therefore the nomination.

All candidates except Mike Gravel, who switched to the Libertarian Party during the election, supported Barack Obama.

Barack Obama chose Joe Biden as the vice-presidential candidate on August 23, 2008.


The candidates running for the nomination of the Republican Party were John McCain, Mitt Romney, Mike Huckabee, Ron Paul, Rudy Giuliani, Fred Thompson, Tom Tancredo, Alan Keyes, Jim Gilmore, Sam Brownback, and Duncan Hunter.

Republican President George W. Bush was unable to run for re-election since a president is only able to be elected twice. Vice president Dick Cheney chose not to run.

Most of the candidates withdrew early. As a result, John McCain, Mike Huckabee, and Mitt Romney emerged as the three people most likely to win the nomination. Ron Paul became popular among libertarians.

John McCain was nominated by the Republican Party (by a decisive victory).

He chose Sarah Palin as the vice-presidential candidate.


The biggest issue during the campaign was the bad economy. Other issues included health care, the Iraq War, the war on terrorism, and energy independence.

The president during the election, George W. Bush (who eventually supported John McCain), was very unpopular due to the 2007-09 Great Recession, and because of that, the Obama campaign compared McCain to Bush several times.

There were four television debates during the campaign: three of them were between the two presidential candidates, and one of them was between the two vice-presidential candidates.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>NE-02 is Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Nebraska cast 4 ECVs for McCain and 1 for Obama.



2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries

The Democratic Party presidential primaries of 2008 was an American political event. In various states, various Democratic candidates asked people and delegates to vote for them in primaries and caucuses. Candidates won delegates based on a percentage of votes (in primaries). There were 4,233 delegates. A candidate would have to get 2,110 delegates to win the nomination. The two front-runners of the campaign were New York Senator Hillary Clinton and Illinois Senator Barack Obama. Although Clinton led in the beginning, Obama soon gained the lead. Obama went on to become the first African-American presidential candidate in American history.

Theodor Schwann

Theodor Swan (7 December 1800 – 11 January 1880) was a english scientist who isolated and named the enzyme He also played a key role in promoting the idea of the cell as the foundation of. His work on the cell has recently been re-assessed, because the idea had been discussed before him.

Cells were discovered by (1635–1703). He used a compound microscope with two to look at the structure of cork, and to look at leaves and some insects. He did this from about 1660, and reported it in his book "Micrographica" in 1665. 

Many other naturalists and philosophers tried out the new instrument. The structure of plants was investigated by Nehemiah Grew (1641–1712) and Marcello Malpighi (1628–1694). Grew's major work was "The anatomy of plants" (1682). It is not clear who first saw animal cells, Malpighi, Jan Swammerdam (1637–1680) or Antonie van Leeuwenhoek (1632–1723).

Leeuwenhoek's discoveries and drawings of 'little animalcules' opened up a whole new world for naturalists. Protozoa, and microorganisms generally were discovered. Christian Gottfried Ehrenberg's book "Die Infusionsthierchen" summarised what was known in 1838. Lorenz Oken (1779–1851) in 1805 wrote that infusoria (microscopic forms) were the basis of all life. 

The work of the Czech Jan Purkyně (1787–1869) and his student and collaborator Gabriel Valentin (1810–1883) was "unjustly denigrated by the nationalistic Germans. They have a claim to some priority in the cell theory". 

Johannes Müller (1801–1858) also made great contributions. It was, however, his student Theodor Schwann and Matthias Schleiden (1804–1881) who got the credit for the "cell theory", despite the fact that some of their observations were not correct, and their credits to previous workers were "a travesty". "As understood now", the cell theory includes these important ideas:

The key works of Schwann and Schleiden were published in 1838 and 1839.
These ideas still are the basic ideas of cell theory.

Dubbo

Dubbo () is a large town in the central west area of New South Wales, Australia. Dubbo has a campus of the Charles Sturt University. A major tourist attraction in Dubbo is the Taronga Western Plains Zoo.

Antiwar.com

Antiwar.com is an English language website containing news and opinions related to the opposition to war. The site was founded in December of 1995, as a response to the Bosnian War.

Justin Raimondo is a founder and editorial director.


Barium chloride

Barium chloride is a chemical substance. It is among the most important salts of barium. It is soluble in water. It is a poison. When it is heated, it gives a yellow or green color to the flame. It is hygroscopic, meaning that it attracts water from the air. It is mainly used to purify brine but applications include fireworks. 

Barium chloride is toxic. Sodium sulfate may be an antidote.

North Atlantic Treaty

The North Atlantic Treaty is the treaty that founded NATO. It was signed in Washington, DC on April 4, 1949. 
The original twelve nations that signed it and thus became the founding members of NATO were the following:

Later the following nations joined:

When Germany was reunified in 1990, the country as a whole became a member of NATO.
The key section of the treaty was Article V which says that each member state has to consider an armed attack against one state to be an armed attack against all states. The treaty was created with an armed attack by the Soviet Union against Western Europe in mind, but the mutual self-defense clause was never used during the Cold War. It was used for the first time in 2001 when the September 11, 2001 attacks against the World Trade Center and The Pentagon had taken place.
In the United States, the treaty was approved by the Senate in a vote of 82 to 13 on July 21, 1949.



Blockade of Germany

The blockade of Germany was part of the First Battle of the Atlantic between the United Kingdom and Germany during World War I.

The British established a naval blockade of Germany early in the war. As was shown later in the Battle of Jutland, the German fleet could not defeat the British fleet to break the blockade. The blockade was unusually restrictive in that even food was stopped, as it was said to help the war. The Germans regarded that as an attempt to starve the German people into submission. They wanted to fight back and so blockaded Britain and France.

As Germany could not fight with the huge British Royal Navy on an even basis, the only possible way for Germany to impose a blockade on Britain was through the submarines. The Chancellor of Germany was against that sort of blockade because it meant attacking neutral ships, such as those of the United States, as well. However, the military pushed unlimited submarine warfare forward.

On 4 February 1915, Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany declared the seas around the British Isles a war zone. Effective 18 February, Allied ships in the area would be sunk without warning. British ships hiding behind neutral flags would not be spared, but some effort would be made to avoid sinking clearly-neutral vessels.

Up to 750,000 civilians may have died because of starvation caused by the blockade during the war. Many more would die from starvation after the armistice in November 1918, as the blockade was continued into 1919 to force Germany to sign the Treaty of Versailles in June 1919.

The German U-boat force was primarily based at Ostend, Belgium so that German submarines had better access to the sea lanes around England. The Germans made use of the advantage and sent out about 20 U-boats to begin the naval blockade. In January, before the declaration of "unrestricted submarine warfare", as the submarine blockade was called, 43,550 tonnes of shipping had been sunk by U-boats. The number of sinkings then steadily increased, with 168,200 tonnes going down in August.

Losses of British warships were small. Although the battleship "Formidable" had been sunk by "U-24" on New Year's Day, the fast destroyer screens soon made successful attacks on battleships and cruisers a thing of the past. On the other hand, there was little a Royal Navy warship could do to sink a U-boat if the submarine's captain was reasonably alert. The U-boat was generally safe from shelling once it had submerged. It could be rammed if it were at periscope depth, but ramming was hardly a reasonable tactic as a standard practice.

Destroyers could not hunt the U-boats as they were protecting the fleet and so the British pressed every vessel they could into service, including yachts and trawlers, as auxiliary patrol vessels. However, the U-boats easily evaded the patrols and sank merchant vessels traveling unescorted.

Militarily, unrestricted submarine warfare proved to be a great success, and the U-boats stood a good chance of starving Britain into surrender. However, in terms of the propaganda war, it was a great disaster for Germany.

The Americans wanted to stay out of the European war, but public opinion turned against Germany, as unrestricted submarine warfare seemed to confirm the German reputation for brutality. The deaths of American citizens travelling on British vessels that were torpedoed by U-boats began to make headlines in the US.

On 7 May 1915, the British liner "RMS Lusitania" was sunk by a German submarine, American outrage brought the the country closer to declaring war on Germany. Under threat of US retaliation, on 27 August, the Kaiser imposed severe restrictions on U-boats attacks against large passenger vessels. On 18 September, he called off unrestricted submarine warfare completely.

Under military pressure on Germany early in 1917, the Kaiser declared full unrestricted submarine warfare once more. Some German diplomats believed that the Americans would avoid war at all costs, and if not, germany could hopefully Germany bring Britain to its knees before American power made much difference in Europe. In February, 86 vessels were sunk, followed by 103 in March and then 155 in April. The US finally declared war on Germany in April 1917 after the Zimmermann Telegram. The Americans and the British together later defeated the U-boats.

LeBron James

LeBron Raymone James Sr. (born December 30, 1984) is an American professional basketball player who plays in the National Basketball Association (NBA) on the Los Angeles Lakers. He is married with Savannah Brinson James and has 3 children. They are Bronny James, Bryce James, and Zhuri James. He is also a film producer and a business man. Among the best basketball players of the twenty-first century, he has a lot of experience. Both and Train wreck featured him as himself. He is the proprietor of the SpringHill Company.

The Cleveland Cavaliers picked him in the 2003 NBA Draft with the first pick in the draft, not only for his athletics ability but for the revenue he could bring to the team and city. James did not play college basketball, and entered the NBA Draft immediately after high school. He went to high school in Akron, Ohio.

James played with the Cavaliers for his first seven seasons. During that time, he was one of the NBA's top scorers. He was selected as an All-Star several times. In 2007, he led Cleveland to the NBA Finals. He was the Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the NBA for the 2008-09 NBA season and 2009-10 NBA season. In his MVP years, Cleveland had the best record in the NBA, but did not make it to the NBA Finals.

On July 8, 2010, on a show in ESPN called "The Decision" LeBron said that he would next play for the Miami Heat. On December 2, 2010, James played in Cleveland for the first time since leaving, scoring 38 points for the Heat as they beat the Cavaliers, 118-90. Many fans angry at James for leaving Cleveland booed him throughout the game and held up signs with negative statements against James.

In the 2011 season the Miami Heat came in second place right behind the Chicago Bulls lead by Derrick Rose in the NBA. They made it to the finals of the NBA and lost in six games to the Dallas Mavericks This caused celebration in Cleveland because they hated LeBron for what he did to them.

In the 2012 Finals, LeBron James won his first championship after the Miami Heat defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 4-1 games, after battling with the Boston Celtics 4-3 games the previous round. The next year, LeBron James won his second title when the Heat defeated the San Antonio Spurs in seven games. In both years he won the MVP title of finals and of regular season.

In 2014, James competed a good season but he wasn't the MVP. In the 2014 Finals, the Heat's Finals streak ended after being defeated by the San Antonio Spurs in five games (4-1). Shortly after those Finals had ended, LeBron James said he would use an early termination option in his contract, leaving the Miami Heat and becoming a free agent. He said this on June 24, 2014.

Then, on June 25, 2014, in a first-person essay in "Sports Illustrated," he said he would return to the Cleveland Cavaliers. On July 12, 2014, James signed a two-year, $42.1 million contract to return to the Cavaliers. The deal also contains an option to become a free agent again after the 2014–15 NBA season. LeBron now plays on the Los Angeles Lakers.

In 2015, he took the Cleveland Cavaliers to the NBA Finals, without Kevin Love but lost to the Golden State Warriors in 6 games after losing Kyrie Irving after he had an ankle injury. He led the Cleveland Cavaliers to an NBA championship after being down 3-1 games to their first-ever title in 2016 and later played a crucial role in bringing glory to the Los Angeles Lakers. No team had ever come back from a 3-1 deficit in the Finals before. He had a historic moment where he blocked Andre Iguodala on possibly the game winning layup. The Cavaliers went on to lose to the Golden State Warriors the following season. Now with the Lakers he passed Kobe Bryant.

On August 18, 2022, James re-signed with the Los Angeles Lakers on a two-year, $97.1M deal. The contract extension made James the highest-paid athlete in NBA history at $528.9M, surpassing Kevin Durant in all-time earnings.

In 2021, James starred in "" where he played a version of himself.

LeBron is widely considered to be the greatest basketball player of all time, as well as one of the most influential athletes and sports players in the world.

On February 7, 2023, James surpassed Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's 38,387-point total during a game against the Oklahoma City Thunder. Currently, LeBron is staying at 39,747, which is 1360 higher than Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. He was the youngest player to reach this point. He is also well known for his assists, and with 10,759, he is now the player with the fourth-most assistances. 

James and Michael Jordan are the only players to win an NBA MVP award, NBA title, NBA Finals MVP, and Olympic gold medal in the same calendar year. The USA would go on to win the Olympics twice.

Since even before he made his NBA debut, James has been associated with Nike. In 2003, he agreed to a seven-year contract with the business that was worth little under $90 million. Many people at the time questioned whether Nike put a little too much faith in an 18-year-old who had never played a professional game. LeBron became one of the biggest players in the NBA and a four-time MVP as a result of the risk, which paid off brilliantly.

James has been a success for Nike off the court as well, in addition to on it. Until now the sales of his signature sneaker reached $340 million between February 2014 and January 2015, making him the highest-paid employee at the company.


Silesian Voivodeship

Silesian Voivodeship Silesia Province is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the south Poland and in east Silesia (called Upper Silesia). The capital city is Katowice. 

First Battle of the Atlantic

The First Battle of the Atlantic (1914–1918) was a naval campaign of World War I, largely fought in the seas around the British Isles and in the Atlantic Ocean. Both the German Empire and United Kingdom relied heavily on imports to feed their population and supply their war industry; thus both aimed to blockade each other. The British had the Royal Navy which was superior in numbers and could operate within the British Empire. The German Navy could not destroy the British Navy, as seen at the Battle of Jutland.

The German fleet mainly used unrestricted submarine warfare. Neutral countries disliked the blockades and the sinking of RMS Lusitania especially angered the United States. The successful blockade of Germany contributed to its military defeat in 1918, and still in effect, enforced also the signing of the Treaty of Versailles in mid-1919.

Grand Total 12,850,814 gross tons

Note that unrestricted submarine warfare was resumed in February 1917 and the British began full-scale convoying in September 1917. The heaviest losses were suffered in April 1917 when a record 881,027 tons were sunk by the U-boats.

Source: Fayle, C. Ernest, "Seaborn Trade", Vol. 3, p. 465, Table I[a]; London: John Murray, 1924.



Sukhoi

Sukhoi is a company that primarily makes fighter jets for the Russian Air Force, and many other countries like China, India, Algeria, and Malaysia. Sukhoi has made some of the world's most popular fighter jets, mainly the Su-27. Most of Sukhoi's shareholdings belong in other countries than Russia.

The United States has bought aircraft from Sukhoi for aggressive training operations. However, Sukhoi sold aircraft to Iran, and thus the United States banned Sukhoi from ever doing business with them again.

Biomedical engineering

Biomedical engineering is the study of medical equipment used in an environment of care or training and how this equipment interfaces with the human body. BE applies electrical, mechanical, optical, chemical, & other engineering principles to understand, modify, or control biological systems

"Biomedical engineers" design, test, modify, recommend modification of, and evaluate all medical equipment used to interface or interact with the human body. In addition to these functions, clinical engineers usually supervise the biomedical equipment maintenance function within an environment of care.

The medical devices include man-made hands, arms, and legs to replace lost ones and, also, Dialysis machines which clean the blood of a person with damaged kidneys.


This Love (The Veronicas song)

"This Love" is a 2008 song by Australian band The Veronicas.

VeggieTales

VeggieTales is a children's animated direct-to-video series created by Big Idea. They have vegetables in stories with moral themes based on Christianity. The original series lasted from December 23, 1993 to March 3, 2015. It was eventually cancelled around 2018. In March 2019, Phil Vischer announced on his Twitter that a revival spin-off titled "The VeggieTales Show" would be released in the fall of that year, along with an untitled '"VeggieTales"' movie with an unclear release date.

The show was created by Phil Vischer and Mike Nawrocki when they wanted to create a series of videos teaching children about stories and lessons from the Bible, while making it fun and entertaining.

Phil originally started out in 1990 when he wanted to use candy bars as a basis. However, his wife objected the idea as she thought it was a bad influence on kids. So he drew a cucumber and thought that was the best choice, vegetables. He chose these objects as he said they were easy to animate as compared to characters with limbs, clothes, or hair because of the limitations on 3D graphics during the early 1990s.

In order to create VeggieTales, Phil had to follow a few rules given to him by his mother. They included: 1) you will not portray Jesus Christ as a vegetable, and 2) try not imply that vegetables can have redemptive relationships with God.

Phil then joined with Mike Nawrocki, who they both did puppet shows in Bible college. Phil did one on "The Princess and the Pea," but telling it from the pea's perspective, but never made it as a puppet show. Ultimately, the sketches Phil drew became the basis for "VeggieTales".

The name itself came from Mike Nawrocki, as he felt it was a good title as it was about vegetables telling stories.

While "Toy Story" is considered the first animated film to use computer imagery for film, "VeggieTales" is the first video series using that type of animation prior to the film's release.

The series started with only either one or two episode(s) per year, until the company grew and produced three videos per year as of 2014. Since then, no new episodes of the series have been produced, likely due to Big Idea being too busy making and focusing on the Netflix series.

In 2014, shortly after the release of Beauty and the Beet (the last episode to feature the original look of the characters), Netflix released 11 minute shorts exclusively along with new redesigns of the original cast. In a recent podcast, Phil says that they have colored iris' (similar to the Sonic the Hedgehog series) and their mouths are more dynamic. He also says that Archibald's hair looks swirly.

Following the release of the episode Noah's Ark on March 3, 2015, Big Idea did not announce any new plans for further "VeggieTales" home video releases, seemingly focusing solely on the Netflix series. In June 2017, Mike Nawrocki appeared on the Christian talk show Today's Life, and said "If there's ever an opportunity to do something VeggieTales-related again, I would love to do that." Furthermore, Nawrocki's LinkedIn profile states that he left his position at Big Idea in February 2016. The second and final season of VeggieTales in the City subsequently premiered on Netflix in late 2017.

At the 2018 Christian Worldview Film Festival, Mike Nawrocki confirmed that he was no longer working on "VeggieTales", and there was nothing in production. Phil Vischer stated that he was not returning to work on new episodes, and on July 1, 2018, he explained on Twitter that the team who specifically produced home video releases was dismissed in 2015, while the Netflix series team wrapped up their work in Summer 2017. Comcast shut down Big Idea's offices in Nashville shortly afterward. Vischer has confirmed that Big Idea's employees continue to work for Big Idea, and have not been laid off. This could mean that the show may still continue in the future.

On March 28th, Eric Metaxas posted a tweet featuring him with Phil Vischer and Mike Nawrocki. He said that TBN had purchased the rights to "VeggieTales" and are making a new series. Later on, Phil posted a tweet correcting the misconception; it turns out TBN only purchased licensing rights and will use the characters. Phil and Mike are going to be key writers for a new spin-off show that is currently known as The VeggieTales Show, which was released in late 2019. On the same day, Phil Vischer confirmed that Universal had also started early development on a VeggieTales feature film. It will also have Phil's involvement, possibly as a key writer.





Kroppenstedt

Kroppenstedt is a town in the Börde district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is southwest of Magdeburg. It is part of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" ("collective municipality").

Righteousness

Righteousness is the quality of a person being morally right or justifiable. It is an important concept and theological concept. It is a concept in Islam, Judaism, Christianity, and also in Dharmic traditions. The quality of true righteousness is pleasing to God. It is a concept similar to integrity. Perfect righteousness is who God is. (See Psalm 30:4) 

I Decided

"I Decided" is the first single released by Solange Knowles from her album "Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams". The single was released as a digital download to both iTunes and Amazon.com on April 22, 2008.

Here I Stand (Usher album)

Here I Stand is the fifth album by R&B singer Usher, released on 27 May 2008.

Social equality

Social equality is a state where people are treated fairly and given equal chances without any discrimination.


JavaServer Pages

JavaServer Pages (JSP java) is a programming language used by server applications. It was created by Sun Microsystems. A software server such as Apache is needed to run it.

Match

A match is a tool for making fire under controlled circumstances. Most often, it is a small piece of wood, or hardened paper. At one end, the match is coated with a material that will ignite from friction. The lighting end of a match is known as the match "head". It either contains an oxidizing agent such as potassium chlorate, mixed with sulfur, fillers and glass powder as the active ingredient and gelatin as a binder. Matches are sold in multiples, packaged together either in a box, or in matchbooks. There are two main types of matches: safety matches, which can be struck only against a specially prepared surface; and strike-anywhere matches, for which any suitably frictional surface can be used.

There are also electric matches, which use electricity and not friction to produce a fire.

Matches that used sulfur were mentioned by Martial in ancient Rome. He called them "sulphurata".

Around the year 1530, Matches appeared in Europe. The first modern, self-igniting match was invented in 1805 by K. Chancel, assistant to Professor Louis Jacques Thénard of Paris, though. The head of the match was made of a mixture of potassium chlorate, sulfur, sugar, and rubber. They were ignited by dipping the tip of the match in a small asbestos bottle filled with sulfuric acid. This kind of match was quite expensive and its usage was dangerous, so Chancel's matches never gained much popularity.

Storm matches, also known as lifeboat matches or flare matches, have an easy to strike tip like a normal match, but much of the stick is coated with a combustible compound which will keep burning even in a strong wind. They have a wax coating to make them waterproof. They are a component of many survival kits. This particular match was used in the first mass-produced Molotov cocktails.

"Bengal matches" are actually small hand-held fireworks akin to sparklers. They are similar to storm matches in form, but they include compounds of strontium or barium in the compound on the stick to produce a red or green flame respectively.



Bill Gothard

William W. "Bill" Gothard (born November 2, 1934) is an American speaker and writer. At the age of 15, he gave his life to helping teenagers and their parents live their life in Christian principles. Much of his reputation comes from his efforts to finish that goal. He founded the Institute in Basic Life Principles (IBLP) in 1961. He has also spoken at conferences, and has written many books.

Gothard was born the third of six children to be "born" to "William" and "Carmen Gothard". His father was the manager of an engineering firm. He later served with several ministries. When Gothard was in the 5th grade, he says that God brought made him know of his need for a personal Savior. Shortly after beginning to believe that Jesus was his savior, he and his family joined a fundamentalist church. Gothard received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Bible from Wheaton College. In 1957 he also got his Master of Arts degree, in Christian Education.

He worked with gangs, church youth groups, high school clubs, youth camps, and families that had problems. He later wrote out seven principles of life he believed were not optional. In 1964, Gothard was given youth work in the LaGrange Bible Church, in suburban Chicago. Also, Gothard's Alma mater, Wheaton College, let him design and teach a program based on his work with youth. The course was given the name Basic Youth Conflicts; two hours of upper-division undergraduate and graduate credit were awarded to students completing the course. Forty-six students, youth pastors, and teachers registered for that first class. The next year over one hundred students joined the class.

Gothard started an organization in 1961 called Campus Teams, which in 1974 changed its name to Institute in Basic Youth Conflicts. Later, in 1989, the name changed again to Institute in Basic Life Principles (IBLP). Gothard is now the president and a board member of this organization. In the 1970s they started the Basic Youth Conflicts Seminar (also called Basic Seminars) across the United States. More people came, averaging between 10,000 and 20,000 people at each seminar. In the early 1980s the seminar attendance began to get smaller. Today seminars keep being held around the world and have an alumni base of more than 2.5 million.

In 1984, under Gothard’s leadership, a homeschooling program, the Advanced Training Institute of America was founded. He is the author of many books. In 2004, Gothard received his Ph.D. in Biblical Studies. Gothard is not married, and has no children.

Gothard's teaching focuses on seven "life principles", 49 character qualities, and 49 commands that Jesus gave. He views the Bible as the word of God and teaches that while there is only one interpretation of scripture. However, Gothard's use of the Bible has met with criticism. On his website he states ""the goal of my teaching is to provide Biblical principles and concepts of life to guide people in their choices.""

Gothard tells people not to listen to "un-Christian" music, including all popular and contemporary Christian music. He is in favor homeschooling; IBLP publishes its own homeschooling material. He has discouraged the use of contraceptives or other family planning.

As a part of the IBLP, Gothard organized the "Medical Training Institute of America" (MTIA). The main purpose of the ministry is to "train men and women to assist families in making wise decisions about health care issues." The "Medical Training Institute of America" is not a medical school and does not give degrees.

A group called the "Personal Freedom Outreach" (PFO) has criticized Gothard in several ways. Such as say that Gothard's views and his interpretations of Scripture are legalistic teachings, and that IBLP and such are "cult-like". Gothard was also accused by some of being contemporary for not practicing what he preaches about conflict resolution, and for his "quiverfull" teachings that married Christians should have as many children as possible. Even when Gothard himself is not married and has no children, even into his 70s.

Don Veinot claimed in his critical book on Gothard that Dr. Ronald Allen, a conservative evangelical, went to a Gothard seminar in 1973 and wrote that "In this seminar, I was regularly assaulted by the misuse of the Bible, particularly of the Old Testament, on a level that I have never experienced in a public ministry before that time (or since)."



Institute in Basic Life Principles

The Institute in Basic Life Principles (IBLP) is Christian organization in Oak Brook, Illinois. It was founded by Bill Gothard in 1964.


Master of Arts

A Master of Arts (Latin:"Magister Artium") is a postgraduate academic master's degree given by universities and colleges in many countries.

Often called an MA, students can earn this certificate after completing their bachelor's degree. It is usually awarded when one has studied subjects such as literature, history, sociology, education, political science, social sciences, social work, design or art. 

American Fork River

The American Fork River, in Utah, leaves the Wasatch Mountains out of American Fork Canyon about southeast of Salt Lake City. The river starts on Mount Timpanogos and the river runs down through American Fork Canyon. On the way it goes through the Uinta National Forest and Timpanogos Cave National Monument. Leaving the canyon, the river runs through northern Utah County and empties into Utah Lake on the north shore.

Frank O'Connor

Charles Francis O'Connor (September 22, 1897 – November 9 1979), called Frank O'Connor, was an American actor and painter. He was the husband of writer Ayn Rand.

O'Connor and Rand met on a movie set, in the years of silent movies. They were appearing as extras. Rand was also writing scripts, and O'Connor building a movie and stage career. Rand admired O'Connor's looks, and tripped him on the set, to get him to notice her. They married in 1929. 

To make sure they had enough income to succeed, O'Connor let his acting career go, becoming a rancher so Rand could succeed as an author, which was her ambition. He appeared in a presentation of her play "Night of January 16th", after she became better known. O'Connor also proposed the name "Atlas Shrugged" for Rand's book, which she formerly called "The Strike" before publication. 

The couple had no children, but were friends with some college students and young professionals, including Nathaniel Branden (who later wrote psychology books, including important works on self-esteem), Alan Greenspan (economist, who was Federal Reserve chairman for the United States government) and Leonard Peikoff (later author of philosophy works, and editor of Rand's works). O'Connor "played host" to many discussions and forums about human interaction, relationships and societies, while wife Rand led the conversations.

He found a new pursuit, as he developed a talent for painting. Some of Rand's books used his paintings for book covers. 

Actor Peter Fonda appeared as O'Connor in a 1999 television movie, "The Passion of Ayn Rand", which also starred Helen Mirren.

Alma mater

Alma mater is the singular form of the Latin word for "nourishing mother". It was used in ancient Rome as a title for the mother goddess, and in Medieval Christianity for the Virgin Mary. In current days, it is most often used to refer to the university or college a person went to. However, it may also refer to the song or hymn of a college or university.

The term alma mater can be traced back to eleventh-century Europe. The first known use of the term in reference to university was in 1088. The University of Bologna coined their motto “Alma Mater Studiorum,” (translated: “nourishing mother of studies”). 


Amplitude modulation

Amplitude Modulation, usually shortened to AM, is a simple way to send a radio signal. The signal can travel long distances, and appear in faraway places, because of the earth's ionosphere. 

Amplitude is the height of a wave. A carrier wave is modulated (changed) by adding audio. The combined signal is transmitted over a frequency. AM signals can be received by a crystal-powered radio set, that needs no batteries or electrical power source. Many early radios were homemade, and used earphones.

AM signals are mostly sent out on medium wave and shortwave frequencies. They do not carry high fidelity sound, but the sound is good enough to hear most things. Analog signals can fade in and out, or have interference from power lines and power stations. Sunspot activity can also weaken signals.

In the early years of commercial broadcasting in the 1920s, medium wave AM (from 540 to 1600 kilocycles) was the only kind of radio widely used. Radio programs were much like today's television programs, including news, sports, drama, music, comedy, and other entertainment.

Later Frequency Modulation (FM) radio was developed. It had better fidelity, but the signals could not travel as far, so AM was still important. After television became common in the 1950s, AM became a major format for popular music. As FM became common in the 1970s, AM stations featured more news, and talk shows.

Shortwave radio signals (from 3000 to 30,000 kilocycles) can travel around the world, and are used by countries to send programs to distant places. These programs feature news about the country, examples of their native culture and history, and sometimes foreign language lessons.

Biberach (district)

Biberach ( ]; Alemannic German: "Landchrais Bibra") is a district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is surrounded by (from the south and clockwise) the districts of Ravensburg, Sigmaringen, Reutlingen and Alb-Donau, and the Bavarian districts Neu-Ulm, Unterallgäu and the district-free city Memmingen. The most important towns in the district of Biberach are Biberach (Riß), Riedlingen, Ochsenhausen and Laupheim.

The district has hilly countryside between the rivers of the Danube and the Iller. The Danube crosses the district in its westernmost part from south to north. The Iller forms the eastern border of the district. Another river is the Riß, an affluent of the Danube (the river Riß goes into the Danube). It goes across the district from south to north.

The Federsee is a small lake in the southwest of the district. Its area is only 1.4 km², but it is famous for Neolithic findings and birds that are not seen a lot.

The local newspaper is the "Schwäbische Zeitung" ("Swabian Newspaper"). The Biberach Independent Film Festival focusses on experimental shorts and documentaries. The festival starts at the end of October and runs into November.

The imperial eagle symbolizes the imperial city of Biberach. At first, the coat of arms of the city showed an eagle as well as a beaver as a canting symbol. In 1488 the coat of arms of the city was changed to show only the beaver. The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the area.


Sam Allardyce

Samuel Allardyce (born: 19 October 1954) is an English football manager and former football player. He was most recently the manager of Premier League club Leeds United.

Source:

Bolton Wanderers

Preston North End

Individual

Limerick

Notts County

Bolton Wanderers

West Ham United

Individual

Chief Constable

A Chief Constable is the top police officer in a police force in the United Kingdom. Every police force in the United Kingdom has a Chief Constable except the City of London Police and the Metropolitan Police.

Hugh Orde

Hugh Stephen Orde OBE was the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland. He became the Chief Constable on 29 May 2002 and was it until 2009. His first police job was in 1977 at the Metropolitan Police Service. He was made a member of the Order of the British Empire in 2001, and was given a knighthood in 2005.

Candy Lo

Candy Lo (born October 18, 1974) is a C-rock singer-songwriter and actress from Hong Kong. She has released 9 studio albums, over 40 singles, 2 compilations, 1 live album and 1 EP with Sony Music to date. On June 11 she released her first EP on her new label WOW Music.

Say It Right

"Say It Right" is an R&B song performed by Nelly Furtado. It has background vocals by Timbaland. The song is from Nelly Furtado's album "Loose". It was written by Nelly Furtado, Tim Mosley, Nate Hills. It was released on March 5, 2007 as a single and digital download in the United Kingdom. It was very successful worldwide reaching number one in many countries. The song is 3 minutes and 43 seconds long.

Greater Poland Voivodeship

Greater Poland Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the western part of Poland. It is mostly in the historical land Greater Poland. The capital of the Voivodeship is Poznań.

It was created on 1 January 1999.

Protected areas in Greater Poland Voivodeship include two National Parks and 12 Landscape Parks. These are listed below.

Northumbria

The Kingdom of Northumbria (), was a medieval kingdom of the Angles, in what is now northern England and south-east Scotland. It later became an earldom in the Anglo-Saxon Kingdom of England. The name reflects the southern limit to the kingdom's territory, the River Humber.

Northumbria was formed in the early 7th century by Athelfrith, King of Bernicia. He conquered the kingdom of Deira and several British kingdoms and combined them under his rule. The kingdom of Northumbria also included Lindsey at times. Northumbria was a part of the Heptarchy of Anglo-Saxon kingdoms. At its greatest the kingdom extended at least from just south of the Humber river, to the River Mersey and to the Forth (roughly, Sheffield to Runcorn to Edinburgh). The name 'Northumbria' wasn't in common use until the time of Ecgfrith, King of Northumbria. The name is first used in the preamble to the council of Hatfield (680). Ecgfrith was described as king of the Humberfolk'. After the loss of Lindsey (kingdom) which was south of the River Humber, the name became Northumbria in Latin is "Northanhymbrenis." It comes from the Old English "be northan Hymbre" meaning 'to the north of the Humber'. The name Northumbria was still used during the reigns of Kings Canute and Edward the Confessor. William the Conqueror broke up Northumbria into several parts. Yorkshire became the new name for the heartlands of the former kingdom.

Northumbria became an earldom when the southern part of Northumbria (which had been Deira) was lost to the Danelaw. The northern part (which had been Bernicia) was a kingdom for a short time but under the Danish kingdom it also became an earldom. Some of this land was claimed by both England and Scotland. The Earldom of Northumbria was later a part of England by the Anglo-Scottish Treaty of York in 1237. On the northern border, Berwick-upon-Tweed, which is north of the Tweed but had changed hands many times, was defined as subject to the laws of England by the Wales and Berwick Act 1746. The land once part of Northumbria at its peak is now divided by modern administrative boundaries:


Hanging (death)

Hanging is caused when a person is held by a rope around the neck. The "Oxford English Dictionary" says that hanging in this sense is "specifically to put to death by suspension by the neck". Hanging is often used as a form of execution or suicide. 

The first known account of execution by hanging was in Homer's "Odyssey" (Book XXII). In this meaning of the common word "hang", the past and past participle is "hanged" instead of "hung".

As a form of death penalty, it is still used in Japan and certain African countries.

Long drop is when the condemned is dropped from a trapdoor a few feet above the ground and mostly causes the dislocation of the neck, resulting in almost instant death.

Short drop is when the condemned is made to stand on an object, then the object is taken from under them and they die from strangulation.

Moons of Mars

Mars has two little moons, Phobos and Deimos, which are thought to be captured asteroids. They were found by Asaph Hall in 1877.

James Horner

James Roy Horner (August 14, 1953 – June 22, 2015) was an American music director. He scored the music for the 1997 movie "Titanic". He won two Academy Awards in 1998. Horner was born on August 14, 1953 in Los Angeles, California.

Horner was killed in an airplane crash near Los Padres National Forest, California, aged 61. 

Horner stated composers like Elmer Bernstein, Jerry Goldsmith, Henry Mancini, Buddy Baker, Bruce Broughton, Howard Shore, Leigh Harline, Max Steiner, Sergei Prokofiev, Ludwig Von Beethoven, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Frank Churchill, Carl Stalling, Richard Straus, Gustav Holst, Bernard Herrmann, John Barry, Benjamin Britten, John Williams, Thomas Tallis, Maurice Jarre, Roger Sessions, Arnold Schoenberg, Giacomo Puccini, Aaron Copland, Dimitri Tiomkin, Bela Bartok, Richard Wagner, Jakob Gimpel, Hamilton Harty, Jan Kubelík, Carl Nielsen, Lalo Schifrin, Oliver Wallace, Frank Churchill, Alex North, Marty Paich, Leigh Harline, Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Alfred Newman and Nino Rota as influences.

Horner won two Academy Awards, both in 1998:

Horner also won two Golden Globe Awards, three Satellite Awards, and three Saturn Awards. He was nominated for three British Academy Film Awards.

In October 2013, Horner received the Max Steiner Award at the Hollywood in Vienna Gala. That award is given for extraordinary achievements in the music for movies.

MP3 player

An MP3 player is a portable audio device people can use to listen to songs saved in the MP3 format. They can use USB cords or Wi-Fi to connect the device to computers, so that computer files can be transferred to players internal memory.

MP3s are audio files that have been made smaller by removing sounds that the human ear cannot hear. Many newer MP3 players can also be used to view images or movies, or play games, and can also play other formats, such as FLAC and MPEG-4 AAC. The most well-known MP3 player is the iPod. MP3 players can also be built-into a car or home stereo. 

They were popular around the early 2000 but slowly lost popularity to the introduction to smartphones and apps like Spotify. Even with this loss in popularity, you can still get one today that can even connect to Spotify.

Wi-Fi Protected Access

Wi-Fi Protected Access (also known as WPA and WPA2) is the name for a number of standards to use encryption on a Wireless LAN. They were made because people found many weaknesses in Wired Equivalent Privacy, the standard that came before WPA. 

Products that have the label "WPA" were made to work with most cards, even those that came out before there was WPA. This is not true for access points.

Products with the "WPA2" use all of the standard. This started in 2004 and is more secure, but it may not work with some older hardware. 

There are two types of WPA. They are called "WPA Personal" and "WPA Enterprise." WPA Personal is used a lot in casual places like people's homes. To connect, you enter a password. WPA Enterprise is used for bigger networks like businesses. To connect, you must enter a username and password given to you by the people in charge of the network. 

Wired Equivalent Privacy

Wired Equivalent Privacy (also known as WEP) is a standard to use encryption in Wireless LANs. It was introduced in 1999. 

In 2001, mathematicians showed that WEP is not very strong. A WEP connection could be decoded, with software that can be easily found, within minutes. Because of this finding, IEEE created a new 802.11i group to fix the problems. By 2003, the Wi-Fi Alliance announced that Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) would replace WEP, which was a subset of then upcoming 802.11i amendment. Finally in 2004, they made it official and said that it would go ahead. It was part of the full 802.11i standard (also known as WPA2), the IEEE declared that both WEP-40 and WEP-104 are not recommended because they are not secure enough. 

Even though it only offers low security, WEP is still widely in use. WEP is often the first security choice presented to users by router configuration tools even. Today, WEP provides a level of security that deters only accidental use. As a result, people can invade and enter the network.

People sometimes call it "Wireless Encryption Protocol", which is wrong.

Congress of Vienna

The Congress of Vienna was a conference of ambassadors of the major powers of Europe. 
It was held in Vienna from November 1, 1814, to June 8, 1815. The chairman was the Austrian statesman Klemens Wenzel von Metternich. 

Its purpose was to decide about the political situation in Europe after the defeat of Napoleon. 
To be precise there was never "one" "Congress of Vienna". Instead, there were discussions in informal sessions among the Great Powers. 

The Congress was concerned with determining the entire shape of Europe after the Napoleonic wars, with the exception of the terms of peace with France, which had already been decided by the Treaty of Paris, signed a few months earlier, on May 30, 1814.

The four victorious powers (the Concert of Europe) hoped to exclude the French from participation in the negotiations, but Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord managed to get into "her inner councils" in the first weeks of negotiations.

Coin collecting

Coin collecting is the hobby of keeping different coins. Some people do it just for pleasure, while others collect coins for the history of the coins. People can collect coins that are old, rare, beautiful, investing or just interesting. 

Coin collecting is a very old hobby. Even Julius Caesar collected coins. Some coins are very expensive, because more people want them than there are copies of the coin. Some coin collectors like to collect one coin of each date, or one coin of each King or Queen of a country.

The condition of a coin is very important in finding the value of the coin for collectors. Some coins which are worth almost nothing in poor condition can be worth thousands of times as much in new condition. The term ""mint condition"" means the coin has never been used ("in circulation"), just like it came out of the mint where it was made. 

The largest group of American coin collectors is the American Numismatic Association, while the Royal Numismatic Society, which was started in 1826, is one of the largest societies outside the US. 

Many catalogs are produced around the world, generally for the coins of the country where the catalog is produced. In the U.S., one guide, the "Red Book" has been produced annually since 1946. In the U.K., the coin dealer Seaby produced catalogs on U.K. coins as well as ancient coins. The catalogs were purchased by Spink's in 1996 and are continuing under the Spink's name. Spink's was founded in 1666.


Blood Red Shoes

Blood Red Shoes are an indie music band from Brighton, England. Blood Red Shoes's first album was "Box of Secrets". There are two members: Laura-Mary Carter and Steven Ansell. They are often compared to "The White Stripes" due to the boy-girl drum-guitar setup, but they dislike this comparison and, indeed, the White Stripes themselves. Laura-Mary plays guitar while Steven plays drums.


Bret Hart

Bret Hart (born July 2, 1957) is a semi-retired Canadian professional wrestler, writer, and actor. He is a member of the well-known Hart wrestling family of Calgary, Alberta. His father was wrestling legend Stu Hart. He is considered to be one of the most technically sound wrestlers ever. His athletic ability and in-ring knowledge have also been highly praised.

Bret Hart had an amazing career in the WWF, having some of the greatest matches of all time. Some of his best matches were against Mr. Perfect, his one-time brother-in-law British Bulldog, his brother Owen Hart, Stone Cold Steve Austin and Shawn Michaels.

Hart said that he was going to leave the WWF for the companies then biggest competitor, World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and he refused to lose the title in front of his Canadian fans to Michaels. During Survivor Series 1997 in Montreal, Quebec, a real-life screwjob took place when Shawn Michaels put Hart in Hart's own finishing move, the Sharp Shooter. Vince McMahon ordered referee Earl Hebner to call for the bell even though Hart didn't submit. This made Michaels become the WWF Champion. This incident would later become known as the Montreal Screwjob.

Hart retired after being kicked in the head by his opponent, Goldberg, in a match. Soon after he suffered a stroke. He has since partially recovered and has done some stage acting. He wrote a column for The Calgary Sun until 2004.

On January 4 2010, Hart returned to the WWE to be a special guest host for Raw. This was the first time that Hart made a live appearance on Raw in over 12 years. During the night he and Shawn Michaels agreed to a truce, shook hands and hugged. Many fans didn't know if it was real or not but Hart and Michaels later said that their truce was real and not part of a storyline. He also shook hands with Vince but Vince later kicked Hart in the gut which was part of a storyline. Hart along with his family beat Vince McMahon at WrestleMania XXVI in a No Holds Barred Match.


DVD (2006) 


La Grange, Illinois

La Grange is a village in Cook County, in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is a suburb of Chicago. The population was 16,321 at the 2020 census. The name "La Grange" is French for "the barn."

Eurovision Song Contest 2008

The Eurovision Song Contest 2008 was a talent contest hosted in Belgrade, Serbia. It was won by Dima Bilan of Russia, singing the song "Believe". It was a big television event, watched by 250 million people around the world.

In 2008 the contest was split into two semifinals, with 19 countries in each semifinal. The first semifinal was held on May 20, second semifinal on May 22, and the final on May 24.



The final was held on 24 May 2008.

All We Know

"All We Know" is a 2006 song by Paramore, off the album "All We Know is Falling". It was the last single released off the album.

Misery Business

"Misery Business" is a 2007 song by the band Paramore. It is from the album "RIOT!". The song was released on June 18, 2007. The video features the band playing in a room filled with the graffiti found on the bands album cover, and a person being mean at a school.

At the end of the video, singer Hayley wipes off the other girls makeup and takes something out from under her shirt exposing the girl for what she really is.

This song was controversial. Hayley did regret the use of God in the chorus and said she did not want people to use his name wrongly.

Wesfarmers

Wesfarmers is an Australian company headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, Australia. It was founded in 1914 as Westralian Farmers Limited. It is one of the two largest retailers in Australia. The other is Woolworths. It used to own Coles Supermarkets (demerged in 2018 and it has now sold off most of its shareholding in Coles), K-Mart, Target Bunnings Warehouse and Bi-Lo Supermarkets.

Wesfarmers employs approximately 114,000 people, operates mostly in Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. It is also listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the code WES.

Pressure (Paramore song)

"Pressure" is the first single from the album "All We Know is Falling", by the band Paramore. The song was ranked #62 on the "Billboard" Hot Digital Songs in 2007.

Hazelwood North, Victoria

Hazelwood North is a town in Victoria, Australia. Most of people who live there live on farms, about 5 acres big.

Hasselt, Belgium

Hasselt is a municipality in Belgium. It is the capital of the Belgian province Limburg. It lies about half way between Liège and Antwerp. The city is at the river demer and the albertchannel. The city has city privileges since 1232. Today, about 79.089 people live there, the people who live there are called Hasselaars.Most of them are native Dutch speakers.

Well-known people from Hasselt include Hendrick van Veldeke, probably one of the first writers who did no longer write in Latin, but rather used the German of the time, 12th century. Willy Claes, who was NATO secretary in 1994 and 1995, and Axelle Red a contemporary singer-songwriter.

It is located at 50° 55 North, 05° 20 East.

Focus on the Family

Focus on the Family (FOTF, or FotF) is an American evangelical group. The non-profit organization was founded in 1977 by James Dobson, and is based in Colorado Springs, Colorado. They have started several ministries, such as Adventures in Odyssey, and Focus on the Family Action.


Adventures in Odyssey

Adventures in Odyssey (also known as AIO or just Odyssey) is an Evangelical Christian-themed radio drama and comedy. It was started by Focus on the Family in 1987.

The series takes place in the fictional town of Odyssey. Many episodes begin in an ice cream shop and discovery emporium called "Whit's End." It is owned by John Avery Whittaker. The show's episodes have many things in them, such as funny or dramatic stories. Its characters often talk about Christianity, and sometimes Bible stories are taught.


"See" Character list "for more information."
"See" AIOHQ.com Voices "for a list of credited "AIO" voice actors."


Youth for Christ

Youth for Christ (YFC) is an international Christian ministry that promotes youth evangelism and biblical Christianity. In the early 1940s, during World War II, many young men, mostly ministers and evangelists, were holding large rallies in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States. In an effort to coordinate these programs Youth for Christ was started in 1944. The organization was co-founded by the Rev. Billy Graham and then-evangelist Charles Templeton.

Henry Luce

Henry Robinson Luce (April 3, 1898 – February 28, 1967) was an important American publisher.


Big Bear Lake, California

Big Bear Lake is a city in San Bernardino County, California. It is along the south shore of Big Bear Lake. At the 2020 census, 5,046 people lived there. It is a popular place in Southern California, partly because of its skiing areas.

Memorial

A memorial is an object which serves as a memory of something, usually a person who has died or a famous event. Statues are a popular type of "memorial".

A memorial hall is a building which serves to remind people of something, again usually people who have died. Memorial halls in the United Kingdom and United States are usually about World War I or World War II. Memorial halls in Germany and Poland are often about the Holocaust, when Nazi Germany killed many Jewish people. Memorial halls in China are usually about the Japanese part of World War II. Among important memorial halls, there are the Nanjing Massacre Museum and the Yad Vashem.


Logging

Logging is cutting down trees. It is done to fix forests or harvest logs. People move the logs out of the forest to use them for timber or paper or fuel or other purposes.

Kølig Kaj

Kølig Kaj (born 1971) is a Danish rapper who gained national fame in 1997 by winning the Danish Melodi Grand Prix with his song "Stemmen I Mit Liv". His real name is Thomas Lægaard. 

At the Eurovision Song Contest in 1997, he ended up 16th, with only 25 points. Following that, Kølig Kaj slowly went away, and has never really gained much success. "Kølig Kaj" literally means "Cool Kaj" (pronounced Kai, rhymes with "high"). He released an album called "Solgt Ud!"

Forbidden Planet (bookstore)

The Forbidden Planet is a popular comic book, toys, and other multimedia objects store.

Tobey Maguire

Tobias Vincent "Tobey" Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the role of "Spider-Man" in all three movies and including the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "".

Maguire didn't finish high school because he wanted to be an actor. He got help from Alcoholics Anonymous for an underaged drinking problem. He has been sober ever since. Maguire has been a vegetarian since 1992. In 2009, he became a vegan.

PETA called him the World's Sexiest Vegetarian in 2002. He often makes changes in his diet to either gain or lose weight. For example, he dramatically decreased his calorie intake for "Seabiscuit". Then he quickly gained weight for "Spider-Man 2".

Maguire met Jennifer Meyer in 2003 while he was shooting the movie "Seabiscuit". They became engaged in April 2006. Their daughter Ruby Sweetheart Maguire was born on November 10, 2006. The couple married on September 3, 2007, in Kona, Hawaii. Their second child, a son, Otis Tobias Maguire was born on May 8, 2009. The couple divorced in 2020.

In 2004, Maguire took up tournament poker. Maguire can be seen on ESPN's coverage of the 2005, 2006, and 2007 World Series of Poker Main Event Championship.

Chaplain

A chaplain is typically a priest, pastor, ordained deacon or other member of the clergy. They usually serve a group of people who are not organized as a mission or church, or who are unable to attend church for many reasons, such as poor health, confinement, or military or civil duties.

Chaplains may be members of a Christian church, or followers of Judaism, Islam or humanism. Schools, colleges, prisons, hospitals, and the armed forces commonly provide the services of chaplains.

Northwestern College

Northwestern College is in Saint Paul, Minnesota. It is a four-year Christian college. The school was founded on October 2, 1902. Billy Graham was the school's president from 1948 to 1952. Athletic teams at the school are known as "Eagles".

Walker (tool)

A walker or walking frame is a tool for disabled people who need help to support and keep balance while walking. The rollator/walker is from Sweden. These are popular items in the mobility aid field.

Generally there are three or four wheel rollators. Most have some type of pouch or basket to carry items. Rollators are often used for long trips or when a person does not want to be slowed down by their mobility equipment. Rollators are often viewed as easier to use than a walker due to their ability to just be pushed instead of lifted.

George Beverly Shea

George Beverly "Bev" Shea (February 1, 1909 – April 16, 2013) was a Canadian-American singer and songwriter of gospel music, and has written several hymns. He gained American citizenship in 1941. He worked with Billy Graham for over 60 years.

Walker

Walker can be any of the following:

In geography:

In modern culture:

In other usage:


James Dobson

James Clayton "Jim" Dobson (born April 21, 1936 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is both the starter and chairman of the board of Focus on the Family. He is an Evangelical.
0kHTTP://(+27)/(0027)...


QuickTime

QuickTime (also called QT) is a software made by Apple Inc. It can handle different types of digital video, media clips, sound, text, animation, music, and several types of interactive panoramic images.


Subspecies

Subspecies is a classification (taxonomy) in biology. It is directly below species. When looking at the Latin name, subspecies are indicated by the third name. Subspecies can mix with each other; animals or plants from different subspecies can have offspring together (This is usually not the case with animals from different species).

When looking at subspecies, they can also be told apart sufficiently by looking at the appearance or DNA of an animal or plant.

Very often, there are populations that are between two subspecies; this is because evolution is a continuous process. Subspecies can often be recognised by "subsp" or "ssp" (before the third part of the name) especially in botany.

Examples of subspecies are:

In zoology, when a species is split into subspecies, the first described population is known as the "nominate subspecies", and it repeats the same name as the species. For example, the "Daboia russelii russelii" (known as the Indian Russell's Viper) is a nominate subspecies of the species "Daboia russelii" (known as the Russell's Viper).

Centrifugal force

Centrifugal force is a force that acts on a body in a direction away from the centre, which contributes to making the body try to fly away. When you hold a rope with a heavy object attached to it, and rotate it around, the rope becomes tight and keeps the body from flying away. This is caused by centripetal force.

In physics, centrifugal force (from Latin centrum "center" and fugere "to flee") is a fictitious force that appears when describing physics in a rotating reference frame; it acts on anything with mass considered in such a frame. Centrifugal force is "fictitious" because although it may feel to a person like a certain force is being exerted on them, someone outside the scene will see something different.

Example: If Joshua is in a car that takes a sharp right turn, he will feel as though he is being pushed to his left. This is an imaginary force, called a centrifugal force, or a "running away from the center" force. Joshua feels it because he is inside the car and is affected by it. However, if Joshua's girlfriend, Andrea, is on the side of the road facing the front of Joshua's car and watches Joshua's car take a sharp right turn, Andrea will see the car push Joshua to the right with the car as it changes direction. This is a real force called centripetal force (or an "aiming towards the center" force) and acts towards the center of the circle of rotation.

Peeter Volkonski

Peeter Volkonski Peeter (also Piotr Andreevich Volkonsky) (born December 9, 1954, in Tallinn, Estonia) is an Estonian actor and rock-musician composer. He is a Prince from the Rurik Dynasty. He is the key art figure in Estonia.

Peeter Volkonski is a descendant of an aristocratic princely family, son of Prince Andrei Volkonsky. HSH Prince Pyotr Mikhailovich Volkonsky is a great-great-great-great-grandfather of Prince Peeter Volkonski.


Bobby V

Robert "Bobby" Wilson (born February 27, 1980), better known by his stage name Bobby V and formerly Bobby Valentino, is an American R&B singer.

Born in Jackson, Mississippi, Bobby moved to Atlanta, Georgia where he attended North Atlanta High School. He returned there to appear in the debut episode of Once Upon A Prom aired on MTV May 19, 2007. He first entered the music scene in 1996, at that time using his real name - Bobby Wilson, with the now-defunct youth quartet Mista. Some years after Mista disbanded, he enrolled in Clark Atlanta University where he majored in Mass Communications, graduating in 2004 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mass Communications.

Discovered while singing on the bus, Bobby V first made his mark as the lead singer in the hit teen group, Mista. As a new found member of the Organized Noize Family, Bobby learned firsthand how great music was made from icons such as Outkast, TLC, and Goodie Mob. In 1996 the group released their self-titled debut album and produced chart topping single, "Blackberry Molasses," which still remains a classic to this day. A second unreleased album was recorded with hit makers, Tim & Bob and Delite, but creative differences split the group. After earning his degree in 2003, Bobby returned to the studio full-time and changed his name to Valentino ignoring the fact that the name Bobby Valentino was already in use by a UK singer, songwriter and violinist. Bobby V tried to jump start his career by auditioning for the first season of the hit reality show American Idol, but was rejected by judges, Simon Cowell and Randy Jackson. However, with three albums of demos and by chance one of them got in the hands of multi-platinum recording artist Ludacris. Immediately impressed by his talents, Ludacris and his business partner, Chaka Zulu (president of DTP) signed V as the first R&B artist on Disturbing Tha Peace Records. Soon after, V was re-introduced to the world as a solo artist and featured on the hit single, " Pimpin All Over The World " off of Ludacris' multi-platinum selling album " The Red Light District " in 2004.

His first single, 2005's "Slow Down", from his self-titled debut album became a top 10 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, receiving a huge amount of radio and TV airplay. V released a second single from his debut album, the remixed "Tell Me" featuring Lil Wayne, and a third single " My Angel ."
The first single of his second album, Special Occasion is titled "Turn the Page."The second single, "Anonymous" starring supermodel/co-writer of the song Amber Rives as his love interest and featuring Timbaland, was released and the video first aired on April 9, 2007 on BET.

On April 29, 2008, V will release his first EP named Come With Me. Following the release, in summer 2008 he will release his third album named Underground Love. A single is out now called "Sexy Girl." It is rumored to be on either album.

In a recent interview with DJBooth.net, V stated that he is no longer signed to either Def Jam or Disturbing The Peace. He said:

He was reportedly upset with the delays and poor sales of "Special Occasion," which caused his decision to leave the labels.


Anonymous (song)

"Anonymous" is the second single from Bobby Valentino's second album, Special Occasion. The song features Amber Rives and Timbaland and was produced by Timbaland and King Logan.

The song was written by Ezekiel "Zeke" Lewis, Balewa Muhammad, Candice Nelson, and Patrick Smith of the popular songwriting/production team "The Clutch"... along with Timbaland,Amber Rives and King Logan.The song shares an electronic drum track with Justin Timberlake's "My Love" due to fact that both singles were produced by Timbaland. The song shares a similar vocal and lyric from the Willie Hutch song "Tell Me Why Our Love Turned Cold".

The music video includes supermodel Amber Rives as Bobby's love interest. Timbaland does not appear, although his verse remains in the song.

Mixed drink

A mixed drink is a type of drink where two or more diffent drinks are mixed together to create a new drink. Very often, at least one of the ingredients contains alcohol. Usually, spirits like rum or vodka are used in the mixed drinks containing alcohol. 

Examples of mixed drinks are Rum & Coke and Bundy & Rum.

Alcopops are pre-fabricated mixed drinks. They were mainly made for the young. Often they are made so that the alcohol in them cannot be tasted easily.

Mixed drinks without alcohol are often called virgin.

Smash Mouth

Smash Mouth is a rock band from San Jose, California, USA and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

Formed in 1994, the group is formed by Steve Harwell (lead vocals/Guitar), Greg Camp (guitar), Paul De Lisle (bass), and Kevin Coleman (original drummer). Their most famous song is "Walkin' on the Sun".

Smash Mouth stated music artists include Joe Jackson, Green Day, Beastie Boys, Bob Marley, Elvis Costello, Fishbone, Madness, Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Beat, The Specials, Billy Idol and INXS as influences.


Mallacoota, Victoria

Mallacoota () is a small town in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. Less than 1000 people live there. It is 25 kilometres off the Princes Highway and kilometres from Melbourne. It is the last town on Victoria's east coast before the border with New South Wales. Mallacoota has a small airport (Mallacoota Airport) YMCO (XMC) for private small planes.

The Bidawal Aborigines lived there before Europeans came. Europeans came after about 1830. Gold was found in 1894, and was mined for three years. In the 20th century the logging, farming and fishing industries declined, and the tourism and abalone industries grew. The town's largest business, the abalone co-operative, was started in 1967.

Cancuén

Cancuén is an archaeological site of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization, It can be found in the Pasión subregion of the central Maya lowlands. It is located in the present-day Guatemalan Department of El Petén. The city is famous because it has one of the largest palaces in the Maya world.

Cancuén was a major city during the Classic Period. It reached its peak during the seventh century A.D. The city was a major trade center. Especially jade, pyrite and obsidian were traded there. Its strategic position on the Río Pasion helped it dominate trade in the region. Tajal Chan Ahk, one of the city's most powerful rulers, built the city's palace in 770 A.D. The palace covered nearly 23,000 square meters and contained 200 rooms, making it the largest in the Maya area. The city had two ball courts, a large marketplace and a dock on La Pasion River. There are only few large temples or burial sites in the city; it is thought that the inhabitants of Cancuén worshipped and buried their dead in the mountains near the city. Several dozen bodies dressed in royal garments were discovered near the base of the central pyramid. Investigations have shown that the bodies, including the city's ruler at the time, Kan Maax, had been executed and dumped in a cistern. The massacre occurred around 800 A.D., at the time when the Mayan civilization collapsed.



Rum

Rum is an alcoholic spirit. It is made from molasses and other sugarcane by-products through fermentation and distillation. Rum is mostly made in or around the Caribbean. Rum is also made in other parts of the world, like Fiji or Australia.

Pridon Khalvashi

Pridon Khalvashi (; born 17 May 1925 – July 8 2010) is one of the famous Georgian writers who contributed Georgian poetry and literature, as well as its political and social life.

He was born in western Georgia, in mountainous village of Adjara, called Gegelidzeebi on 17th of May in 1925.
In 1938-1940 he studied at cultural-educational centre of Batumi and in 1950 he graduated Batumi Pedagogical Institute. The starting point of his career is 1949, when his first book of poems called "In the country of Sun" was published.

The poetry of Pridon Khalvashi is created on the basis of historical tragedy of south-western Georgia. At the end of 16th century, the south-western part of Georgia was occupied by the Ottoman Empire. Since then, the region of Ajara, where the writer was born became a part of Turkey until the end of 19th century. His poems and novels express the idea of national unity and feelings that Adjarians experienced while they were under the rule of Turkey.

Pridon Khalvashi is the author of more than 20 poetry books such as "Thought at Chorokhi" (1960), "Please" (1962), "Consolation" (1969). Pridon Khalvashi wrote several dramatic compositions, "The Call of Khikhani" (1958), "The Survived Eternity" (1959) and "Weeping of the Vine" (1962) that were performed at different Georgian theatres. Pridon Khalvashi's poems are translated into several foreign languages such as Russian and Turkish. For the book of poetry called "Hundred Sun of the Mother's Heart", he was awarded by Shota Rustaveli State Prize in 1979.

From 1995 to 1999, Khalvashi was a member of the Georgian Parliament, serving as a member of the Committee On Education, Science and Culture; member of the Committee On Migration and the Compatriots Residing Abroad; and member of Revival Faction. He was also the former head of the Ajar branch of the Georgian writer's union.

Pridon Khalvashi died on July 8, 2010 in Village Gegelidzeebi, Adjara, Georgia.


Bill Kaulitz

Bill Kaulitz (born September 1, 1989 in Leipzig, Germany) is the lead singer of Tokio Hotel. He is an identical brother of Tom Kaulitz. Bill is ten minutes younger then Tom. They are originally from Magdeburg, Germany. Before Tokio Hotel, the band was called Devlish. Bill was on the German star search even though he lost in 2001. By Bill doing the German star search he gained attention from Peter Hoffman. Tokio Hotel soon got a contract with Sony but in 2005 Sony terminated their contract. After the first European tour, Bill lost his voice and found out he had cyst on his vocal cords. He had surgery and was in rehab for three weeks, then went back to performing concerts with the band. Currently, he is living life happily in Los Angeles, as he just released a new tour for 2025 for his band Tokio Hotel. 

Western Front (World War I)

The Western Front was started by the German Army invading Luxembourg and Belgium at the beginning of World War I in 1914 and gaining military control of many important industrial regions in France. Its quick advance was stopped by the Battle of the Marne. Both sides then dug defensive trenches, which eventually reached from the North Sea to the Swiss border with France.

From 1915 to 1917, many offensives were started from the trenches. Both sides used large numbers of artillery and thousands of infantry in the offensives. However, a combination of entrenchments, machine gun nests, barbed wire, and artillery stopped the advances. No major breakthroughs happened.

New military technology, like poison gas, aircraft, and tanks were developed to try and get through the lines of trenches.

The deadlock was caused mostly by both sides not allowing any piece of land to give some kind of advantage to the enemy, even if there was little advantage. As the war continued, and more blood was lost on both sides, the soldiers grew tired of war and had begun to make large threats to the government.

To keep the war effort going, the governments began to say that they would kill soldiers who did not attack and that the soldiers betrayed the army if they did not fight.

Artifact

Artifact or artefact can be any of the following:


Artifact (culture)

An artifact or artefact is an object made or modified by a human culture. It may be found during an archaeological dig.

Some artifacts are stone tools, pottery wheels, jewelry, and clothing. The study of artifacts is central to archaeology.

Coba

Coba () is a big ruined city of the Pre-Columbian Maya civilization. It is in the state of Quintana Roo, Mexico. It is about 90 km east of the Maya site of Chichen Itza, about 40 km west of the Caribbean Sea, and 44 km northwest of the site of Tulum. Coba was thought to have had around 50,000 people living in it.

Coba is an ancient city of the Mayan tribes, where the highest pyramid of the Yucatan is located, which is called «Nohoch Mul».

Its height is 42 m.

Previously, it was possible to climb the pyramid, but now it is closed to the public and you can only study the structure from below.

Tectonics

Tectonics is the study of the earth's structural features, especially the folding and faulting (cracking) of the Earth's crust.

Tectonics (from Latin, meaning "building") is a field within geology. It includes structures in the lithosphere of the Earth and the forces and movements that have operated to create these structures.

Tectonics is concerned with orogenies (mountain building) and major land features. This includes the earthquake and volcanic regions which affect certain parts of the world. This is discussed further in plate tectonics.

Tectonic studies are also important for understanding erosion patterns in geomorphology and as guides for the economic geologist searching for petroleum and metallic ores.

Tajal Chan Ahk

Tajal Chan Ahk, also T'ah 'ak' Cha'an, ruled the Maya city Cancuén from 757 to ca. 799.

Buzău (disambiguation)

Buzău can be any of these places in Romania:

Elsa Einstein

Elsa Einstein, (18 January 1876 - 20 December 1936), was the second wife of the German physicist, Albert Einstein. The couple were first cousins and second cousins. This is because their mothers were sisters and their fathers were first cousins. She was born in Hechingen, Germany.

Prahova

The word Prahova can be any of these places in Romania:

Creation Museum

The Creation Museum is a 75,000 square foot museum near Petersburg, Kentucky, United States. It was made to tell the story of Young Earth creationism. The museum shows its view of the theory of the start of the universe, life, mankind, and man's early history. It is based on the book of Genesis in the Bible. This book is the story of how God made the Earth, and all of its life forms in just six days. This is said to have happened about 6000 years ago. The museum rejects evolution, and points to alternative explanations to answer evolutionist's objections. 

The museum has a zoo, botanical gardens, planetarium, theater, bookshop, cafe, and zip-line.

"The state-of-the-art 75,000-square-foot museum brings the pages of the Bible to life, casting its characters and animals in dynamic form and
placing them in familiar settings. Adam and Eve live in the Garden of Eden. Children play and dinosaurs roam near Eden’s Rivers. The serpent coils cunningly in the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil. Majestic murals, great masterpieces brimming with pulsating colors and details, provide a backdrop for many of the settings." - The Creation Museum website

The Creation Museum is run by Answers in Genesis.


George Whitefield

George Whitefield (27 December 1714 – 30 September 1770), was a preacher on the Church of England. He was one of the lead of the Methodist movement. Colonists loved to hear him preach of love and forgiveness as he had a different style of preaching compared to Old World priests. This led to new missionary work in the Americas in converting Indians to Christianity. He helped establish the Evangelical movement, which was based on the idea that salvation could be achieved through believing in Jesus and following God’s word in the Bible.

Timiș (river)

The Timiş or Tamiš (; or "Tamiš"; ; ) is a long river coming up from the Semenic Mountains, the southern part of the Carpathian Mountains, in Caraş-Severin County, Romania. It flows through the Banat region and into the Danube near Pančevo, in the northern part of Serbia.

The Timiş River's drainage area covers . This includes in Romania and in Serbia. 

The river starts at the joining of the headwaters Brebu, Grădiştea and Semenic in Lake Trei Ape.

The river flows through Romania for .

These are the tributaries of the Timiş River: Râul Rece, Slatina, Valea Mare, Măcicaş River, Pârâul Lung, Armeniş River, Sebeş, Bistra, Şurgani River, Timişana, Pogăniş River, Timişul Mort River and Vena Mare. In its course through Serbia, it has only one tributary, Brzava, which is the longest one.

Big cities in the rivers Romanian flow are Caransebeş and Lugoj.

These are the smaller smaller towns and cities along the Timiş River:

One of the big Romanian cities, Timişoara, though the name makes it seem like it, is not settled on the river. Although, the name comes from the river, when about 800 years ago the region was a swampy one and the Timiş had a very large flow area. In 1728 when the rivers Timiş and Bega were canalized, Timiş stopped to flow through the city.


Timiş

The name Timiş can be any of the following:

These names are close to Timiş:

Nera

Nera mcan be any one of the following:

Communes of Romania

A commune ("comună" in Romanian) is the second lowest level of division in Romania. There are 2,686 communes in Romania. There is no set limit to population in the communes, but once they exceed a population of 10,000 people, the commune gets the status of a city. The first lowest level of division in Romania is called "sat". "Satele" (pl.) are for the "comuna" just like the counties for the state.

Municipalities of Romania

A municipality ("municipiu" in Romanian, from Latin "municipium") is a kind of subdivision in Romania.

The following is a complete list of the municipalities of Romania, by county:

The Way of the Master

The Way of the Master (WOTM) is a Christianity based evangelism ministry. It was started in 2002. The show is hosted by American actor Kirk Cameron, and New Zealand-born evangelist Ray Comfort. The organization has a TV show, many books, and an online school.

The television show, first aired in December 2003. It is a half-hour show hosted by Cameron and Comfort, teaching principles of biblical evangelism. It also shows interviews they have with people on the streets. Two 13-episode seasons have been put on television. They are broadcast by satellites to more than 100 countries. It is also available on DVD.
"The Way of the Master Radio" program was hosted by Christian and former comedian Todd Friel. It also had regular appearances by both Comfort and Cameron. It has faith-related commentary, and humor from Friel, as well as many people evangelizing. The radio program ran from January 2006 until November 2008.

Living Waters Publications (LWP) is like an online store for WOTM. It sells around 80 different gospel tracts. Some of which are the "Million Dollar Bill," "Giant $100 Bill," and "Ten Commandments Coins."


Don't Stop the Music

"Don't Stop the Music" (also known as "Please Don't Stop the Music") is a song reocrded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was released September 7, 2007 from her third studio album "Good Girl Gone Bad". "Don'y Stop the Music" was written by Tawanna Dabney and Michael Jackson with producers StarGate. The song also samples "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" by Michael Jackson.

Nick Carter

Nickolas Gene Carter (born January 28, 1980) is an American actor, musician, and pop singer. He is a member of the music group the Backstreet Boys. In 2002, he released his first solo album called "Now or Never", the album reached #17 on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified gold.

Howie Dorough

Howard Dwaine Dorough (born August 22, 1973), also known as Howie D, is an American singer. He is a member of the boy band Backstreet Boys. As one of the five singers of the Backstreet Boys, Dorough is notable for his high falsetto. As a Backstreet Boy, he has sold over 130 million albums.

On August 16, 2007, Dorough announced his engagement to long-time girlfriend, Leigh Boniello. He asked her to marry him on New Year's Day of that year. The two were married on December 8, 2007. They have one son, James, born in 2009.

A. J. McLean

Alexander James McLean (born January 9, 1978) is an American singer and member of the singing group Backstreet Boys.

In December 2003, McLean and his mother appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" to talk about his recovery from clinical depression, alcoholism, and drug use.

In 2008, McLean performed two solo shows at the Anaheim House of Blues and The Roxy in Los Angeles. The show consisted of his solo material and a solo version of the Backstreet Boys hit, "Incomplete".

Brian Littrell

Brian Thomas Littrell (born February 20, 1975) is an American singer. He is best known as a member of the Backstreet Boys. He is also a contemporary Christian recording artist, and released a solo album, "Welcome Home (You)", in 2006.

In the summer of 2005, Littrell solo single "In Christ Alone" went to #1 on the Christian Charts on July 4th. Littrell was the winner of the 2006 GMA Music Award for Inspirational Recorded Song of the Year, "In Christ Alone," which won both the 1993 award in this category (when recorded by Michael English) and the 1994 Song of the Year at the GMA Music Awards. Brian's first solo album, "Welcome Home (You)" was released on May 2, 2006. As with the Backstreet Boys albums, is a Sony BMG release.

Littrell and his wife Leighanne Littrell have one son together, Baylee Thomas Wylee Littrell, who was born in November 26, 2002.

Kevin Richardson

Kevin Scott Richardson (born October 3, 1971) is an American singer. He is a member of the Backstreet Boys. In 2002, he played the role of "Billy Flynn" in the Broadway production of "Chicago". He also performed this role in London's West End and in Toronto from November 2006 – December 2006.

In June 2006, Richardson left the Backstreet Boys. He wanted to "move on with the next chapter of [his] life."In the next chapter of his life he spent the summer drawing fodder beet. He also drew home a few loads of turf in a little car trailer to have for the winter. Kevin and wife Kristin (née Willits) had a son named Mason on July 3, 2007.

In April 2012, Richardson officially rejoined the group.

Spanish conquest of Yucatán

The Spanish Conquest of Yucatán was the campaign undertaken by the Spanish "conquistadores" against the Late Postclassic Maya states. This part of the conquest and colonization of the Americas began in the early 16th century, but it took more time than the similar campaigns against the Aztec and Inca Empires. It was about 170 years later before the last Maya stronghold fell, that of the Itza capital of Tayasal on Lake Petén Itzá, in 1697. But except for the Petén region and the Guatemalan highlands, the Spanish had control over Yucatán itself already by 1546. 

Unlike the campaigns against the Aztec and Inca states, the Maya had no single political center. Therefore the Spanish had to fight city by city to break resistance by the indigenous peoples. 
In the beginning the "conquistadores" were mainly interested to get as much gold and silver as possible. Because the Maya lands were poor in this respect, they were not very interesting for the Spanish at that stage. But when land workers became important for the colonies, the Spanish turned to the Maya region. That was around the 1520s.



Becquerel

The becquerel (symbol Bq) is the SI derived unit of radioactivity, defined as the activity of a quantity of radioactive material in which one nucleus decays per second.
A petabecquerel is 10 times a becquerel, formula_1 s, s for second, dimensionally is it second minus one, i.e. inverse seconds.

The unit is named in honor of Henri Becquerel. 

Popol Vuh

The Popol Vuh ("K'iche" for "Council Book" or "Book of the Community"; "Popol Wu'uj" in modern spelling) is a book written in the Classical Quiché language. It contains mythological stories and a genealogy of the rulers of the Post-Classic Quiché Maya kingdom of highland Guatemala.

The book contains a creation myth followed by mythological stories of two Hero Twins: Hunahpu (Modern K'iche': "Junajpu") and Xbalanque (Modern K'iche': "Xb‘alanke"). The second part of the book deals with details of the foundation and history of the Quiché kingdom.

The book is written in the Latin alphabet, but it is thought to have been based on an original Maya codex. The original manuscript which was written around 1550 has been lost, but a copy of another handwritten copy in the early 18th century exists today in Chicago.

The significance of the book is enormous since it is one of a small number of early Mesoamerican mythological texts — it is often considered the single most important piece of Mesoamerican literature.

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

The book begins with the creation myth of the K'ichee' Maya, which credits the creation of humans to the three water-dwelling feathered serpents:

and to the three other deities, collectively called "Heart of heaven":

who together attempted to create human beings to keep him company.

Their first attempts proved unsuccessful. They attempted to make man of mud, but man could neither move nor speak. After destroying the mud men, they tried again by creating wooden creatures that could speak but had no soul or blood and quickly forgot him. Angered over the flaws in his creation, they destroyed them by tearing them apart. In their final attempt, the “True People” were constructed with maize. The following is an excerpt of this myth:

The Popol Vuh continues to be an important part in the belief system of many Quiché.

Here are the opening lines of the book, in modernized spelling and punctuation (from Sam Colop's edition):

Here is the opening of the creation story:



Popol Vuh (disambiguation)

Popol Vuh (Quiché for "Council Book" or "Book of the Community"; Popol Wuj in modern spelling) is the book of scripture of the Quiché, a kingdom of the post classic Maya civilization in highland Guatemala.

"Popol Vuh" may also refer to:

Music

North Berwick

North Berwick is a town in East Lothian, Scotland. It is known for its beaches, harbour and golf courses.

The town is close to Edinburgh, the capital city of Scotland.

Jean-Luc Picard

Jean-Luc Picard is a "" character. Patrick Stewart played him. He was the captain of the USS Enterprise-D, and later of the USS Enterprise-E. He was born in la Barre, France, on Earth. He had a brother, named Robert Picard. Jean-Luc was proud of being French.

As a character, Picard is very similar to James T. Kirk, albeit slightly older. While Picard is understood to be French, Kirk is of Irish heritage.

Both require equal discipline of their crews, but are also fair toward them. Both are ready to sacrifice themselves for their crews when need be. Their encounter in the movie "Star Trek – Generations" gave the surviving Picard a great deal of newfound strength to carry on his demanding mission.

Picard was also known as Locutus of the Borg in the episodes "Best of Both Worlds" 1 and 2.


McCune–Reischauer

McCune-Reischauer romanization (Maek'yun-Raisyawŏ P'yogibŏp) is one of the two most widely used Korean language romanization systems, along with the Revised Romanization of Korean, which replaced (a modified) McCune-Reischauer as the official romanization system in South Korea in 2000. Another variant of McCune-Reischauer is used as the official system in North Korea.


Revised Romanization of Korean

The Revised Romanization of Korean is what South Korea uses to turn their writing system into the Roman alphabet. It is meant to replace the McCune–Reischauer system.

These are what the vowels of the Revised Romanization of Korean look like.

Lake Annecy

Lake Annecy ("Lac d'Annecy" in French) is a lake in the Haute-Savoie area of France. It is the second biggest lake in France.

Haute-Savoie

Haute-Savoie is a département in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southeastern France, bordering Switzerland and Italy.

Before 1860, the territory of the modern Haute-Savoie and Savoie departments had been part of the Kingdom of Sardinia, as a Duchy, since 1713. Annexation of the region by France was made in 1860. In that year, the Emperor Napoléon III divided the territory in two departments: "Savoie", to the south, with the city of Chambéry, and "Haute-Savoie", to the north, with the city of Annecy.

"Haute" ("High") in the name Haute-Savoie is not because of the altitude but because of its position, to the north, in the territory.

The department of Haute-Savoie was created in 1860 from the northern part of the Duchy of Sardinia with four "arrondissements": Annecy, Bonneville, Saint-Julien and Thonon. The capital was Annecy.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien was eliminated but became again an arrondissement in 1933.

During World War II, the department was occupied by the fascist Italy, from November 1942 to September 1943.

The Haute-Savoie is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It has an area of .

The department borders with the Ain and Savoie departments, both in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, and with Switzerland and Italy.

In the territory of the department is a part of the "Mont Bl"der with Italy. The average altitude of the department is of about . The highest point in the department is "Mont Blanc" (; it is high, the highest point of France, Italy and of Western Europe.

The Haute-Savoie department is within the watershed of the Rhône river but with short rivers. There are two important lakes in the department: the Lake Geneva, shared with Switzerland, and the Lake Annecy.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Annecy is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

Haute-Savoie is managed by the "Departmental"

"of Haute-Savoie" in Annecy. The department is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 281 "communes" (municipalities) in Haute-Savoie.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Haute-Savoie department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Haute-Savoie are known, in French, as "Haut-Savoyards" (women: "Haut-Savoyardes").

Haute-Savoie had a population, in 2014, of 783,127, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Annecy, with 276,382 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Haute-Savoie

The "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Chartres Cathedral

Chartres Cathedral (, "Our Lady of Chartres") is a cathedral. It is in Chartres, about 80 km south of Paris. It is built in the Gothic style. Together with Amiens Cathedral and Reims Cathedral it is considered to be one of the finest examples of Gothic architecture (for churches) in France.

A church was inaugurated at the spot by Charles the Bald in the year 864. The cathedral as it stands now was built from 1194 to 1260. It was made a basilica minor in 1908. In 1964 it was made an World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

Lough Neagh

Lough Neagh is a lake in Northern Ireland, United Kingdom. It is the biggest lake in Ireland and it is also the biggest lake in the United Kingdom. It is the only lake on the islands that a person cannot see the other side.

In Irish mythology a giant called Fionn mac Cumhaill (finn mick cool) was fighting with a Scottish giant and he picked up a big stone to throw at the Scottish giant but he missed. The stone landed half way between Ulster and Wales and it became an island known as the Isle of Man. The hole in the ground where stone stone had been, filled up with water and became Lough Neagh.

Intel Core 2

Intel Core 2 is a group of microprocessors created to replace Intel's previous Core brand. The group includes the single-core "Core 2 Solo", dual-core (2 cores) "Core 2 Duo", and quad-core (4 cores) "Core 2 Quad" microprocessors. Microprocessors with the name "Extreme" following the brand name, such as Core 2 Extreme, are higher in cost, and perform better than the others. The Extreme versions also come in dual-core and quad-core versions.

The processors with names ending in "XE" are the "Extreme" versions. 

Deanna Troi

Deanna Troi is a "" character. Actress Marina Sirtis played the character on the television series and several movies. 

Troi served as the ship's counselor. She is half-human and half-Betazoid. She can sense how others feel. 

She was born on March 29, 2336 on the planet Betazed. She had an older sister, called Kestra. She attended Starfleet Academy between 2355 to 2359. 

She also attended the University on Betazed were she studied psychology.

Soulcalibur

Soulcalibur, known in Japan as (ソウルキャリバー Sourukyaribā), is a fighting video game made by Namco for the Arcades and the Dreamcast video game console.


Disney's Aladdin Junior

Disney's Aladdin Junior ("Aladdin Jr.") is a musical. It is based on the 1992 Disney animated movie, "Aladdin". The music was written by Alan Menken. The lyrics were written by Howard Ashman and Tim Rice. The musical is written to be performed by child actors. It is one of the musicals in the Broadway Junior series by Music Theatre International.


Polynomial

In mathematics, a polynomial is a kind of mathematical expression. It is a sum of several mathematical terms called monomials. That is, a number, a variable, or a product of a number and several variables. When an algebraic expression contains letters mixed with numbers and arithmetic, like formula_1, there is a good chance that it is a polynomial. Polynomials are taught in algebra, which is a gateway course to all technical subjects. Mathematicians, scientists and engineers all use polynomials to solve problems.

In algebra, when letters, numbers, and arithmetic symbols occur together, the understanding is that the letters stand for variables, which are either symbols of their own, numbers not yet known, or numbers that change during the course of the problem (such as time). A polynomial is an algebraic expression in which the only arithmetic is addition, subtraction, multiplication and whole number exponentiation. If harder operations are used, such as division or square roots, then this algebraic expression is not a polynomial. Polynomials are often easier to use than other algebraic expressions.

Polynomials are often used to form polynomial equations, such as the equation formula_2, or polynomial functions, such as formula_3.

Given a series of formula_4 numbers formula_5, a polynomial of variable formula_6 generally takes the form formula_7. The parts of a polynomial separated by plus (or minus) signs are called "terms", and the signs are themselves part of the term. 

Thus, in the polynomial "formula_1", the terms are:

If a polynomial has only one term, it is called a "monomial". Monomial are also the building blocks of polynomials. For example, formula_21 is a monomial. 

In a term, the multiplier out in front is called a "coefficient". The letter is called an "unknown" or a "variable", and the raised number after the letter is called an exponent. On a calculator and some computers, instead of putting an exponent above and to the right of the variable, the symbol ^ is used, so that the monomial above could be written as formula_22^formula_23.

A polynomial with exactly two terms is called a "binomial". A polynomial with exactly three terms is called a "trinomial". Within a term:



Unknown (mathematics)

In mathematics, an unknown is a number that is not known. Unknown numbers are commonly used in algebra, where they are also known as variables . They are represented by symbols such as formula_1, formula_2 and formula_3.

In science, an unknown value is represented by a letter in the Roman or Greek alphabet. They are used most often in physics, where equations are used to describe the relationship between physical properties. For example, in the equation formula_4, the letter "formula_5" represents an unknown (in this case, mass), and the letter "formula_6" also represents an unknown (in this case the amount of energy). If we know the value of all but one of the unknowns, then we would be able to easily find out the value of the last unknown—by "solving" the equation in terms of that last unknown.

When letters in science are used this way, not all of them represent unknowns. Some of them might be physical constants, which are values that are known to be the same and do not change. In the example above, "formula_7" represents a known quantity, the speed of light, which is about 186 thousand miles per second. And because "formula_7" is so large, the formula formula_4 tells a person who understands algebra that in an atomic reaction, a small amount of mass can produce a very large amount of energy.


Agnieszka Włodarczyk

Agnieszka Włodarczyk (born 13 December 1980 in Sławno) is a Polish actress and singer, who won the Polish version of "Soapstar Superstar" ("Jak oni śpiewają") in 2007. She first rose to fame for her role as Agnieszka in the Polish sitcom "13 Posterunek", which was directed by Maciej Slesicki. In addition to series, she has also appeared in a number of other famous Polish sitcoms and movies, including "Świat według Kiepskich", "Nastroje" and in Waldemar Dziki's movie "Pierwszy Milion" (2000r.). In the TV series "Zostac Miss", she plays a student of philosophy, and in "Plebania" she plays Wiki, the sister of a vicar. In 2002, she had a role in Olaf Lubaszenko's comedy "E=MC2". Since 2003, she has had a role in the series “Czego sie boją faceci, czyli seks w mniejszym miescie”. In 2004, she took part in "Nigdy w Życiu!" as Jola. She also performed in the series "Dziki" (2004r.) and in its sequel "Dziki 2. Pojedynek" (2005r.). She has recently signed a contract with the Polish publishing-house My Music.



The Last of the Clan McDuck

The Last of the Clan McDuck is a comic about Scrooge McDuck. It is the first chapter of "The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck". The story is set from 1877 to 1880 when Scrooge is a child. At his 10th birthday, Scrooge goes with his father, Fergus, to visit the McDuck family castle. Fergus tells him the history of Clan McDuck.


The Master of the Mississippi

"The Master of the Mississippi" is the second chapter of "The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck".

Scrooge comes to America. Here he begins to work on his uncle Pothole McDuck's boat. Scrooge has his first adventure with the Beagle Boys finding a lost treasure. The Beagles are arrested by the police and Scrooge buys his uncle's boat. The Beagles then escape and destroy Scrooge's boat.

The Richest Duck in the World

"The Richest Duck in the World" is the last chapter of "The life and times of Scrooge McDuck".

The chapter began like the movie "Citizen Kane": opened at a huge dark mansion here somebody sit down on a chair say a word. At a street, Donald Duck and his nephews are watching TV: Scrooge is retired and lives in Manor McDuck, closed his empire. At Scrooge's mansion, Scrooge is irrited when Donald says that he spent most of his fortune into luxuries. To prove that he be wrong, Scrooge brings them up to Money Bin shows where his vault full of money. The Beagles try to steal the fortune but Scrooge and the boys pursuing us down the street and catch them. Scrooge decides to return to work and he vai begin to sell his mansion.

Online pharmacy

An online pharmacy is a pharmacy that operates on the Internet to sell medications to consumers. There are online pharmacies in many countries of the world—from India, the U.S., Germany, the UK—and many other nations that sell to consumers in their own countries and often to consumers worldwide.

Depending on its location and local regulations, an online pharmacy may or may not require prescriptions to purchase prescription medications.

Prices at a given online pharmacy can vary from one city or country to another. Typically, drug prices at online pharmacies located in countries with drug price controls in place (i.e., India, UK, Germany, South Africa) will have more affordable costs. In contrast, costs at pharmacies in countries where there are no drug price controls (i.e., U.S.) will usually be much higher. Especially for consumers seeking low-priced medications, it can be very worthwhile to compare prices at various online pharmacies. Prices can vary as much as 80 percent or more for one medication from one country to another.



Juan Egenau

Juan Egenau Moore (24 February 1927 – 22 April 1987) was a Chilean sculptor.

Egenau first worked in enamel and in engraving on metal.

While studying casting on a Fulbright scholarship in 1968 at the Rhode Island School of Design in Providence, Rhode Island, he developed a way of modelling for sand-casting in aluminium.


Foramen magnum

The foramen magnum is one of several holes in the base of the skull. Normally the spinal cord is attached to it.
The Foramen Magnum is the largest aperture in the primate body. This hole is located in the base of the human skull as part of the occipital bone, back of the monkey skull and in between those locations for apes. It is directly correlated with locomotion ( Humans are bipedal, monkeys quadrupedal and apes are knuckle walkers. )

Bipedalism

Bipedalism is a form of movement on the ground. Some tetrapods have evolved the ability to move on two limbs. Those that do, use their rear limbs. Some animals move on two limbs all the time, they are called "habitual bipeds". "Optional bipeds" can move on two or four legs.

Early quadruped animals used all four limbs for locomotion but many later ones are bipedal. The earliest dinosaurs were bipedal but millions of years later some reverted and became quadrupeds. Birds are descendants of bipedal dinosaurs, and are bipeds themselves. Their forelimbs have become wings. 

Some optional bipeds stand on two legs to drive away competitors and predators, to see farther, or as body language. Their locomotion is on four limbs. 


Taung Child

The Taung Child is a fossil of a skull. The skull also has an imprint of the brain. It belongs to an "Australopithecus africanus". It was discovered in 1924 by a quarryman working for the Northern Lime Company in Taung, South Africa. Raymond Dart, an anatomist at the University of Witwatersrand, looked at the fossil, and saw its importance. Dart published his account in the journal "Nature" in 1925, describing it as a new species. 

British anthropologists at the time believed in the Piltdown Man. This hoax had a large brain and ape-like teeth – the exact opposite of the Taung Child – so Dart's finding was not appreciated for decades.

The fossil consists of most of the skull, face and mandible with teeth. It also has a natural endocast (imprint) of the braincase. It is about 2.5 million years old.

Taung Child is believed to have been about three years old at the time of its death. It was a creature standing 3' 6" (105 cm) at approximately 20-24 pounds. Taung Child had a cranial capacity of 340 cc, living mainly in a savanna habitat. Examinations of Taung Child compared to that of an equivalent 9-year-old child suggest that "A. africanus" had a growth rate to adolescence which is about the same as that found in modern apes like chimpanzees rather than that of modern "Homo sapiens". However, later species such as "Homo ergaster"/"Homo erectus" went through growth at rates between modern humans and apes. The evidence has mostly been based on that of Turkana boy discovered in 1984.

In early 2006 it was announced that the Taung Child was likely killed by an eagle (or similar large predatory bird). This conclusion was reached by noting similarities in the damage to the skull and eye sockets of the Taung Child to the skulls of primates known to have been killed by modern eagles.

The left hand side of the endocast of the Taung child is covered in beautiful calcium carbonate crystals.

Its significance lies in the fact that this was the first of the fossils which had been found in the twenties and thirties to provide evidence that humans indeed have a 'natural history' all of their own – just as Darwin had predicted. 

The skull is now in repository at the University of Witwatersrand.


Dennis Rodman

Dennis Keith Rodman (born May 13, 1961) played basketball in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1986 to 2000. He won two championships with the Detroit Pistons and three more with the Chicago Bulls. Even though he was only 6'7" tall, many people think he was the best rebounder in NBA history. He led the NBA in rebounding for a record seven straight seasons. Only Wilt Chamberlain led the NBA in rebounding for more total seasons in a career. Rodman has the highest rebound rate since the statistic began in 1970-71. Although Rodman began his career as a bench player, he holds the highest rebounds per game average since offensive and defensive rebounds began in 1973-74. When he became a full-time starter, Rodman often got more rebounds than the other team's starting players got combined. He could predict where missed shots would go and knew how to tip the ball to himself for a rebound. Rodman watched film of player's shots to become a better rebounder. Rodman is also known as one of the greatest defensive players of all time, and not just for his defensive rebounds, but his hustle defense. During his time with the Detroit Pistons, Rodman was considered by many to be the best defensive basketball player in the world (Hakeem Olajuwon was the other main contender for the title), as highlighted by his back-to-back NBA Defensive Player of the Year Awards in 1990 and 1991.

Rodman was famous for dyeing his hair different colors and having many tattoos and body piercings, which he began to have after being traded by the Detroit Pistons. He has been in a few movies and television programs.

His nicknames are Worm (later called The Worm), Dennis the Menace, D-Rod, Rodzilla (which he named himself towards the end of the Bulls championship dynasty), Demolition Man, and El Loco (given to him by Spanish-language announcers, which translates as "The Madman").


Coconut water

Coconut water is the liquid inside young coconuts. Coconut water is a popular drink in tropical islands especially in tropical Asia, Pacific Islands, and the Caribbean. It is packaged and sold. It is sometimes sold as a sports drink, but not everyone agrees that it should be called a sports drink. Coconuts hold the most water when they are young and green. Coconuts in different parts of the world do not taste the same. Pakistani Coconuts are salty, and Brazilian Coconuts have sweeter water. The water inside dark brown rotted coconuts is bitter.

Ralph Ellison

Ralph Waldo Ellison (March 1, 1913–April 16, 1994) was an African-American writer. He was born in Oklahoma and studied at the Tuskegee Institute. 

Ellison is most famous for writing "Invisible Man", a novel about racism and African American identity. The narrator of the book calls himself an invisible man because people refuse to see him for who he really is. "Invisible Man" won a National Book Award and is still read today by many students and scholars. 

Besides "Invisible Man", Ellison wrote many essays. He was very interested in music, especially jazz. He started a second novel, called "Juneteenth", but never finished it. 


Federal government of the United States

The federal government of the United States has three branches of government: the legislature, executive, and judiciary, as established in the United States Constitution. 

When the Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution, they wanted to make sure that their new government would not have any of the problems that the colonial British government did. For example, they did not want there to be any person in the government who had complete power and could do whatever he wanted, like a king. They also did not want any part of the government to get so powerful that nobody could control it. Because of this, they split the government's power into three different branches. Each branch has ways of balancing out the power of another branch if it gets too powerful. This is called the system of checks and balances.

The executive branch is the part of the government that enforces the law. Members of the U.S. Electoral College elect a President, who is the leader of the executive branch. The President is also the leader of the Armed Forces.
The President cannot make laws. This is a "check" on the President's power, so he cannot make laws to give himself more power. However, when the Legislative branch passes a law, the President can decide whether or not to veto the law. In this way, the President can "check" the power of the Legislature.

The President may also make "executive orders" to make sure that people follow the law. One famous executive order was President Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation. Another was President Dwight D. Eisenhower's order to send 1,200 soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division to allow the Little Rock Nine into a school that refused to admit African American students.

The President is in charge of many departments that control much of the day-to-day business of government. For example, the Department of Commerce makes rules about trade and business. The President chooses the heads of these departments, and also nominates judges at the federal (nation-wide) level. However, the United States Senate, part of the legislative branch, must agree with all of the people the President chooses. This is another check on the President's power, so he cannot just fill these departments and courts with people that will always agree with him.

The President may serve two 4-year terms, making 8 years in all. The purpose of this rule is to prevent a person from staying President for his whole life, like a king. In special times, the President could serve more than this, but the Constitution does not allow them to be President for more than 10 years.

The Judiciary branch is made up of federal courts: the United States Supreme Court; 13 appellate (appeals) courts, and 94 district courts, as well as some other special courts. The Judicial branch interprets the laws. This means that if there is a question about what a law means, or whether something is illegal, these courts decide.
The duties of the judicial branch include:


Most cases brought before the Supreme Court are appeals that have been tried in the district or appellate courts, but the Supreme Court does not have to accept a case. Once a decision has been made by the Supreme Court, that is the final decision. Only another Supreme Court decision, in another case, can change it.

Of the nine Supreme Court justices (judges), one is selected to be the Chief Justice. The Chief Justice assigns justices to write the Court's opinions and decisions.

Cases normally go through trial with a judge, and sometimes a jury, in the District Courts. If a Defendant thinks that their rights were violated, or denied to them, during trial, then they can appeal to a Court of Appeals. These court hearings are decided on by a group of three judges, with no jury.

The legislative branch is the part of the government that makes laws. The legislative branch is called Congress. Congress is divided into two "houses."

One house is the United States House of Representatives (often just called "The House"). The House of Representatives is made up of Representatives (also called Congressmen). They are each elected by voters from their own state. Each state has a different number of Representatives. The number depends on how many people live in the state. The more people a state has, the more representatives it gets. Every 10 years, the U.S. Census Bureau does a census, or count, of the population of the United States. States may gain or lose Representatives if the Census shows that the state's population has changed. As of 2016, there are 435 Representatives in the House.

Representatives serve two-year terms. The leader of the House of Representatives is the Speaker of the House, who is also the person who would become president if the President and Vice President were unable.

Every state also has its own state House of Representatives. This should not be confused with the United States House of Representatives. Each state's House of Representatives only deals with issues that affect that state. The United States House of Representatives deals with issues that affect the whole country.

The other house is the United States Senate. In the Senate, each state is represented equally, by two Senators. Because there are 50 states, there are 100 senators. Before the President makes treaties or hires officials, the Senate must approve them.

Senators serve six-year terms. The Vice President of the United States serves as president of the Senate, but may only vote on something to break a tie vote. The Vice President is usually absent from the Senate, and a Senator is selected to serve as president pro tempore, or temporary president, of the Senate.

Each state also has its own state Senate. Like with the House, this should not be confused with the United States Senate, which deals with federal issues.

Representatives and Senators suggest laws, called "bills", in their separate houses. A bill may be voted upon by the entire house right away, or may first go to a small group of members of that house, known as a committee, which may recommend a bill for a vote by the whole house. If one house votes to pass a bill, the bill then gets sent to the other house. if both houses vote for it, it is then sent to the President. The President may sign the bill, ignore it, or veto it. If the President signs or ignores the bill, it becomes a federal law. If the President vetoes the bill, it is sent back to Congress. If Congress votes again and at least two-thirds of Congress votes for the bill, it becomes law. The President cannot veto it again. This is another check on the President's power.

Under the American system of federalism, Congress may not make laws that directly control the states. Instead, Congress may use the promise of federal funds or special situations, such as national emergencies, to encourage the states to follow federal law. This system is both complex and unique.

Executive branch:
Judicial branch:
Legislative branch:
The whole federal government is based on:


Draco Malfoy

Draco Ferret Malfoy is a fictional character from the "Harry Potter" series written by J. K. Rowling. Malfoy is an antagonist, a Slytherin student in Harry Potter's year and Harry's main rival in school. In the "Harry Potter" movies, he is played by Thomas Felton.

The fictional Draco Malfoy is described as having a pale, pointed face, sleek white-blond hair and light icy gray eyes that seem cold.

Draco Malfoy is depicted as a manipulative villain, exhibiting cunning use of magic and an ambitious attitude to get what he wants in the stories. 

Draco Malfoy is the only child of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy, a member of the Black family, whose cousin is Harry Potter's godfather. Draco’s family was “one of the first to come back to the good side after the Wizarding War ended and Voldemort was defeated.” In a stage play towards the end of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2," Malfoy married Astoria Greengrass, a fellow housemate and had an only child, Scorpius Malfoy, who is identical to Draco. Astoria later died from blood malediction in 2017, which leaves Draco devastated.

Draco Malfoy's father taught Draco Malfoy to bully Harry and his friends Ron, Hermione and Neville Longbottom. In the second book, he mocks Hermione by calling her "Mudblood", insulting her for her Muggle origins. In the sixth book of the Harry Potter series, Draco becomes a Death Eater, thinking it will make his father proud. But, he realizes his mistake and when asked by Voldemort to murder Professor Dumbledore, he is unable to do so. Severus Snape commits the murder after he took the unbreakable vow to protect Malfoy. With Dumbledore's death, Malfoy becomes the master of the powerful Elder Wand. He disarms Dumbledore and he is later disarmed by Harry Potter. 

Ducktales: Treasure of the Golden Suns

Ducktales:Treasure of the Golden Suns is the pilot of the series DuckTales.

The shows opens at Duckburg. After Donald Duck enlists in the navy, Uncle Scrooge has to take care of grand-nephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie. Uncle Scrooge brings the boys to the McDuck's mansion where they are presented to Duckworth, the butler. The nephews are forced to sleep in the attic. Days later, Donald sends a letter to the nephews that tells of his experiences in the Navy. The nephews try to follow Uncle Scrooge but they are held by Duckworth in the Hall. After breaking out of the room, the kids leave the mansion and follow Uncle Scrooge to Money Bin, where the boys find a model boat at the museum. Meanwhile, an evil man named El Capitan hires the Beagle Boys (named Bigtime, Bankjob and Burger) to steal a boat model from Scrooge. In the mansion, the nephews hear Scrooge speak ill of them and they run away. 

They see the Beagles entering the Money Bin and decide to stop him. The Beagles have a map of the building, but when they find the nephews, Bigtime orders the other Beagles to catch them. Unfortunately, the Beagles manage to escape with the boat model. The nephews return to the mansion with the map, but Scrooge holds them responsible for the disappearance of the boat and closes them again in the attic. The nephews build a glider with the help of a Junior Woodchucks manual and flee the mansion of Uncle Scrooge. In the theater, El Capitan explains that the boat is really a map that leads to a treasure. The nephews get the boat back and flee to the McDuck candy factory. The Beagles are covered with chocolate and Scrooge apologizes to his nephews for not believing them.
Back at the mansion, the nephews decipher the code written on the map, but refuse to tell Uncle Scrooge unless he lets them participate in the treasure hunt. At that point, Glomgold, a millionaire rival, comes to pay $2,000,000 for Scrooge's candy factory. Glomgold bets that he can make more money in two weeks or he will eat Scrooge's hat. Uncle Scrooge and his nephews rent a cheap plane to go to South America to a place named Ronguay. When they arrive, the people who live there try to run away in the plane because Monsopies are coming, which Uncle Scrooge believes is a festival. 

The ducks get a llama to carry their baggage and supplies to build a camp.

Huey reads in the manual of Junior Woodchucks what Monsopies is. It is not a festival. It is a flood that occurs every 100 years and covers the whole country with water. When the Monsopies begins, the provisions flow away in the mud. The ducks sleep in a cave, but the villains block the exit with a stone. Fortunately the ducks find another exit and also a wrecked boat full of gold. After repairing the boat, they use the flooding waters to navigate out of Ronguay to escape. 

On the sea, El Capitan and Glomgold snap up the boat and leave the heroes in a life-boat. Glomgold tosses one of the golden coins to Scrooge. The boat with all the gold ship sinks and wrecks. Since Uncle Scrooge now has a golden coin from the treasure, he has earned the most money. Glomgold has lost his bet.

PCLinuxOS

PCLinuxOS is a Linux operating system. It is a free operating system for personal computers. It was made to be easy to use.

The start of PCLinuxOS was a set of RPM packages created to improve successive versions of Mandrake Linux (now Mandriva Linux). These packages were created by Bill Reynolds, a packager better known as "Texstar". From the year 2000 to 2003, Texstar maintained his repository of RPM packages in parallel with the PCLinuxOnline Web site. In an interview, Reynolds said he started PCLinuxOS "to provide an outlet for [his] crazy desire to package source code without having to deal with egos, arrogance and politics."

In 2003 Texstar created a fork of Mandrake Linux 9.2 (which was released in October 2003). Working closely with The Live CD Project, Texstar has since developed that fork independently into a full-fledged distribution. The initial releases were successively numbered as "previews" i.e. p5, p7, p8 up to p81a, then p9, p91, p92.

In August 2006 three new CDs/ISOs, numbered 0.93a, were released: "MiniMe", "Junior" and "Big Daddy". At the same time, the original packages that make up the KDE desktop environment were split into smaller ones, while some less essential portions of KDE were not on the CD. As a result, Texstar was able to fit the OpenOffice.org package into the BigDaddy release. MiniMe remains a minimal "Live & Install" CD for experienced users wishing to add their own selection of packages, while Junior adds a few essential desktop-oriented packages, meeting the user somewhere between the two other releases. PCLinuxOS 2008 "MiniMe" edition, was released on 2008-01-07.

With the advent of PCLinuxOS 2007, also known as .94, PCLinuxOS became rebased on Mandriva Linux 2007. This implied a shift to a more modern code which would require a complete reinstall to this version. The new version features a new look, and built-in 3D effects. Both Beryl and Compiz come pre-installed, and can be configured with the PCLOS Control Center. A new logo was designed for the new version, and is incorporated in the boot screen. A new login screen has been designed, entitled "Dark". PCLinuxOS 2007 final version was released on 2007-05-21.

PCLinuxOS Gnome 2008, a remastered, community edition of PCLinuxOS featuring the GNOME 2.21.2 desktop (and sporting a look similar to Microsoft's Windows Vista), was released on March 21, 2008, and is currently hosted at linuxgator.org .

PCLinuxOS is distributed as a Live CD, which can also be installed to a local hard disk drive. When used as a Live CD, it can work with a USB flash drive, where the user's configuration and personal data are saved. The entire CD can be copied to and run from memory (if the system has sufficient RAM) increasing speed. PCLinuxOS uses the Advanced Packaging Tool (or APT), a package management system (originally from the Debian distribution), together with Synaptic Package Manager, a GUI front end to APT, in order to add, remove or update packages. If there is enough memory on the machine and a network connection, the Live CD can update packages. PCLinuxOS is also designed to be easy to remaster after installation, creating a personalized CD, using the mklivecd tool.

Although it retains a similar "look and feel" to Mandriva Linux, PCLinuxOS has changed significantly. The code was officially forked into an independent project in 2003, but after three years of contiguous development, the devs took advantage of further development in (the renamed) Mandriva, and forked the code again for PCLinuxOS 2007.

PCLinuxOS maintains its own software repository, available via the Advanced Packaging Tool and its Synaptic front-end, completely replacing Mandriva's urpmi. PCLinuxOS endeavors to maintain a fully valid upgrade path for version 1.0. This means that an installation could be continuously updated to the latest versions of packages, without the need to re-install the entire distribution upon each successive release. In the test releases before 1.0, it has sometimes been necessary to perform a reinstallation.

Other differences include its own menu arrangement and custom graphics and icon sets.

PCLinuxOS places specific emphasis on desktop computing, concentrating its efforts for home or small business environments, hence paying less attention to other more "traditional" uses, like servers (although packages for most server tasks are available).

There are several community projects associated with PCLinuxOS. Since PCLOS includes the mklivecd script, there are several third-party distributions based on PCLOS. Some include: 

The PCLinuxOS Magazine project is a community driven free publication focused on the users of PCLinuxOS by MyPCLinuxOS.com. This online publication was started in September 2006 by a group of PCLOS users with some publication experience. All content for the publication is solicited from the PCLOS user base.

The PCLinuxOS beautification project encourages and hosts user submitted media for visual aspects of PCLinuxos.

All the above projects are tracked and have forums on the larger MyPCLinuxOS , whose stated purpose is to be "the home site of all community projects related to PCLinuxOS", and offers help and support "whether you're looking to start a project,[or] join a project"



Nutrition

Nutrition provides the cells of an organism with food, in a form they can use. Organisms need food to be able to keep their bodies working properly. They also need food to be able to do certain things. Malnutrition can happen when a person does not eat the right amount of nutrients. They can get better by changing their diet to have the right amount of the various nutrients.

Different organisms have different food requirements, and they eat different things in order to meet those requirements. Animals that do not eat meat, for example, will have to get certain nutrients like protein from other foods.

A nutrition expert is called a dietician. Nutritionists are different because they do not need the government to recognize them as experts. Anyone can call themselves a nutritionist.

The six main types of nutrient are carbohydrates, fats, minerals, protein, vitamins, and water. A macronutrient is a nutrient that needs to be eaten a lot. A micronutrient, such as a vitamin, is needed in smaller amounts, but it is still important. Carbohydrates are not needed by the body but most people eat a lot of them. Complex carbohydrates are more nutritious than simple carbohydrates. Complex carbohydrates are found in vegetables while simple carbohydrates are found in processed foods. They take longer to digest because they have more fiber. Because they stay in the stomach for longer they leave the person who has eaten them feeling fuller for longer. Protein is needed for building cells. It is found in milk, meat, fish, beans, eggs and other foods like quinoa. Protein is made of amino acids.

Fat is found naturally in some foods. People often eat it in processed foods such as cakes and chocolate. It is high in energy. Omega 3 and omega 6 fats are needed by the body. There are saturated fats and unsaturated fats. It is recommended that people avoid the saturated type. It has been linked with heart disease. Trans fats is also a fat people should avoid. A lot of people think that fat is bad in general, but it is still controversial. People are also advised not to eat too much sugar or salt.

Most people eat three meals a day. Eating every few hours keeps blood sugar stable. Some foods are good for us and some foods are bad.


Lei (Hawaii)

A lei is a flower necklace from Hawaii. The flower used most is the hibiscus or the orchid. May First is called "Lei Day" in Hawaii.

Orchid

The orchids are a large family of flowering plants, the Orchidaceae. They are herbaceous monocots.

There are between 22,000 and 26,000 species in 880 genera. They make up between 6 and 11% of all seed plants. Orchids can be found in almost every country in the world except for Antarctica.

People have grown orchids for a number of years. They grow orchids for show, for science, or for food (for example, vanilla).

Some orchids have very special ways of pollination. For example, the Lady's Slipper can trap insects and make them pollinate the flower. Another instance is the Austrian orchid, which grows underground and is pollinated by ants.

Many orchids are myco-heterotrophs, meaning their roots need fungi to break down organic material for them to absorb.

Colombia and Ecuador have many different species. The Brazilian Atlantic Forest has over 1500 species. Other places with great variety are the mountains in the southern Himalayas in India and China. The mountains of Central America and southeastern Africa also have various species, especially on the island of Madagascar.

Ecuador has 3459 species, the greatest number recorded. After Ecuador is Colombia, which has 2723.[2] Following Colombia are New Guinea (2717 species) and Brazil (2590 species).

In warm places where there is much grass, or in places where there is dry savanna and rocky fields, orchids grow in the ground. They have firm underground roots and sometimes have tubers to help protect themselves against cold or snow. The tubers also help protect them against long droughts or fires. The cold would freeze the roots if they were not protected to store the nutrients they need for blooming in the spring.

It is thought that some species are becoming extinct in the wild. This is mainly because people cut down forests for agriculture.

The complex cross-pollination mechanisms were described by Charles Darwin in his 1862 book, "The Fertilization of Orchids". Orchids have developed special pollination systems. The chances of being pollinated are often scarce, so orchid flowers usually remain receptive for very long periods, and most orchids deliver pollen in a single mass. Each time pollination succeeds, thousands of ovules can be fertilized. "Catasetum", a genus discussed briefly by Darwin, actually launches its sticky pollinia with explosive force when an insect touches a seta (hair), knocking the pollinator off the flower.

Pollinators are often visually attracted by the shape and color of the flower. The flowers may produce attractive odors. In some extremely specialized orchids, such as the Eurasian genus "Ophrys", the labellum is adapted to have a color, shape, and odour that attracts male insects via mimicry of a receptive female. Pollination happens as the insect attempts to mate with flowers.

Many neotropical orchids are pollinated by male orchid bees, which visit the flowers to gather the volatile chemicals they require to synthesize pheromonal attractants. Each type of orchid places the pollinia on a different body part of a different species of bee, so as to enforce proper cross-pollination. After pollination, the sepals and petals fade and wilt, but they usually remain attached to the ovary.

An underground orchid in Australia, "Rhizanthella slateri", is never exposed to light and depends on ants and other terrestrial insects to pollinate it.

Some orchids mainly or totally rely on self-pollination, especially in colder regions where pollinators are rare.

The ovary typically develops into a capsule that splits along three or six longitudinal slits, while remaining closed at both ends. The ripening of a capsule can take two to 18 months.

The seeds are extremely small and very numerous, in some species over a million per capsule. After ripening, they blow off like dust particles or spores. They lack the food reserve called endosperm, so must have symbiosis with fungi to get nutrients to germinate. All orchid species rely on fungi to complete their lifecycles. As the chance for a seed to meet a fitting fungus is very small, only a minute fraction of all the seeds released grow into adult plants.

In cultivation, germination typically takes weeks. Horticultural techniques have been devised for germinating seeds on a nutrient-containing gel, so they do not need the fungus for germination.

The main component for the sowing of orchids in artificial conditions is agar. The substance is put together with some type of carbohydrate (actually, some kind of glucose) which provides qualitative organic feed. Such substance may be banana, pineapple, peach or even tomato puree or coconut milk. After the "cooking" of the agar agar (it has to be cooked in sterile conditions), the mix is poured into test tubes or jars where the substance begins to gel.


Lei

Lei could mean:


LEI could mean:

LEIS might mean:

Steve Buscemi

Steven Vincent Buscemi (born December 13, 1957) is an American actor, director, producer, writer and former firefighter. He is best known for his roles as Mr. Pink in "Reservoir Dogs", Carl Showalter in "Fargo", and Seymour in "Ghost World". With a long career, he has worked in several movies and television shows like "The Sopranos" and "The Simpsons". He was married to Jo Andres from 1987 until her death in 2019. They have a son, Lucian Buscemi.


Survey

Survey could mean:







Closet

A closet is a small room in which people put their clothes. It is usually not bigger than a garage or a basement. It is not a wardrobe, it is a room. Some people put things inside it other than clothes.

FreeDOS

FreeDOS is a free and open source operating system. It is made to work just like MS-DOS. Almost all programs that will run on MS-DOS will run on FreeDOS too. It was created because Microsoft did not want to make MS-DOS anymore. FreeDOS can be installed with a floppy or with a CD.


List of The Buzz on Maggie Episodes

This article contains information on every episode in Disney's "The Buzz on Maggie".

Maggie wants to see an FM-rated movie called The Flyinator 3, but she gets frightened from seeing it. And when she comes home, her entire family, even Bella, turn into a bunch of Flyinators, but that's only in Maggie's imagination.

A ladybug comes to Buzzdale Academy and bosses other students, and lies about what a superior life she had in Beverly Gardens, but Maggie unveils the lies.

When Maggie realizes that her older brother, Aldrin, can beat Pupert, Maggie's younger brother, at everyething, she devises a new game called "funball" so that Pupert can beat Aldrin at something. But Aldrin gets the hang of things and eventually wins.

Coahoma County, Mississippi

Coahoma County is a county in the northwestern part of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 21,390 people lived there. Its capital is Clarksdale. It was started on February 9, 1836. "Coahoma" is a Choctaw word that means "red panther."

Province of Trento

The Province of Trento (), also called Trentino, is an autonomous province of Italy.

Trentino is an alpine region of northern Italy. The population has been neolatin since the fall of the Roman empire. Trentino and Trento are famous tourist destinations.

During the Middle Ages the Catholic Church controlled Trento, while Austria controlled the area since the beginning of the Renaissance.

In the 16th century Trento became notable for the Council of Trent (1545–1563) which started the Counter-Reformation. The introduction of the Counter-Reformation in Trentino brought also a general recovery of Italian language over German, as the Protestant ideas had found more followers in the small German-speaking population.

During WWI, Trentino was at the center of bloody battles between Italians and Austrians: Trentino was united to Italy in 1918. Italian irredentism welcomed the union. It was followed by fascist improvements of the Italian nationalism in Trentino.

In the 1960s and 1970s Trentino witnessed strong economic development, spurred mainly by tourism and by the new autonomy. It is currently one of the richest and most developed Italian provinces.

Its capital is the town of Trento, historically known in English as "Trent". The province covers an area of more than , with a total population of about 0.5 million.

In 1996, the "Euroregion Tyrol-South Tyrol-Trentino" was formed between the Austrian state of Tyrol and the Italian provinces of Alto Adige/South Tyrol and Trentino. The boundaries of the association correspond to the old County of Tyrol. The aim is to promote regional peace, understanding and cooperation in many areas. The region's assemblies meet together as one on various occasions and have set up a common office to the European Union in Brussels.


King Power Stadium

The King Power Stadium is a football stadium in Leicester, England, where Leicester City Football Club play their home football matches. Built to replace the aging filbert street ground, it can have up to 32,500 people inside it, more than 10,000 more than the ground it replaced. Originally called the Walkers Stadium, it was renamed to the King Power Stadium in 2011 following the end of the sponsorship deal, and re-branded the King Power Stadium following a take over by the current club owners and consultation with fans.

Botoșani

Botoşani (pronunciation in Romanian: is the capital city of Botoşani County, in the northern part of Moldavia, Romania. It has a population of 115,609 people as of the year 2002

Today, it is best known as the birthplace of many celebrated Romanians, including Mihai Eminescu and Nicolae Iorga.

Football is represented in Botoşani by the team FC Botoşani.

Little Ice Age

The Little Ice Age (LIA) was a period of cooling after the so-called Medieval Warm Period.

Climatologists (people who study climate) and historians find it difficult to agree on either the start or end dates of this period. Some say the Little Ice Age started about the 16th century and continued to the mid 19th century. It is generally agreed that there were three minima, one beginning about 1650, one about 1770, the last one about 1850. Each time was separated by slight warming intervals.
At first, it was believed that the LIA was all over the world. Now it is not clear if this is true.

During the period 1645–1715, in the middle of the Little Ice Age, there was a period of low solar activity known as the Maunder Minimum. The physical link between low sunspot activity and cooling temperatures has not been established, but the coincidence of the Maunder Minimum with the deepest trough of the Little Ice Age is suggestive of such a connection. The Spörer Minimum has also been identified with a significant cooling period near the beginning of the Little Ice Age. Other indicators of low solar activity during this period are levels of the isotopes carbon-14 and beryllium-10.

Throughout the Little Ice Age, the world also experienced heightened volcanic activity. When a volcano erupts, its ash reaches high into the atmosphere and can spread to cover the whole of Earth. This ash cloud blocks out some of the incoming solar radiation, leading to worldwide cooling that can last up to two years after an eruption.

Another possibility is that there was a shutdown or slowing of Thermohaline circulation, also known as the "great ocean conveyor" or "meridional overturning circulation". The Gulf Stream could have been interrupted by the introduction of a large amount of fresh water to the North Atlantic, possibly caused by a period of warming before the little ice age. There is some concern that shutdown of thermohaline circulation could happen again as a result of global warming.

Beginning around 1850, the climate began warming and the Little Ice Age ended. Some global warming critics believe that Earth's climate is still recovering from the Little Ice Age and that human activity is not the decisive factor in present temperature trends, but this idea is not widely accepted.


Michael Morgan

Michael Morgan is the name of several people:


Trade route

A trade route is a series of paths or roads that is used for the commercial transport of cargo.

Historically, the period from 1500 BC–1 AD saw the Western Asian, Mediterranean, Chinese and Indian societies develop major networks for trade, such as the silk road. Europe's early trading routes included the amber road, which served as a network for long distance trade. Maritime trade along the spice route became prominent during the Middle Ages; nations tried to control this influential route. During the Middle Ages organizations such as the Hanseatic League, aimed at protecting interests of the merchants and trade, also became increasingly important.

In modern times, commercial activity shifted from the major trade routes of the Old World to newer routes between modern nation states. This activity was sometimes carried out without traditional protection of trade and under international free trade agreements, which allowed commercial goods to cross borders with relaxed restrictions. Innovative transportation of the modern times includes pipeline transport, and the relatively well known trade using rail routes, automobiles and cargo airlines. In some select cases, pipelines can even transport solids, such as coal and other minerals, over long distances; short-distance transportation of goods such as grain, cement, concrete, solid wastes, pulp etc. is also feasible.



Zircon

Zircon is a silicate mineral. It is found in many different places in almost all kinds of rock. The chemical it is made up of is called "zirconium silicate": ZrSiO. Clear zircon may look like diamond and has been used as a cheaper replacement for diamond. It is not the same as cubic zirconia, which is man-made zirconium dioxide. In the United States, zircon is considered to be the birth stone for the month of December.

Zircons from the Jack Hills in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane, Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia, have yielded U–Pb (uranium–lead radioactive dating) ages up to 4.404 billion years. This is judged to be the age of crystallization, making them the oldest minerals so far dated on Earth. In addition, the oxygen isotopic compositions of some of these zircons indicate that more than 4.4 billion years ago there was already water on the surface of the Earth. This interpretation is supported by additional trace element data, but is also the subject of debate.

Labradorite

Labradorite is one kind of feldspar. It is a silicate mineral, and is special because it is often pretty enough to be used in jewelry. Some kinds of labradorite are called moonstone or sunstone.

Beryl

Beryl is a cyclosilicate, and is the second main ore of beryllium metal. It is sometimes found as very, very large crystals, as much as 18 m. (59 ft.) long. Colored clear beryl is often used for jewelry, including emerald (green), aquamarine (bluegreen), bixbite (red), morganite (pink), and heliodor (golden).

Hallstatt

Hallstatt is a village in Upper Austria. Currently, a little over 900 people live there. It is in the Salzkammergut, a mountain regionin Austria. It lies on a lake. 

Because of its position, Hallstatt could only be reached by boat (or by using narrow, difficult mountain trails) for a long time. At the end of the 19th century a road was built. Despite this, even in the Neolithic people might have lived there. This is because there is a lot of natural salt there. In 1846, Johann Georg Ramsauer (a salt miner) found a cemetery from the neolithic age just above the village. A cultural epoch in Europe is named after this. It is called Hallstatt culture. Other finds in the region include a Shoe-last celt (a special kind of wedge, probably used to treat wood). A blacksmith site has also been excavatzed. 

Today, the village lives mainly on tourism. There is a copy of the village in China.

Mayflower Compact

The Mayflower Compact was the first governing document of Plymouth Colony. It was drafted by the Pilgrims who crossed the Atlantic on the "Mayflower", looking for the freedom to belive in Christianity according to their own beliefs in God. It was signed on 11 November 1620 (OS) by 41 of the ship's more than one hundred passengers, where they first landed. According to the customs of the time, the signers were all male. Of the 41 men who signed the Compact, 21 died during the first year in United States of America.

This is a list of names of the 41 men who signed the Compact.

John Piper

John Piper could mean:

John Piper (theologian)

John Stephen Piper (born January 11, 1946, Chattanooga, Tennessee) is a Reformed Baptist theologian, preacher, and author. He is the pastor for preaching of Bethlehem Baptist Church in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and has written many books. He started the evangelical ministry named "Desiring God", after his book "Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist".

Piper was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He is the son of Bill and Ruth Piper. When he and his older sister were still young, the Pipers moved to Greenville, South Carolina where he spent the rest of his childhood. He later graduated from Wade Hampton High School. His father was an evangelist who worked with international radio and Bible programs until his death on March 6, 2007.

Piper went to Wheaton College in 1964-68. He majored in literature, and minored in philosophy. Because he studied Romantic Literature in college, he went on to enjoy it in life. Today he writes poems for special family events, as well as writing story-poems about the lives of biblical people.

After college, he studied for and received a Bachelor of Divinity degree from Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena, California (1968-71). While there, he took several courses where he studied the writings of Jonathan Edwards. He also did some doctoral work in New Testament Studies in Munich, West Germany from 1971-1974.

In 1980, after what he said was something that he could not turn down, he became a preacher. Piper became Pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He has been working there ever since. Piper became popular when his book "Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist" was published. He has written many books since. In 1994, he started Desiring God Ministries. Today "Desiring God" puts all of Piper's sermons and articles from the last three decades online for free, as well as offering books, CDs, and DVDs.

On January 11, 2006, Piper was told that he had prostate cancer. According to a letter sent to his church, he and his doctors thought that the cancer was not a big problem. When Piper talked about this he said, "This news has, of course, been good for me. The most dangerous thing in the world is the sin of self-reliance and the stupor of worldliness. The news of cancer has a wonderfully blasting effect on both. I thank God for that. The times with Christ in these days have been unusually sweet." Piper had surgery on February 14, 2006. He married Noël Henry in 1968, and they now have four sons, a daughter, and several grandchildren.

Piper calls himself a Christian Hedonist and teaches that "God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in him." He also teaches that God's highest pursuit and man's deepest happiness are the same in one pursuit – namely, ""the pursuit of joy in God."" He was learned this theory in the writings of Jonathan Edwards, Blaise Pascal, and C. S. Lewis, among others. 

Piper believes in justification by faith alone apart from good works. His teachings talk about the need for the Christian to have faith, sanctification, as this is evidence of God's saving grace. Piper says that someone who says they are a Christian, but does not act Christian, shows that they were never a true believer.

Piper believes in the Post-Tribulational view of the Rapture and leans towards historical premillennialism. He believes that Romans 11 teaches many ethnic Israeli people will be saved at Jesus' second coming.

Piper is very neutral about the Torah in Judaism. He says that it was made by God to reveal sin and show that man does not live up to God's righteous standards. Christians, living under the New Testament, are not under the Old Testament law, and are able to complete it through faith in Jesus Christ.

Piper teaches that God has only one chosen people, mostly Jews in the Old Testament. but he believes now that relationship has been won by the Christian church. So, the Church is rightful inheritor of all the promises made to Israel, and Jews who do not take Jesus as Messiah have no right to this blessing.

On the topic of spiritual gifts, Piper believes that supernatural gifts such as miracles, healings, and speaking in tongues are around today. He does not believe that the job of apostle is worked today. He also believes that the gift of prophecy in the church is from God, (that is inspired by Him) but is not infallible because of the medium (namely men). Thus, while prophecies are to be embraced scripture reveals that they be sifted or tested in order to decipher that which is good (i.e.in accord with God's revealed word, the Bible).


Most of Piper's books can be read online for free at Desiring God.org


Bill Gates

William Henry Gates III (born October 28, 1955) is an American businessman and the co-founder and former chairman of Microsoft. He is the third-richest person in the world behind Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk in net worth as of January 2021. 

William Henry Gates III was born on October 28, 1955 at Swedish Medical Center in Seattle, Washington, U.S. He has British and German ancestry. His father William H. Gates, Sr. was a lawyer. His mother Mary Maxwell Gates served on the board of directors for First Interstate Banksystem and the United Way. His parents wanted him to be a lawyer. At the age of 13, Bill went to Lakeside High School.

He was a freshman at Harvard University in 1973. He left Harvard to make software. Bill Gates saw an opportunity to transform the personal computer, which was expensive and difficult to use. He decided that computers could be made less expensive and easier to use. Gates started Microsoft in 1975 with Paul Allen in the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Gates then went on to develop the Windows operating system, which at first wasn't well-received but with time became the most used system in the world.

In 2006, Gates announced he was going to quit his job at Microsoft. This was so he could do more charity work with his wife, Melinda. Their charity is called the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Gates' philanthropy projects have included vaccination of children in sub-Saharan Africa, scholarship programs in the United States, and a mission to help organize other billionaires to redistribute their wealth. He likes to give money and support to human rights, education, and technological innovation.

Gates stepped down from his CEO position in Microsoft in 1998 and Steve Ballmer did the job instead. On June 16, 2007, Microsoft said that Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, will come in on a day-to-day schedule to continue working with his charity organization full-time for the years to come. On 2014, Satya Nadella became the new CEO of Microsoft and Bill Gates came back as the Chief Technology Adviser. On March 13, 2020, Bill Gates completely left Microsoft so that he can focus on charity work. He is now focusing on charity work for climate change, global health and development, and education.

He was awarded an honorary knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II in 2005 for his services to philanthropy and charity. As an American citizen, he cannot be called "Sir Bill Gates", but can use the letters "KBE" after his name.

Melinda French divorced with Bill Gates since May 3, 2021. Even though they divorced, they stated that they will keep working on charity events.

In 1986, Gates took Microsoft public. The company's stock was worth $520 million. Gates owned 45 percent of the stock himself, which was worth $234 million. The company continued its rapid growth and the stock price soared. At one point, Gates' stock was worth over $100 billion. This made him the richest man in the world, until October 2017, when Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos became even richer than him.

He was the richest man in the world. In October 2017, his net worth was surpassed by Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos. Bezos had an estimated net worth of US$90.6 billion compared to Gates's net worth of US$89.9 billion at the time. As of January 2021, Gates had an estimated net worth of US$163 billion, making him the third-richest person in the world. And now, he is the third-richest person in the world behind Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk in net worth as of January 2021.

Bill Gates enjoys reading. He owns a large home library, and its ceiling is decorated with a quote from "The Great Gatsby". He also enjoys playing bridge, tennis and golf. Every day, he writes down a daily schedule for every minute of the day, similarly to the U.S. president's schedule. Even though Gates is rich and frequently travels to work, he formerly flew in an economy class aircraft until 1997. Since 1997, the year when he bought a private jet, he travels in his private jet instead.
In 2016, he revealed that he was color-blind.

On May 10, 2022, Gates said that he tested positive for COVID-19. He was experiencing mild symptoms of COVID-19. Gates has received three doses of the COVID-19 vaccine.



Fibula (brooch)

A Fibula is an ancient brooch. (Plural: fibulae). Technically, the latin term fibulae meant Roman brooches, but the term is widely used for brooches from the entire ancient and early medieval world. Unlike modern brooches, fibulae were not only decorative, they originally served a practical function: to fasten clothes, including cloaks. Fibulae replaced straight pins that were used to fasten clothing in the Neolithic period and Bronze Age. In turn, fibulae were replaced as clothing fasteners in the Middle Ages by buttons. Their descendent, the modern safety pin, remains in use today.

There are hundreds of different types and variations of fibulae. They are usually divided into families or groups based on historical period, geography and/or cultural grouping. Fibulae are also divided into classes based on their general forms.


United States Supreme Court building

The Supreme Court building is home of the Supreme Court of the United States. It is in Washington, D.C. It was designed in the neoclassical style by an architect named Cass Gilbert.

Bethlehem Baptist Church

Bethlehem Baptist Church can mean:

Bethlehem Baptist Church (Minneapolis)

The Bethlehem Baptist Church (BBC) is a megachurch in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The church was started in 1871 as the First Swedish Baptist Church of Minneapolis. Since 1980, their pastor has been John Piper.


Megachurch

A megachurch is a large church. It usually has around 2,000 or more people come every week. About 1,300 Protestant churches are megachurches.


T.N.T. (song)

"T.N.T." is a 1976 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and was taken from their second studio album of the same name. It went to number 19 in Australia. It was covered by American heavy metal band Anthrax in 2013.

Medieval Warm Period

The Medieval Warm Period (MWP) or Medieval Climate Optimum was a time of unusually warm climate in the North Atlantic region. It was not a planet-wide phenomena. It lasted from about the tenth century to about the fourteenth century. In discussions of global warming this period is often mentioned. 

Some refer to the event as the Medieval Climatic Anomaly because this term emphasizes that effects other than temperature were important.




Motor sports

Motor sports are sports where the people taking part use a motor vehicle. The usual vehicles are a car, motorcycle or boat. Some motor sports use aircraft or snowmobiles.

Motor sports can be based either on speed (the first one to reach the finish line wins) or on skill (the one with the least amount of penalty points wins). Speed-based motor sports are often called "races". Motor sports based on skill are often called "trials".

Well known motor sports are rally, Formula 1 and Nascar.

Niagara IceDogs

The Niagara IceDogs are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1998. The team currently plays in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). They play their home games in St. Catharines, Ontario at the Meridian Centre.


Haan

Haan is a town of the district of Mettmann in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany. Since 1975, Gruiten belongs to Haan.

Haan is twinned with:

The local Gymnasium is also twinned with Liceo Scientifico of Forte dei Marmi, Italy.


Gas chamber

A gas chamber is an airtight room used for killing people or animals with poison gas. The people or animals are put into the gas chamber, the door is sealed airtight from the outside, and a gas, such as carbon monoxide or hydrogen cyanide, is put into the chamber. The victims die from inhaling the poisonous gas.

In the United States, prisons have used gas chambers to execute prisoners who have been sentenced to death. The first person in the United States to be executed in a gas chamber was Gee Jon, in a prison in Nevada, in 1924. The government of Nevada did not want to use an electric chair, and thought hanging was cruel and inhumane.

The gas chamber is usually a small chamber, which is made air-tight with a door (typically with rubber strips around) into which the prisoner is escorted and either placed or fastened to a chair with straps, and left inside. After this, the gas is inserted either through a hose or a pellet is dropped into a solution which combined produces deadly gas, and the person(s) is asphyxiated within minutes. In the United States, one or two people maximum were executed at a time, although recently it has become extremely uncommon. After California stopped using it in favour of lethal injection, it became nearly redundant. But it is still possible in several states, typically as a second method, in case there would not be drugs for an injection to be performed, or if the prisoner prefers to be executed by gas for any reason.

Recently, there have been proposals and a law has been enacted in Oklahoma for a variation, so-called nitrogen gas, either by chamber or a mask. It is believed to be less painful and anxious than the method previously used. In the beginning, actually, the idea of a gas chamber was to let the prisoner condemned to death sleep in a cell which would then be exposed to lethal gas during the night, without the prisoner's knowledge. However, because of poor isolation techniques it was too difficult and so the gas chamber was introduced instead. It was introduced in several states, including Mississippi, North Carolina, Missouri, Colorado, California, Arizona and New Mexico, but it never was as popular as the electric chair and later execution by injection. The method is in fact expensive and thought to be painful because the prisoner must breathe deeply to hasten the death, which is difficult when the body wants to reject the fumes. (With nitrogen, it is different because the body doesn't reject it as strange or fatal.) It is also extremely dangerous to the audience and personnel in case there is a leak, and impossible to halt in case there is an attempt to stop the execution, such as in the cases of Caryl Chessman and Burton Abbott. In the case of an electric current or injection the switch can be turned off and the needle ripped out, and while it might not be enough there is no risk for the people trying to save the prisoner. In one case, when the mechanism jammed, the executioner had to drop the pellet into the acid (producing the deadly fumes beneath the chair where the prisoner was sitting) and jump out of the chamber as the warden stood ready to slam the door and tighten it.

By the 1990s, the gas chamber had become unpopular in the United States. It never became as popular as execution by electric chair or (more recently) lethal injection. When Donald Eugene Harding was executed in Arizona in 1992, witnesses described his death as "violent" and an "ugly event". The last prisoner to be executed in the gas chamber in the United States was Walter LaGrand, in Arizona in 1999. All states that still have the death penalty use lethal injection.

However, in April 2015, Oklahoma made a law using nitrogen gas to execute people. It's not certain whether the gas would be used by a mask or similar contraption or in a gas chamber. They approved this after it took over an hour to execute Clayton Lockett by lethal injection.

During The Holocaust, Nazi Germany used gas chambers to kill between two and three million people.

Nazi Germany first used gas chambers to kill people with disabilities. The Nazis thought that people with disabilities were "life unworthy of life," and did not deserve to live. Between 1939 and 1941, the Nazis killed 70,273 people with disabilities at hospitals like Hartheim Euthanasia Centre.

Nazi Germany planned to kill all of the Jewish people. They called this plan the Final Solution. In 1942, the Nazi regime held a meeting where it was decided to kill all Jewish people that fell under German control. After this, they started constructing death camps with gas chambers. In 1942, the Nazis started killing hundreds of people at a time in gas chambers at the Belzec, Sobibór, and Treblinka death camps.

The Nazis also built gas chambers at some of the concentration camps that already existed, like Auschwitz (Auschwitz II, called "Birkenau") and Majdanek.

The camps used either carbon monoxide or cyanide gas, with the first gassing occurring late 1941 and the last in August 1944. Cyanide was introduced in Auschwitz-Birkenau extermination camp by the use of Zyklon B, an insecticide, which was thought to be more effective. Carbon monoxide took many minutes to kill, even with the chamber crowded with hundreds of people. Also, in Auschwitz-Birkenau the method of introducing the people to the chambers were more efficient, with large underground rooms disguised as shower rooms, into which the victims walked mostly without resistance and calmly left their clothes and belongings. Because of these reasons, Auschwitz-Birkenau was thought of as the most efficient part of the Nazi killing machine during the Holocaust, and could kill up to 2,000 people a day if a proper schedule was made and followed.

However, most killings took place elsewhere, including other camps and by shooting. Gas was thought to be a better method because it involved fewer people and the ones who helped could be Jews who were replaced gradually. After gassing, the victims were dragged out and quickly burned in large ovens, and the gas chambers cleaned and fanned. After the war and the destruction of the camps, the method was probably disgraced because of the association with the Nazis.

Historians estimate that the Nazis killed around three million people in these camps, mostly by use of gas, but also by shooting and through disease and starvation. These people included:
The gas chamber has also been used in Lithuania, a small country in the Baltics, before it was annexed (taken over by) the Soviet Union in 1940. After that, Lithuania executed prisoners by the Soviet method of a bullet shot into the back of the head.

Total Nonstop Action Wrestling

Total Nonstop Action (TNA) Wrestling is a professional wrestling company founded in 2002 shortly after World Championship Wrestling closed down. They are the main rivals for World Wrestling Entertainment. They made a video game called TNA iMPACT! and a sequel to it called TNA Impact! 2011 after it's weekly program which was of the same name before it was renamed Impact Wrestling. The Impact name lasted until 2024 when they went back to using the TNA name.

Jeff Jarrett left the company in December 2013 and announced that he was starting his own professional wrestling promotion called Global Force Wrestling. It was later clarified that he still remains an "investor" of TNA.

On November 19, 2014, it was announced that TNA would be ending their relationship with Spike, and that they would instead partner with Discovery Communications to distribute their shows beginning in January 2015. In the United States, TNA programs, which include Impact Wrestling, will move to Destination America. Discovery will also hold rights in selected international markets. Spike's outreach at the time was estimated to be more than 97 million homes while Destination America was only estimated to reach 59 million households.

On October 21, 2023 during Bound for Glory, it was announced that the company would be rebranding and would be going back to their previous name Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), starting at the Hard To Kill event on January 13, 2024.


Battle of the Bulge

The Battle of the Bulge (16 December 1944 – 25 January 1945) was a major German attack near the end of World War II, in Belgium, France and Luxembourg. The attack surprised Allied forces. It was the worst battle in terms of casualties for the United States. It also used up huge amounts of Germany's war-making resources. 

The press made up "Battle of the Bulge" to describe the way the Allied front line bulged inward on wartime news maps and itbecame the best known name for the battle.

The German attack was supported by several other operations. Germany's goal was to split the British and American Allied line in half, capture Antwerp, and then encircle and destroy four Allied armies. They hoped this would force the Allies to make a peace treaty with Germany. If they did this, Hitler could focus on the eastern front of the war.

The attack was planned in secret. Germany moved troops and equipment in the dark. United States intelligence staff predicted a major German attack, but this still surprised them. The Allied forces were too confident and too focused on their own attack plans, and they also did not have good aerial reconnaissance.

The Germans attacked a weakly defended section of the Allied line. They attacked while there was bad weather. This was because the Allies could not use planes if the weather was bad. Violent resistance blocked German access to important roads. The thick forests helped the defenders. This slowed down the German advance and allowed the Allies to add new troops. Better weather conditions permitted air attacks on German forces, which led to the failure of the attack.

After the defeat, many experienced German units lacked men and equipment. The battle involved about 610,000 American men, of whom some 89,000 were casualties, including 19,000 killed. It was the largest and most deadly battle fought by the United States in World War II.

After moving from Normandy at the end of July 1944 and landing in southern France on 15 August 1944, the Allies advanced toward Germany more quickly than expected. Allied troops were tired from weeks of continuous fighting and supplies were very low. While the supply situation improved in October, the lack of troops was still a major problem.

General Eisenhower and his staff chose the Ardennes region, held by the First United States Army, as an area that could be held by as few troops as possible. The Ardennes were chosen because the terrain offered good defence and there were not many roads.

The speed of the Allied advance and a lack of deep-water ports made it hard for the Allies to supply their troops. Beach supply operations using the Normandy landing areas could not supply enough provisions. The only port the Allies had captured was Cherbourg, near the original invasion beaches, but the Germans had wrecked and mined it. It took the Allies many months to build up their ability to move cargo. The Allies captured the port of Antwerp, Belgium, fully intact, in the first days of September, but it was not working until 28 November. The Scheldt River had to be cleared of both German troops and naval mines.

The limitations led to disagreements between General Dwight D. Eisenhower and Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery over whether Montgomery or American General Omar Bradley in the south would get access to supplies.

German forces remained in control of several major ports on the English Channel coast until May 1945. The destruction of the French railway system before D-Day made it hard for the Germans to respond to the invasion. It was also a problem for the Allies, as it took time to repair the tracks and bridges.

A trucking system brought supplies to front-line troops, but transportation took huge amounts of fuel to reach the front line near the Belgian border. By early October the Allies stopped major attacks to improve their supply lines. Montgomery and Bradley both asked for delivery of supplies to their armies so they could continue to attack the Germans. Gen. Eisenhower wanted Montgomery's northern forces to open the port of Antwerp and capture the Ruhr area, the industrial part of Germany.

With the Allies paused, German Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt was able to reorganize the German armies into an organized defense.

Field Marshal Montgomery's Operation Market Garden only achieved some of its goals. Its gains in territory left the Allied supply situation worse than before. In October the Canadian First Army fought the Battle of the Scheldt, opening the port of Antwerp to shipping. As a result, by the end of October the supply situation got better.

Despite a pause in fighting after the Scheldt battles, the Germans had serious problems. While operations continued in the autumn, notably the Lorraine Campaign, the Battle of Aachen and fighting in the Hürtgen Forest, the situation in the west changed little.

The Allies were slowly pushing towards Germany, but they did not get there. The Western Allies already had 96 divisions at or near the front, with ten more divisions coming from the United Kingdom. Additional Allied airborne units remained in England. The Germans had a total of 55 divisions.

Adolf Hitler promised his generals 18 infantry and 12 armored or mechanized divisions. The plan was to use 13 infantry divisions, two parachute divisions and six panzer divisions from reserves. On the Eastern Front the Soviets' Operation Bagration during the summer had destroyed much of Germany's Army Group Center. The operation ended only when the advancing Red Army forces ran out of supplies. By November, Soviet forces were preparing for a winter attack.

Meanwhile, the Allied air attacks of early 1944 had made the German Air Force unable to fly. This meant that the German Army had little battlefield intelligence and no way to stop Allied supplies. The daytime movement of German forces was easily noticed and stopping supplies combined with the bombing of the Romanian oil fields meant Germany had no oil and gasoline.

One of the few advantages held by the German forces in November 1944 was that they were no longer defending all of Western Europe. Their front lines in the west had been shortened and were much closer to the German borders. This reduced their supply problems despite Allied control of the air. Their telephone and telegraph network meant that radios were no longer necessary for communications, which lessened the effectiveness of Allied Ultra code breaking. Nevertheless, some 40—50 coded messages were sent per day by ULTRA. They recorded the quadrupling of German fighter forces and noticed that an attack was planned. ULTRA also picked up information about a lot of rail and road movements in the region.

German leader Adolf Hitler felt that his mobile reserves allowed him to do one major attack. Although he realised nothing could be accomplished in the Eastern Front, he still believed an offensive against the Western Allies could succeed. Hitler believed he could split the Allied forces and make the Americans and British to settle for a separate peace, independent of the Soviet Union. Success in the west would give the Germans time to design and produce more advanced weapons (such as jet aircraft, new U-boat designs and super-heavy tanks) and permit the build-up of forces in the east. Given the reduced manpower of their land forces, the Germans believed that it was better to attack in the West against the smaller Allied forces rather than against the vast Soviet armies. Even the destruction of entire Soviet armies would still have left the Soviets with more soldiers. Several senior German military officers, such as Field Marshal Walter Model did not think the attack would work. They offered different plans, but Hitler would not listen. The plan needed bad weather, including heavy fog and low-lying clouds, which would make it hard for Allied planes to fly. Hitler originally set the attack for late November, before the start of the Russian winter offensive.

In the west supply problems began slowing down Allied operations, even though the opening of the port of Antwerp in late November improved the situation. The positions of the Allied armies stretched from southern France all the way north to the Netherlands. The Germans wanted to attack the thin line of Allied forces. They thought this would stop Allied advances on the Western Front. Several plans for major Western attacks were prepared. A first plan was for an attack on the U.S. forces around Aachen, to encircle the U.S. Ninth Army. A second plan was for a "blitzkrieg" attack through the weakly defended Ardennes Mountains. This aimed at splitting the armies along the U.S.—British lines and capturing Antwerp.

Hitler chose the second plan. He liked the idea of splitting the Anglo-American armies. There were many disputes between Montgomery and Patton. Hitler hoped he could make use of these disagreements. If the attack captured Antwerp, four complete armies would be trapped without supplies behind German lines. Both plans aimed at attacks against the American forces. Hitler believed the Americans were not able to fight well. He thought that the American people would lose hope upon hearing of an American loss.

"Generalfeldmarschall" (Field Marshal) Walther Model and Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt were ordered to lead the attacks. Model and von Rundstedt both believed aiming for Antwerp was too difficult, given Germany's lack of resources in late 1944. At the same time they felt that being just defensive would only delay defeat. They developed plans that did not aim to cross the Meuse River; Model's being "Unternehmen Herbstnebel" (Operation Autumn Mist) and von Rundstedt's "Fall Martin" ("Plan Martin"). The two field marshals showed their plans to Hitler, who rejected them in favor of his "big solution".

The phrase "Battle of the Bulge" was made up by contemporary press to describe the way the Allied front line bulged inward on wartime news maps. After the war ended, the U.S. Army issued the Ardennes-Alsace medal to units that took part in operations in northwest Europe. The medal covered the Ardennes sector where the battle took place and units further south in the Alsace sector.

OKW decided by mid-September, on Hitler's orders, that the attack would be started in the Ardennes, as was done in 1940. Many German generals objected, but the attack was planned and carried out. In 1940 German forces had passed through the Ardennes in three days before attacking the enemy, but the 1944 plan called for battle in the forest. The main forces were to advance westward to the Meuse River, then turn northwest for Antwerp and Brussels. The thick forests of the Ardennes would make movement difficult. There was open ground beyond the Meuse where the Germans could move quickly to the coast.

Four armies were selected for the operation. First was the Sixth Panzer Army, under SS General Sepp Dietrich—newly created on 26 October 1944, it used the most senior and the most experienced "Waffen-SS": the 1st SS Panzer Division "Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler" as well as the 12th SS Panzer Division "Hitlerjugend". The 6th Panzer Army was the northernmost attack force. It was ordered to capture Antwerp. The Fifth Panzer Army under General Hasso von Manteuffel was ordered to capture Brussels. The Seventh Army, under General Erich Brandenberger, was ordered to the southernmost attack. This Army was made up of only four infantry divisions, with no armoured groups. As a result, they made little progress throughout the battle. Also participating in a secondary role was the Fifteenth Army, under General Gustav-Adolf von Zangen. It was located on the far north of the Ardennes battlefield. It was ordered to hold U.S. forces in place. It could also attack if conditions were right.

For the attack to be successful, four elements were needed: the attack had to be a complete surprise; the weather conditions had to be poor to stop Allied air superiority; the progress had to be rapid. Allied fuel supplies would have to be captured because the Wehrmacht was short on fuel. The General Staff estimated they only had enough fuel to cover one-third to one-half of the ground to Antwerp.

The plan originally called for just under 45 divisions, including a dozen panzer and panzergrenadier divisions forming the armored spearhead and various infantry units to form a defensive line. By this time, however, the German Army suffered from a manpower shortage and the force had been reduced to around 30 divisions. Although it retained most of its armor, there were not enough infantry units because of the defensive needs in the East. These 30 newly rebuilt divisions used some of the last reserves of the German Army. Among them were "Volksgrenadier" units formed from a mix of veterans and recruits formerly regarded as too young or too old to fight. Training time, equipment and supplies were inadequate during the preparations. German fuel supplies were inadequate. Materials and supplies that could not be transported by rail had to be horse-drawn to conserve fuel. The mechanized and panzer divisions would depend heavily on captured fuel. As a result, the start of the attack was delayed from 27 November to 16 December.

Before the offensive the Allies were not aware of German troop movement. During the liberation of France, the French resistance had provided information about German movements. Once they reached the German border, this information was not available. In Germany such orders were typically transmitted using telephone and teleprinter, and a special radio silence order was made on all communications about the attack. The major crackdown in the "Wehrmacht" after the 20 July plot to kill Hitler resulted in much tighter security and fewer information leaks. The foggy autumn weather also prevented Allied reconnaissance aircraft from seeing the Germans on the ground. German units in the area were given charcoal instead of wood for cooking fires to cut down on smoke and reduce chances of Allied observers realizing a troop build up was underway. 

Allied High Command considered the Ardennes a quiet sector. Allied intelligence services said that the Germans were unable to launch any major attacks this late in the war. The Allies thought that the Germans were getting ready for defence. The Allies thought that a new defensive army was being formed around Düsseldorf in the northern Rhine. The Germans tricked the Allies by increasing the number of flak batteries in the area and making more radio transmissions in the area.

The attack, when it came, completely surprised the Allied forces. The U.S. Third Army intelligence chief, Colonel Oscar Koch, the U.S. First Army intelligence chief and the SHAEF intelligence officer had warned that the Germans might attack the U.S. VIII Corps area. These warnings were ignored by the U.S. 12th Army Group. Because the Ardennes was considered a quiet sector, the Allies used it as a training ground for new units and a rest area. The U.S. units deployed in the Ardennes thus were a mixture of inexperienced troops (such as the U.S. 99th and 106th "Golden Lions" Divisions), and veteran troops sent to that sector to rest (the 28th Infantry Division).

Two major special operations were planned for the attack. By October it was decided that Otto Skorzeny, the German commando was to lead a task force of English-speaking German soldiers. These soldiers were to be dressed in American and British uniforms. They would go behind American lines and change signposts, misdirect traffic, cause disruption and seize bridges across the Meuse River between Liège and Namur. By late November, another special operation was added: Col. Friedrich August von der Heydte was to lead a "Fallschirmjäger" (paratrooper) "Kampfgruppe" in Operation Stösser, a night-time paratroop drop behind the Allied lines aimed at capturing an important road near Malmedy.

German intelligence had set 20 December as the expected date for the start of the upcoming Soviet attack.

After the 20 July plot attempt to kill Hitler's life, and the advance of the Red Army, Hitler and his staff left the Wolfsschanze headquarters in East Prussia. After a brief visit to Berlin, Hitler travelled on his "Führersonderzug" (train) to Giessen on 11 December, taking up residence in the Adlerhorst command complex at Kransberg Castle.

Von Rundstedt set up his operational headquarters near Limburg, close enough for the generals and Panzer Corps commanders who were to lead the attack to visit Alderhost.

In a personal conversation on 13 December between Walther Model and Friedrich von der Heydte, who was put in charge of Operation "Stösser", von der Heydte gave Operation "Stösser" less than a 10% chance of succeeding. Model told him it was necessary to make the attempt.

On 16 December 1944, at 5:30 am, the Germans began the attack with a 90-minute artillery attack using 1,600 artillery pieces. The Americans thought was that this was an attack resulting from the Allies' recent attack in the Wahlerscheid sector to the north. In the northern sector Dietrich's 6th Panzer Army was held up for almost 24 hours by a single platoon and four U.S. Forward Artillery Observers. They then attacked Losheim Gap and Elsenborn Ridge to get through to Liège and Antwerp. Heavy snowstorms occurred in the Ardennes area. This kept the Allied aircraft grounded, but it also slowed the German advance. There were massive traffic jams and fuel shortages. von Manteuffel's Fifth Panzer Army attacked towards Bastogne and St. Vith. In the south, Brandenberger's Seventh Army moved towards Luxembourg.

Only one month before 250 members of the Waffen-SS had tried to recapture the town of Vianden from the Luxembourgish resistance during the Battle of Vianden. The SS lost.

The battle for Elsenborn Ridge was an important part of the Battle of the Bulge. The attack was led by one of the best equipped German divisions on the western front, the 1st SS Panzer Division. The division made up the lead unit for the entire German 6th Panzer Army. SS Obersturmbannführer Joachim Peiper led Kampfgruppe Peiper, consisting of 4,800 men and 600 vehicles. 
The attacks by the Sixth Panzer Army's infantry units in the north did badly because of strong resistance by the U.S. 2nd and 99th Infantry Divisions. On the first day, a German battalion of 500 men was held up for 10 hours. The infantry of the 9th Fallschirmjaeger Regiment, 3rd Fallschirmjaeger Division had been ordered to attack the village first. A single 18-man platoon from the 99th Infantry Division and four Forward Air Controllers held up the battalion of about 500 German paratroopers until sunset causing 92 casualties among the Germans. This stopped the German advance. Kampfgruppe Peiper, at the head of the SS Oberstgruppenführer Sepp Dietrich's Sixth Panzer Army had been ordered to take the Losheim-Losheimergraben road. Peiper did not begin his advance until nearly 4:00 pm, more than 16 hours behind schedule. Kampfgruppe Peiper reached Bucholz Station in the early morning of 17 December and captured portions of the 3rd Battalion of the 394th Infantry Regiment. They seized a U.S. fuel depot at Büllingen, where they refuelled before continuing westward.

To the north, the 277th Volksgrenadier Division attempted to break through the U.S. 99th Infantry Division and positions of 2nd Infantry Division. The 12th SS Panzer Division, reinforced by additional infantry (Panzergrenadier and Volksgenadier) divisions, took Losheimergraben and attacked the villages of Rocherath and Krinkelt. 
Their intention was to control the villages of Rocherath-Krinkelt which would clear a path to Elsenborn Ridge. This would give the Germans control of the roads to the south and west and ensure supply to Kampfgruppe Peiper's armored force.

The American defense prevented the Germans from reaching the supplies near the Belgian cities of Liège and Spa. After more than ten days of battle, they pushed the Americans out of the villages, but were unable to move them from the ridge. The V Corps of the First U.S. Army prevented the German forces from reaching the roads to their west. The 99th Infantry Division was outnumbered but it caused a lot of German dead and wounded. The division lost about 20% of its strength, including 465 killed and 2,524 evacuated due to wounds, injuries or fatigue. German losses were much higher. In the northern sector, this included more than 4,000 deaths and the destruction of sixty tanks and big guns. Historian John S.D. Eisenhower wrote, "... the action of the 2nd and 99th Divisions on the northern shoulder could be considered the most decisive of the Ardennes campaign."

Kampfgruppe Peiper entered Honsfield, one of the 99th Division's rest centres. They killed many, destroyed a number of American armored units and vehicles, and took several dozen prisoners who were murdered. Peiper easily captured the town and of fuel for his vehicles. Peiper then advanced north-west towards Büllingen. Peiper turned south to detour around Hünningen.

At 12:30 on 17 December, Kampfgruppe Peiper was near the hamlet of Baugnez when he met the 285th Field Artillery Observation Battalion, U.S. 7th Armored Division. After a battle the Americans surrendered. They were sent to stand in a field. The SS troopers suddenly opened fire on the prisoners. A few survived, and news of the killings of prisoners of war was sent through Allied lines. Following the end of the war, soldiers and officers of Kampfgruppe Peiper, including Joachim Peiper and SS general Sepp Dietrich, were put on trial at the Malmedy massacre trial.

Following the Malmedy massacre, on New Year's Day 1945, after having previously received orders to take no prisoners, American soldiers shot sixty German prisoners of war near the Belgian village of Chenogne (8 km from Bastogne).

By the evening the Germans had pushed north to fight the U.S. 99th Infantry Division. Peiper's forces were late because of the American resistance and because when the Americans fell back, they blew up bridges and emptied fuel storage. Peiper's unit was delayed and his vehicles needed fuel. They took 36 hours to advance from Eifel to Stavelot. 

Kampfgruppe Peiper attacked Stavelot on 18 December but was unable to capture the town before the Americans emptied a large fuel depot. Three tanks attempted to take the bridge, but the lead tank was disabled by a mine. 60 grenadiers advanced forward but were stopped by American fire. After a tank battle the next day, the Germans entered the village when Peiper rushed toward the bridge at Trois-Ponts, leaving the most of his force in Stavelot. When they reached it at 1130 on 18 December, retreating U.S. engineers blew it up. Peiper went north. At Cheneux, he was attacked by American fighter-bombers, destroying two tanks and five halftracks. The group got moving at dusk at 1600. Of the two bridges now remaining between Kampfgruppe Peiper and the Meuse, the bridge over the Lienne was blown by the Americans as the Germans approached. 

Peiper turned north and stopped his forces in the woods between La Gleize and Stoumont. He learned that Stoumont was strongly held and that the Americans were bringing up new troops from Spa. To Peiper's south, the advance of Kampfgruppe Hansen had stopped. SS Sturmbannführer Knittel crossed the bridge at Stavelot, but the Americans recaptured Stavelot. Peiper and Knittel both were at risk of being cut off.

At dawn on 19 December, Peiper attacked the American defenders of Stoumont. He sent infantry from the 2nd SS Panzergrenadier Regiment in an attack and a company of Fallschirmjäger. He followed this with a Panzer attack, gaining the eastern edge of the town. An American tank battalion arrived but Peiper finally captured Stoumont at 1030. Knittel joined up with Peiper and reported the Americans had recaptured Stavelot to their east. Peiper ordered Knittel to retake Stavelot. He thought Kampfgruppe did not have enough fuel to cross the bridge west of Stoumont. On the same evening the U.S. 82nd Airborne Division under Maj. Gen. James Gavin arrived at La Gleize. Kampfgruppe Sandig, which had been ordered to take Stavelot, launched another attack without success. Sixth Panzer Army commander SS-Oberstgruppenführer Sepp Dietrich ordered Hermann Prieß, commanding officer of the I SS Panzer Corps, to help Peiper's Kampfgruppe, but Prieß was unable to break through.

Small units of the U.S. 2nd Battalion of the 119th Regiment attacked the Kampfgruppe Peiper during the morning of 21 December. They were pushed back and a number captured, including their battalion commander, Maj. Hal McCown. Attempting to withdraw from Cheneux, American paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division engaged the Germans in violent fighting. The Americans shelled Kampfgruppe Peiper on 22 December. Although the Germans had run out of food and had no fuel, they continued to fight. A Luftwaffe resupply mission went badly, parachuting supplies to American troops in Stoumont. In La Gleize, Peiper set up defences. He decided to break through back to the German lines on 23 December. The men of the "Kampfgruppe" abandoned their vehicles and heavy equipment.

Operation Stösser was a paratroop drop into the American rear in the High Fens area. The goal was the "Baraque Michel" crossroads. It was the German paratroopers' only nighttime drop during World War II. The II Parachute Corps sent 100 men from each of its regiments. They had little time to train together. The parachute drop was a failure. Von der Heydte ended up with around 300 troops. Their force was too small and too weak to counter the Allies. They withdrew towards Germany and attacked the rear of the American lines. Only about 100 of his tired men finally reached the German rear.

Another, much smaller massacre was committed in Wereth, Belgium, on 17 December 1944. Eleven black American soldiers, after surrendering, were tortured and then shot by men of the 1st SS Panzer Division, belonging to Kampfgruppe Knittel. Men from Third Company of the Reconnaissance Battalion were responsible.

The Germans did better when the Fifth Panzer Army attacked positions held by the U.S. 28th and 106th Infantry Divisions. The Germans lacked the strength that they had in the north, but they still had more troops and weapons than the 28th and 106th divisions. They surrounded two regiments (422nd and 423rd) of the 106th Division and forced their surrender.

The official U.S. Army history states: "At least seven thousand [men] were lost here and the figure probably is closer to eight or nine thousand."

In St. Vith, it was hard for von Manteuffel's and Dietrich's forces. The defenders resisted the German attacks. This slowed down the German advance. Montgomery ordered St. Vith to be evacuated on 21 December. U.S. troops got into trenches, which made the German advance hard. By 23 December, U.S. troops were ordered to retreat west of the Salm River. Since the German plan called for the capture of St. Vith by 18:00 on 17 December, they were behind schedule.

To protect the river crossings on the Meuse, Montgomery ordered units to hold the bridges on 19 December. The German advance in the center was the most successful. Fifth Panzer Army was led by the 2nd Panzer Division while Panzer Lehr Division came up from the south. The Ourthe River was passed at Ourtheville on 21 December. Lack of fuel held up the advance for one day, but on 23 December the attack continued towards the towns of Hargimont and Marche. Hargimont was captured the same day, but Marche was defended by the American 84th Division. Gen. Lüttwitz, commander of the XXXXVII Panzer Corps, ordered the Division to turn west towards Dinant and the Meuse. 2nd Panzer Division was still advancing quickly. On 22/23 December the woods of Foy-Notre-Dame were reached, near Dinant. On 24 December the furthest point was reached. Panzer Lehr Division took the town of Celles. Farther north, parts of 2nd Panzer Division were close to the Meuse. An Allied force prevented the German forces from approaching the Dinant bridge. By late Christmas Eve the advance in this sector was stopped by Allied forces.

For Operation Greif, Otto Skorzeny got English-speaking Germans in American uniforms behind the Allied lines. Although they failed to take the bridges over the Meuse, they caused confusion and rumors spread quickly. Even General George Patton was worried and described the situation to General Dwight Eisenhower.

Checkpoints were set up all over the Allied rear, greatly slowing the movement of soldiers and equipment. American MPs at these checkpoints asked troops about things that every American was expected to know. The tightened security made things very hard for the German soldiers to move about, and a number of them were captured. Even during interrogation, they spread lies. when asked about their mission, some of them claimed they had been told to go to Paris to either kill or capture General Dwight Eisenhower. Security around the general was greatly increased, and Eisenhower was kept in his headquarters.

Because Skorzeny's men were captured in American uniforms, they were executed as spies. This was the standard practice of every army at the time. Skorzeny said that he was told by German legal experts that as long he doesn't order his men to fight in combat while wearing American uniforms, such a tactic was a legitimate trick. Skorzeny and his men wore their German uniforms underneath their American ones in case of capture. Skorzeny was tried by an American military tribunal in 1947 at the Dachau Trials for violating the laws of war from his leadership of Operation Greif, but was acquitted.

In Operation Währung, a small number of German agents went behind Allied lines in American uniforms. They tried to bribe rail and port workers to cause problems with Allied supply operations. However, this operation was a failure.

Further south attacking divisions crossed the River Our. The 112th Infantry Regiment kept German troops from using the Our River bridges around Ouren for two days, before withdrawing.

The 109th and 110th Regiments of the 28th Division did badly. They had so few troops that the Germans got around their positions. Both resisted and slowed down the German schedule by several days. Panzer groups captured villages and advanced near Bastogne within four days. The battles for the villages and American strongpoints, and transport confusion on the German side, slowed the attack down. This allowed the 101st Airborne Division to reach Bastogne on 19 December. The defense of Bastogne made it impossible for the Germans to take the town. The "panzers" went past on either side, cutting off Bastogne on 20 December. In the south, Brandenberger's three infantry divisions were stopped by divisions of the U.S. VIII Corps. Only the 5th Parachute Division of Brandenberger's command was able to move forward.

Eisenhower and his commanders realized by 17 December that the fighting in the Ardennes was a major offensive and not a small attack, and they ordered many new troops to the area. Within a week 250,000 troops had been sent. Gen. Gavin of the 82nd Airborne Division ordered the 101st to hold Bastogne. The 82nd had to battle the SS Panzer Divisions.

By the time the senior Allied commanders met on 19 December, the town of Bastogne and its 11 roads had been held by the Germans for several days. Two separate westbound German columns got stopped by defensive positions up to ten miles from the town. 
Gen. Eisenhower realized that the Allies could destroy German forces much more easily when they were out in the open. Patton had ordered his staff to prepare three plans for a northward turn. On 20 December, Eisenhower removed the First and Ninth U.S. Armies from Gen. Bradley's 12th Army Group and placed them under Montgomery's 21st Army Group. 
By 21 December the Germans had surrounded Bastogne, which was defended by the 101st Airborne Division and Combat Command B of the 10th Armored Division. Conditions inside the town were tough. Food was scarce, and by 22 December artillery ammunition was restricted to 10 rounds per gun per day. The weather cleared the next day, however, and supplies (ammunition) were dropped over four of the next five days. Despite German attacks, the town held. The German commander, Lt. Gen. Heinrich Freiherr von Lüttwitz, requested Bastogne's surrender. When Brig. Gen. Anthony McAuliffe was told of the Nazi demand that he surrender, he refused. 

Both 2nd Panzer and Panzer Lehr moved forward from Bastogne after 21 December. The 26th VG received one panzergrenadier regiment on Christmas Eve for its attack the next day. Because it lacked troops and those of the 26th VG Division were tired, the XLVII Panzer Corps concentrated its attack on several locations on the west side. The attack was defeated and all the tanks destroyed. The next day, 26 December, Gen. Patton's 4th Armored Division broke through and opened a passage to Bastogne.

On 23 December, the weather conditions started improving, allowing the Allied air forces to attack. They bombed the German supply points in their rear. P-47 Thunderbolts started attacking the German troops on the roads. Allied air forces also helped the defenders of Bastogne, dropping medicine, food, blankets, and ammunition. A team of volunteer surgeons flew in by military glider and began operating. 

By 24 December, the German advance was stopped near the Meuse. Units of the British XXX Corps were holding the bridges at Dinant, Givet, and Namur and U.S. units were about to take over. The Germans had no supplies, and shortages of fuel and ammunition were becoming serious. Up to this point the German losses had been light, especially in armor, which was almost unharmed with the exception of Peiper's losses. On the evening of 24 December, General Hasso von Manteuffel recommended to Hitler a stop to all operations and a withdrawal. Hitler said no.

However, confusion at the Allied command prevented a strong response. In the center, on Christmas Eve, the 2nd Armored Division attempted to attack the 2nd Panzer Division at the Meuse. The 4th Cavalry Group attacked the 9th Panzer Division at Marche. As result, parts of the 2nd Panzer Division were cut off. On 26 and 27 December the trapped units of 2nd Panzer Division made two break-out attempts. Further Allied attacks near Marche led the Germans to know that no further action towards the Meuse was possible. In the south, Patton's Third Army was battling to help the US troops in Bastogne. At 16:50 on 26 December, the Company D, 37th Tank Battalion of the 4th Armored Division, reached Bastogne, ending the siege.

On 1 January, in an attempt to keep the offensive going, the Germans launched two new operations. At 09:15, the "Luftwaffe" launched "Unternehmen Bodenplatte" (Operation Baseplate), a major campaign against Allied airfields in the Low Countries. Hundreds of planes attacked Allied airfields, destroying or severely damaging some 465 aircraft. However, the "Luftwaffe" lost 277 planes, 62 to Allied fighters and 172 mostly because of an unexpectedly high number of Allied flak guns, set up to protect against German V-1 flying bomb attacks and using proximity fused shells, but also by friendly fire from the German flak guns that were uninformed of the pending large-scale German air operation. The Germans suffered heavy losses at an airfield named Y-29, losing 24 of their own planes while downing only one American plane. While the Allies recovered from their losses in just days, the operation left the "Luftwaffe" weak and ineffective for the remainder of the war.

On the same day, German Army Group G ("Heeresgruppe G") and Army Group Upper Rhine ("Heeresgruppe Oberrhein") launched a major offensive against the thinly stretched, line of the Seventh U.S. Army. This offensive, known as "Unternehmen Nordwind" (Operation North Wind), was the last major German offensive of the war on the Western Front. The weakened Seventh Army had, at Eisenhower's orders, sent troops, equipment, and supplies north to reinforce the American armies in the Ardennes, and the offensive left it in dire straits.

By 15 January, Seventh Army's VI Corps was fighting on three sides in Alsace. With casualties mounting, and running short on replacements, tanks, ammunition, and supplies, Seventh Army was forced to withdraw to defensive positions on the south bank of the Moder River on 21 January. The German offensive drew to a close on 25 January. In the bitter, desperate fighting of Operation Nordwind, VI Corps, which had borne the brunt of the fighting, suffered a total of 14,716 casualties. The total for Seventh Army for January was 11,609. Total casualties included at least 9,000 wounded. First, Third and Seventh Armies suffered a total of 17,000 hospitalized from the cold.

While the German offensive had ground to a halt, they still controlled a dangerous salient in the Allied line. Patton's Third Army in the south, centered around Bastogne, would attack north, Montgomery's forces in the north would strike south, and the two forces planned to meet at Houffalize.

The temperature during January 1945 was extremely low. Weapons had to be maintained and truck engines run every half-hour to prevent their oil from congealing. The offensive went forward regardless.

Eisenhower wanted Montgomery to go on the counter offensive on 1 January, with the aim of meeting up with Patton's advancing Third Army and cutting off most of the attacking Germans, trapping them in a pocket. However, Montgomery, refusing to risk underprepared infantry in a snowstorm for a strategically unimportant area, did not launch the attack until 3 January, by which time substantial numbers of German troops had already managed to fall back successfully, but at the cost of losing most of their heavy equipment.

At the start of the offensive, the First and Third U.S. Armies were separated by about . American progress in the south was also restricted to about a kilometer a day. The majority of the German force executed a successful fighting withdrawal and escaped the battle area, although the fuel situation had become so dire that most of the German armor had to be abandoned. On 7 January 1945, Hitler agreed to withdraw all forces from the Ardennes, including the "SS Panzer" divisions, thus ending all offensive operations. However, considerable fighting went on for another 3 weeks; St. Vith was recaptured by the Americans on 23 January and the last German units participating in the offensive did not return to their start line until 25 January.

Winston Churchill, addressing the House of Commons following the Battle of the Bulge said, "This is undoubtedly the greatest American battle of the war and will, I believe, be regarded as an ever-famous American victory."

As the Ardennes battles began, Montgomery commanded the American First and Ninth armies. This was approved by Eisenhower, as the northern armies had lost all communications with Bradley, who was based in Luxembourg. The northern side had lost all communications with the US command and with nearby units. Without radio or telephone communication Montgomery managed to improvise a way of communicating orders.

This change of leadership did not become known until a message was released.
Montgomery asked Churchill if he could explain the situation. On the same day as Hitler's withdrawal order, 7 January, Montgomery held his press conference. Montgomery praised the "courage and good fighting quality" of the Americans. He also praised Eisenhower. Then Montgomery described the battle for a half-hour. Coming to the end of his speech he said he had used the whole power of the British Group of Armies. He called the battle "the most interesting, I think possibly one of the most interesting and tricky battles I have ever handled." Despite his positive remarks about American soldiers, the Americans thought he took credit for the success of the campaign. They thought he made it sound like he had rescued the Americans.

Patton and Eisenhower both felt he did not describe the share of the fighting played by the British and Americans in the Ardennes. They thought that he did not tell about the part played by Bradley, Patton and other American commanders. Montgomery did not mention of any American general beside Eisenhower. This was seen as insulting. Montgomery saw his error and later wrote: "I think now that I should never have held that press conference." Bradley and Patton both threatened to resign unless Montgomery's command was changed. Eisenhower had decided to fire Montgomery. Eisenhower allowed Montgomery to apologize.

Casualty estimates from the battle vary widely. The official U.S. account lists 80,987 American casualties, while other estimates range from 70,000 to 108,000. According to the U.S. Department of Defense the American forces suffered 89,500 casualties including 19,000 killed, 47,500 wounded and 23,000 missing. An official report by the United States Department of the Army lists some 108,347 casualties, including 19,246 killed, 62,489 wounded and 26,612 captured and missing. The Battle of the Bulge was the most violent battle that U.S. forces experienced in World War II; the 19,000 American dead were unsurpassed by those of any other engagement. British losses totaled 1,400.

The German High Command's official figure for the campaign was 84,834 casualties, and other estimates range between 60,000 and 100,000.

The Allies continued to push on in the battle. In early February, the Allies launched an attack all along the Western front: in the north under Montgomery toward Aachen; in the center, under Courtney Hodges; and in the south, under Patton.

The German losses in the battle were serious in several ways. The last of the German reserves were now gone, the Luftwaffe had been destroyed and the remaining German forces in the West were being pushed back to the defenses of the Siegfried Line.

The initial success of Hitler's Ardennes offensive, launched 16 December 1944, caused Churchill to ask Stalin on 6 January 1945 for Soviet help by launching a Soviet attack. On Friday, 12 January, the Soviets began the Vistula–Oder Offensive, planned to begin on 20 January.

During World War II, most U.S. black soldiers still served only as truck drivers and as stevedores. In the midst of the Battle of the Bulge, General Eisenhower was short of replacement troops so he allowed African American soldiers to join the white military units to fight in combat for the first time. More than 2,000 black soldiers had volunteered to go to the front. This was an important step toward a racially integrated United States military. A total of 708 African Americans were killed in combat during World War II.


Nothing

Nothing is a concept of being without any form of matter, space, or being.


Moon

The Moon is Earth's only natural satellite. We usually see it in the night sky and also during the day. Some other planets also have moons or natural satellites.

Our moon is about one-fourth of the width of the Earth. Because it is far away it looks small, about half a degree wide. The gravity on the moon is one-sixth of the Earth's gravity. It means that something will be one-sixth as heavy on the Moon than on Earth. The Moon is a rocky and dusty place. It moves slowly away from the Earth at a rate of 3.8 cm per year, due to the effect of tidal dissipation.

For the origin of the Moon, see the giant impact hypothesis.

Because the Moon is round, half of it is lit up by the Sun. As it goes around (or orbits) the Earth, sometimes the side that people on Earth can see is all lit brightly. Other times only a small part of the side we see is lit. This is because the Moon does not send out its own light. People only see the parts that are being lit by sunlight. These different stages are called Phases of the Moon.

It takes the Moon about 29.53 days (29 days, 12 hours, 44 minutes) to complete the cycle, from big and bright to small and dim and back to big and bright. The phase when the Moon passes between the Earth and Sun is called the "new Moon". The next phase of the Moon is called the "waxing crescent", followed by the "first quarter", "waxing gibbous", then a full Moon. A full Moon occurs when the Moon and Sun are on opposite sides of the Earth. As the Moon continues its orbit it becomes a "waning gibbous", "third quarter", "waning crescent", and finally back to a new Moon. People used the Moon to measure time. A month is approximately equal in time to a lunar cycle.

The Moon always shows the same side to Earth. Astronomers call this phenomenon tidal locking. This means that half of it can never be seen from Earth. The side facing away from Earth is called the far side or dark side of the Moon even though the Sun does shine on it—we just never see it lit.

Before people stood on the Moon, the United States and the USSR sent robots to the Moon. These robots would orbit the Moon or land on its surface. The robots were the first man-made objects to touch the Moon.

Humans finally landed on the Moon on July 21, 1969. Astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed their lunar ship (the "Eagle") on the surface of the Moon. Then, as half the world watched him on television, Armstrong climbed down the ladder of the "Eagle" and was the first human to touch the Moon as he said, "That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind."

Even though their footprints were left on the moon a long time ago, it is likely that they are still there, as there is no wind or rain, making erosion extremely slow. The footprints do not get filled in or smoothed out.

More people landed on the moon between 1969 and 1972, when the last spaceship, Apollo 17 visited. Eugene Cernan of Apollo 17 was the last person to touch the moon.

Because it is smaller, the Moon has less gravity than Earth (only 1/6 of the amount on Earth). So if a person weighs 60 kilograms on Earth, the person would only weigh 10 kilograms on the Moon. But even though the Moon's gravity is weaker than the Earth's gravity, it is still there. If a person dropped a ball while standing on the Moon, it would still fall down. However, it would fall "much" more slowly. A person who jumped as high as possible on the Moon would jump higher than on Earth, but still fall back to the ground. Because the Moon has no atmosphere, there is no air resistance, so a feather will fall as fast as a hammer.

Without an atmosphere, the environment is not protected from heat or cold. Astronauts wore spacesuits, and carried oxygen to breathe. The gloves of the spacesuit, were never taken off on the Moon. The suit weighed about as much as the astronaut. The Moon's gravity is weak, so it was not as heavy as on Earth.

On the Earth, the sky is blue because the blue rays of the Sun bounce off the gases in the atmosphere, making it look like blue light is coming from the sky. But on the Moon, because there is no atmosphere, the sky looks black, even in the daytime. There is no atmosphere to protect the Moon from rocks that come from space, and these meteorites crash right into the Moon and make wide, shallow holes called craters. The Moon has thousands of them. Newer craters overlie older ones. On Earth, meteorites burn in the atmosphere, and most burn up completely.

The giant impact hypothesis is that the Moon was created out of the debris from a collision between the young Earth and a Mars-sized protoplanet. This is the favored scientific hypothesis for the formation of the Moon.

In 2009 Chandrayaan-1 found a lot of water on the Moon. The water is not liquid but is in the form of hydrates and hydroxides. Liquid water cannot exist on the Moon because photodissociation quickly breaks down the molecules. However, from the data received from Chandrayaan-1, liquid surface water may have once existed on the Moon.

During the Cold War, the United States Army thought about making a military post on the Moon, able to attack targets on Earth. They also considered testing a nuclear weapon on the Moon. The United States Air Force had similar plans. However, both plans were brushed-off as NASA moved from a military to a civilian-based agency.

Even though the Soviet Union left remains on the Moon, and the United States left a few flags, no country has control over the Moon. The U.S. and Soviet Union both signed the Outer Space Treaty, which calls the Moon and all of outer space the "province of all mankind". This treaty also banned all use of the military of the Moon, including nuclear weapons tests and military bases.



Will Ryan

William Frank Ryan (November 13, 1939 – November 19, 2021) was an American actor, singer and musician.

His music career first began when he was in high school. He then signed the first of two recording contracts with CBS Records.

He got back into music and after moving to California. He began to write and record wacky songs for Disney. He did the voice of Rabbit, Tigger, and Eeyore in Disney Channel's "Welcome to Pooh Corner". Since 1988 he has done the voice of Eugene Meltsner (and other characters: Harlow Doyle, Officer O'Ryan, Officer David Harley, etc.) for the Focus on the Family radio series "Adventures in Odyssey". 

He also voiced Rabbit in "Winnie the Pooh and a Day for Eeyore". He was also the original voice of Petrie in "The Land Before Time".

Ryan died from cancer in Santa Monica, California on November 19, 2021, at the age of 82.



Captivity (animal)

Animals who live under human control or care are in captivity. Captivity can be used as a term meaning the keeping of either domesticated animals (livestock, pets) or wild animals. This may include for example farms, private homes and zoos. Sometimes humans take care of critically endangered animals and therefore these animals are in captivity.

Choctaw

The Choctaw are a Native American people originally from the southeastern United States, also called the Southeastern Woodlands. This is today in Mississippi and Alabama. Their language is the Choctaw language. It is part of the Muskogean family. It is also similar to Chickasaw. Three tribes are recognized today. They are the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians, and Jena Band of Choctaw Indians in Louisiana.

The people were originally mound builders. Early Choctaw lived in thatched-roof cabins of logs in communities. Agriculture was the main supply of food, such as the Three Sisters. There was also fishing and hunting. Sports were also important and often replaced war. 

The tribe supported the Americans during the American Revolution, the War of 1812 and the Creek War. Europeans thought the tribe was civilized. It was part of the so-called "Five Civilized Tribes" of the Southeast. 

Most of the tribe was forced out of their land from 1831 to 1833. This was part of the Indian Removal. The remaining Choctaw became citizens. The tribe supported the Confederates in the U.S. Civil War. Several chiefs of the Choctaw were at the US Bureau of Indian Affairs.

Choctaw worked as codetalkers during World War I. They used their own Choctaw language. The Choctaw reorganized after the Indian Reorganization Act. 

Native Americans in the United States

Native Americans in the United States (also known as American Indians) are the indigenous people from the areas of North America now part of the continental United States, including parts of Alaska. The US government recognizes 574 tribes. There are about 310 Indian reservations in the US. Most Native Americans do not live on a reservation anymore.

There were and still are many diverse groups of Natives in what is now the US. The diversity includes various and rich languages and cultures. The arrival of Europeans in the Americas drastically changed Native Americans in the US. The history of these Native Americans is a story of suppression and the forced removal from their lands. During American history, there were various Native responses to European colonization and American expansion. In the 20th century, Natives got more rights and were recognized as citizens.

There are still problems today that impact Native Americans in the United States. Natives Americans face discrimination from other groups. There is also racism and cultural appropriation. There are also public health issues connected to historical trauma and generations of misstreatment.

Historians often break up the cultures of Indigenous peoples of North America in the United States into two ten regions: 

Native Americans most likely originally came from Asia to the Americas. They most likely crossed over Beringia. This was a geographical bridge that connected what is now Russia and Alaska. This migration may be over 30,000 years old. The Clovis culture was one of the earliest cultures.

The Pre-Columbian Era was before Columbus and Europeans conquered the Natives. Scholars break this era into different stages. The lithic stage was important for the usage of new rock technologies. In the archaic period, there was mainly subsistence farming. After the archaic period, societies were more developed. There were more crafts, urban centers, military structures, and usages of metals. Examples of tribes include Eastern Woodlands culture, the Pacific Northwest Coast Indigenous peoples, the Mississippian culture (including Cahokia), Pueblo peoples and Iroquois League of Nations.

Europeans started to arrive in the 16th century. This caused diseases to spread, and many Natives died. The population of Natives became much smaller. There were many conflicts between American Indians and colonists even into the 19th century. Natives fought to protect their lands. Europeans also brought animals. Natives began to hunt more and move around more with these new animals. European trade led to the Columbian Exchange.

There were several wars. Native Americans often fought against each other and Europeans. They also made many alliances. The  Beaver Wars were in the 17th century. Iroquis became powerful and destroyed other tribes like  Huron, Neutral, Erie, Susquehannock, and Shawnee. Natives fought with the French and British during the Seven Year's War. King Philip's War was between Metacom and Colonists in New England. It was the last major war between Natives and Colonists.

During the American Revolution, many Natives fought with the British. At the Treaty of Paris (1783), Britain gave most Native lands to America. George Washington and Americans wanted to civilize and educate Natives. The Civilization Fund Act of 1819 supported this process. Americans thought that some Natives were civilized. These were the Five Civilized Tribes. They included the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek and Seminole tribes.

In the 19th century, most of the lands in the Eastern United States were conquered. The lands in the west were still Native American Territory. Soon diseases also came to the Western territories. The Americans wanted to move west. There was Native American resistance. Conflicts included  Tecumseh's War, the Creek War and Seminole Wars. However, Native Americans were in the Union and Confederate Armies during the Civil War.

President Andrew Jackson forced Natives to leave their lands. He passed the  Indian Removal Act of 1830. This led to the Trail of Tears. Americans justified this removal. This was called Manifest Destiny. In 1851, the Indian Appropriations Act set up preservations for Natives. Natives resisted in the Indian Wars. There was also the Dakota War, Great Sioux War, Snake War, Colorado War, and Texas-Indian Wars. In the Wounded Knee Massacre, the US army killed many Natives.

The Cherokee were the first Natives to become US citizens.

In 1871, Ulysses S. Grant recognized more Native tribes in the Indian Appropriations Act. The US government also created many boarding schools for Native Americans. The schools only taught Christianity and not Native American religions. Navajo were against teaching. Eventually, the schools included Indian history and self-esteem.

In the 20th century, there were more rights for Natives. Politicians were more open to Natives. Woodrow Wilson allowed Natives who fought in World War I to become citizens. Calvin Coolidge signed the Indian Citizenship Act. This made all Natives American citizens. Republican Charles Curtis was a Native and Congressman. He became the Senate Minority Whip and Senate Majority Leader for several years. Today Americans have all the rights of the US constitution. The Indian Relocation Act of 1956 supported vocational training.

Many Natives fought and died in World War II. Soldiers respected the Natives. The legacy of the Native American warrior was still there.

There was also more self-determination for Natives. There was more activism with Natives. Notable events in the 1960s are the occupation of Alcatraz Island (1969–1971) and the formation of the American Indian Movement (AIM). In 1968, the Indian Civil Rights Act gave Natives protection to tribe members. The Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act was passed in 1975. Tribal colleges were created. Many universities have added study programs about Natives Americans. This is partly due to Native activism.

Native Americans are affected by some problems more than White Americans. For example Native Americans are six times more likely to suffer from alcoholism than average. About 24% live in extreme poverty. Native American and Native Alaskan women are more likely to be targets of sexual violence than other women. Natives says that they often face prejudice and mistreatment. Many Native Americans live in cities. They face poverty and bad working conditions.

Another problem is cultural appropriation. This is when a culture wrongly adopts and takes elements from another culture. This is a problem in sports with mascots. There are often Native American stereotypes. The Golden State Warriors stopped using Native American logos in the 1970s. In 2020, the Washington Redskins changed their name to Washington Commanders.

There has been controversy with names of Native Americans in the US. Native Americans were historically called "Indians". This word has racist stereotypes. The term Native Americans is viewed to be more historically accurate. There is no agreement among Native Americans on what is the best term. Some criticize the term "Native Americans", because the government chose it. Several Native tribes prefer the term "American Indian". Native Americans prefer to be called by their tribal names.


Brian Cowen

Brian Cowen (born 10 January 1960) was the Taoiseach (prime minister) of the Republic of Ireland. He became the taoiseach on 7 May 2008, after Bertie Ahern, he resigned after losing a general election on 9 March 2011. He was the leader of a political party called Fianna Fáil. They were in a coalition government with the Green Party and the Progressive Democrats. Independent TDs (Irish members of parliament) also support his government.

Web chat

A web chat is a chat system to exchange information via the Web. People use a web browser to communicate with others. Apart from the browser you do not need anything else, which makes a web chat easy to use and ideal for people not very experienced with computers.

On the technical side web chats are often written with Java, Flash or Ajax.


British Grand Prix

The British Grand Prix is a grand prix motor race organised in Great Britain by the Royal Automobile Club. First held in 1950 and after that every year since today.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1999-2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

<nowiki>***</nowiki> Built by Porsche

A green background indicates an event which was part of the AIACR World Manufacturers' Championship."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship. 

Ob (river)

The Ob is a river in Siberia. Together with the Lena and the Yenisei, it is one of the most important rivers of Siberia. Depending upon how its length is measured, it can be between 3.650 km and 6.210 km long. Some important cities on the banks of the river include Novosibirsk (Russia's third largest city), Barnaul, Kolpashevo, Nizhnevartovsk, Surgut, Khanty-Mansiysk, Beryozovo, Labytnangi, and Salekhard. The Irtysh is the Ob river's main tributary. Other tributaries include the Omsk, Parabel, Chaya, Tobol and Ishim.

Deductive reasoning

Deduction is one of the two main types of reasoning. The other is induction. In deduction, we apply a general rule to a particular case.

Deductive arguments are attempts to show that a conclusion must follow from a set of premises or hypotheses. A deductive argument is valid if the conclusion follows necessarily from the premises.

Aristotle, the first person we know who wrote down laws of deduction, gives this example of deduction:


The first two statements are called "premises". The last statement is called the "conclusion". The conclusion is taken from the premises. 

Deductive reasoning is often called "top-down logic", whereas inductive reasoning is called "bottom-up reasoning".

Inductive reasoning

Induction is one of the main forms of logical reasoning. The other is deduction. In induction, we find a general rule by using a large number of particular cases. For example, watching water in many different situations, we can conclude that water always flows downhill.

Induction is not the method of science, but it can be the starting-point for science. Everyone can see that the sun, moon and stars appear to move across the sky. Early civilisations thought this meant they revolved around the Earth, because that is what they always seem to do. We now know this is quite wrong, but discovering the real explanation was the start of modern science (see Copernicus, Galileo and heliocentrism). What they did was to work out an alternative theory or hypothesis, which eventually was shown to be a much better explanation of all the observations. That is real science, but the observations of the heavens, which started with the Babylonians, showed the regularity which needed to be explained. What science did was to prove the obvious explanation was not the right one. 

Another example is the work of Darwin, who spent half his life collecting interesting facts about animals and plants. If he had stopped there, his name might not be known today. What he did was suggest a way in which all these facts could be explained. It was an hypothesis which could be, and was, tested in every way possible. It is well known now that the theory of evolution by natural selection best explains the way the living world has come to be as we see it. Again, real science was built on a collection of facts which needed an explanation. The philosophy of science is about testing hypotheses, rather than collecting facts, though facts are the basis of all science.

Induction, the collecting of facts, is not by itself science. The philosopher Hume said it meant “instances of which we have had no experience resemble those of which we have had experience”. Later, John Stuart Mill raised the question “Why is a single instance, in some cases, sufficient for a complete induction, while in others [many examples] go such a little way towards establishing a universal proposition?” Philosophers usually think the real issue is: what distinguishes good from bad inductions? A way to say it is: "If all known "As" are "B", then "probably" all "As" whatever are "B"". 

Inductive reasoning allows for a false conclusion even if all the premises are true. This is illustrated in the following example:

1. Humans exist.2. Birds also exist.3. Therefore, birds are human. 

This example shows that even though all the premises are correct, the conclusion can be false.

Discussions suitable for students of philosophy can be found in the usual places, especially:

Oklahoma Territory

Oklahoma Territory was an organized territory of the United States from May 2, 1890 until November 16, 1907, when Oklahoma became the 46th state. It was made up of the western area of what is now the state of Oklahoma. The eastern area consisted of the last remaining part of Indian Territory.



Scientific theory

In everyday speech, the word "theory" is used as a "best guess". In modern science, a scientific theory is a tested and expanded hypothesis that explains many experiments. It fits ideas together in a framework. If anyone finds a case where all or part of a scientific theory is false, then that theory is either changed or thrown out.

An example of a scientific theory that underwent many changes is the germ theory of disease. In ancient times, people believed that diseases were caused by the gods, or by curses, or by improper behavior. Germs (microorganisms) were unknown, because germs are too small to see. With the invention of the microscope, germs were discovered, and the germ theory of disease was proposed. Thanks to the germ theory of disease, many diseases can now be cured. However, the germ theory of disease had to be modified, because some diseases are not caused by germs. The flu and scurvy are examples of diseases that are not caused by bacteria, but viruses or poor nutrition. Scientists modified the germ theory of disease, so that today we would state that theory as "Some diseases are caused by germs".

To be a scientific theory, a theory must be tested a large number of times, by different scientists in different places, and must pass the test every time. The theory must be stated exactly, sometimes using mathematics. And it must fit in with all of the other scientific theories. Science has many branches. Physics, chemistry, biology, geology, and astronomy are some of the major branches of science. A scientific theory in one branch of science must hold true in all of the other branches of science. For example, the atomic theory of matter, that all matter is made up of atoms, was discovered using physics, but the chemicals used in chemistry, the living tissue used in biology, the rocks studied in geology, and the planets studied in astronomy are all made up of atoms. The atomic theory of matter holds in every area of science.

Sometimes scientists come up with a theory that is wrong. The discovery of an exception to a scientific theory is a major event, and a scientist can become famous by discovering an exception to a rule. Einstein became famous for his theory of relativity, which found an exception to Isaac Newton's laws of motion. Newton's theory, which had been accepted for hundreds of years, had to be changed, and has been changed.

Here is a list of some of the major theories of modern science. These theories have been tested thousands of times, and no exception has been found.



Marin-Epagnier

Marin-Epagnier was a municipality in the district of Neuchâtel in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel. In 1888, the formerly independent municipality merged with Epagnier and Marin to form Marin-Epagnier. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Marin-Epagnier and Thielle-Wavre joined together and became the new municipality of La Tène.

It lies at the northeastern tip of Lake Neuchâtel close to Biel, at the boundary between French- and German-speaking regions, and at a knot of highways.

The Iron Age archaeological site of La Tène is within Marin-Epagnier's communal boundaries. "(See also La Tène culture.)" La Tène is a village at the eastern end of the Lake Neuchâtel (Lac de Neuchâtel), a lake in Switzerland. La Tène has a sandy beach, unique in Switzerland.


Magdalenenberg

Magdalenenberg is the name of a tumulus grave which dates from the Iron Age. It lies at the southwestern tip of the Black Forest, in Germany. The nobleman who is buried there was part of the Hallstatt culture. With a volume of 33.000 cubic metres it is the biggest grave from that time in Central Europe.

In his first-hand account of the Gallic Wars (Commentarii de Bello Gallico), Julius Caesar observes that the Gallic people have a moon- based calendar, and that the big event for them was what astronomers now call the Lunar Standstill, which occurs every 18.6 years. Lunar Standstills are marked in several ancient cultures (including sites in Colorado and Ohio), usually by standing stones that indicate the point where the moon seems to rise and set in the same place, instead of rising in one place and appearing to move across the sky to set in another. Now a German scholar, Dr Allard Mees, a researcher at the Römisch-Germanischen Zentralmuseum in Mainz, has discovered evidence to back Caesar’s observation: a huge royal tomb that functions as a lunar calendar and that preserves a map of the sky at Midsummer 618 BC, the presumed date of the burial.

Dr Mees said that Magdalenenberg was ‘the earliest and most complete example of a Celtic calendar focused on the moon’, and that following Caesar’s conquest of Gaul, ‘Gallic culture was destroyed and these types of calendar were completely forgotten in Europe, to be replaced by the Roman sun-based calendar’.

Sacred Cenote

Sacred Cenote (Well of Sacrifice) is a well known cenote at the Maya site of Chichen Itza. One can access it by a 900 foot paved corridor that leads from the Great Plaza. The Sacred Cenote was used for human sacrifices to the rain god Chaac in periods of drought.


Cenote

A cenote is a type of sinkhole that contains groundwater. It is typical in the Mexican Yucatán Peninsula and some nearby Caribbean islands. The term comes from a word used by the lowland Yucatec Maya to refer to any location where groundwater can be got at. 

Cenotes are surface connections to underground water bodies. While the most well-known cenotes are large open water pools measuring tens of metres in diameter, such as those at Chichén Itzá, most cenotes are smaller sheltered sites and do not necessarily have any surface exposed water. The term cenote has also been used to describe similar karst features in other countries such as Cuba and Australia, in addition to the more generic term of sinkholes. 

Cenote water is often very clear, as the water comes from rain water infiltrating slowly through the ground. The groundwater flow rate within a cenote may be very slow at velocities ranging from 1 to 1000 meters per year. Cenotes around the world attract cave divers. They have explored extensive flooded cave systems, some of which have been investigated for 100 kilometers or more.

Cenotes in or near the Yukatán may have been caused by the Chicxulub meteor impact 60 million years ago.

Yucatán Peninsula:

Central and Northern Region:




Monkton, Kent

Monkton is an English village on the Canterbury-Ramsgate road. It is at the southwestern edge of the Isle of Thanet, Kent near St Nicholas at Wade and Minster-in-Thanet. The church there is dedicated to Mary Magdalene. Inside the Church is a plaque, commemorating a local soldier, Euncie Rochelle, who died in the Iraq war. Monkton is no longer thought of as a village in its own right and is usually assumed to be part of neighbouring village Minster-in-Thanet.

In the November of 2007, the village exploded, with the remains afterwards being burnt down, with firefighters attempting to put out the blaze, but having so few people and being so far away from any other main towns, the thirty firefighters were unable to reach it in time. However, fortunately, all of Monkton's twenty people were evacuated into safety to nearby Minster. However, Minster was reported to have complained about the overcrowding caused by this and threw out the newcomers, expecting them to go back to the destroyed settlement. Unfortunately for the hamlet, Monkton's largest building, a single storey house, was also lost, and therefore it is thought to take a long time before the people of Monkton are able to resettle in a new place, or whether they will be able to reconstruct some of their old one.


Electric chair

An electric chair is a specially built chair which is used to execute condemned criminals by electrocuting (giving them a strong electric shock) them. This means that they are being killed as a punishment for a crime that they were accused of, usually murder.

An electric chair is a strong wooden chair which has electrodes (which are objects often made out of metal that conduct electricity) for running electric current through the convict's body. One electrode is placed on the convict's head, and another is placed on the convict's right shin. When the switch is turned on, a 2,000 volt current goes through the convict. The current is to stop the heartbeat, cause unconsciousness, and cause death. Sometimes, the chair was made from the wood of the gallows which it replaced.

The electric chair is sometimes used as the very symbol of death penalty. It is also a part of Americana (that is: cultural symbols of USA) and the electric chairs of many states have ironic nicknames like Old Sparky, Yellow Mama, Gruesome Gertie, Sizzling Sally or Hot Seat. The execution itself is sometimes called "riding the lightning".

The electric chair was designed by Dr. Alfred Southwick, and first built by Harold Brown in 1888. Dr. Southwick had seen a drunk man falling in a generator and dying immediately from electric shock. There had been a very gruesome hanging in New York in 1886 that did not go right. The drop had been too long and the convict's head was torn off. Many people wanted a less cruel method of execution. The state of New York chose the electric chair.

This execution method has been used only in the United States and, for several decades, in the Philippines (its first use there in 1924, last in 1976). The electric chair has become a symbol of the death penalty, and a part of American folklore. However, it is becoming replaced as a method of executing criminals in the United States by lethal injection. Altogether, 25 US states and the US federal government have used the electric chair.

Death in the electric chair is usually quick as the convict dies from electric shock which stops the heart. However, if something goes wrong, the death is more like frying the convict alive. The electric chair has been declared as a cruel and unusual punishment in many states and is no longer used in most states. In fact, there are no longer any states that use the electric chair as its main way of executing criminals. All states that use the death penalty use lethal injection as its main way of executing criminals now.

So far, the latest person executed in an electric chair has been Nicholas Todd Sutton, an American serial killer, who was responsible for murdering two acquaintances and his own grandmother in North Carolina and Tennessee from August to December 1979. Convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment for these crimes, Sutton, among three other inmates, later participated in a 1985 prison killing over drugs. For this final crime, he was sentenced to death and executed by electric chair on Feb. 20, 2020 in Tennessee at the Riverbend Maximum Security Prison.

Santiago Bernabéu Stadium

The Santiago Bernabéu Stadium is a football stadium in Madrid, Spain. It is the second largest stadium in Spain. It has a capacity for 81,044 people. The stadium is called Estadio Santiago Bernabéu in Spanish.

The 1982 FIFA World Cup and the final, were held at the Santiago Bernabéu.

The stadium was built at the same site of Campo de Chamartín. Construction began in 1945. On December 14, 1947, the stadium officially opened. The first match was against Portuguese champions Os Belenenses (3-1).

At that time, the stadium consisted of two uncovered tiers that could hold about 75,000 spectators. Capacity was further increased to 125,000 in 1954, when one of the long sides got expanded with a third tier. The Bernabéu was together with the Camp Nou as the playing venue of the UEFA 1964 European Nations' Cup, hosting one of the two semi-finals and the final between Spain and the Soviet Union (2-1).

Towards the end of the 1970s, the stadium had already started to age. Club officials started making plans to build a new stadium in the north of the city.

However, with the coming of the 1982 World Cup it was instead decided to renovate the Bernabéu. The renovation included the construction of a roof over the three two-tiered stands and the installation of seats in half of the stadium. As a result, capacity was reduced to 90,800. During the 1982 FIFA World Cup, the Santiago Bernabéu hosted three matches in the second group stage and the final between Italy and West Germany (3-1).

In the 1990s, UEFA required the stadium to become an all-seater, which would have reduced capacity to 50,000 seats. The club president therefore started a redevelopment program. The changes included extending the third tier over the entire stadium, the creation of corporate facilities, and four access towers in each corner of the stadium. Works started in 1992 and were completed two years later.

The stadium was further refurbished and upgraded between 2001 and 2006. Works most of all focused on improving corporate facilities. Construction was concluded in 2006 with the construction of a roof over the one remaining uncovered stand. The expansion design was done by Madrid-based architect Antonio Lamela.

Additional improvements, such as a retractable roof, were delayed due to financial reasons. In 2013 club president Florentino Pérez announced Real was seeking to sell the naming rights for its stadium. In 2014 German architects GMP revealed a plan for the improvements. A sponsorship agreement was finally made with IPIC.

Electrocution

Electrocution or electric shock is when electricity passes through something living. It happens when the human body gets in contact with electric current. The word "electrocution" originated as a portmanteau between electricity and execution, referring to those executed by electric chair, but has evolved to describe any fatal encounter with electricity. Nonfatal encounters are called electric shocks, or simply a "shock". 

The human body is affected by electric current (measured in Amperes). If the electric current is strong, it can stop heartbeat and cause death. High current can cause severe burns and even fry the victim alive. In order for current to flow through a body you need a sufficiently high voltage, typically more than 50 volts AC, and the voltage generator must be able to supply enough current. Super high voltages, such as from a small Tesla coil, supply such a small amount of current that a person feels just a tickle. A large Tesla coil can burn and kill. 

Safety devices like a GFCI or RCD try to protect humans from any current greater than 5 to 30 mA (0.005 to 0.03 Amps). Human muscles are paralyzed -- you cannot move an affected arm or leg -- at currents from 10 to 20 mA; as a result a victim may be unable to let go of a wire that is shocking him. At around 20 mA breathing is difficult. At about 75mA breathing stops. At 100 mA the heart fibrillates -- death is quick. At 200 mA you get severe musculature contractions and burning.

Stora Enso

Stora Enso is a Finnish-Swedish cellulose and paper making corporation. It is the one of the largest paper making firms in the world. It was formed by the merger of Swedish mining and forestry products company Stora and Finnish forestry products company Enso-Gutzeit Oy in 1998. 

Its head office is in Helsinki, and it has some 46,000 employees. In 2002 it was the fifth largest pulp and paper maker in money income and in 2005 it was the world's largest pulp and paper manufacturer in terms of tonnes. The Finnish State is the biggest owner in the company.

The Stora corporation originally began as a copper mine (whole name "Stora Kopparbergs Bergslag" (Big Copper Mountain's Mining Works)). It was founded in 1288 and it is the oldest corporation in the world. It later became also a paper and cellulose maker. Enso-Gutzeit was founded by Mr. Hans Gutzeit in a small town called Enso in Finland. It was founded in 19th century. Both companies were the largest paper and cellulose makers of both countries. It is the second largest corporation in Scandinavia after Nokia.


SpeechWeb

A SpeechWeb is a collection of SpeechWeb applications. The collection or web of applications can be navigated using a SpeechWeb browser.

The goals of the SpeechWeb are: 


A SpeechWeb browser is a document or program allowing a human user to interact with a SpeechWeb application. A SpeechWeb browser can be implemented in X+V, VoiceXML, or others. An example browser using X+V is available here .

A SpeechWeb application is an application that provides a special interface. The basic idea is that not much more than natural language is used to communicate with the applications. SpeechWeb applications also need to describe the possible input texts by publishing a JSGF grammar.


Tikal

Tikal (or Tik’al, according to modern orthography) is the largest of the ancient ruined cities of the Maya civilization. It is in modern day Guatemala at . Now it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and a popular tourist spot. 
Tikal was one of the major cultural and population centers of the Maya civilization. The oldest monumental architecture at the site dates to the 4th century BC. The best time of Tikal was during the Classic Period, from 200 AD to 900 AD. In this period, Tikal was in charge of the Maya region politically, economically, and militarily. This is because it was linked with areas throughout Mesoamerica, such as central Mexican, the center of Teotihuacan. After the end of the Late Classic Period, no new major monuments were built. Some palaces were burned and the population declined. The site was abandoned by the end of the 10th century.

The ruins are on lowland rainforest, but Tikal had no water other than what was collected from rainwater and stored underground. Archaeologists working in Tikal during the last century used the underground facilities to store water for their own use. The absence of springs, rivers, and lakes nearby is unusual for a major city. However, Tikal did well with intensive agricultural techniques. These were more advanced than the slash & burn methods originally theorized by archeologists. The reliance on seasonal rainfall made Tikal open to drought. This is now thought to play a major part in the "Classic Maya Collapse".

The known rulers of Tikal, with general or specific dates attributed to them, include the following:






Resistance

Resistance could mean:


Bard

The bard probably belonged to a social class in Celtic Europe. Bards were poets or singers and were most likely were in the service of Celtic nobility. They were probably employed to tell about how good their master (the nobleman) was or to sing about what he did. Today, it is not quite clear what the difference was from a druid. Early Roman scolars used the word vates to refer to all of them, which has been translated as "prophet" or "soothsayer". It is also a common school in the North East Pacific West.



Operation

Operation may refer to:


Mausoleum

A mausoleum is a building used to store the remains of people who have died. Instead of being buried in soil, like in a cemetery, they are placed in chambers behind walls, or in a vault under the floor. The word came from the name of an ancient king.

Soviet leader Lenin is a mausoleum. In 1953, Joseph Stalin was buried next to him but his body was removed during destalinization.


Venus figurine

Possibly among the earliest traces of art are Venus figurines. These are figurines that show women. Most often the women are shown as being pregnant, with breasts well visible. The figurines occur from Western Europeto Siberia. Most are about 30.000 years old; Two figurimes have been found that are much older, the Venus of Tan-Tan has been dated to 500.000 to 300.000 years ago. It was found in Morocco. The Venus of Berekhat Ram was found on the Golan Heights. It has been dated to 300.000 to 200.000 years ago. It may be the earliest thing that shows the human form. 

Different kind of stone, bones and ivory were used to make the figurines. Some are also made of clay which was then burned in a fire. This is one of the earliest known traces of the use of ceramics.

Today it is not known what the figurines meant for the people who made them. There are two basic interpretations:
Scientists have excluded that they were linked to the fertility of fields, because agriculture had not yet been discovered.

The two figurines that are older may have mostly formed by natural processes. The Venus of Tan-Tan was covered with a substance that could have been some kind of paint. It contained traces of Iron and Manganese. The figurine of Berekhat Ram shows traces that someone worked on it with a tool. A study done in 1997 states that this could not have been done by nature alone

Venus of Tan-Tan

The Venus of Tan-Tan is a venus figurine. It was found in Morocco. It has been dated to be between 300.000 and 500.000 years old. Unlike the other venus figurines, it appears neither male nor female.

Venus of Berekhat Ram

The Venus of Berekhat Ram is a stone that was found on the Golan Heights in 1981. Scientists have proposed to classify it as a Venus figurine, because there are traces it was worked on with a stone tool. The things that have been worked can clearly be told apart from the natural stone. It is therefore agreed that the pebble has been modified by human action, even though it bears little resemblance to the much later "Venus figurines" of about 30.000 years ago.

List of Baptists

This is a list of Baptists. This list is not complete.






Joy

Joy is an emotion of great happiness. 
Joy can also be interpreted as a person's name.

Joy may also refer to:







Grace

Grace could mean:

in music:

A song:

in religion:

Grace may also be:



Chattanooga, Tennessee

Chattanooga is the fourth-largest city in Tennessee, a state in the United States of America. Cities larger than it are Nashville - the capital and largest city of the state; Memphis; and Knoxville. Chattanooga is in the southeast of Tennessee.

The first people to live in the Chattanooga area were Native American Indians with sites dating back to the Upper Paleolithic period. The city became a transport hub, which made it a target in the American Civil War.

The United States Census Bureau say that the city has a total area of 150.1 square miles (388.7 km²). This is made up of 142.4 square miles (368.7 km²) of land, and 7.7 square miles (20.0 km²) of water (5.15% of the total area).

The most well known natural feature near Chattanooga is the Tennessee River and the surrounding highlands. The city is between the southwestern Ridge-and-valley Appalachians and the foot of Walden's Ridge.


Greenville, South Carolina

Greenville is a city in South Carolina, United States. Bob Jones University is in Greenville. Greenville is in the Blue Ridge region of the state and is the county seat of Greenville County. As of 2020, there were 70,720 people living in the city, and 387,271 people living in the urban area.


Jonathan Edwards

Jonathan Edwards can mean:


Jonathan Edwards (theologian)

Jonathan Edwards (October 5, 1703 – March 22, 1758) was a colonial American preacher, theologian, and missionary to Native Americans. He was one of the most important people in the Great Awakening, a religious movement in the United States. He preached a sermon called "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God".

Prostate cancer

Prostate cancer is a disease in which cancer develops in the prostate, a gland in the male reproductive system. It is often treated with prostatectomy, radiotherapy, or hormonal therapy.

Aggressive prostate cancer is now known to have a genetic basis. Men with gene BRCA2 are more likely to get the cancer, and more likely it will be in its most aggressive form.

John Edwards

Johnny Reid "John" Edwards (born June 10, 1953) is an American politician. He served one term as U.S. Senator from North Carolina.

Johnny Edwards was born at Prisma Health Oconee Memorial Hospital in Seneca, South Carolina, He was the son of Wallace Edwards and Catharine Edwards, He studied Clemson University and North Carolina State University, He graduated with a Bachelor's degree of textile technology in 1974, After that he graduated as a Doctor of Law at University of North Carolina School of Law .

Before his time in the Senate, he was a lawyer. He argued and won several big cases about doctors who gave bad care and caused harm to patients. He also won lawsuits for people who had been injured by negligence of businesses or by using their products.

His best known case was for a Cary, North Carolina three year old girl. She was badly injured by being sucked into an open drain in a swimming pool playpool for toddlers. Her family won enough money from the drain company to pay for her medical care for the rest of her life.

Edwards served for one term in the United States Senate from 1999 to 2005, serving his state of North Carolina. He decided not to run for re-election as he was running for president, and later vice-president, in the 2004 election cycle. He ran for President of the United States twice, in 2004 and 2008, but was defeated by John Kerry and Barack Obama in the Primaries. He was later chosen to be the Democratic candidate for Vice-President in 2004 on the Kerry ticket, but he was defeated by incumbent Vice-President Dick Cheney.

In 2008, he admitted to having an affair while his wife, Elizabeth was dying. He has written several books.

Fuller Theological Seminary

The Fuller Theological Seminary is in Pasadena, California. It is one of North America's largest seminaries. The Seminary has over 4,300 students from over 67 countries and 108 denominations.


Bachelor of Divinity

In Western Christian theology, a Bachelor of Divinity (BD or BDiv) is usually an undergraduate academic degree given for courses taken in the study of divinity. At some institutions, the BD is a higher degree than the Bachelor of Arts. 


Freespire

Freespire is a Linux distribution made with parts from Ubuntu. It was made to make using free software easy, while giving the choice to use non-free (not open source) parts. These parts might be programs, drivers, or codecs. Linspire, a commercial Linux distribution, is made from Freespire.


Spiritual gift

In Christianity, the spiritual gifts are gifts given to Christians. Each Christian has his or her own gift (or gifts). They are talked about in the New Testament, mainly in First Corinthians 12, Romans 12, and Ephesians 4. Some believe that they only worked in early Christianity.

Sanctification

The word sanctification refers to the act of making holy or setting apart as special. The word is used five times in the Authorized Version of the New Testament (1 Corinthians 1:30, 1 Thessalonians 4:3,1 Thessalonians 4:4, 2 Thessalonians 2:13, and 1 Peter 1:2).

To sanctify means “to set apart for special use or purpose,” and “to make holy or sacred,” and etymologically from the Latin verb 'sanctificare' which in turn is from "sanctus" “holy” and "facere" “to make.”

When an object or place is made holy, usually a ceremony is performed. Then people see that it is a special object or place and treat it with respect. A person may also be "set apart for special purpose", as when a priest or pastor is ordained. 

Sanctification can also refer to how a person becomes a good moral person, or someone with a close relationship to God. This may not include any ceremony. Persons who achieve this holiness are sometimes called Saints. Some churches have a list of saints who have been recognized as having been especially holy persons. 

Generally in Protestant teaching, all Christians are considered saints. All are expected to become people who are close to God and who live a life like that which Jesus taught. Reading the Bible, prayer, worshiping God and Jesus and telling others about their faith are important in becoming sanctified. 

Glossolalia

Glossolalia, or speaking in tongues, is speaking rapid speech-like syllables which cannot be understood. In some cases it is part of religious practice. Some consider it as a part of a sacred language. It is a common practice amongst Pentecostal and Charismatic Christianity.

In 1972 a linguist from the University of Toronto published an assessment of Pentecostal glossolalia. His assessment was based on a large sample of glossolalia recorded in public and private Christian meetings in Italy, the Netherlands, Jamaica, Canada and the US.

Samarin found that glossolalic speech is like human language in some respects. The speaker uses accent, rhythm, intonation and pauses to break up the speech into distinct units. Each unit is itself made up of syllables. The syllables are formed from consonants and vowels taken from a language known to the speaker:

It is verbal behaviour that consists of using a certain number of consonants and vowels... in a limited number of syllables that in turn are organized into larger units that are taken apart and rearranged pseudogrammatically... with variations in pitch, volume, speed and intensity.
Samarin found that the resemblance to human language was just on the surface. He concluded that glossolalia is "only a facade of language". The syllable string did not form words, the stream of speech was not internally organized, and – most importantly of all – there was no systematic relationship between units of speech and concepts. Humans use language to communicate but glossolalia does not. Therefore, he concluded that glossolalia is not "a specimen of human language because it is neither internally organized nor systematically related to the world man perceives". On the basis of his linguistic analysis, Samarin defined Pentecostal glossolalia as "meaningless but phonologically structured human utterance, believed by the speaker to be a real language but bearing no systematic resemblance to any natural language, living or dead".

Christian hedonism

Christian hedonism is a controversial Christian doctrine in some evangelical churches, partly those of the Reformed tradition. This term was made by Baptist pastor John Piper in his 1986 book "Desiring God". Piper talks about this philosophy of the Christian life as "God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him."

Yucatec language

Yucatec Maya ("Maaya T'aan" in the revised orthography of the "Academia de Lenguas Mayas de Guatemala") is a Mayan language spoken in the Yucatán Peninsula. It is also spoken in northern Belize and parts of Guatemala. To native speakers, it is known only as Maya - "Yucatec" is a label linguists use to distinguish it from other Mayan languages (such as K'iche' and Itza' Maya).

In the Mexican states of Yucatán, northern Campeche and Quintana Roo, Maya remains many speakers' first language today, with approximately 800,000 speakers.

Uxmal

Uxmal is a large pre-Columbian city. The ruins are in Mexico today, in the state of Yucatán. According to the records of the Maya, the city was built around the year 500 AD. According to current research, about 25.000 people lived there. Most of the buildings that can be seen today were built between 700 and 1100. After 1200, there seems to be no new construction. The ruling family moved their capital elsewhere, and the population of the city declined. 

According to the documents of the Spanish conquerors, the city still had some importance in the 1550s. It was probably abandoned soon afterwards, as the Spanish built no city nearby.

Tayasal

Tayasal is a pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site from the Postclassic period. The site is in the southern Maya lowlands on a small island in Lake Petén Itzá. This island is now part of the Department of Petén in northern Guatemala. Tayasal was the capital of one of the last independent Maya polities to be conquered by the Spanish "conquistadores" and colonizers, along with Zacpeten (the capital of the Ko'woj Maya) and Eixequil (the Yalnain capital), in 1697. 

As an archaeological site, it was heavily damaged by the Spanish after its fall. The capital city of the modern Petén department, Flores, has been built over the island and the nearby shores of the lake. 

The Itza left the Yucatán region in the 13th century and built the city later known as Tayasal as their capital. They called it "Noh Petén", or literally "City Island". It was also called "Tah Itzá", or Place of the Itzá.

In 1541, Hernán Cortés came to the island, on route to Honduras, but needed to move on and did not try to conquer it due to its very good defensive position. 

The Spanish were not able to conquer the island until 1697, after several attempts, that begun in 1629, when they marched in, from Corozal in Belize, Yucatán and Alta Verapaz, attacked with boats, and destroyed it. Many Itzá people hid in the jungle for years. The structures of Noh Petén were turned into the Roman Catholic Church and other buildings in the city of Flores. 



Archaeological site

An archaeological site is a place where physical remains of the past survive. The archaeologists working there will carefully record what they find. They may also change the site so that what has been found can be preserved better.

The site will have trenches so that people can excavate better. To start the excavation, the topsoil will be removed. Special tools like pickaxes and mattocks are used to break up and remove very hard compacted soil. Shovels and spades are used to clear away bulk debris. Other hand tools used in bulk cleanup work are hoes, rakes, forks, and the wheelbarrow to cart it away.


Copán

Copán was a Maya city. Today, the ruins are in Honduras, near the border to Guatemala. The kingdom of Copan flourished from the 5th to the 9th century. The people would hire slaves to build houses. If they hired 80 - 100 workers it would usually take them around 2-3 months to finish it

<br>

Stephenie Meyer

Stephenie Meyer (born December 24, 1973 in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American author. She was raised in Phoenix, Arizona. She is the author of the "Twilight" series. "The Host", Meyer's first adult novel, was released on May 6, 2008.

Meyer's first novel, "Twilight", has won numerous honors, including: 



Flora Thompson

Flora Jane Thompson (5 December 1876 – 21 May 1947) was an English novelist and poet that was famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside, "Lark Rise to Candleford".

She was born in "Juniper Hill", a hamlet in north-east Oxfordshire. She was the eldest of six children of the stonemason Albert and the nursemaid Emma Timms. In her books her favourite brother, Edwin, is mentioned as important companion during her childhood. He was killed near Ypres in 1916. Flora was educated in the village "Cottisford" and worked in various post offices in southern England. The first of these was "Fringford", a village about four miles north-east of Bicester. Flora started work here in 1891, as assistant to the postmistress, Mrs. Kezia Whitton. Among other post offices where Flora worked was that at "Grayshott", in Hampshire, and she later moved to Bournemouth. In 1903 she married John William Thompson, with whom she had two sons and a daughter.

Flora benefited from good access to books when the public library opened in Winton, in 1907. Not long after, in 1911, she won an essay competition in "The Ladies Companion" for a 300-word essay on Jane Austen. She later wrote extensively, publishing short stories and magazine and newspaper articles. She was a keen self-taught naturalist and many of her nature articles were anthologised in 1986.

Her most famous works are the "Lark Rise to Candleford" trilogy, which she sent as essays to "Oxford University Press" in 1938 and which were published soon after. The books are a, if autobiographical, but fictionalised social history of rural English life in the late 19th and early 20th century and are now considered minor classics.

Flora Thompson died in 1947 in "Brixham", Devon and is buried at Longcross Cemetery, Dartmouth, Devon.





ClamWin

ClamWin Free Antivirus is a free, open source antivirus software for Microsoft Windows. It provides a graphical user interface to the ClamAV engine.

ClamWin is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License and can be downloaded from the official website for free.

Marco van Basten

Marcel "Marco" van Basten (; born 31 October 1964) is a former Dutch footballer. He was most recently the manager of the Netherlands national football team. He had to quit playing football early because of an injury that kept him from playing for more than a year.

Van Basten was known for his strength on the ball, his tactical awareness and spectacular strikes and volleys. He is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.

Van Basten was named FIFA World Player of the Year in 1992 and won the Ballon d'Or three times, in 1988, 1989 and 1992. He was named "UEFA best Player of the Year" three times (1989, 1990 and 1992) and "FIFA World Player of the Year" in 1992. In a French magazine named "France Football," he was voted as one of the eight best Football Players of the Century. In 1999, he was ranked sixth in the FIFA Player of the Century internet poll.


Ajax

A.C. Milan

Netherlands

Individual


Masonry

Masonry is the building of structures from individual units laid in and bound together by mortar. The term "masonry" can also refer to the units themselves.

The common materials of masonry construction are brick, stone such as marble, granite, travertine, limestone; concrete block, glass block, and tile. Masonry is generally a highly durable form of construction.

Masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings, retaining walls and monuments. Brick is the most common type of masonry. Concrete block masonry is rapidly gaining in popularity as a comparable material.



Lark Rise to Candleford

Lark Rise to Candleford is a trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels set in the English countryside in the late 19th century. They were written by Flora Thompson, and first published in that form in 1945. The trilogy includes the previously published stories "Lark Rise" (1939), "Over to Candleford" (1941) and "Candleford Green" (1943).

The stories relate to three communities, a hamlet, the nearby village and the nearest town in Oxfordshire, England. The stories are loosely based around Flora's childhood experiences. The books describe village life through the seasons of the year.

The television scriptwriter and playwright Keith Dewhurst adapted Thompson’s trilogy into two plays, "Lark Rise" and "Candleford", which were performed in the Cottesloe auditorium of London’s National Theatre in 1978–9. Dewhurst selected just two days: the first day of harvest for "Lark Rise" and the first hunt meet of the new year, a winter’s day in January, for "Candleford". The plays try to make the audience recognize the value of a way of life, close to the land and countryside, that they could never know for themselves. “It will send most spectators out wiser and happier human beings...one of those rare theatrical occasions with a genuine healing quality”, wrote theatre critic Michael Billington of "The Guardian".

A ten-part BBC adaptation, starring Dawn French and others, began on BBC One in the UK on 13 January 2008.


Lark Rise to Candleford (TV series)

Lark Rise to Candleford is a British television costume drama series, adapted by the BBC from Flora Thompson's trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels about the English countryside. The first episode aired on 13 January 2008 on BBC One and BBC HD. Its cast includes actors from other late 2007 and early 2008 BBC costume dramas such as "Sense and Sensibility" and "Cranford".

The story set in Oxfordshire. It is about Laura Timmins, a teenage girl from the village of Lark Rise who is sent by her parents to work as an assistant at the post office in the nearby town of Candleford. The post office is run by Miss Dorcas Lane, who is a cousin of Laura's mother. Laura's father, the stonemason Robert Timmins, at first misses her but later becomes proud of her for doing well in her new job. Laura's friend Alf Arless is in love with her, but, as Laura becomes used to life in Candleford, he realises that she will never return his feelings.

The other post office workers are the postman, Thomas Brown, a very religious man who tries not to get involved in any kind of mischief or fun; the maid Zillah, who has been with Miss Lane for many years and considers herself in charge of the household; and Mrs Macey, the senior assistant who decides to leave when other people find out that her husband has been in prison.

A second series began in January 2009, introducing some new characters. These include a new maid, Minnie, and a rich hotel-owner, James Dowland, who falls in love with Dorcas Lane.

In the end, the series had a four season run. The BBC stopped a fifth season, because the team felt that after four seasons, the time was right to bring in new dramas. It was said they hoped viewers would love the new programmes in the same way. The last episode on BBC was in early 2011.

The Debtors Act of 1869 abolished putting people in prison for debt they could not pay. The series makes much of Mrs Arless', played by Dawn French, imprisonment for debt. In the novels the events are played out in the 1880s and later. So imprisonment for debt would therefore be a mistake in the chronology of time.


Cinnabar

Cinnabar is a mineral. It is the main ore of mercury and is made up of the chemical mercuric sulphide (HgS). 

Cinnabar exists in two crystal forms. Red cinnabar is used for the pigment vermilion. It is poisonous, and may go black with age. The other crystal form is black, and does not react chemically to anything except strong acids. Cinnabar has a Mohs hardness of 2–2.5. 

Cinnabar has been mined since the Neolithic age. 

Rattlesnake

The rattlesnake is a kind of snake, a reptile. About 50 species of rattlesnakes are known: they are a kind of pit viper. 

There are two groups of rattlesnakes: the genera "Crotalus" and "Sistrurus". All have a venomous bite, and some are much more dangerous than others. Pit vipers have a set of heat-sensing "pits" on their heads which help them find prey and move towards it, even in the dark.

The name "rattlesnake" is used because they have a special tail with several parts on the end that can make a loud "bzzzz" sound, or rattle. This defends them against predators and large animals. It acts as a warning signal. 

Rattlesnakes are native to the Americas from southwest Canada to central Argentina. They usually live in dry areas. They eat small animals such as birds and rodents.

When they are young, many are eaten by birds. When they are adult, they have a particular enemy: the common kingsnake, "Lampropeltis getula", a colubrid snake.

12 Rounds (movie)

12 Rounds is a 2009 movie. It is directed by Renny Harlin and produced by WWE Films. The actors include John Cena, Steve Harris, Aidan Gillen, and Brian J. White. Filming took place in New Orleans between February 25 and May 12, 2008. It was released in the United States on March 27, 2009.

The movie follows Danny Baxter (Cena), a New Orleans police detective, as he begins a 12-round battle of wits to recover his kidnapped girlfriend, Janine, from criminal master Miles Jackson III.

Miami Seaquarium

The Miami Seaquarium is an aquarium on Virginia Key, in Miami, Florida. The park has animals such as dolphins, whales, snakes, crocodiles, alligators, sharks, fish, parrots, turtles or sea turtles, etc. It has been open since 1955.

The main attraction is Lolita, the world's oldest captive orca. She is now the park's only orca. Animal rights activists have long argued that the tank does not meet federal minimum requirements (Animal Welfare Act). The USDA has recently made statements in support of the activists' argument. However, Lolita is a special case.

Winter solstice

The winter solstice is the time when the sun has the biggest distance to the Tropic of Cancer. After this, the sun is going to move to back in the direction of the equator.

The Earth revolves around the Sun. The sunlight reaches the Earth at an angle. On each day of the year, the sun will be perpendicular at a given latitude. At the start of spring and at the start of autumn it passes over the equator. On the June Solstice it is over the Tropic of Cancer, at 23.5 degrees north. In the Northern Hemisphere this is the longest day of the year, which has the shortest night and is called the Summer Solstice. In the Southern Hemisphere this is the shortest day of the year, which has the longest night and is called the Winter Solstice. On the December Solstice it is over the Tropic of Capricorn, at 23.5 degrees south. In the Southern Hemisphere this is the longest day of the year, which has the shortest night and is called the Summer Solstice. In the Northern Hemisphere this is the shortest day of the year, which has the longest night and is called the Winter Solstice.

For the northern hemisphere, the Winter solstice is around 21 December. This means that the sun is at the southern tropic. For the southern Hemisphere, the winter solstice is around 21 June. This means that the sun is at the northern tropic.

The word solstice comes from Latin "Sol" (sun) and "sistere" (to not move), winter solstice meaning Sun standstill in winter.

The earth prone and moves in an elliptic way around the sun. Because of this, the point from where the sun is shining moves between the Tropic of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer.

The winter solstice is celebrated around 21 December since 1582, when Pope Gregory XIII introduced the Gregorian calendar.

Sergio Castillo

Sergio Castillo (13 May 1925 – 19 August 2010 in Santiago, Chile) was a sculptor.

He began as an architect. In 1948 he travelled to Paris and took painting courses. After returning to Chile he attended the Faculty of Arts of the University of Chile, where he studied with two known teachers, Lily Garafulic and Marta Colvin. In 1956 he studied at the Art Student League of New York. From 1967 he taught at the University of Chile. He lived and worked for many years at San Lorenzo del Escorial, Spain. In 1985 he joined the faculty of Boston University, in the US. He built several large pieces on the campus of Boston University.

He won the National Award in Art (1997). “50 años creando mis animales en acero” (50 years making my steel animals) is his recent exposition, including things that look a little like animals.


Summer solstice

The summer solstice is when the Sun is at its highest point in the sky during a year. The solstice itself is one moment, but many use the word to mean the day when the solstice happens. The summer solstice does not always happen on exactly the same day.

The word solstice comes from Latin and means that "the Sun stands still". 

For the northern hemisphere, the summer solstice is around 21 June (20, 21 or 22 of June). This means that the sun is at the northern tropic. For the southern hemisphere, the summer solstice is around 21 December. This means that the sun is at the southern tropic.

Bearded dragon

Bearded dragons are agamid lizards in the genus "Pogona".

The central bearded dragon is the common name for "Pogona vitticeps", which lives in dry areas of Australia The name "bearded dragon" refers to the fringes around and under the head. The underside of the throat turns black if they are stressed or see a potential rival.

Central bearded dragons can grow to about 2 feet long. Half of the length of a bearded dragon's body is its tail. Females are usually smaller than males. If a bearded dragon is scared, it will flatten its body against the ground, puff out its spiky throat, and open its jaws to make itself look larger. Bearded dragons sometimes open their mouths wide to allow hot air to warm them better when they are lying in the sun. They also open their mouths to help them cool down; the warm air and heat escapes through their mouths. This behavior is similar to panting.

Central bearded dragons eat small and large insects, such as grasshoppers and worms. They also eat leaves, fruit, vegetables and flowers. They get most of their water from the food they eat, but they also need to drink sometimes. You can also give them horn worms (tomato worms) as a treat once or twice a every two months as a treat. 


Mensa International

Mensa International (or just Mensa) is the largest, oldest and most famous high-IQ group of people in the world. The non-profit organization only has members with high IQs. They must score at the 98th percentile or higher on a standardized, supervised intelligence test. In many cases the IQ you have to have to join is 130.



Mensa

Mensa, meaning "table" in Latin, could mean:


When a plural exists, it is often Mensae, such as Cydonia Mensae.

Intertel

Intertel is the second oldest and third largest high IQ society. Members must score in the top one percentile on a standardized, supervised IQ test.

The name was originally ""The International Legion of Intelligence"" and members are called "ILIans".


Coweta (disambiguation)

Coweta can mean:


Dow Jones Industrial Average

The Dow Jones Industrial Average (, also called the DJIA, Dow 30, The Dow Jones or The Dow) is a stock market index. It was created by Charles Dow, who started the "Wall Street Journal" newspaper and later Dow Jones & Company.

The stock prices of 30 companies are used to calculate the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The 30 companies are picked by experts who work for Dow Jones. They are supposed to represent the general economy of the United States. The rules to pick companies say that all the companies must be from the USA. The rules also say the companies' stocks must be traded on either the NYSE or the Nasdaq Exchange. 

In the past the companies were all heavy industries companies and made things like steel, oil, autos, and appliances. Now the it has many different kinds of companies including some that offer products and services like medicine or software.

Since 2020, these are the companies that currently make up the Dow Jones:
For a list of companies that have once been a part on the Dow Jones but are no longer part of it, see .

Old Major (Animal Farm)

Old Major is a character in the book "Animal Farm". He is an award winning elderly Middle White boar. He is twelve years of age, and had 400 piglets. Old Major has a wise and benevolent look but his tushes are never cut. He had given inspiration to the other pigs about the fair rules on the farm once the farmers were gone, before Old Major died. Old Major is based on Marx and Lenin of the Russian Revolution, whose ideas changed into Communism.

One evening, Old Major said that he had a dream the night before. Because of the dream, a meeting was to be held in the big barn at night. At the meeting, he talked with the other animals about the cause of their suffering, Man. He gave them the way to end their problem, rebellion. Later, he told the farm animals about his dream. In the dream he saw the Earth after Man was no longer on it. He also remembered a song sung by the animals of old, "Beasts of England", which the animals learned very fast.

While the animals were singing "Beasts of England", the sound woke their owner Mr. Jones. He fired his gun six times. This ended the meeting immediately. Old Major died peacefully in his sleep 3 days later.

Yanomami

The Yanomami (also spelled Yąnomamö or Yanomama) is a local tribe living in southern Venezuela (Amazonas department) and northern Brazil (Amazonas state and Roraima). There are approximately 35,000 Yanomami people who live in some 200–250 villages. They live in "shabonos", which are villages made with wood, straw and palm leaves.
They are also called Yanomamo and Yanam.
The word "Yanomami" means "human being".

The Yanomami tribe have lived in the rain forests of South America for centuries.
They live in small groups, and shelter in one huge house and it is called a Yanos which can hold up to 250 Yanomami.

The Yanomami tribe is also known as the Yanomamo. There is an average of 20,000 Yanomami. 
About 12,000 of them are Yanomamo. They eat plantains which is the most important food. The Yanomami love to hunt. Most of the child 
raising is done by the females of the family. Yanomami tribe villages sometimes have different languages so people from one may not understand the others. Rituals are a very important part of being a Yanomami. There are about 200-250 Yanomami villages in the area between the tropic of cancer to Capricorn. 

Glamis Castle

Glamis Castle is one of the most famous castles in the United Kingdom. It is near the village of Glamis, in Angus, Scotland. It is the home of the Earl and Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne. Glamis Castle was the childhood home of Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, best known as the Queen Mother. Her daughter, Princess Margaret, was born there. A picture of the castle is featured on the Royal Bank of Scotland ten pound note. 

Parts of the castle and its gardens are open to the public. There is also a tea room for visitors.

There are many famous stories and legends about Glamis Castle.

Glamis Castle is set in the wide valley of Strathmore, near Forfar, the capital of Angus. It is between the Sidlaw Hills to the south and the Grampian Mountains to the north, about 12 miles (20 kilometres) from the North Sea. 

The estate (the castle's land) covers more than 14,000 acres (57 km²). There are gardens and walking trails, as well as a farm which produces beef and a plantation (planted forest) which produces timber. There are two streams run through the estate. Near one stream, called the Glamis Burn is an "arboretum" (a tree garden) which has trees from all over the world, many of them rare and several hundred years old. Birds and other small wildlife can often be seen in the grounds.





Oasis

In geography, an oasis is an isolated place in the desert where there is vegetation. Most often, this occurs around a source of water. Oases provide a habitat for animals and are used as a source of water for humans.

The knowledge of the location of oases has been important for trade and transportation routes in desert areas. Caravans must travel via oases so that supplies of water and food can be refilled. Thus, political or military control of an oasis has in many cases meant control of trade on a particular route. For example, the oases of Awjila, Ghadames and Kufra, in modern-day Libya, have at various times been vital to both North-South and East-West trade in the Sahara desert. The word "oasis" came into English via Greek ὄασις , which was borrowed from Egyptian "wḥ3t" or Demotic "wḥỉ". It was not borrowed from Coptic "ouaḥe" (<nowiki>*</nowiki>/waħe/), as is sometimes suggested; the Greek word is attested several centuries before Coptic existed as a written language.

Ancient Near East

The Ancient Near East is the name given to early civilizations within a region roughly corresponding to the modern Middle East: Mesopotamia (modern Iraq and Syria), Persia (modern Iran), Anatolia (modern Turkey), the Levant (modern Syria, Lebanon, Israel, Palestine, and Jordan), and Ancient Egypt, from the rise of Sumer in the 4th millennium BCE until the region's conquest by Alexander the Great in the 4th century BCE, or covering both the Bronze Age and the Iron Age in the region. As such, it is a term widely used in the fields of Near Eastern archaeology, ancient history and Egyptology.
Some would exclude Egypt from the ancient Near East as a geographically and culturally distinct area. However, because of Egypt's intimate involvement with the region, especially from the 2nd millennium BCE, this exclusion is rare.

The ancient Near East is considered the cradle of civilization. It was the first to practice intensive year-round agriculture; it gave the rest of the world the first writing system, invented the potter's wheel and then the vehicular- and mill wheel, created the first centralized governments, law codes and empires, as well as introducing social stratification, slavery and organized warfare, and it laid the foundation for the fields of astronomy and mathematics.

Boxer (Animal Farm)

Boxer is a character from the book Animal Farm by George Orwell. He is a horse, and is nearly eighteen hands high. In the book he is as strong as two horses put together. He has a white stripe down his nose, and that gives him a strange appearance. But still he was respected for his great power in work and his good character. He works as a cart-horse, as does Clover. And, though well hidden, Benjamin does actually admire Boxer for his courage and considers him a good friend and companion who he wishes to spend the rest of his time with in Animal Farm (though that wish is unfortunately unachievable). 

In the book Boxer falls into the quarry when he was pulling a cart full of rock and is sent to a veterinarian on another farm by Napoleon. Squealer, Napoleon's spokesman, then claims he died peacefully, but Benjamin realizes he has actually gone to the knacker's (slang for slaughterhouse, where animals are killed). Boxer was the most hard-working animal in the farm and was respected by all. When Boxer tried to support Snowball against Squealer, Napoleon tries to attack Boxer with his dogs but Boxer easily crushes the dog. Boxer is an ideal character showing loyalty along with his great hard work. 

His slogans are: 

He is a very loyal, caring character, but he is flawed in his lack of intelligence and does not see the real truth behind situations.


Benjamin (Animal Farm)

In the fictional story "Animal Farm", Benjamin is the oldest animal on Manor Farm, and very cool-tempered. He seldom speaks, except to make some cynical remark. He is the only animal on the farm that never laughs, saying that there was nothing to laugh at when asked about it. Without admitting it, Benjamin is devoted to Boxer, grazing with him in a small paddock near the orchard on Sundays. He was not changed by the rebellion that took place towards the beginning of the novel.

Atari 2600

The Atari 2600 is a video game console released in the United States in October 1977. The Atari 2600 was originally called the Atari Video Computer System (or VCS). The Atari 2600 uses game cartridges which can be swapped in and out to change games, which was a new idea in video games at the time. Over 30 million Atari 2600 consoles were sold.

While Atari designed their console, they code-named it Stella. When released in 1977, they called it the Video Computer System (VCS for short). There was also a version that was sold at Sears called the Sears Video Arcade. It was not called the Atari 2600 until the Atari 5200 released in 1982. The 2600 is called this because that is the part number the company used to tell the difference in versions.

When the Atari 2600 came out, it usually came with two joystick controllers, a pair of paddle controllers, and a game cartridge. There were initially nine games available at launch, featuring "Combat" (packaged with the console), "Air-Sea Battle", "Basic Math", "Blackjack", "Indy 500", "Star Ship", "Street Racer", "Surround", and "Video Olympics". The 2600 originally sold for $199.
The Atari 2600 uses different sets of colors depending on the television used with it:

When the Atari 2600 was released nine games were available. Those games were "Combat" (which came with the console), "Air-Sea Battle", "Basic Math", "Blackjack", "Indy 500", "Star Ship", "Street Racer", "Surround", and "Video Olympics". Later more games came out, including "Pac-Man", "Missile Command" and "Space Invaders". The best-selling Atari 2600 game was "Pac-Man", which sold 7 million copies.

"Combat" was chosen to be included in the box with the Atari 2600. It contained 27 games in one cartridge. Each game involved tanks, bi-planes, or jets.

"Space Invaders" began as an intensely popular Japanese arcade game. In 1980 a version of the game was released for the Atari 2600. The pixelated aliens from this game are still used as a popular symbol for video games today.

"Pac-Man" began as an arcade game developed by Namco. In 1982 a version was released for the Atari 2600. It sold the most copies of any game released for the Atari 2600 (7 million copies). Despite this, the game was not popular with critics and consumers, because of the major differences in gameplay between the 2600 version and the arcade version.

See for a bigger list of games.

In 1980 the Atari 2600 was at the middle of an important development in video games, the beginning of third-party developers for console video games. In 1980 a group of four dissatisfied Atari employees founded the company Activision, who then released four games: "Dragster", "Fishing Derby", "Checkers", and "Boxing". This was an important moment in video game history as now every video game console on the market depends on some third-party game support.

Today those who want to play the games designed for the 2600 do not have to try to find the original console and cartridge as many of the games have been recreated in video game emulators. One such emulator, Stella, will function on most any operating system. After downloading this emulator users can download games from other websites and use this program to play them.

In 1986, a cheaper version of the Atari 2600 was released. Some people called this the Atari 2600 Junior. It was smaller than the original version. This system cost $50.


Master System

The is a home video game console made in 1985. It was not very popular in North America and Japan but was very popular in Brazil. One of the most popular games of the Master System was "Sonic the Hedgehog".

, the Master System was still in production in Brazil by Tectoy. This would make it the world's longest-lived console.

In October 1985, the Sega Mark III was released in Japan for ¥15,000.

The console was redesigned as the "Master System", and it was released in North America in 1986 at a price of $200 (). It included a multicart of the games "Hang-On" and "Safari Hunt". By the end of 1986, 125,000 Master System consoles had been sold. This was more than the Atari 7800's 100,000, but it was less than the NES's 1.1 million.

The console was re-released as the Master System in Japan in October 1987 for ¥16,800. It still sold poorly as did the Mark III. Neither model posed a serious challenge to Nintendo in Japan.
Sega released the Mega Drive, a 16-bit video game console, in Japan on October 29, 1988. The last game released for the Mark III/Master System in Japan was "Bomber Raid" in 1989.

By early 1992, Master System production stopped in North America. By that time, between 1.5 million and 2 million units had been sold in the United States.

The Master System later became a success in Europe. In Europe, it sold more than the NES by a lot. As late as 1993, the Master System's active installed user base in Europe was 6.25 million units. That was larger than that of the Mega Drive's 5.73 million base that year. Combined with the Mega Drive, Sega had the majority of the console user base in Europe that year.

The Master System has had the most success in Brazil. In Brazil, new versions have continued to be released. Tectoy has been manufacturing Master Systems since 1989. These versions include the Master System Compact and the Master System 3. In 2015, it was reported that the Master System sells around 150,000 units per year in Brazil. By 2016, the Master System had sold 8 million units in Brazil. Because Tectoy continued to produce the Master System years for so long, the Master System is considered the longest-lived in the history of video game consoles.

It is estimated that 13 million Master Systems were sold. This does not include recent Brazil sales.

Remote control

A remote control is a device used to issue commands (controlling it) from a distance to televisions, DVD players, doorbells and so on. 

A remote controller does not have a wire and can be held by hand. It has buttons for volume, changing television channels and more.

Infrared or radio signals are used to communicate with the devices. Batteries make remote controls and controllers work. Mostly AAA, AA or coin battery size batteries are used.

Spacewar!

Spacewar! is one of the first known video games. It was released in 1962. It was made by Steve Russell and others. In this game, the player has to shoot the other spaceships while flying around a star. The ships shoot missiles (rockets) which were unaffected (nothing happened) by the gravity. Each ship had only a few missiles and only a little bit of fuel. The hyperspace could be used to avoid being hit by a missile but the ship would reappear at a random place. The more the player used hyperspace, the bigger the chance that the spaceship would explode.

Giotto

Giotto di Bondone (c.1267–8 January 1337), usually known as Giotto, was an Italian painter and architect from Florence. He is generally thought of as the first in a line of great artists of the Italian Renaissance.

Giovanni Villani, who lived at the same time as Giotto, wrote that he was the king of painters, who drew all his figures as if they were alive. Villani says that, because he was so clever, the city of Florence gave him a salary.

In the 16th century, the biographer Giorgio Vasari says that Giotto changed painting from the Byzantine style of other artists of his day, and brought to life the great art of painting as it was made by the later Renaissance painters like Leonardo da Vinci. This was because Giotto drew his figures from life, rather than copying the style them from old well-known pictures in the way that the Byzantine artists like Cimabue and Duccio did.

Giotto's greatest work is the decoration of the "Scrovegni Chapel" in Padua, finished around 1305. The building is sometimes called the "Arena Chapel" because it is on the site of an Ancient Roman arena. This fresco series shows the life of the Virgin and the life of Christ. It is thought of as one of the greatest masterpieces of the Early Renaissance.

Although Vasari wrote about Giotto's life, it is not known how many of the stories are true, because Vasari was writing more than 200 years after Giotto died. Only two things are known for certain. It is known that in 1334 Giotto was chosen by the "commune" (town council) of Florence to design the bell tower next to Florence Cathedral which was being built at that time. It is also known for certain that Giotto painted the "Arena Chapel". But no-one can be certain where he was born, who his teacher was, what he looked like, whether he really painted the famous frescos at Assisi or where he was buried when he died.

Giotto was probably born in a hilltop farmhouse, perhaps at Colle di Romagnano or Romignano. He was the son of a well-respected man named Bondone. His name Giotto might have been a nickname from Ambrogiotto (little Ambrose) or Angelotto (little Angelo).
The year of his death is 1337, but the year of his birth (1267) is based on a poem by Antonio Pucci, the town crier of Florence, who said that Giotto was seventy when he died. Some people think that Pucci just used seventy because it fitted the rhyme of his poem, and that perhaps Giotto was a quite different age when he died.

In his "Lives of the Artists", Giorgio Vasari tells the story of how Giotto was a shepherd boy, a merry and intelligent child who was loved by all who knew him. One day the great Florentine painter Cimabue passed by and saw him drawing pictures of his sheep on a rock. They were so lifelike that Cimabue asked Bondone if he could take the boy as an apprentice. Many art historians think this story is just a legend. They think that Giotto's family was quite rich, and they moved to Florence where Giotto was sent to Cimabue's workshop as an apprentice.

Vasari tells several stories to show how clever Giotto was, and what a sense of humour he had. Vasari writes that when Cimabue was away from the workshop, Giotto painted a fly on the face of the painting that his master was working on. When Cimabue came back, he tried several times to brush the fly off.

Vasari also tells the story that the Pope wanted to see if Giotto would be a good artists to paint some important pictures. The Pope sent a messenger asking Giotto to send him back a small picture. Instead of doing a painting, which would take many days, Giotto drew, in red paint, a circle that was so perfect that it seemed as though it was drawn using a pair of compasses. Giotto told the messenger to give that to the Pope.

Giotto's master, Cimabue, was one of the two most famous painters of Tuscany. He worked in Florence, while the other famous painter, Duccio, worked mainly in Siena. Around 1280, Giotto and Cimabue went to Rome, where there were several fresco painters. The most famous painter in Rome was Pietro Cavallini. The famous sculptor and architect from Florence, Arnolfo di Cambio, was also working in Rome. Giotto would have seen the paintings and sculpture by these different artists. Pietro Cavallini's paintings and Arnolfo's sculpture was far more realistic and three-dimensional than the paintings by Giotto's teacher Cimabue.

From Rome, Giotto's teacher Cimabue went to Assisi to paint several large frescoes at the "Upper Church" of the newly built Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi. Through the 19th century,and for much of the 20th century it was believed that Giotto had also painted a famous series of frescos in the "Upper Church". These pictures show the "Life of St. Francis". From 1912, some art historians who studied these frescos more closely, decided that they were the work of several different artists (probably four), probably from Rome, and that probably none of the pictures were by Giotto. Nowadays, most art historians agree with this, but some books and some websites continue to say that these paintings are by Giotto. All the papers that belonged to the monastery were destroyed by Napoleon's soldiers, so there is no record of which artist was paid to do the job.

Vasari wrote that Giotto's earliest works were for the Dominican Friars at the Church of Santa Maria Novella in Florence. These paintings include a fresco of the Annunciation and the enormous suspended "Crucifix" which is about 5 metres high painted in about 1290 In 1312, a rich Florentine gentleman called Ricuccio Pucci left money in his will so that a lamp could be kept burning before the crucifix "by the illustrious painter Giotto".

In 1287, when he was about 20, Giotto married Ricevuta di Lapo del Pela, known as "Ciuta". The couple had many children, perhaps eight. One of the sons, Francesco, became a painter. Giotto's fame as a painter spread. He was called to work in Rome, Padua, and Rimini, where his "Crucifix" can be seen in the Church of St Francis. Giotto became rich enough to buy land in the wealthy city of Florence. This probably means that he was the master of a large workshop.

Giotto's most famous works are the fresco paintings in the Scrovegni Chapel in Padua. These were painted sometime between 1303 and 1310. The Scrovegni Chapel is often called the "Arena Chapel" because it is on the site of an Roman arena.

Giotto was "commissioned" (given the work) by a rich Paduan man called Enrico degli Scrovegni. Enrico built the chapel and had it painted as a place to pray for the soul of his dead father. It was next to a very old palace that Enrico was restoring to live in. The palace has gone now, but the chapel is still standing. The outside of the building is very plain, pinkish-red bricks.
The inside of the chapel is also very simple. It is long, with a chancel at one end where a priest can say the mass, an arched roof and windows down one side. The walls have been painted with three tiers (layers) of pictures. The "theme" (the main idea) in the pictures is God's Salvation of people through Jesus Christ.

In the usual way for churches of that date, the wall above the main door has a large painting of the "Last Judgement". At the other end of the building, on either side of the chancel archway are paintings of the Annunciation. One side shows the Virgin Mary and the other side show the Angel Gabriel who is bringing her the message that she will have a son, Jesus.

Around the walls, starting at the top layer, are scenes which tell the life of the Virgin Mary. Under them, in two layers, are the stories of the life of Jesus. There are 37 scenes altogether.

Giotto's master Cimabue painted in a Medieval style. But Giotto's paintings look quite different. The writer Giorgio Vasari says that Giotto brought about a complete change in painting, with a more natural style. Giotto would have seen the paintings of Pietro Cavallini and some Ancient Roman sculpture, on his visit to Rome. He also saw the sculpture of Arnolfo di Cambio who worked in Florence. The style of these sculptured figures was solid and natural, not "elongated" (made longer) like most Medieval sculptured and painted figures.

The figures that Giotto painted are solid and three-dimensional. They have anatomy, faces and actions that look very natural, because they have been drawn from looking at real people. The clothes of the figures are not arranged to form a beautiful pattern, like the clothes in Cimabue's paintings. They fit the figures and hang in a natural way like real clothes. This more natural way of showing people was started by Pietro Cavallini, but Giotto took the new ideas much further.

In the paintings around the walls of the Scrovegni Chapel, each scene looks like a shallow stage with actors on it. There are always some buildings or landscape such as a rocky hill, so that the viewer can see where the action is happening. The figures in each scene are carefully arranged so that the viewer can imagine that they are right there, taking part in the action.

The figures are not just shown with natural bodies, clothing and action. Giotto is a brilliant story-teller, because he shows the emotions of the characters in each painting, in both their faces and their "gestures" (body movement).

A famous English critic of the 1800s, John Ruskin, said that while Giotto painted the Madonna and St. Joseph and the Christ Child, he also painted them to look like an ordinary "Mamma, Papa and Baby."

Giotto had pupils who copied his style. Many other artists were influence by him. These painters include Guariento, Giusto de' Menabuoi, Jacopo Avanzi, and Altichiero. In the next hundred years, there were many churches and chapels painted with scenes like the ones that Gitto painted. The Scrovegni Chapel paintings were so famous that many other artists, such as Michelangelo, who lived 200 years later, made drawing or copies of them.

From 1306 to 1311 Giotto was in Assisi, painting frescoes in the "Lower Church". The paintings are about "The Life of Christ", "the Teachings of the Franciscan Friars" and "The Lives of the Saints".

In 1311 Giotto returned to Florence. In 1313 He went to Rome to design a mosaic for the façade (front) of the old St. Peter's Basilica. This was destroyed when the building was demolished.

From 1314 until 1327 Giotto lived in Florence. At this time he pianted the famous altarpiece for the Ognissanti Church (Church of All Saints). This large tempera painting is called the "Ognissanti Madonna". It is now in the Uffizi where it is exhibited beside Cimabue's "Santa Trinita Madonna" and Duccio's "Rucellai Madonna". Giotto also painted a very large "Crucifix" to hang in Ognissanti Church.

The sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti wrote that in 1318 Giotto began to paint four Chapels at the Church of Santa Croce. The chapels were paid for by four different rich families and were given their names. Giotto painted the "Life of St. Francis" in the Bardi Chapel. He painted the "Life of St. John the Baptist" and the "Life of St. John the Evangelist" in the Peruzzi Chapel. He painted "Stories of the Virgin Mary" in the Tosinghi Spinelli Chapel and "Stories of the Apostles" in the Giugni Chapel. The Giugni Chapel has been destroyed. The Peruzzi Chapel was very famous during Renaissance times. More than 150 years later, Michelangelo came to studied Giotto's paintings.

In the 1320s Giotto painted two large altarpieces. The first was the Stefaneschi Triptych, which is now in the Vatican Museum. (A triptych is a painting on three panels. Some triptychs are very small and can be folded up and carried around, but this triptych is a large altarpiece.) The second altarpiece is called the Baroncelli Polyptych. (A polyptych has lots of parts, big and small. They are usually made as great big altarpieces for important churches, and have big, carved gold frames.)

Giotto travelled around and did paintings in Rome, Naples and Bologna. He always took a group of students with him. Nowadays, many of the frescos that he painted in these cities have been destroyed by damp, by earthquakes, by war and by people demolishing the church to build a new one. Because Giotto was very famous, people always liked to believe that he painted the fresco in their church. Many frescos are probably by Giotto's students.

In 1334 Giotto was in Florence where the magnificent new Florence Cathedral was being built. Giotto was made the chief architect and was given the job of designing a huge tower to hold the cathedral bells. It is called Giotto's Bell Tower and was designed and begun by him on July 18 1334, but it was not completed to his design.

As he grew old, Giotto became friends with two writers, Giovanni Boccaccio and Sacchetti, who both thought that he was such an entertaining and famous person that they wrote about him in their stories. The most famous writer of that time, Dante, also wrote about him in his book "The Divine Comedy". Dante said that Giotto was the greatest painter in the world, even greater than his famous master, Cimabue.

Giotto died in January 1337. Vasari wrote that Giotto was buried in Santa Maria del Fiore, the Cathedral of Florence, on the left of the entrance and with the spot marked by a white marble plaque.
In the 1970s, some bones were discovered underneath the paving near at a spot described by Vasari. In 2000 the bones were examined by experts.

The bones were those of a very short man, just over four feet tall. In a fresco in the Church of Santa Croce, there is a figure of a man who is a dwarf (a person who is very short). People at that church have always said that the dwarf was Giotto himself. The bones that were found at the cathedral support this story. Also, the bones had lots of unusual chemicals in them, such as arsenic and lead, which were found in the artist's paints. After the bones had been examined, they were buried with great honour, because many people believed that they were the remains of the great artist. Not everybody believes this.




Pliny the Younger

Gaius or Caius Plinius Caecilius Secundus, born Gaius or Caius Plinius Caecilius (61/63 in Como - ca. 113), better known as Pliny the Younger, was a lawyer, a remarkable writer, an author, and natural philosopher of Ancient Rome. Pliny's uncle, Pliny the Elder, helped raise and educate him and they were both witnesses to the eruption of Vesuvius on August 24th, 79 AD.


Moura Photovoltaic Power Station

The Moura Photovoltaic Power Station is in the municipality of Moura, in the interior region of Alentejo, Portugal. It has an installed capacity of 62 MWp. The first stage of construction was finished in 2008 and the second and final stage was finished in 2010. Together with the construction of the power station, a solar panel factory is currently being built and there are plans for a research lab dedicated to solar energy.

The brainchild of Prof Mario Baptista Coelho, the founding partner of Renatura and a Professor of Geostrategy of Natural Resources at the Faculty of Sciences of Lisbon, Moura was the first step in proving the feasibility of Very-Large Scale Photovoltaic Plants.

Originally conceptualized in 1999, Moura is a stepping stone in addressing the issue of carbon dioxide by way of solar energy.

Moura is currently operated by Acciona, which purchased the project in 2007.

Coped with Moura is the Sunflower Sustainability Project, as in integrated package of the paradigm of sustainability and Zero-Carbon Communities (www.sunflower-project.net).

Jérémie

Jérémie (Kréyòl: "Jeremi") is a city in southwest Haiti. It is the capital city of the Grand'Anse "Département".

Jérémie is also called the "City of Poets" because of the many writers, poets, and historians that were born or live there, such as Etzer Vilaire and Émile Roumer. The father of the French writer Alexandre Dumas, père, General Thomas-Alexandre Dumas, was born at Madère, near Jérémie.

The town was founded in 1756 when the country was the French colony of "Saint-Domingue". It was built where there was a small fishing town called "Trou-Jérémie".

The city is on the north coast of the Southern Peninsula, on a small bay. It is among low mountains (Bordes, Rochasse and Caracol) and almost isolated from the rest of the country, about 280 km south of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince. To the southeast of the city is the River Grande-Anse.

It is also the chief town of an "arrondissement" (a part of a department) with the same name. The "arrondissement" has five "communes" (a "commune" is like a municipality): Jérémie, Abricots, Bonbon, Chambellan and Moron.

Jeremie is an important Haitian port; bananas are send to other countries from this port.

There are several interesting places to visit and see in Jérémie and near the city. Some of them are:


Three Mile Island accident

The Three Mile Island accident occurred on March 28th, 1979 at the Three Mile Island Nuclear Power Plant in Pennsylvania. It was "the single most important event in the fifty-year history of nuclear power regulation in the United States". Many people have seen the event as a turning point for the nuclear power industry in the United States. 
The Three Mile Island power station is near Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The accident resulted in a partial core meltdown in Unit 2 of the nuclear power plant. Unit 2's pressurized water reactor was of 900 MWe capacity. 

The chain of events that led to the crisis at the TMI plant included several minor equipment failures that operator errors drastically compounded, resulting in a major accident. The Three Mile Island accident is largely seen as a failure of crisis management. According to one reviewer of the book:
Reactor operators were not trained to deal with accident conditions, and the NRC had not established effective communication with utilities. Moreover, once the accident occurred, the lines of authority proved to be ill defined. The public received conflicting reports that caused needless panic and evacuations. It was these systemic weaknesses in the regulatory system that allowed gifted people to make the mistakes they did.
Large portions of the TMI-2 reactor core melted, though the fact that a partial meltdown had occurred did not become clear until 1985. The greatest source of concern during the TMI crisis was a hydrogen bubble that formed in the top of the pressure vessel which held the core:

Although opinions differed, some reactor experts feared that over time the hydrogen bubble might become flammable or, less likely, explosive by combining with free oxygen in the vessel. If the bubble burned or exploded, it could rupture the pressure vessel and force the damaged reactor core into the containment building. The loss of the vessel would not make a breach of containment inevitable, but it would increase the risk of a disastrous release of radiation.
In the end, the Three Mile Island accident, though it "caused a grave crisis, did not produce a public health disaster". In the face of a core meltdown, the pressure vessel held and there was no breach of the plant's containment structure. Only "tiny amounts of the most dangerous forms of volatile radiation escaped to the atmosphere". The TMI-2 cleanup took 11 years and cost about US$1 billion.

J. Samuel Walker suggests that the TMI accident incited widespread criticism of nuclear power technology, the nuclear industry, and the NRC. Critics faulted the industry and the NRC for their poor performance both before and after the accident. The international attention garnered by the crisis redoubled the determination of, and enhanced the credibility of, the anti-nuclear movement. Arguably, the United States nuclear industry has never recovered.

Walker reports that studies looking for long-term radiation effects resulting from the accident have reached conflicting conclusions, but it seems that any increase in cancers is slight enough to have occurred by chance.

Windscale fire

The Windscale fire was a fire in Britain's first nuclear reactor at Windscale (now Sellafield) on 10 October 1957. The fire spread radioactive fallout over hundreds of miles. Some of the most dangerous contamination was kept secret, and its effects only came to light years later. At the back of the reactor, ruptured fuel cartridges containing uranium are still jammed in the fire damaged core, awaiting safe removal. Official estimates are that about a hundred people died from the contamination. The cleanup cost over a hundred million pounds. The Windscale fire was the first fire in any nuclear facility.

Alan

Alan may refer to:


"Following are people commonly referred to solely by "Alan" or by a homonymous name."






Tokaimura nuclear accident

The Tokaimura nuclear accident was a serious nuclear radiation accident in Japan. It took place at a uranium-reprocessing facility in Tokaimura, northeast of Tokyo, Japan, on 30 September 1999. The accident occurred in a very small fuel preparation plant operated by JCO.
The direct cause of the accident was workers putting uranyl nitrate solution containing about 16.6 kg of uranium, which exceeded the critical mass, into a precipitation tank. The tank was not designed to dissolve this type of solution and was not designed to prevent such accidents to happen. As a result, three workers were exposed to neutron radiation doses in excess of allowable limits. Two of these workers later died.

Many emergency workers and nearby residents were hospitalized and hundreds of thousands of others were forced to remain indoors for 24 hours.

The three workers who worked at the uranium-reprocessing facility were Hisashi Ouchi, Masato Shinohara, and Yutaka Yokokawa. Two of them died of radiation poisoning. Hisashi Ouchi, aged 35, died 12 weeks after the accident. He had lost most of his skin, and was kept alive for 83 days, according to his parents and wife will. Ouchi was closest to the tank when the accident occurred. He ended up as the first victim of this nuclear accident. Seven months after the accident, Masato Shinohara died, aged 40. 

Ouchi was reported to have received 17 sieverts (sv) of radiation, Shinohara 10 sv and Yokokawa 3 sv; 8 sieverts is considered a fatal dose, and 50 milli sieverts is the maximum limit of annual dose allowed for Japanese nuclear workers.

Another 83 workers were subjected to higher radiation than normal.

Nuclear accidents in Japan

Nuclear accidents in Japan include the following major cases: 






Nuclear energy policy

Nuclear energy policy is a national and international policy concerning some or all aspects of nuclear energy, such as mining for nuclear fuel, extraction and processing of nuclear fuel from the ore, electricity generation by nuclear power, enriching and storing spent nuclear fuel and nuclear fuel reprocessing. Since nuclear energy and nuclear weapons technologies are closely related, military aspirations can act as a factor in energy policy decisions. The fear of nuclear proliferation influences some international nuclear energy policies.

The use of nuclear energy is limited to a relatively small number of countries in the world. As of 2007, only 31 countries, or 16% of the 191 United Nations Member States, operated nuclear power plants. Countries that rely most on nuclear energy were France (with 75% of its electricity generated by nuclear power stations), Lithuania, Belgium, Bulgaria, Slovakia and Sweden, Ukraine and South Korea. The largest producer of nuclear capacity was the USA with 28% of worldwide capacity, followed by France (18%) and Japan (12%). In 2000, there were 438 commercial nuclear generating units throughout the world, with a total capacity of about 351 gigawatts.

Following the March 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster, Germany has permanently shut down eight of its 17 reactors. Italy voted to keep their country non-nuclear. Switzerland and Spain have banned the construction of new reactors. As of 2013, countries such as Australia, Austria, Denmark, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Luxembourg, Malta, Portugal, Israel, Malaysia, New Zealand, and Norway remain opposed to nuclear power. Germany and Switzerland are phasing-out nuclear power. Globally, more nuclear power reactors have closed than opened in recent years.

After the 2011 accident at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, China, Germany, Switzerland, Israel, Malaysia, Thailand, United Kingdom, and the Philippines are reviewing their nuclear power programs. Indonesia and Vietnam still plan to build nuclear power plants. Countries such as Australia, Austria, Denmark, Greece, Ireland, Luxembourg, Portugal, Israel, Malaysia, New Zealand, North Korea, and Norway remain opposed to nuclear power.

Australia produces no nuclear power. Plans to review whether the country should develop nuclear power were abandoned after Kevin Rudd, who opposed the move, was elected prime minister in 2007.

As of 2006, Finland's nuclear power program has four nuclear reactors. The first of these came into operation in 1977. They now provide 27% of Finland's electricity.

The third Olkiluoto reactor will be the new European Pressurized Reactor. Scheduled to go on line in 2011, it will have a power output of 1600 MWe.

Construction of Olkiluoto 3 started in August 2005. Two and a half years later the project is "over two years behind schedule and at least 50% over budget, the loss for the provider being estimated at €1.5 billion".

After the oil crisis of the early 1970s, the French government decided in 1974 to move towards self-sufficiency in electricity production, primarily through the construction of nuclear power stations. France today produces around 78.1% of its electricity through nuclear power. Because France produces an overall electricity surplus, it exports nuclear-produced energy. Some of this goes to countries which are ostensibly against the use of nuclear energy, such as Germany. The Board of Electricité de France (Électricité de France or EDF) has approved construction of a 1630 MWe European Pressurized Reactor or EPR at Flamanville, Normandy. Construction is expected to begin in late 2007, with completion in 2012.

In the 1970s, an anti-nuclear movement in France, consisting of citizens' groups and political action committees, emerged. There were many large anti-nuclear protests and demonstrations. More recently, targeted campaigns have been conducted, mainly by Greenpeace, and Sortir du nucléaire (France) has called for an official safety inspection of the Areva facilities.

In 2000, the German government, consisting of a coalition including the Green party Alliance '90/The Greens officially announced its intention to phase out nuclear power in Germany. Jürgen Trittin, the Minister of Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety, reached an agreement with energy companies on the gradual shut down of the country's nineteen nuclear power plants and a cessation of civil usage of nuclear power by 2020. Legislation was enacted in the Nuclear Exit Law. The power plants in Stade and Obrigheim were turned off on November 14, 2003, and May 11, 2005, respectively. Dismantling of the plants is scheduled to begin in 2007. But the Nuclear Exit Law did not ban enrichment stations - one in Gronau has received permission to extend operations. There have been concerns over the safety of the phase-out, particularly in terms of the transport of nuclear waste. In 2005 Angela Merkel won the German federal election in 2005 with the CDU party. She has subsequently announced to re-negotiate with energy companies the time limit for a shut down of nuclear power stations. But as part of her pact with the SPD, with whom the CDU form a coalition, the phase-out policy has for now been retained.

In November 2008, a shipment of radioactive waste from German nuclear plants arrived at a storage site near Gorleben after being delayed by large protests from nuclear activists. More than 15,000 people took part in the protests which involved blocking trucks with sit-down demonstrations and blocking the route with tractors. The demonstrations were partly a response to conservative calls for a rethink of the planned phaseout of nuclear power stations.

Japan has 55 reactors of total capacity 47,577 MWe (49,580 MWe gross) on line, with 2 reactors (2,285 MWe) under construction and 12 reactors (16,045 MWe) planned. Nuclear energy accounts for about 30% of Japan's total electricity production, from 47.5 GWe of capacity (net). There are plans to increase this to 37% in 2009 and 41% in 2014.

On 16 July 2007 a severe earthquake hit the region where Tokyo Electric's Kashiwazaki-Kariwa Nuclear Power Plant is located. The plant with seven units is the largest single nuclear power station in the world. All of the reactors were shut down and are expected to remain closed for damage verification and repairs for at least one year.

During the Fukushima nuclear disaster there was a failure of cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in Japan on March 11, 2011, and a nuclear emergency was declared. This was the first time a nuclear emergency had been declared in Japan, and 140,000 residents within 20 km of the plant were moved out. Explosions and a fire resulted in dangerous levels of radiation, resulting in a stock market collapse and panic-buying in supermarkets.

Shippingport power plant was the first commercial nuclear power plant built in the United States in 1958. After the growth of nuclear power in the 1960s, the Atomic Energy Commission anticipated that more than 1,000 reactors would be operating in the United States by 2000. But by the end of the 1970s, it became clear that nuclear power would not grow nearly so dramatically, and more than 120 reactor orders were ultimately cancelled.

As of 2007 in the United States, there are 104 (69 pressurized water reactors and 35 boiling water reactors) commercial nuclear generating units licensed to operate, producing a total of 97,400 megawatts (electric), which is approximately 20% of the nation's total electric energy consumption. The United States is the world's largest supplier of commercial nuclear power.

The Three Mile Island accident has been the most serious accident experienced by the U.S. nuclear industry. Other accidents include those at the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Plant, which has been the source of two of the top five most dangerous nuclear incidents in the United States since 1979, according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.

Several US nuclear power plants closed well before their design lifetimes, including Rancho Seco in 1989 in California, San Onofre Unit 1 in 1992 in California (units 2 and 3 are still operating), Zion Nuclear Power Station in 1998 in Illinois and Trojan Nuclear Power Plant in 1992 in Oregon. Humboldt Bay Nuclear Power Plant in California closed in 1976, 13 years after geologists discovered it was built on a fault (the Little Salmon Fault). Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant never operated commercially as an authorized Emergency Evacuation Plan could not be agreed on due to the political climate after the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl accidents.

Many plants have recently received 20-year extensions to their licensed lifetimes.

Nuclear accident

A nuclear accident is an accident that releases radioactivity to the environment, harmfully affects people, and causes a nuclear meltdown.

The most serious nuclear accident has been the Chernobyl disaster in 1986. Other serious nuclear accidents include Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident, Three Mile Island accident, the Windscale fire, Mayak accident, and the SL-1 accident. In the period to 2007, 63 major nuclear accidents have occurred at nuclear power plants. Twenty-nine of these have occurred since the Chernobyl disaster, and 71 percent of all nuclear accidents (45 out of 63) occurred in the United States.
On 11 March 2011, the Magnitude 9.0 devastating Sendai earthquake and tsunami took place in Japan. As a result, "Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant", "Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant", "Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant" and "Tōkai Nuclear Power Plant stations" consisting of eleven (11) reactors were automatically shut down following the earthquake.

At Fukushima Daiichi and Daini tsunami waves went over seawalls and destroyed diesel backup power systems. This loss of power caused severe problems including two large explosions at Fukushima Daiichi and leakage of radiation. Over 200,000 people have been evacuated. Seismic recordings at six assessed nuclear power plant facilities indicated the plants had been exposed to "peak ground accelerations" of 0.037–0.383 "g" and "peak ground velocities" of 6.18–52.62 cm/sec.

One year after the accident, the official death toll related to the Fukushima accident has been five: one caused by the earthquake, another one had a heart attack, two people drowned, and a last person died in October for unreported causes. None of the deaths have been caused by radiation.

The Chernobyl disaster was a major accident at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant on April 26, 1986, with an explosion at the plant and later radioactive contamination of the surrounding area. It is so far the worst nuclear accident in the history of nuclear power. A plume of radioactive fallout drifted over parts of the western Soviet Union, Eastern and Western Europe, Scandinavia, the UK, Ireland and eastern North America. Large areas of Ukraine, Belarus, and Russia were badly damaged, forcing the people in charge to have to evacuate and resettle more than 336,000 people. About 60% of the radioactive fallout landed in Belarus, according to official post-Soviet data.

The accident made many people worried about the safety of the Soviet nuclear power industry. As a result, plans for more nuclear plants were put on hold and the Soviet government, who were not very open with its data, had to make public more of its data. The now-independent countries of Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus have had to spend a lot of money and time on decontamination and health care costs of the Chernobyl accident. Nobody knows how many people died because of this accident. This is because the Soviets covered up information, did not fully complete lists, and did not let doctors list "radiation" as the reason why some people died. Most of the expected long-term deaths, such as that from cancer, have not yet happened and it is hard to say that Chernobyl was the full reason for their deaths.

At Fukushima I and II tsunami waves overtopped seawalls and destroyed diesel backup power systems, leading to severe problems including two large explosions at Fukushima I and leakage of radiation.

On March 28, 1979, the Unit 2 nuclear power plant on the Three Mile Island Nuclear Generating Station (TMI-2) in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania near Harrisburg suffered a partial core meltdown.

The Three Mile Island accident was the worst accident in American commercial nuclear power generating history, even though it led to no deaths or injuries to plant workers or members of the nearby community.

The accident unfolded over the course of five tense days, as a number of agencies at local, state and federal level tried to diagnose the problem and decide whether or not the on-going accident required a full emergency evacuation of the population. The full details of the accident were not discovered until much later. In the end, the reactor was brought under control. Although approximately 25,000 people lived within five miles of the island at the time of the accident, no identifiable injuries due to radiation occurred, and a government report concluded that "the projected number of excess fatal cancers due to the accident... is approximately one". But the accident had serious economic and public relations consequences, and the cleanup process was slow and costly. It also furthered a major decline in the public popularity of nuclear power, exemplifying for many the worst fears about nuclear technology and, until the Chernobyl disaster seven years later, it was considered the world's worst civilian nuclear accident.
Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station is a nuclear power plant with a single reactor located on the southwest shore of Lake Erie near Oak Harbor, Ohio. According to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Davis-Besse has been the source of two of the top five most dangerous nuclear incidents in the United States since 1979.

The SL-1, or Stationary Low-Power Reactor Number One, was a United States Army experimental nuclear power reactor which underwent a steam explosion and meltdown in January 1961, killing its three operators. The direct cause was the improper withdrawal by a maintenance team of a single reactor control rod. The event is the only reported fatal reactor accident in the United States.

On October 10, 1957, the graphite core of a British nuclear reactor at Windscale, Cumbria, caught fire, releasing substantial amounts of radioactive contamination into the surrounding area. The event, known as the Windscale fire, was considered the world's worst nuclear accident until the Three Mile Island accident in 1979.

The fire itself released an estimated 20,000 curies (700 |terabecquerels) of radioactive material into the nearby countryside. Of particular concern was the radioactive isotope iodine-131, which has a half-life of only 8 days but is taken up by the human body and stored in the thyroid. As a result, consumption of iodine-131 often leads to cancer of the thyroid.

No one was evacuated from the surrounding area, but there was concern that milk might be dangerously contaminated. Milk from about 500 km² of nearby countryside was destroyed (diluted a thousandfold and dumped in the Irish Sea) for about a month.

Mayak is the name of a nuclear fuel reprocessing plants 150 km northwest of Chelyabinsk in Russia. Working conditions at Mayak resulted in severe health hazards and many accidents, with a serious accident occurring in 1957.

The 1957 Kyshtym disaster occurred when the failure of the cooling system for a tank storing tens of thousands of tons of dissolved nuclear waste resulted in a non-nuclear explosion having a force estimated at about 75 tons of TNT (310 gigajoules), which released some 20 MCi (740 petabecquerels) of radiation. Subsequently, at least 200 people died of radiation sickness, 10,000 people were evacuated from their homes, and 470,000 people were exposed to radiation.

Nuclear reactors become easy targets during military conflict and, over the past three decades, have been repeatedly attacked:

Radiation is harmful to health and there have been many accidents caused by radiation:


Parallel port

The parallel port (also known as a printer port or Centronics port) is a type of interface found on computers for connecting various peripherals. In computing, a parallel port is a parallel communication physical interface. It was a de facto industry standard for many years, and was finally standardized as IEEE 1284 in the late 1990s, which defined a bi-directional version of the port. 

The parallel port interface was originally known as the Parallel Printer Adapter on IBM PC-compatible computers. It was primarily designed to operate a line printer that used IBM's 8-bit extended ASCII character set to print text, but could also be used to adapt other peripherals. Graphical printers, along with a host of other devices, have been designed to communicate with the system.

In the 21st century, the parallel port interface is seeing decreasing use because of the rise of Universal Serial Bus (USB) and FireWire (IEEE 1394) devices, along with network printing using Ethernet.

Plastic surgery

Plastic surgery is a surgery that is done to change the way a person's body looks or works. Some plastic surgeries can change both. Work can be done on someone's bones, cartilage, muscles, fat, and skin.

The two most common forms of plastic surgery are reconstruction (fixing body parts that have been damaged) and cosmetic (changing size shape or color of body parts to make them look better). An example of reconstructive plastic surgery is fixing a part of the body that has been burned. An example of cosmetic plastic surgery is a surgery called a "face-lift": pulling the skin of the face tight so that the client looks younger.

Nürburgring

The Nürburgring, known as simply "the Ring" by enthusiasts, is the name of a famous motorsport race track in Nürburg, Germany, built in the 1920s around the village and medieval castle of Nürburg in the Eifel, which is about 70 kilometres south of Cologne, 100 kilometres northwest of Mainz, and 120 kilometres northwest of Frankfurt.
Originally, the track featured four track configurations: the long "Gesamtstrecke" ("Whole Course"), which included the 22.810 km "Nordschleife" ("Northern Loop"), and the 7.747 km "Südschleife" ("Southern Loop"). There also was a 2.281 km warm-up loop called "Zielschleife" ("Finish Loop") or better known as "Betonschleife", around the pit area.

Between 1982 and 1983 the start-finish area was demolished to create a new "GP-Strecke", and this is currently used for all major and international racing events.


Aung San Suu Kyi

Aung San Suu Kyi (born 19 June 1945 in Yangon, Burma) is a human rights activist, Nobel Peace Prize winner, and State Counsellor of Myanmar.

Suu Kyi was not able to be president. Instead, she became the State Counsellor of Myanmar.
She brought some democracy to her country with nonviolence. 
She is the leader of the National League for Democracy in Burma and a famous prisoner. She has been under house arrest several times. Suu Kyi won the Rafto Prize and the Sakharov Prize in 1990, and the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991. In 1992, she was awarded the Jawaharlal Nehru peace prize.

She is sometimes called "Daw Aung San Suu Kyi". Daw is not part of her name, but a title for older women. This name shows respect for her. She is called Amay Suu by the people, meaning Mother Suu.

On 1 February 2021, Aung San Suu Kyi was arrested and removed from power by the military during a coup d'état. The military thought the government changed the results of the November 2020 Myanmar general election. On February 3, Suu Kyi was accused of breaking Myanmar's import laws. On February 16, Myanmar police filed a second criminal charge against her, this time for breaking the country's Natural Disaster Law. There were more charges and in December 2022 she was sentenced to 33 years in prison, later reduced to 27 years. 

Aung San Suu Kyi was the third child in her family. Her name "Aung San" comes from her father, who is also named Aung San; "Kyi" comes from her mother; and "Suu" comes from her grandmother.

Her father helped to make Burma independent from the United Kingdom in 1947. He was killed in the same year. She grew up with her mother, Khin Kyi, and two brothers, Aung San Lin and Aung San Oo in Yangon. One of her brothers, Aung San Lin, drowned when Suu Kyi was eight. Her other brother, Aung San Oo currently lives in San Diego, California and is an American citizen.

Suu Kyi went to Catholic schools for much of her childhood in Burma. She learned English in school.

Khin Kyi, Suu Kyi's mother, became famous as a politician. She became the Burmese ambassador to India in 1960. Aung San Suu Kyi went to college in India at the Lady Shri Ram College for Women in New Delhi. Suu Kyi continued her education at St Hugh's College, Oxford, and learned about philosophy, politics, and economics. She also went to the School of Oriental and African Studies at University of London in the 1980s.

She moved to New York and worked at the United Nations. In 1972, Aung San Suu Kyi married Michael Aris (1946-1999), a professor of Tibetan culture who lived in Bhutan. She had met Aris when they were both students at Oxford. In 1973, she gave birth to her first son, Alexander, in London; and in 1977 she had her second son, Kim.

Aung San Suu Kyi returned to Burma in 1988 to take care of her sick mother. That year, the long-time leader of the socialist ruling party, General Ne Win, retired.

She admired Mohandas Gandhi's use of nonviolence. She was also inspired by Buddhism. Aung San Suu Kyi worked for democracy and helped make the National League for Democracy on September 27th 1988. Because Suu Kyi was working against the government, she was asked to leave the country, but she did not.

She was arrested in 1989 and placed in prison in 1990. This was after an election which her party, the National League for Democracy, won, but they were not allowed to be in charge of the country. Between 1990 and 2010, she was almost always in her home, which is called house arrest. Burma released her in November 2010. Suu Kyi was going to be released in 2009, but when a man entered her home she was kept on house arrest for another year because she had broken the rules of the house arrest.

After she was released from house arrest, she was elected to be State Counsellor. When she was State Counsellor, Burma had serious problems with the genocide of the Rohingya.

When she was asked what democratic models Myanmar could look to, she said: "We have many, many lessons to learn from various places, not just the Asian countries like South Korea, Taiwan, Mongolia and Indonesia". She also cited "the eastern European countries, which made the transition from communist autocracy to democracy in the 1980s and 1990s, and the Latin American countries, which made the transition from military governments". She added that "we wish to learn from everybody who has achieved a transition to democracy, and also (...) because we are so far behind everybody else, we can also learn which mistakes we should avoid."







Ranger Uranium Mine

Ranger Uranium Mine is a large uranium deposit in the Kakadu National Park. The uranium is legally owned by the Australian Government, and is sold internationally. This mining, and the presence of uranium in Kakadu have come under controversy, due to the widespread publicity regarding the potential danger of nuclear power and uranium mining.

Kakadu is on the World Heritage List, both for its cultural and natural value, a rare feat because few sites are featured for both reasons.

Nevada Test Site

The Nevada Test Site is an area set aside for the testing of nuclear weapons. It is looked after by the United States Department of Energy. It is in Nye County, Nevada, about 65 miles (105 km) northwest of Las Vegas. 

The site was begun on January 11, 1951. It covers an area of 1,350 square miles (3,500 km²) of desert and mountain lands. Nuclear testing at the Nevada Test Site began with a one-kiloton (4 terajoule) bomb. This was the same explosive force as a bomb using 1,000 metric tons of TNT. This bomb was dropped on Frenchman Flat on January 27, 1951. Many of the famous photos of the nuclear age were taken at the Nevada Test Site.

When testing ended in 1992, the Energy Department said that more than 300 million curies of radiation remained, making the site one of the most radioactively contaminated places in the United States. 

Napoleon (Animal Farm)

Napoleon is a character in the book "Animal Farm". Together with Snowball, he is a boar that Mr. Jones is breeding for sale at the market. Napoleon is the only Berkshire boar on Manor Farm. He is fierce-looking, large, and very stubborn, wanting things to be done his own way. Napoleon is very selfish and only cares about his own good.

Napoleon is based on Stalin of the October Revolution, who harshly ruled the entire Soviet Union. Napoleon's name is derived from the French conqueror with the same name.

Snowball (Animal Farm)

Snowball is a a character in the book "Animal Farm". Like Napoleon, Snowball is a boar raised by Mr. Jones for sale. Unlike Napoleon, Snowball's plans and projects are targeted at improving the quality of Manor Farm. He is a vivacious pig, quick in speech, and a brilliant inventor.

Snowball is based on Trotsky of the October Revolution, who was exiled by Stalin and later murdered by the KGB (Soviet secret police) on Stalin's order.

Anti-nuclear movement in Australia

Australia has no nuclear power stations and the Rudd Labor government was opposed to nuclear power for Australia. However, Australia does have a small research reactor (OPAL) in Sydney, and it does export uranium. 

Uranium mining and export and nuclear issues have often been the subject of public debate, and the anti-nuclear movement in Australia has a long history. It began with the 1972–73 debate over French nuclear testing in the Pacific, which involved several groups, and the 1976–77 debate about uranium mining in Australia. 

The case against nuclear power and uranium mining in Australia has been concerned with the impacts of nuclear energy; with the shortcomings of nuclear power as an energy source; and with presenting a sustainable energy strategy. The most prominent adverse impact of nuclear power is seen to be its potential contribution towards proliferation of nuclear weapons. For example, the 1976 Ranger Inquiry report stated that "The nuclear power industry is unintentionally contributing to an increased risk of nuclear war. This is the most serious hazard associated with the industry". 

The health risks associated with nuclear materials have also been of concern. This has been the case worldwide because of incidents like the Chernobyl disaster, but Australian concerns have also involved specific local factors such as controversy over the health effects of nuclear testing in Australia and the South Pacific, and the emergence of prominent anti-nuclear campaigner Helen Caldicott, who is a medical practitioner. 

The economics of nuclear power has been a factor in anti-nuclear campaigns, with critics arguing that such power is uneconomical in Australia, particularly given the country's abundance of coal resources.

From the perspective of the anti-nuclear movement, most of the problems with nuclear power today are much the same as in the 1970s. Nuclear reactor accidents remain a possibility and no convincing solution to the problem of long-lived radioactive waste has been proposed. Nuclear weapons proliferation continues to occur. The alternatives to nuclear power, energy efficiency and renewable energy (especially wind power), have been further developed and commercialised.


Sublingual gland

The sublingual glands are one of the main three pairs of salivary glands. The other two are the parotid gland and the submandibular gland. The sublingual glands are located in the front part of the bottom of the mouth, under the tongue. 

Anti-nuclear movement in the United States

For many years the anti-nuclear movement in the United States succeeded in delaying or halting commitments to build some new nuclear plants. Anti-nuclear campaigns that captured national public attention in the 1970s involved the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant, Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant, Diablo Canyon Power Plant, Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant, and the Three Mile Island accident. More recent targeted campaigning has related to the Indian Point Energy Center, Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station, Pilgrim Nuclear Generating Station, Salem Nuclear Power Plant, Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant, Idaho National Laboratory, proposed Yucca Mountain waste repository, the Hanford Site, the Nevada Test Site, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, and transportation of nuclear waste from the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Many different groups have been involved in various protests and demonstrations over the years.

More than eighty anti-nuclear groups are operating, or have operated, in the United States. These include: Abalone Alliance, Clamshell Alliance, Greenpeace USA, Institute for Energy and Environmental Research, Musicians United for Safe Energy, Nevada Desert Experience, Nuclear Control Institute, Nuclear Information and Resource Service, Public Citizen Energy Program, Shad Alliance, and the Sierra Club.

Anti-nuclear protests reached a peak in the 1970s and 1980s and grew out of the environmental movement. Campaigns that captured national public attention involved the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant, Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant, Diablo Canyon Power Plant, Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant, and Three Mile Island.

Beginning in the 1980s, many anti-nuclear power activists began shifting their interest, by joining a rapidly growing nuclear freeze movement, and the primary concern about nuclear hazards in the USA changed from the problems of nuclear power plants to the prospects of nuclear war. On June 12, 1982, one million people demonstrated in New York City's Central Park against nuclear weapons and for an end to the cold war arms race. It was the largest anti-nuclear protest and the largest political demonstration in American history. International Day of Nuclear Disarmament protests were held on June 20, 1983 at 50 sites across the United States. There were many Nevada Desert Experience protests and peace camps at the Nevada Test Site during the 1980s and 1990s.

More recent campaigning by anti-nuclear groups has related to several nuclear power plants including the Enrico Fermi Nuclear Power Plant, Indian Point Energy Center, Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station, Pilgrim Nuclear Generating Station, Salem Nuclear Power Plant, and Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant. There have also been campaigns relating to the Y-12 Nuclear Weapons Plant, the Idaho National Laboratory, Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository proposal, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory,

Some scientists and engineers have expressed reservations about nuclear power, including: Barry Commoner, S. David Freeman, John Gofman, Arnold Gundersen, Mark Z. Jacobson, Amory Lovins, Arjun Makhijani, Gregory Minor, M.V. Ramana, Joseph Romm and Benjamin K. Sovacool. Scientists who have opposed nuclear weapons include Paul M. Doty, Hermann Joseph Muller, Linus Pauling, Eugene Rabinowitch, M.V. Ramana and Frank N. von Hippel.

Prajna

Prajna is a Buddhist word meaning wisdom. It is one of three divisions of the Noble Eightfold Path. The understanding is a goal of contemplation. Buddhism traces its origins to Siddattha Gotama, who lived from about 563 to 483 BCE. He was known as the Buddha, which means "the enlightened one".

Squealer (Animal Farm)

Squealer is a porker on Manor Farm in the book "Animal Farm". Squealer is a very fat little piglet, with round cheeks, twinkling eyes, nimble movements, coupled together with a shrill voice. While arguing a difficult point, he skips from side to side and whisks his tail around in a persuasive manner, allowing him to lie with ease. The pig is seen as the propagandist in the book and his ability to use language well makes his speeches believable by the other less intelligent animals. squealer is also uses rhetorical language to manipulate animals.

Squealer is based on the Russia media of Stalin's time, and all the advertisement of Stalin.

2006 Palestinian legislative election

On January 25 2006, Palestinians voted for the Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC), the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority (PNA). Without counting the 2005 municipal elections and the January 9, 2005 presidential election, this was the first election to the PLC since 1996; since then, elections had been delayed several times due to the continuing Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinian voters in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank including East Jerusalem were allowed to participate in the election.

Final results show that Hamas won the election, with 74 seats. The ruling party, Fatah, only got 45, giving Hamas the majority of the 132 available seats and the chance to form a majority government on their own. Analysis of election results shows that the number of seats each party won agrees with their percentage of the vote for the 66 list seats. Hamas is overrepresented in the 66 district seats because it nominated more strategically than Fatah and did not have to compete with third parties and independents for the same voters' support.

The Prime Minister, Ahmed Qurei, resigned, but at the request of President Mahmoud Abbas, remained as interim Prime Minister until February 19, when Hamas leader Ismail Haniya formed the new government. The Quartet threatened to cut funds to the Palestinian Authority following the elections.

Tizimín

Tizimín is a city in Mexico. The city is 100 miles east of Mérida city.

In the Maya language, Tizimín means tapir. A tapir is a big animal that lives in South America.

Dick Locher

Richard Earl "Dick" Locher (June 4, 1929 – August 6, 2017) was a cartoonist. He has made cartoons for lots of things, including the Chicago Tribune. He has also made cartoons for "Life", "Time", "Newsweek", "U.S. News and World Report", "Forbes", and the "Congressional Record". He was born in Dubuque, Iowa.

Locher died of Parkinson's disease on August 6, 2017 in Naperville, Illinois, aged 88.

Come See the Paradise

Come See the Paradise is a movie made in 1990. It is about people from Japanese families in the United States during World War II. The movie shows how some of those people were put into prison because they were Japanese.

Tisa (disambiguation)

Tisa can be any of the following:


Tisza (disambiguation)

Tisza can be any of the following:

Paris Tramway Line 1

Paris Tramway Line 1 is one of the tram lines in Paris.
It was opened in 1992.

Flag of Oklahoma

The flag and banner of the U.S. state of Oklahoma is made up of a Osage Nation buffalo-skin shield with seven eagle feathers on a sky blue background.

Seal of Oklahoma

The Great Seal of Oklahoma is a five-pointed star in a circle. The center of the star is made up of the Seal of the Territory of Oklahoma.

Inside the star are seals of five Native American Nations from Oklahoma.

The top point is for the Chickasaw nation, showing a warrior holding a bow and shield.

The upper left-hand point is for the Cherokee Nation, showing a star with a wreath of oak leaves.

The upper right-hand point is for the Choctaw Nation, showing a tomahawk, a bow, and three crossed arrows.

The lower left-hand point is for the Creek Nation, showing a sheaf of wheat and a plow.

The lower right-hand point is for the Seminole Nation, showing houses and a factory on a lake with a hunter paddling a canoe.

The forty-five small stars around the middle star are for the forty-five states in the Union when Oklahoma became a state in 1907.

Orienteering

Orienteering is developed by International Orienteering Federation (IOF).

IOF recognizes the following types of orienteering:

Orienteering started in Sweden. It was meant to get people in the army to get ready for war. The first large orienteering event was when 220 people went orienteering in a place near Stockholm.

About sixty years ago, people started orienteering in Europe, Asia, North America, Australia, and New Zealand and in 1967 a group of people started to meet up in the United States of America to make an orienteering club.

There are now orienteering groups for 67 countries.

Foot-Orienteering is one of the IOF recognised orienteering types. The athlete covers the distance of his course only using his feet.

The IOF organises World Orienteering Championships (WOC) every year and the European Orienteering Championships once every two years. The first WOC was held in 1966 in Finland. Only 10 nations took part in the first WOC.

Ski Orienteering is where the competitor Cross-Country Skis around paths and tracks trying to find the controls.

Mountain bike orienteering or MTBO that you can say is a sport where you cycle through the forest on small paths and trying to find the controls.

In the year 1996 some people decided to start to try to have orienteering as a sport in the Olympic games. It has yet to become a sport in the Olympics.

Orienteering is also done as a life skill. It is used in training of many countries' armed forces. Often, soldiers have to do orienteering courses at night or in the rain. Orienteering is also part of Scoutcraft in many branches of Scouting. Many Scouting groups require learning orienteering to make higher ranks.

Brad Henry

Charles Bradford "Brad" Henry, Jr. (born June 10, 1963) is an American politician. He was the Governor of the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Governor of Oklahoma

The Governor of the State of Oklahoma is the head of state for the State of Oklahoma, United States. 

The office was created in 1907 when Oklahoma was officially admitted to the United States as the 46th state. Prior to statehood in 1907, the office was preceded by a Presidential appointed Governor of Oklahoma Territory with similar powers. The 28th and current Governor of Oklahoma is Kevin Stitt, a member of the Republican Party.

King of the Klondike

King of Klondike is the main chapter of The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck.

Scrooge goes to Klondike, where he looks for gold at the White Agony Creek. Scrooge goes to Dawson where he meets an occasional thief, Glittering Goldie. Goldie and Scrooge fall in love but they not admit it to each other. Soapy Slick, an evil business man, tries to make Scrooge to work free for him but Scrooge destroys his bar. Scrooge returns to White Agony Creek, where he finds gold and finally becomes rich.

The Billionaire of Dismal Downs

"The Billionaire of Dismal Downs" is the ninth episode of "The life and times of Scrooge McDuck".

After finding gold, Scrooge buys the Whitehorse Bank and begins to build a financial empire. Scrooge goes back to Scotland where he tries to prove that he is a "real Scotsman" by playing in the "Scottish Games". Scrooge fails but he decides to install his matrices in Duckburg, on the Occidental coast. The episode ends with Scrooge and his sisters going to Duckburg.

A Cage of Nightingales

A Cage of Nightingales is a 1945 French movie directed by Jean Dréville. In French it is called La Cage aux rossignols. It was one of the movies that nearly won an Oscar award. It was first shown in the USA in 1947.

Clarence Clifton Young

Clarence Clifton Young (November 7, 1922 – April 3, 2016) was an American politician from the state of Nevada. He was a member of United States House of Representatives from January 3, 1953 to January 3, 1957. He was from the Republican Party.

Young died in Reno, Nevada on April 3, 2016, aged 93.

San Salvador

San Salvador is the capital and largest city of the nation of El Salvador.

Ivybridge

Ivybridge is a small town in the county of Devon in South West England.

OGame

OGame is a browser-based strategy game. The game was created in 2002 by Gameforge. OGame is able to go in different languages. It also has up to 39 uni (for short) or universes.

Each player starts with one randomly given planet, with the starting name of "Homeworld" (which can be changed). Building from that one planet, he/she later has the option to keep on developing that planet or to expand his/her colony to include up to as many planets they can afford to build, originally 9 planets. All construction, research, and missions are performed and launched from a planet or moon. While playing the player has a chance of building fleets and defenses for their planet.

An alliance is a group of people who have banded together and is mostly used for solidarity purposes. Alliances are created for players to protect each other from attacks, join together to raid other planets, or to promote free trade amongst members. Members of an alliance can use the ACS (Alliance Combat System), available in all universes.

Metal Mine is what is used to gather the resource metal.

Crystal Mine is what is used to gather the resource crystal.

Deuterium Synthesizer is what is used to gather the resource deuterium.

Solar Plant is a plant that produces energy from the sun to run mines or to do research.

Fusion Reactor is like a solar plant but instead of gathering energy from the sun it uses deterium to produce it's energy.

Robotic Factory is a building that decreases the building time of buildings.

Nanite Factory is an upgraded version of the robotics factory.

There are four resources used in OGame: metal, crystal, deuterium,and dark matter.

Metal is mainly used for buildings, Ships, Defenses. To get this resources he/she has to upgrade or build a metal mine.

Crystal is the second resource. Crystal is mostly used in research. Crystal is one of the hardest resource to obtain. It is obtained by building or upgrading a crystal mine.

Deuterium is the third resource and can be obtained only from deuterium synthesizers. Deuterium is mainly used as fuel for a player's fleet to perform a mission, and for research.

Dark Matter is a resource that can be bought with real money. If a user doesn't want to pay this resource will become the most rarest resource in the game. Dark Matter can be found on expeditions with the players fleet after researching Expedition.

Energy is not actual energy you get from a mine but from solar planets and fusion reactors. Energy is needed to be able to run the mines to gather metal, crystal, deuterium, and to do research.

A list of how these resources are obtained:


Unlike other games, OGame doesn't allow the player to control his ships. While playing the game a player can send units to a specific moon or planet. Once the ship(s) arrive at the planet the player can only recall the ships, he/she cannot fly them.

Researching various fields of science allows for better buildings, ships and defensive structures to be built. Research must be done for the production of Solar Satellites, which supplies power, to the fearsome Death Star, which is considered the strongest ship in the game.

The costs of research usually doubles each level, with the exception of Graviton Technology, which costs 300,000 energy and is not useful over level 1.

Research time is reduced with each upgrade of the Research Lab, or reduced dramatically with the Intergalactic Research Network researched.

All purchased effects are paid with dark matter. In order to get dark matter he/she has to buy it on OGame.

The Commander gives the player improved functions. Features include a building order which gives the player the ability to order several buildings to be built without requiring the player to login and start a new build. The player also gets an “Empire View” that shows the player all details on every planet including ships, defenses, resources, and energy. Other bonus given by OGame Commander are message filters, shortcuts, an improved galaxy view and commands, and a gaming experience free of ads.

On February 16, 2007, Officers were introduced to the game. It is worth noting that Gameforge had earlier promised it's users it would never introduce pay-to-play options that provided direct benefits, and the change the caused a large scale of conflict in the community.

The officer feature gives players a real advantage in the game, for a price, while those who cannot afford it go without. The 4 officers types are:


As of version 0.78 people can hire a merchant to trade one resource type for another. This is almost the same as trading except that there are no other players involved. The only limitation you have is the amount of free space in your storage silos and the amount of dark matter you have. You cannot trade when your silos are full, or when standing on a moon. It is wise to move away all the resources you want to keep, so that you can trade the maximum amount that your storage holds.

OGame is monitored by Game Operators, Super Game Operators and Game Administrators each of whom have the rights to ban any player suspected of misconduct and violation of the rules. The rules can be different for each OGame universe. Players who have been banned are put into the pillory of their universe. The pillory shows the reason of banning and the administrator who made the decision. It also shows the unbanning of a player when they have clarified the fault. The planets and colonies of players that have received lifelong bans are subject to the one month account deletion due to inactivity.

OGame won the bronze Superbrowsergame Award in 2006.


Menopause

Menopause is the time in a woman's reproductive life beginning one year after her last menstrual period. Once a woman has reached menopause she can no longer get pregnant. In the time leading up to menopause, she can have hot flashes and other physical symptoms. The time in the woman's life leading up to menopause is called perimenopause. Menopause happens between the ages of 45 and 55. Menopause can happen earlier if you have had treatment for cancer or operation to remove both ovaries. Menopause can happen after surgery to remove the uterus.

Menopause is the natural and permanent stopping of menstruation. Female hormone levels change, since they were produced by the ovaries which have stopped ovulating. The female can no longer have children after this happens. The menopausal transition most often begins between ages 45 and 55. The duration can depend on lifestyle factors such as smoking, age it begins, and race and ethnicity. During perimenopause, the body's production of estrogen and progesterone, two hormones made by the ovaries, varies greatly.

Signs of menopause may start suddenly or gradually. Signs can happen once in a while or most of the time. Some women have only a few signs of menopause. Having changes in periods and bad moods can happen before menopause. 

Periods may change in length or be longer or shorter. Periods may have a heavier or lighter flow. Before menopause a woman may have hot flashes or problems sleeping. A woman may be irritable or sex may be uncomfortable. Some women may have less interest in sex before menopause. Other changes might be less noticeable. This could be changes in bone thickness. 

Hot flashes are a quick feeling of heat and sweat in the chest area. Hot flashes are the most common sign of menopause. Three out of four women going through menopause have hot flashes. Some women have hot flashes while still having a period. During a hot flash the skin of the face and neck becomes red. Large red spots can apper on the arms, chest and back. A woman can sweat heavily during the hot flash. A woman can have cold chills after the hot flash. In most cases, the hot flashes are frequent in the year before periods stop and can still happen after periods stop. Hot flashes can still happen up to 14 years after menopause.

Vaginal dryness, may start before and after menopause. This happens because of lower levels of hormones. These lower hormone levels cause vaginal tissue to get thinner and drier. As the tissue changes it can cause burning, itching, discomfort and pain. Sex can be painful and cause small cuts.

Some women start having sleep problems before and after menopause. This could be a problem getting to sleep. Sometimes this may mean waking up too early in the morning. Hot flashes and sweating might wake a woman up at night. After waking up at night there may be a problem falling back to sleep. Mood problems and depression can make it hard to sleep.

Some women feel irritable and short-tempered around the time of menopause. Other things can add to a bad mood. Stress, family changes, family problems can add to moodiness. It could be aging parents, a history of depression, or feeling tired. Talking with a doctor about this can help. There are treatments for irritability and moodiness.

After menopause, a woman will have low hormone levels. The ovaries will make low amounts hormones estrogen and progesterone. Because of the low hormone levels, the risk for osteoporosis, heart disease and stroke increases. Menopause symptoms instead of period problems. A woman may still have hot flashes because of changing hormones. After menopause a woman may have vaginal dryness.

There are medicines that can stop some hot flashes, and there are ways that hot flashes can be helped when they happen. Sometimes a doctor can order medication that has hormones in it. Sometimes a doctor will have a woman take birth control medicine. Other hormone medications are available for women who have gone through menopause and still have hot flashes. Other medicine that does not have hormones in it can help with the hot flashes. Some things make hot flashes worse. A woman may be told by the doctor to stop drinking alcohol and caffeine. In some women, spicy foods, stress or being in a hot place can make hot flashes worse. Drinking cold water can help with hot flashes. Women with hot flashes may be encouraged to layer clothing and remove a layer when having a hot flash. Using a fan can be helpful. Losing weight may help stop hot flashes.

Vaginal dryness and thinning can be treated. A vaginal moisturizer can be used to help keep the vaginal tissue moisturized. It can make sex more comfortable. A vaginal lubricant can be used. This is a gel that also helps make sex more comfortable. A doctor may order medicine that can help with vaginal dryness. This may be hormonal birth control, menopausal hormone therapy, or a prescription estrogen cream, gel, or ring that is inserted into the vagina.

Sleeping can be improved before and after menopause. To get better sleep a woman can:

Drinking alcohol doesn't help a woman fall asleep or stay asleep. Counselling can help with sleep problems.


Dong Hoi Airport

Dong Hoi Airport is an airport in Dong Hoi City in Quảng Bình Province, in central Vietnam. It lies 500 km south of Hanoi. This airport is located 6 km north of downtown, in a suburb of the city. The coordinates are 17°30'54"N - 106°35'26"E (WGS - 84).

The construction of this airport started in September 2004 and finished in May 2008. The first flight to this airport was from Hanoi on May 18, 2008, the date this airport began operation. This airport serves Dong Hoi, Quang Binh where there are a World Heritage Site Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park and some fine beaches. This airport can serve 300 passengers per peak hour or 500,000 passengers per year.

Sandal (footwear)

Sandals are an open type of footwear, with a sole held to the wearer's foot by straps or thongs passing over the instep and around the ankle. While the distinction between sandals and other types of footwear can sometimes be unclear (as in the case of "huaraches"—the woven leather footwear seen in Mexico), the common understanding is that a sandal reveals most or all of the foot (especially the toes) to view. People may choose to wear sandals for several reasons, among them economy (sandals tend to require less material than shoes), comfort in warm weather, and (especially for women) for reasons of fashion and attractiveness. 

Usually, sandals are worn in warmer climates or during warmer parts of the year, because feet stay cool and dry. The chances of getting a fungal infection on the feet (athlete's foot) is lower than with wearing an enclosed shoe and wearing sandals may be part of treatment for a fungal foot infection.

Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin

Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin is a manga and anime series that ran from 1983 to 1986. It was created by manga author Yoshihiro Takahashi. The main character is an Akita Inu dog called "Gin" (which is Japanese for "silver"). It was released in Korea, Finland, Sweden, Hungary, Norway and China. It is mostly popular in its country of origin, Japan, as well as Finland and the United States.

The story tells of Gin, a tiger-striped Akita Inu who is born and is trained harshly by a dog-trainer called Gohei Takeda (nickname is "Jii-Sama") to become a bear-dog because it is believed tiger-striped Akita Inus are the best to kill bears. A large monstrous bear called Akakabuto (Japanese for "red helmet") terrorizises Gin's hometown for several years.

While with his owner, a 12-year-old boy named Daisuke, Gin stumbles upon some wild dogs, and wants to join them, but he is stopped. Later, Gin finds them again and realizes their aim is to fight against and defeat the bear Akakabuto.

Gin's father, Riki, is a favourite of Gohei Takeda. He does not remember his son Gin due to amnesia, which he got from a battle with Akakabuto.

Beetlejuice (TV series)

Beetlejuice is an American fantasy-comedy-horror television series. It is about a teenage goth girl named Lydia who does not like her school peers and from nowhere a ghost, named Beetlejuice, appears. It aired from 1989-1992.

Province of Agrigento

Agrigento is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

Province of Caltanissetta

Caltanissetta is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

Province of Catania

Catania is a province in the autonomous region Sicily in Italy.

Province of Enna

Enna is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy. It is the only Sicilian province which is not next to the ocean. It became a province in 1926 thanks to Benito Mussolini, who was fascinated by the history of the province, and in particular by the legend of Proserpina. In the province there are 8 lakes, the most important is Pergusa's lake which is the only natural lake of the Sicily; the other lakes are used for the agriculture.

Franchise

Franchise can mean:


Province of Messina

Messina (; ) was a province in the autonomous region of Sicily.

Province of Palermo

Palermo is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

Province of Ragusa

Ragusa is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily, Italy.

Patrick Stewart

Sir Patrick Stewart (born 13 July 1940) is an English actor. He then served as the Chancellor of University of Huddersfield from 2004 to 2015. He is also a Shakespearian actor who spent 16 years with the Royal Shakespeare Company, but is best known for playing the role of Capt. Jean-Luc Picard on . He also played Professor X in the X-Men movies and his extensive voice work as Avery Bullock (along with Avery Bullock as B, The Police Academy Chief and Himself) in the animated series "American Dad!". He was then given a knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II in her New Years Honours at the start of 2010, and then became "Sir Patrick Stewart".
He was immortalized outside the Chinese Theatre in January 2020.

Province of Syracuse

Syracuse is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy. It is well known for its many archaeological sites and the island of Ortygia.

Province of Trapani

Trapani is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

Province of Cagliari

Cagliari (; ) was a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia in Italy. Its capital is the city of Cagliari.

It is the largest province of Sardinia with an area of . It has a total population of 551,077 (2012) and a population density of inhabitants/km².

There are 71 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province. As of 31 December 2012, the 20 "comuni" with the largest population were:


Province of Carbonia-Iglesias

Carbonia-Iglesias was a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia, Italy.

Andy Abraham

Andy Abraham (born 17 July 1964, London) is a British pop singer. He is best known for finishing second in the 2005 series of "The X Factor" in the United Kingdom.

Abraham was the representative for the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 with the song "Even If". He became the second UK act ever to come in last place in Eurovision.

Seahorse

Seahorses are a type of teleost fish. They are in the genus Hippocampus. They are called 'seahorses' because their head looks like a horse's head. There are about 32–48 species of seahorse. Seahorses live in tropical oceans. 

Seahorses use camouflage to hide.

The earliest known seahorse fossils are "H. sarmaticus" and "H. slovenicus".

Seahorses are unique because the male hatches the eggs in a pouch on his belly. The female inserts her ovipositor into the male’s brood pouch. She places dozens to thousands of eggs in the pouch. As the female releases her eggs, her body slims while his swells. The male releases his sperm directly into the water. The sperm then fertilize the eggs in the pouch. The fertilised eggs are then embedded in the pouch wall. They get nutrition and oxygen from the fluid in the pouch. In the pouch, the salinity of the water is controlled. This prepares the newborns for life in the sea.

Both animals then sink back into the seagrass and she swims away. The eggs then hatch 

Throughout gestation, which in most species requires two to four weeks, his mate visits him daily for 'morning greetings'. They interact for about 6 minutes. The female then swims away until the next morning, and the male vacuums up food through his snout.

Research published in 2007 shows that the males release sperm into the surrounding sea water during fertilization, and not directly into the pouch as previously thought.

The number of young released by the male seahorse averages 100-200 for most species, but may be as low as 5 for the smaller species, or as high as 1,500. 

When the fry are ready to be born, the male expels them with muscular contractions. He gives birth at night and is ready for the next batch of eggs by morning when his mate returns. 

Like almost all other fish species, seahorses do not take care of their young after birth. Infants are susceptible to predators or ocean currents which wash them away from feeding grounds or into temperatures too extreme for their bodies. Fewer than 0.5% of infants survive to adulthood. This is why litters are so large. These survival rates are actually fairly high compared to other fish, because of their protected gestation. This makes the process worth the cost to the father. The eggs of most other fish are abandoned immediately after fertilization.

Seahorses are the only fish that experience true male pregnancy. 

There are 46 species in this genus:


Seahorses exhibit four phases of courtship.

This initial courtship takes place about 30 minutes after dawn on each courtship day. In this phase, the males and females will remain apart during the night, but after dawn they will come together in a side-by-side position, brighten, and engage in courtship.

This phase begins with the female beginning her pointing posture, by leaning her body towards the male, who will lean away and quiver. It can last up to 54 minutes.

The third phase begins with the females brightening and assuming the pointing position. It lasts for 9 minutes.

The final phase includes 5–8 bouts of courtship. Each bout begins with both the male and female anchored to the same plant about 3 cm apart; usually they are facing each other and are still bright from the previous phase.

Latvian lats

The Latvian lats (plural "lati") was the currency used in Latvia in 1922—1940 and in 1993—2013.

It is shortened as "Ls" and was divided into 100 "santīmi"

On 1 January 2014, Latvian lats was replaced by the euro. The lats could be used for two weeks alongside euros after the currency was replaced.

Parts of speech

Parts of speech are types of word in grammar. There are many different word : they are called 'lexical categories'. The most common are these:

Verbs, nouns, adjectives, adverbs, and interjections are called open classes because they are parts of speech that can easily add new words. On the other hand, pronouns, prepositions, and conjunctions are closed classes because new words cannot be added easily. For example, since pronouns are a closed class, there are fairly few pronouns: "I, me, my, mine, myself, you, your, yours, yourself, he, him, his, his, himself, she, her, her, hers, herself, it, it, its, its, itself, we, us, our, ours, ourselves, they, them, their, theirs, themselves". Since pronouns are used to replace whole noun phrases, there is no need to have many kinds of pronouns. Instead of saying "The Earl of Sandwich introduced the Earl of Sandwich's favorite food, the sandwich", one uses the pronoun "his" to replace "the Earl of Sandwich's" to make the sentence not repeat itself when it doesn't have to, thus the sentence becomes "The Earl of Sandwich introduced his favorite food, the sandwich". New nouns, on the other hand, can easily be made, and are constantly being added into the English language.

The Plague Dogs

The Plague Dogs is a 1977 novel written by Richard Adams, who is famous for his well-known and best-selling novel, "Watership Down". Like "Watership Down", "The Plague Dogs" was made into a movie by Nepenthe Productions in 1982. It eventually got taken out of the cinema because very few people would come and see it.

The story is about two dogs, Rowf and Snitter. Rowf is a Labrador-mix and Snitter is a Smooth fox terrier. The two live in a testing laboratory called ARSE (Animal Research Scientific and Experimental). The two dogs escape out of the laborotory into the Lake District, where the story is set, where they find the cunning Tod, a fox living there. After misadventures upon the fells, the two are later hunted down by sheep farmers and the army, because it is believed that they have the bubonic plague.

Rowf: Rowf is a black Labrador-mix. He is gruff and thinks all humans are bad. He disapproves of the Tod and believes Snitter is mad. He has a fear of water and tries not to go near it or into it.

Snitter: A smooth fox terrier. In ARSE he had brain surgery and his conscious and sub-conscious mind make him dream when he is a awake and vice versa. He misses his master who got hit by a lorry. And is always on the search for a new master. He, unlike Rowf, approves of the Tod.

The Tod: A cunning fox who lives on the fells of the Lake District. He helps Rowf and Snitter survive out in the wild.

Dr. Boycott: Dr. Boycott is one of the people who works at ARSE. He is a rather ruthless fellow and appears calm in every event that comes up.

Harry Tyson: The caretaker of ARSE who cleans the tanks and feeds the dogs and other animals. He used to be a sailor, then a farmer, then ended up in ARSE. He is kind to the animals despite working in a cruel place.

Stephen Powell: A man who works at ARSE. He is a rather nervous man and is always questioning his "chief" Dr. Boycott.

Adam Wood: Snitter's master. He supposedly died when he saved Snitter from an oncoming lorry. In the book he does not die; he gets a broken leg and concussion, but in the film it is implied that he is dead because he does not appear at all except in memory.

The Sheepdogs: Two minor characters called Don and Wag. They are angry at Rowf and Snitter when they try to "impress" the sheepdogs' master by "herding sheep" (which is really chasing them around and barking, scaring them).

There is a cut version and an uncut version. The uncut version is about 103 minutes long. The cut version is about 86 minutes long. The cut version had many scenes cut from it, most of them were done to make the film shorter, but there was one scene removed because of the bloody image of a dead man ripped to pieces by the hungry dogs (they ate him).

However one bloody scene was not cut from the cut version. It showed Snitter being called by a man with a gun. Snitter accidentally stepped on the trigger, making it go off in the man's face, while holding onto his face he falls down dead, Snitter runs off frightened. That was still in the cut version despite it being a shocking and somewhat disturbing scene.

House (TV series)

House (or "House, M.D.") is an American medical drama television series. It was created by David Shore in 2004 and aired on FOX from 2004-2012. "House" has fans all over the world. It is set at the fictional Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital in New Jersey. The show's main character, Doctor Gregory House, is a grumpy, sarcastic man who hates having to deal with his patients. Even though he spends a lot of his time insulting his patients and co-workers, or watching TV in his office, Dr. House almost always manages to cure his patients with his great medical intelligence.

Nearly all episodes of "House" follow the same pattern: we see the events that come before the patient being taken to the hospital, then House and his colleagues spend a lot of time doing tests and coming up with different ideas for what the problem is. At the very end, House comes up with the answer, generally through epiphanies, and usually the patient recovers.



Province of Medio Campidano

Medio Campidano is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Nuoro

Nuoro is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Ogliastra

Ogliastra is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Olbia-Tempio

Olbia-Tempio is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Oristano

Oristano is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Sassari

Sassari is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Lost cities

A lost city is a city that was normal once but, for some reason, became not lived in any more and forgotten about. Many of these cities are called ghost towns.









"incomplete list – for further information, see Maya civilization"







Lost City

Lost City could mean:

Lost Cities could also mean:

The Lost City could mean:

In places:


Popol Vuh (band)

Popol Vuh was a German Krautrock band that was founded by pianist and keyboardist Florian Fricke in 1970 together with Holger Trulzsch (percussion) and Frank Fiedler (electronics). 

Other important members during the next two decades included Daniel Fichelscher and Robert Eliscu. The band took its name from the Popol Vuh, a manuscript containing the mythology of the Post-Classic Quiché Maya kingdom of highland Guatemala.

The first album, "Affenstunde", released in 1970, can be regarded as one of the earliest Ambient music, space music or New Age music works, featuring the then new sounds of the Moog synthesizer together with ethnic percussion. 




Franchising

Franchising is a business method that involves the licensing of trademarks and methods of doing business. That can be chain stores, which are retail outlets which share a brand and central management, but also an exclusive right to sell branded merchandise. A similar case is a media franchise, the ownership of the characters and setting of a movie, video game, book, or toys etc., particularly in North American usage. Examples include Pokémon, Harry Potter or Barbie.


Province of Alessandria

Alessandria is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Asti

Asti is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Biella

Biella is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Cuneo

Cuneo is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Novara

Novara is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Turin

Turin () was a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola

Verbano-Cusio-Ossola is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Vercelli

Vercelli is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Campobasso

Campobasso is a province in the region of Molise, Italy.

Province of Isernia

Isernia is a province in the region of Molise, Italy.

Province of Ancona

The province of Ancona () is a province in the Marche region of Central Italy. Its capital is the city of Ancona, and the province borders the Adriatic Sea. The city of Ancona is also the capital of Marche.

Ancona has an area of . The province is bordered to the northeast and east by the Adriatic Sea, to the northwest by the province of Pesaro and Urbino, to the west with Umbria (province of Perugia) and to the south with the province of Macerata.

The main rivers in the province, from north to south, areː

The highest point in the province is "Serra Santa-Cima Nord",() in the Apennines; it is high.

There are 474,124 persons living in the province (1 January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 47 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The largest "comune" is Fabriano, with and the smallest is Concamarise, with . Only two "comuni" have less than 1,000 inhabitants (2017)ː San Paolo di Jesi with 912 inhabitants, and Poggio San Marcello with 685 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Cannon

A cannon is a type of artillery, or large gun. They are made with a large tube called "barrel", and shoot projectiles. Cannons were first made in China, and were used with another Chinese invention, gunpowder. The gunpowder was put at the back of the tube, and the projectile, usually a cannonball, was placed in front. The gunpowder was set on fire, and would explode. This pushed the cannonball out the front of the tube towards the enemy. Howitzers and mortars are similar to cannons but they have shorter barrels and shoot the projectiles (that is: balls or shells) higher.

A field gun is a cannon if its barrel lenght is more than 35 times its caliber (the inner diameter, "bore", of its shell pathway). If the barrel length is 10 to 35 times the caliber, it is a howitzer. Less than 10 times are called mortars.

Modern guns that can shoot many big projectiles quickly and automatically are called autocannons. Modern cannons are usually used on warships and tanks.

Province of Macerata

The Province of Macerata () is a province in the region of Marche in Italy. Its capital is the city of Macerata.

Macerata is the largest of provinces of the Marche, with an area of . The province is bordered to the east by the Adriatic Sea and to the west by the Umbria region (Province of Perugia). It is the only province of the Marche that borders with other three provinces of the same regionː the Ancona to the north, Ascoli Piceno to the southwest and the Fermo to the south.

The main rivers in the province areː

There are 318,921 persons living in the province (1 January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 55 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:
The largest "comune" is San Severino Marche, with and the smallest is Camporotondo di Fiastrone, with . The two "Comune|comuni" with fewest people living in it are Bolognola, with 137 inhabitants, and Monte Cavallo, with 133 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Induction



In biology and chemistry:

In psychology:

In philosophy, logic, and computer science:

In mathematics:

In physics:

Deduction

Deduction might mean:


Steven Cherundolo

Steven Cherundolo (born February 19, 1979 in Rockford, Illinois) is an American soccer player. He has played most of career (until 2008) for the German football club Hannover 96. Cherundolo plays on the position of a defender.

Before he came to Hannover, Cherundolo played from 1997 to 1998 in an American college soccer league for the University of Portland.

In his first season for Hannover 96, 1998-99, he made four matches in the team which played in the 2nd German league (2. Bundesliga). In the following season, Cherundolo was in the team most of the time, but he had a bad knee injury. He came back during the 2000-01 season and made 18 matches. In the following season, he made 33 of 34 matches and has been a start member of the team most of the time until 2008. 

In 2002 he got up to the 1st league with his club and played the following seasons in the 1st German league (1. Bundesliga). All together Cherundolo made 250 matches for Hannover 96 from 1999 to 2008, scoring six goals. 

Cherundolo made his first match for the United States national team against Jamaica on 8th September 1999. Until 2008 he has made 44 matches for his national team, scoring two goals.


WrestleMania XXV

WrestleMania XXV (or The 25th Anniversary of WrestleMania or WrestleMania 25), was the twenty-fifth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling Pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment and took place on April 5, 2009 at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. It was the second WrestleMania in the state of Texas, with the first being WrestleMania X-Seven, at the Reliant Astrodome, also in Houston, which was held in 2001. The tagline for the event was ""Everything is bigger in Texas, especially WrestleMania"." "Cowboy" by Kid Rock was used in the first promotional advertisement for the event. While WWE calls it the 25th Anniversary, it is only the 24th anniversary as WrestleMania I cannot be an anniversary of itself.

It was announced on January 30, 2009 that "War Machine" and "Shoot to Thrill", both by AC/DC, would be the theme songs for WrestleMania.

Since 1993, the winner of the yearly Royal Rumble match at the event of the PPV has won the opportunity to wrestle for a World Championship at WrestleMania. The only Royal Rumble winners since 1993 that did not wrestle for a championship at WrestleMania are Steve Austin in 1997, and Vince McMahon in 1999. Randy Orton won the match in 2009, earning a match for a world championship at WrestleMania XXV.

On the February 16 edition of "Raw", Shawn Michaels challenged John "Bradshaw" Layfield to a match the following week for the right to face Undertaker at WrestleMania. Shawn won this match but was then forced to face Vladimir Kozlov for the right to face Undertaker at WrestleMania. Shawn won this match and faced The Undertaker at WrestleMania.

Money in the Bank (MITB) qualifying matches started on the February 23, 2009 edition of "Raw" with a triple threat match CM Punk versus John Morrison versus The Miz. CM Punk won the match and is the first of eight men to be added to the Money in the Bank ladder match. The following week on "Raw", another triple threat match between Rey Mysterio, Kane and Mike Knox with the winner of this match qualifying for (winning his way into) the MITB ladder match. Kane won this match and as a result was added to the ladder match.


Counties of Romania

The judeţe (translated in English as "counties") are administrative units of Romania.

The following is a complete list of all the counties in Romania:
Source: http://www.recensamantromania.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Comunicat_DATE_PROVIZORII_RPL_2011_.pdf 

Alba County

Alba (; Hungarian: "Fehér") is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Transylvania. The capital of Alba County is Alba Iulia, with a population of 72,405 people.

Alba County has an area of 6,242 km².

The main rivers are the Mureş River and its tributaries, the Târnava, the Sebeş and the Arieş.

Alba County has 4 municipalities, 7 towns and 67 communes, all listed below:



Arad County

Arad (; Hungarian: "Arad", Serbian: "Arad/Арад") is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Crişana. The capital of Arad County is Arad. About 185,272 people live in Arad County.

Arad County has an area of 7,754 km².

The Mureş River and the Crişul Alb River both flow through Arad County.

Arad County has one municipality, 9 towns and 68 communes.




Sanrio

Sanrio Co., Ltd. is a Japanese company that makes characters and sells and licenses products with images of characters. The things they make include stationery (pencils, pens writing, paper greeting cards, etc.), school supplies and gifts. Sanrio's mascot is Hello Kitty, a white cat with a red bow, yellow nose and no mouth. Hello Kitty is one of the most successful marketing brands in the world. 
Sanrio was started by Shintaro Tsuji as the Yamanashi Silk Company in 1960. In 1973 the company changed its name to "Sanrio." The word Sanrio comes from ""san"" (meaning three in Japanese) and ""río"" (meaning river in Spanish"). He named the company Sanrio to join the three rivers of the world.

Besides selling character goods, Sanrio also takes part in movie production and publishing. Sanrio worked together with Sega Toys to make a series of cartoons, toys, and other products called Jewelpet. They make lots of greeting cards.

The company has worked with UNICEF since 1984.

Sanrio also has two theme parks in Japan, Sanrio Puroland in Tama, Tokyo, and Harmonyland in Hiji, Ōita, Kyūshū.



John Burningham

John Burningham (27 April 1936 – 4 January 2019) was a British children's book writer and illustrator. He won many awards including the Kate Greenaway Medal in 1963 for his book called . He was also known for illustrating the book "Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang".

Burningham was born April 27, 1936 in Farnham, Surrey, England. Burningham died on 4 January 2019 at the age of 82 from pneumonia.

Borka: The Adventures of a Goose With No Feathers

Borka: The Adventures of a Goose With No Feathers is a children's book that was written by John Burningham in 1963. The book won the 1963 Kate Greenaway Medal.

Kate Greenaway Medal

The Kate Greenaway Medal is an award that was created in the United Kingdom in 1955. It was named after the children's illustrator, Kate Greenaway. The medal is given every year to an extremely good work of illustration in children's literature. It is awarded by the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals (CILIP).

The first award was given to Edward Ardizzone for "Tim All Alone" in 1956. The winner gets a golden medal and £500 worth of books to give to a library of their choice. 

Since the year 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award of £5000.


Kate Greenaway

Catherine "Kate" Greenaway (17 March 1846 – 6 November 1901) was a children's book illustrator and writer. Her first book, "Under The Window" (1879) was a best-seller.

The Kate Greenaway Medal is awarded every year by the UK Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals to an illustrator of children's books.

Greenaway died of breast cancer in 1901 at the age of 55. She is buried in Hampstead Cemetery, London.

The Cry of the Icemark

The Cry Of The Icemark is the first book in the "Icemark Chronicles" that are written by the English author Stuart Hill. The book won the Ottakar's Children's Book Prize in 2005. It also won the 2006 Highlands Children's Book award for Long Novels in 2006. It is followed by "The Blade of Fire".

Blade of Fire

Blade of Fire is the second book in Stuart Hill's fantasy series, "The Icemark Chronicles". It came out in 2007. It tells the story of Nicosia, the elder heir of the king Cupro.

Stuart Hill

Stuart Hill is a British author who was born in 1958. in Leicester England. He has written two books in The Icemark Chronicles. They are called "The Cry of the Icemark" and "The Blade of Fire". He is currently writing the third book called "Last Battle Of The Icemark".

Chinon

Chinon is a French commune. It is in the west of the Indre-et-Loire department in the Centre-Val de Loire region, to the southwest of Paris, and is a subprefecture in the department. It is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Chinon and the administrative centre of the Chinon canton.

Chinon is in the valley of the Loire river, registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2000.

The historic town of Chinon is on the banks of the Vienne river about from where it joins the Loire.

The city of Chinon is along the Vienne river, near the confluence with the Loire river. The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Chinon to other cities are:

The "commune" of Chinon is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Chinon, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Chinon are known, in French, as "Chinonais" (women: "Chinonaises").

With a population of 8,073, Chinon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Chinon

Chinon is a subprefecture of the Indre-et-Loire department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Chinon and the administrative centre () of the canton of Chinon, with 34,893 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Chinon, Vienne et Loire" ().



Pacific Ring of Fire

The Pacific Ring of Fire is an arc around the Pacific Ocean where many volcanoes and earthquakes are formed. The area is also called the Pacific Rim, a term which refers to the coastal areas of the countries round the Pacific.

About three quarters of the world's dormant volcanos and active volcanos are here. The ring is 40,000km long, and there are 452 volcanoes.

About 90% of the world's earthquakes and 81% of the world's largest earthquakes occur along the Ring of Fire. The next most seismic region (5–6% of earthquakes and 17% of the world's largest earthquakes) is the Alpide belt, which extends from Java to Sumatra through the Himalayas, the Mediterranean, and out into the Atlantic. The Mid-Atlantic Ridge is the third most prominent earthquake belt. 

The Ring of Fire is a direct result of plate tectonics and the movement and collisions of crustal plates.


Palenque

Palenque (Bàak' in Modern Maya) is a Maya archeological site near the Usumacinta River in the Mexican state of Chiapas. It is a medium-sized site, much smaller than large sites like Tikal or Copán. It does, however, contain good examples of architecture, sculpture, roof comb and bas-relief carvings of the Maya time .



Jack Hyles

Jack Frasure Hyles (September 25, 1926 in Texas - February 6, 2001 in Indiana) was a important person in the independent Baptist movement. He was the pastor of the First Baptist Church of Hammond in Hammond, Indiana from 1959 until his death in 2001. 


Old Faithful Geyser

Old Faithful is a cone geyser in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming, in the United States. Old Faithful was named in 1870 and was the first geyser in the park to get a name.

Eruptions can shoot 3,700 to 8,400 U.S. gallons (14–32 kL) of boiling water to a height of 106–184 feet (30–55 m) lasting from 1.5 to 5 minutes. The average height of an eruption is 145 feet (44 m).
Eruptions often occur about 90 minutes away from each other, but this difference in time can range from 45 to 125 minutes on occasion.
More than 137,000 eruptions have been recorded. Harry M. Woodward first described the relationship between the duration and intervals of the eruptions in 1938). Old Faithful is not the highest or biggest geyser in the park; that title belongs to the less predictable Steamboat Geyser.

Over the years, the difference in time has increased, which may be the result of earthquakes changing underground water levels. These disruptions have made the earlier relationship inaccurate, but have made Old Faithful more predictable. With an error of 10 minutes, Old Faithful will erupt 65 minutes after an eruption lasting less than 2.5 minutes or 92 minutes after an eruption lasting more than 2.5 minutes. The reliability of Old Faithful is because it is not connected to any other thermal features of the Geothermal areas of Yellowstone| Upper Geyser Basin]].

Between 1983 and 1994, four probes containing temperature and pressure measurement devices and video equipment were lowered into Old Faithful. The probes were lowered as deep as 72 feet (22 m). Temperature measurements of the water at this depth was 244 °F (118 °C), the same as was measured in 1942. The video probes were lowered to a maximum depth of 42 feet (13 m) to observe the conduit formation and the processes that took place in the conduit. Some of the processes observed include fog formation from the interaction of cool air from above mixing with heated air from below, the recharge processes of water entering into the conduit and expanding from below, and entry of superheated steam measuring as high as 265 °F (129 °C) into the conduit.


Odyssey (disambiguation)

The Odyssey is an ancient Greek epic poem by Homer.

Odyssey could also mean:






