World peace

World peace is an idea of freedom, peace, and happiness among everyone. World peace is an idea of a world without violence, where nations try to work with each other. World peace could mean equal human rights, technology, free education for everyone, engineering, availability of medicine, diplomats and/or an end to all forms of fighting.

A report in May 2011 on the Global Peace Index, found that if the world had been 25% more peaceful in the previous year, the global economy would have had an additional $2 trillion. This amount would have covered 2% of the GDP per year required to avoid the worst effects of global warming, cover all costs to achieve the Millennium Development Goals, cancel the public debt held by Greece, Ireland and Portugal, and cover the one-time rebuilding costs for the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

Many religions believe in world peace. The League of Nations and the United Nations were created to make world peace. Many theorists, however, believe that humans were born to be violent and preventing it would not be possible because it is nature. Others have said that criminals do not believe in peace and will continue to commit crimes.


Pyramid of the Sun

The Pyramid of the Sun is the largest pyramid in the ancient city of Teotihuacán. Teotihuacán is about north of the modern-day Mexico City. The Aztecs named the building Pyramid of the Sun, when they entered the abandoned city of Teotihuacán. The original name of the building is unknown.

The pyramid has a base length of about , and its current height is . This makes it the second largest pyramid in pre-Columbian America, after the Great Pyramid of Cholula. Inside Teotihuacán, the pyramid is located between the Pyramid of the Moon and the Ciudadela, on what is called the "Avenue of the Dead". It is near a mountain called Cerro Gordo. The pyramid is part of large complex, which is in the middle of the city.

The pyramid was constructed in two phases. After completion of the first phase, about 100 AD, the pyramid had reached almost its current height. The second phase consisted in adding an altar and a big statue at the top. Neither the altar nor the statue survive. 

Originally, the pyramid was covered with plates made of calcite, which showed images of animals, such as jaguars, but these plates did not survive. 

The pyramid probably served as a temple to one of the deities of Teotihuacán; but the name of the deity, and the nature of the cult are unknown today. 

Graves of children have been found in the pyramid. It is believed that the children were sacrificed to consecrate the building.

Gérard Philipe

Gérard Philipe (4 December 1922 – 25 November 1959) was a French actor who appeared in 34 movies between 1944 and 1959.

Gérard Philipe was born in Cannes, France. He had Czech ancestry from his maternal grandmother. When Philipe was a teenager, he took acting lessons. He done this before going to Paris to study at the Conservatoire of Dramatic Art. When Philipe was 19, he made his stage debut at a theater in Nice. The following year, he performed in the Albert Camus play, "Caligula".

Philipe made his movie debut in "Les Petites du Quai aux Fleurs" (1943). After a few other minor roles, he became famous in his performance in Claude Autant-Lara's "Devil in the Flesh" (1947). Philipe was popular among women because of his looks. He was also liked by his friends. 

In 1951, Philipe married Nicole Fourcade (1917-1990). She was an actress and writer. They had two children. Fourcade was given the name Anne Philipe. She had also wrote about Philipe in two books. The first called "Souvenirs" (1960) and a second biography titled "Le Temps d'un soupir" ("No Longer Than a Sign", 1963).

Philipe was recognized worldwide for his talent. At the time of his death, he was at his peak in his career. Philipe died of liver cancer while working on a movie project in Paris. It was several days before his 37th birthday. He was buried in the village cemetery in Ramatuelle, Var near the Mediterranean Sea.

In 1995, the celebrate 100 years of the cinema, the French government issued a series of limited edition coins. One of which included a 100 franc coin with Philipe's picture. In France, Philipe is known as an important person in that country. In 1986, he was given a postage stamp with his picture on it. There is also a movie festival named after him. There are also a number of school's in France that were named after Philipe. In Germany, he is less respected as an actor. However, a cultural center is named after him in Berlin.

Film

Voice



Turnip

The turnip or white turnip (Brassica rapa subsp. rapa) is a root vegetable. It is found in temperate climates worldwide. Smaller kinds of turnip are grown for human food. Larger ones are grown to feed livestock.

Turnips have glucosinolates -- plant-based chemicals that may help prevent all kinds of cancer, from breast to prostate. Eye health. Turnips are rich in the antioxidant lutein. This keeps your eyes healthy and wards off problems like macular degeneration and cataracts.
In the north of England and Scotland, the name turnip, or neeps, are given to the larger turnips such as the yellow rutabagas. They are called swedes father south.


Carotid artery

The carotid artery is one of the major arteries of the human body. It helps blood flow to and from a human's heart. 
In human anatomy, the left and right common carotid arterie are arteries that supply the head and neck with oxygenated blood.

Irish elk

The Irish elk ("Megaloceros giganteus") was one of the largest deer that ever lived. Its range extended across Eurasia, from Ireland to east of Lake Baikal and China.

The last known remains of the species have been carbon dated to about 7,700 years ago. Most skeletons have been found in Irish bogs. It was not closely related to either of the living species currently called elk "Alces alces" (the European elk, or "moose") or "Cervus canadensis" (the North American elk or wapiti). For this reason, the name "Giant Deer" is sometimes used.

"Megaloceros giganteus" first appeared about 400,000 years ago. It stood about tall at the shoulders, and had the largest antlers of any known deer (a maximum of from tip to tip and weighing up to ).

In body size, the Irish Elk matched the living moose subspecies ("Alces alces gigas") as the largest known deer. The Irish Elk got to a mass of about , with large specimens having weighed or more, roughly similar to the Alaskan Moose. A significant collection of "M. giganteus" skeletons can be found at the Natural History Museum in Dublin.

The size of Irish Elk antlers is distinctive, and several theories have arisen as to their evolution. One theory was that their antlers, under constant and strong sexual selection, increased in size because males were using them in combat for access to females. It was also suggested that they eventually became so unwieldy that the Irish Elk could not carry on the normal business of life and so became extinct. This is simply nonsense, because no species survives that long if it is not effective in its habitat. Also, many other Pleistocene megafauna went extinct within a few thousand years of the end of the ice age. The Irish Elk is no different in that respect.

Larger deer species have antlers that are "more" than proportionately larger. This is due to allometry, or differential growth rate of body size and antler size during development. This suggests that the antlers of the species' ancestors were already large to begin with. Gould concluded that the large antler size and their position on the skull was very much maintained by sexual selection. Although they were ill-suited for combat between males, they were ideal to intimidate rivals or impress females. Unlike other deer, "M. giganteus" did not even have to turn its head to present the antlers to best effect, but could do this by simply looking straight ahead.

Theories about the extinction of ice age megafauna are of two kinds. One is that climate change was primary; the other claims that hunting by man was primary. Probably both causes contributed.

High amounts of calcium and phosphate compounds are needed to form antlers, and therefore large quantities of these minerals are required for the massive structures of the Irish Elk. The males (and male deer in general) met this requirement partly from their bones, replenishing them from food plants after the antlers were grown or reclaiming the nutrients from discarded antlers (as has been observed in extant deer). Thus, in the antler growth phase, Giant Deer were suffering from a condition similar to osteoporosis.

When the climate changed at the end of the last glacial period, the vegetation in the animal's habitat also changed. However, the most recent specimen of "M. giganteus" in northern Siberia, dated to 8,000 years ago – well after the end of the last glacial period – shows "no" sign of nutrient stress. They come from a region with a continental climate where the proposed vegetation changes had not (yet) occurred.

The disappearance of the local populations of Irish Elk is not surprising, because as climate warmed they would be separated from each other by water. The situation is less clear for the Irish Elk in continental Eurasia east of the Urals. A combination of human presence along rivers and slow decrease in habitat quality in upland areas presented the last Irish Elk with the choice of either good habitat but considerable hunting pressure, or general absence of humans in a suboptimal habitat.

List of people executed for homosexuality

Many people have been killed for being a homosexual. Killings of homosexuals are only practice in the Middle East and North Africa, where homosexuals are believed to be the reason for famines and other disastrous events. In other parts of the world, homosexuals can be charged to life in prison to a warning from local police. In some countries, homosexuals are given the right to be who they are and are protected by law.


1,112 and Counting

1,112 and Counting is an essay that was written by novelist and playwright Larry Kramer in 1983. It was published in the "New York Native". The newspaper is a gay daily newspaper for the LGBT community. It was believed to be one of the first major essays to be written about the AIDS crisis. The essay begins with the HIV death toll at the time. Many homosexuals did not like the essay. This was because the essay blamed them for the wide spread of the disease. Many others did not like it because Kramer was accused of being a 'self-hating gay man'. This was because of his novel "Faggots" which gave negative views on casual and anonymous sex.

The essay helped influence much of queer writing. It also helped Kramer's reputation as an gay rights advocate.


Adam and Steve

"Adam and Steve" is a phrase that was created from a conservative Christian slogan "God made Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve". It was created to summarize Judeo-Christian bible-based arguments against homosexual practices or homosexuality. The slogan also expresses that heterosexuality is the natural way of life for humanity. 

The phrase appeared on a protest sign as early as 1977. It was mentioned in a "New York Times" report about a November 19 rally in Houston, Texas that year. In 1979, Jerry Falwell helped the phrase to become popular. This happened after a press conference he held for "Christianity Today". Many LGBT people have made movies and plays based on the phrase. Paul Rudnick wrote the play "The Most Fabulous Story Ever Told", which has a gay couple named Adam and Steve. In 2005, a gay movie was released with the title "Adam & Steve".


Latin music

Latin music is a form of popular music played by from Latin America. For practical purposes that includes the Spanish-speaking Caribbean. Much Latin music is accompanied by song (singing) in Spanish.

Latin music is a part of world music, which is the study of popular and traditional music in all countries. Part of the story is also the influence of Latin music in other parts of the world, especially North America.

In discussing Latin music these themes are important:

For example, differences in the music of Peru from that of Brazil are influenced or caused by such differences:

The influence of Europe, and in particular Spain, to Latin music is as follows:

The influence of Africa comes mostly from slaves who originally belonged to the Yoruba, Dahomey and Congo peoples. Its importance in a Latin country varies according to whether many slaves were brought to that country hundreds of years ago. The freeing (liberation) of slaves took place at various times from the middle to the end of the 19th century. In Latin music its influence was:

West of the Andes, the music is clearly influence by the indigenous Indian peoples. The panpipes and flutes of Peru are distinctive, as is their most popular rhythms. In Ecuador forms of the flute occur, but most of the music is influenced by the European waltz (as the "pasillo") and by various Afro-Latin styles from the Caribbean. Chile has the "cueca", introduced in 1824. It was the "most popular air of Chile". Despite this, the influence of the indigenous Indian peoples on Latin music is much less noticeable than the influence of European and African music. There are dozens of folk rhythms which survive, but usually they have had had little or no effect outside their particular locale, whereas the influence of the Spanish and African peoples is seen almost everywhere. In Argentina, the famous tango uses a rhythmical device known as the "cinquillo". This is a syncopated rhythm similar to that in the Cuban habanera. Syncopation and polyrhythms are unmistakable signs of Africa. Argentine music has a number of folk tunes and rhythms of Indian origin, but the tango is dominant and the other rhythms are not.

Lydia Mendoza (19162007), a singer of Mexican descent, became the first American-born Hispanic to record a song in Spanish (1928). Hispanics recording music was rare during the early 1900s. In 1960s, Tejano music (in Southern United States, Mexico), Spanish folk (in Spain), salsa (in Puerto Rico), cumbia (in South America), and bachata (in Dominican Republic) were the most popular forms of Latin music at the time.

Latin music became very popular in North America and the United States in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, especially mambo, cha-cha-cha, Boogaloo and Latin soul. The popular television program I Love Lucy (1951-57) featured the character Ricky Ricardo, who was the bandleader of a Cuban orchestra in New York. 

In the 1970s, bolero became a popular music genre in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rican singer Hector Lavoe became one of its important musicians. In the United States, many Hispanics were discriminated against for speaking Spanish. Because of this, many children and young adults favored English music such as rock and roll and tried not to speak Spanish outside of their home. In the 1980s, Latin music started becoming popular again. American music magazine, "Billboard" added several Latin music-categories. These include Top Latin Albums, Regional Mexican Albums, Tropical Albums and the Latin Pop Albums chart. Because of this, younger generations became interested in recording Latin music. During the late 1980s, freestyle music became a popular Latin music genre. Freestyle music was rarely recorded in Spanish.

In the 1990s, artists including Selena, Gloria Estefan, Luis Miguel, and Thalía became popular in this decade. They helped Latin music and recording Latin music popular for young children and adults. Selena became the most popular Latin artist of the United States in 1995, when she was murdered at 23. She became the first and only Latin artist to peak an album that contained mostly Spanish music at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. At the time of her death, she was competing with Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson with her album "Dreaming of You" (1995) which sold 3,000,000 copies its first year. Enrique Iglesias, Shakira, Marc Anthony, Ricky Martin, and Jennifer Lopez became popular in the mid and late 1990s.

In the 2000s, Latin music began to see a decrease of music sales. Tejano music became less popular, although the "Queen of Tejano music", Selena became the "Top Latin Artist of the Decade" by "Billboard" magazine in 1999. Shakira, Ricky Martin, and Jennifer Lopez continued to become more popular and had number one singles and albums in the "Billboard" 200. Marc Anthony, Aventura, Don Omar, and Enrique Iglesias remained popular in the Latin scene. In the 2010s, Prince Royce, Pitbull, Romeo Santos, and Wisin & Yandel became popular during this decade. Jennifer Lopez, Ricky Martin, and Shakira crossover into English music with some Spanish releases. In the 2010s, bachata music became popular because of Prince Royce and Romeo Santos. As of 2012, Selena remains the best-selling Latin artist with 60,000,000 copies sold worldwide. Jennifer Lopez is second with 55,000,000 copies sold worldwide.

Usher (album)

Usher is the debut album by American singer Usher. It was released on August 30, 1994 on LaFace Records.

The album reached number 167 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It was given positive reviews from music critics.

Sample credits


My Way (Usher album)

My Way is the second studio album by American singer Usher. It was released by LaFace Records on September 16, 1997. The album had three singles "Nice & Slow", "My Way" and "You Make Me Wanna...".

The album debuted at number 15 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 66,000 copies the first week. It also debuted at number four on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. It reached number one for three weeks. "My Way" was then certified 6x Platinum for shipping 6,000,000 copies in the United States. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award. It also became his "breakthrough album". Many music critics gave positive reviews for the album.



8701

8701 is the third studio album by American singer Usher. It was released by Arista Records on August 7, 2001.

Recording the album took place in 2000 and 2001. The album debuted at number four on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 210,000 copies the first week. In 18 weeks it sold 1,940,000 copies.

It has sold 4,700,000 copies in the United States. The album has sold over 8,000,000 copies worldwide. It was certified 4x Platinum by the RIAA. It reached number one on the UK Albums Chart and the Canadian Albums Chart. In Australia, it was certified 2x Platinum and Platinum by the BPI.

The album was given positive reviews from music critics. Many liked Usher's "matured voice" and the instruments Usher used to record the songs.

Credits for "8701" from Allmusic.


Confessions (Usher album)

Confessions is the fourth studio album by American singer Usher. It was released on March 23, 2004 from Arista Records. The album was recorded between 2003 and 2004. It was produced by Jermaine Dupri, Jimmy Jam, Terry Lewis, and Lil Jon. "Confessions" is an R&B album with some hip hop and crunk styles. The album's theme had controversy. This was because of Usher's personal relationship. Producer, Jermaine Dupri later said that the album is about Usher's personal story.

The album was a success in the United States. It sold 1,095,000 copies the first week. It continued to sell more copies because of its four singles. A special edition version was released. It had the hit single "My Boo". This was to try and help the album sell more records and to stop bootlegging. Some music critics gave a mixed review for the album's lyrics. However, the album was given positive reviews. The album also won several awards. It won a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Album.

"Confessions" has sold 10,000,000 copies in the US. It was certified diamond by the RIAA. This means that the album shipped 10,000,000 copies. Many music critics believe the album was Usher's "greatest works". According to "Billboard" the album is the second best-selling album of the 2000s in the US. The album debuted at number one on many music charts around the world. It became the first album by Usher to do this.

Credits for "Confessions" from Allmusic.


Raymond v. Raymond

Raymond v. Raymond is the sixth studio album by American singer Usher. It was released on March 26, 2010. Recording the album happened between 2008 and 2010. It was produced by Jermaine Dupri, The Runners, Ester Dean, Polow da Don, RedOne, Jim Jonsin, Danja, Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis, Bangladesh, and Tricky Stewart.

The album debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 329,000 copies the first week. It sold over 1,000,000 copies in the United States. It was then certified platinum by the RIAA. This means that the album shipped 1,000,000 copies in the United States. "Raymond v. Raymond" released five singles. These include the hit single "Hey Daddy (Daddy's Home)", "Lil Freak", "There Goes My Baby", "OMG", and "More".

After the album was released, it was given mixed reviews from music critics. Many music critics did not like the lyrics and the themes of the songs. Others liked it. The album won several awards. It won a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Album and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. Usher went on his OMG Tour in 2011 to promote the album worldwide.

Credits for "Raymond v. Raymond" from Allmusic.




Versus (EP)

Versus EP is the first extended play by American singer Usher. It was released on August 24, 2010 on LaFace Records and Jive Records. It was produced by Polow da Don, Jim Jonsin, Rico Love, Drumma Boy, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, Tha Cornaboyz and Max Martin. "Versus" was the "last chapter of "Raymond v. Raymond"". The songs talked about Usher being a single father.

The EP debuted at number four on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 46,000 copies the first week. It became Usher's sixth top-ten album in the United States. The album released two singles. These include "Hot Tottie" and "DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love". "Versus" reached the top-20 in Canada, top-30 in France, top-40 in Germany, Belgium, and on the Dutch Albums Chart. Many music critics did not like that album was a "pop" album. However, it was given most positive reviews.

Credits for "Versus" from Allmusic.



Sharon Tate

Sharon Marie Tate (January 23, 1943 – August 9, 1969) was an American actress. She was married to movie director Roman Polanski.

Sharon Marie Tate was born in Dallas, Texas on January 23, 1943. She was the eldest daughter of a career army officer. So, her family had to move through various parts of the United States and Europe. As a child, her parents placed her in a beauty contest and she won.

Tate made her movie debut in "Eye of the Devil" in 1965. The movie producer, Martin Ransohoff, made a ten-minute documentary promoting her, called "All Eyes on Sharon Tate".

Tate met Polanski while acting in his movie, "The Fearless Vampire Killers". That movie was a comedy mocking Hammer Horror movies. Polanski married her in 1968. She was also in the comedy "Don't Make Waves" in 1967. In 1967, she was also in the movie "Valley of the Dolls". In 1969, she was in the spy comedy "The Wrecking Crew". Her last movie was an Italian slapstick comedy called "12+1".

On August 9, 1969, Tate was stabbed 16 times and then hanged by the neck from a ceiling beam. This was done at the orders of cult leader Charles Manson. Her unborn son, Paul, also died. The acts (four people were murdered) were done by the members of Manson's group, known as The Family.


Nastassja Kinski

Nastassja Kinski (born January 24, 1961)is a German-born American movie actress who has been in more than 60 movies. She is the daughter of German actor Klaus Kinski. Her movie debut was in "The Wrong Move" in 1975 at the age of 13. She starred in 1976 in "To the Devil a Daughter". She was also in a television episode of "Tatort" called "Reifezeugnis" in 1976. That show was about a teenage girl in love with her teacher. She was then in "Boarding School" in 1976. She was also in "Così come sei", also called "Stay as You Are" in 1978. She won a Golden Globe Award for her role in "Tess". The most recent movie she was in was "Inland Empire" (2006).

At one point she dated Polish movie director Roman Polanski, who she met on the set of "Tess". She had a son with actor Vincent Spano. In the mid-1980s, Kinski met Egyptian movie maker Ibrahim Moussa. They married on September 10, 1984. They had two children. The marriage ended in 1992. From 1992 until 1995, Kinski lived with musician Quincy Jones. In 1993, their daughter was born.


Looking 4 Myself

Looking 4 Myself is the seventh studio album by American singer Usher. It was released on June 8, 2012. The album was released on RCA Records. The album was produced by Diplo, Rico Love, Jim Jonsin, Salaam Remi, Pharrell Williams and Max Martin. It features Rick Ross, Pharrell, Luke Steele, and A$AP Rocky as backing vocalist. The music on the album are "revolutionary pop". This was created by Usher in November 2011. He wants to produce a sound that is similar to the current era of music. This includes electronic, R&B, soul, hip hop, and pop.

The album released three singles. These includes "Climax", "Scream", and "Lemme See". The song "Climax" reached the top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. However, it reached number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for ten weeks. The song "Scream" reached the top 10 on the Hot 100. Usher promoted the album. He done this by performing in the off-broadway show "Fuerza Bruta: Look Up". He also performed the songs on the album at other shows and events including on "Saturday Night Live", "Good Morning America", and Capital FM Summer Time Ball.

After its release, the album was given positive reviews. Most reviews liked that the album had different music genres. Others did not like it. However, the album debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 128,000 copies the first week. It then became Usher's fourth number one album. However, the sales of the first week were the lowest since Usher's "My Way" album (1997).

Credits for "Looking 4 Myself" from Allmusic.

Managerial

Performance credits

Visuals and imagery

Instruments

Technical and production


Live (album)

Live is a live album by American singer Usher. It was recorded on October 15 and 16, 1998 in Chattanooga, Tennessee. It was released on March 23, 1999 on LaFace Records. The album was released in audio-only and video versions. It was released because Usher's last album "My Way" was released in 1997. "Live" was filling the gap between his albums.

"Live" was given mixed to negative reviews. Many critics did not like the "poor live sound" of Usher's voice. "Live" reached number 73 on the "Billboard" 200. It also reached number 30 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. On the Top Music Videos chart, "Live" reached number 3. The album has sold over 200,000 copies in the United States. Both the audio ans video versions were gold by the RIAA. This means that 500,000 copies of the album were shipped in the United States.

Can U Get wit It

"Can U Get wit It" is a song by American singer Usher. It was the lead single from his debut album "Usher" (1994). It reached at number 59 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also reached number 91 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was produced by Jodeci's DeVante Swing.

US Vinyl, 12"

UK Vinyl, 12", Promo

Think of You

"Think of You" is a song by American singer Usher. It was the second single from his debut album "Usher" (1994). Usher co-wrote the song along with Donell Jones and Faith Evans. It is a sample of jazz singer Ronnie Law's song "Tidal Wave".

The song did better than the single "Can U Get wit It". It reached number seven on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It also reached number 58 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. "Think of You" also got to number 70 on the UK Singles Chart. The music video features Taral Hicks, who Usher is singing to.

US Vinyl, 12"


Complex plane

In mathematics, the complex plane is used to help visualize complex numbers. The vertical line is called the "imaginary axis", and the horizontal line is called the "real axis". Any complex number can be written as "a+bi", where "a" and b are real numbers, and "i" is the principal square root of -1. In the complex plane, you go "a" spaces on the real axis, and "b" spaces on the imaginary axis. The complex plane can also be expressed in the form of polar coordinates, where the size of the line is equal to the square root of "a squared" plus "b squared", and the direction is an angle.

The complex plane can be used to draw the graphs of some functions, called "complex functions", that can be used to study all kinds of things, like cars, airplanes, atoms and electricity. 

Every complex number "z=a+bi" has a complex conjugate. It is written as formula_1 and is equal to "a-bi". The complex number and its conjugate can be represented on the complex plane—as mirror opposites about the real axis.


The Many Ways

"The Many Ways" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released as the last single from his debut album "Usher" (1994).

The song did not do so well on the music charts. It reached at number 42 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart. It did not chart on the Hot 100.


You Make Me Wanna...

"You Make Me Wanna..." is a song by American singer Usher. It was released by LaFace Records and Arista Records on August 5, 1997. It became the lead single from Usher's second album "My Way" (1997). The song was written by Usher and Jermaine Dupri and Manuel Seal. Dupri and Seal produced the song. The song is written in the key of E major. It is an R&B, soul, and pop ballad song. The song's instruments are the acoustic guitar, hi-hat, and bells. 

The song is about a relationship between Usher, his girlfriend, and her best friend, who Usher really likes. Usher uses a pick-up line "You make me wanna leave the one I'm with and start a new relationship with you". The line is the song's hook. The song was given positive reviews. It won a "Billboard" Music Award, a Soul Train Music Award, a WQHT Hip Hop Award, and a nomination for a Grammy Award.

"You Make Me Wanna..." reached several music charts. It was number one on the UK Singles Chart and the US Hot R&B Singles chart. It also reached the top ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100, Pop Songs, Canadian Singles Chart, Dutch Top 40, and the ARIA Singles Chart. The music video was directed by Bille Woodruff. It shows Usher dancing in several colored rooms and backgrounds. It also uses an effect which created several clones of Usher.



Nice &amp; Slow

"Nice & Slow" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released as the second single from his second album "My Way" (1997). It became his first number one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It also reached number 24 on the UK Singles Chart. Because of this, "Nice & Slow" was not a success in that country since his single "You Make Me Wanna..." reached number one.

It also became the last single from Usher's "My Way" album. It was written by Brian & Brandon Casey of Jagged Edge, Manuel Seal, Jermaine Dupri, and Usher. The music video for the song featured Kimora Lee Simmons.

UK CD: 1


US CD:2

UK CD: 2


My Way (Usher song)

"My Way" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from the album of the same name in 1998. It features Jermaine Dupri as backing vocalist. The song peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for 2 consecutive weeks, from August 22 to August 29, 1998. The song did not reach number one because of Brandy Norwood and Monica's single "The Boy Is Mine". Because "Nice & Slow" was not successful in the UK, "My Way" was not released as a single there.


Bedtime (song)

"Bedtime" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "My Way" (1997) in 1998. It became the fourth and last single to be released from that album. "Bedtime" was released as a promotional recording. It reached number 66 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.


Pop Ya Collar

"Pop Ya Collar" is a song by American singer Usher. It became a lead single from "8701" (2001). The song was leaked on the Internet as part of "All About U", an unreleased album by Usher.

The song reached number 60 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It was more successful in the United Kingdom where it reached number two on the UK Singles Chart. The song was about an upturned collar. It then became a popular culture "buzzword" at the time.

The catchphrase (or slang) helped the song to be released by other artists. These include "Pop Yo Collar" by MC Hammer (2000) and "Poppin' My Collar" by Three 6 Mafia (2006). However, the word originally came from the Bay Area artist E-40. Hammer's version (featuring Wee Wee) helped make "The Phat Daddy Pop", "In Pop Nito", "River Pop", "Deliver The Pop" and "Pop'n It Up" dance moves.

UK CD


U Remind Me

"U Remind Me" is a song by American singer Usher. It is from the album "8701" (2001). The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It reached the top five in the United Kingdom and Australia.

The song talks about a man who meets a woman. He really likes her, however, he does not want a relationship with her. This is because she looks just like an ex-girlfriend who he had a bad breakup with. The music video features Chilli from TLC. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance in 2002. This was Usher's first Grammy win. 


U Got It Bad

"U Got It Bad" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from the album "8701" in (2001). It was the second single from the album. It reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It reached the top 5 in the United Kingdom and Australia.

The song was produced by Jermaine Dupri. It was co-produced by Bryan-Michael Cox. The Soulpower remix had more airplay in some countries than the original version. The song is ranked at number 99 on the "Billboard" All-Time Hot 100 Top Songs. It was named the 15th most successful song from 2000 to 2009 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Songs of the Decade.

UK CD: 1


UK CD: 2


U Don't Have to Call

"U Don't Have to Call" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "8701" (2001). It was the third single. It reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It reached number four on the UK Singles Chart.

The song won a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance in 2003. This became his second Grammy win. "U Don't Have to Call" became the last single from "8701". The song sold 4 million copies in the United States. The music video was filmed in Los Angeles at the Westin Bonaventure Hotel. Kelis is the backing vocalist.

UK CD



U-Turn (song)

"U-Turn" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "8701" (2001). It was released as an international single. This means that it was not released in the United States, where Usher lives. It was produced by Jermaine Dupri. The song reached the top ten in Australia, top 20 in the United Kingdom and Switzerland. It was a top 40 hit in the Netherlands. 

The song was written by Usher, Dupri, and Brian Michael Cox. Cox had co-wrote four of Usher's songs, including hit single "U Got It Bad". The song mentions Michael Jackson and Bobby Brown. It also talks about crunk. This made it one of the first R&B songs to talk about that music genre.

UK CD
"Limited Edition Enhanced 4 Track CD with Poster"

Europe Maxi-CD

Germany CD


I Need a Girl (Part One)

"I Need a Girl (Part One)" is a song by American rapper P. Diddy. It features Usher and Loon. It was released from the album "We Invented the Remix" (2002). It reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It reached number one on the Hot Rap Tracks chart. It also reached number four on the UK Singles Chart.

CD-Maxi

Yeah!

"Yeah!" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released in January 2004 as the lead single from "Confessions" (2004). It was written by Lil Jon, Sean Garrett, Patrick J. Que Smith, Ludacris, Robert McDowell, and LRoc. It was produced by Lil Jon. The song is an R&B and crunk song. It features Lil Jon and Ludacris.

The song was remixed by Tengo Calderón. "Yeah!" reached number one on 20 different charts in 15 countries. It also was given platinum certifications from different countries, including by the RIAA and RIANZ. The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for 12 weeks. It became the longest-running number one song in 2004. The single sold 2 million copies worldwide. It became one of the fastest-selling hip hop songs ever.

It was ranked number two on the Billboard Hot 100 Songs of the Decade for 2000-2009. Usher performed "Yeah!" at the Victoria's Secret fashion show in 2008. The song won Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 47th Grammy Awards. It has also been used in the 2005 movie "Hitch" and in the 2009 movie "The Hangover".



Burn (song)

"Burn" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "Confessions" (2004). It was written by Usher and Jermaine Dupri, Bryan-Michael Cox. It was produced by Dupri and Cox. The song talks about a breakup in a relationship. Many music critics believed that it was Usher's "personal struggles". The song won the 2005 Kids Choice Award for Favorite Song.

"Burn" was supposed to be the album's lead single. However, because many critics liked the song "Yeah!", it was released second. It was released in July 2004 as the second single. It reached a lot of music charts worldwide. It reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. At the time, "Yeah!" was still at number one. "Burn" replaced it. It stayed on the chart for eight weeks. 

"Burn" was certified platinum in Australia and gold in New Zealand and the United States. The song was given positive reviews. It won several awards. In 2009, it was named the 21st most successful song of the 2000s. It was included on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Songs of the Decade.

Lovers &amp; Friends

"Lovers and Friends" is a song by American hip hop group Lil Jon & The East Side Boyz. It was released in November 2004. It was released as the last single from their album "Crunk Juice". It features Usher and Ludacris. The song reached number three on the Hot 100 chart. "Lovers & Friends" was a sample of Michael Sterling's song. 

Confessions Part II

"Confessions Part II" is a song by American singer Usher. It was produced by Jermaine Dupri and Bryan-Michael Cox. It was released for his album, "Confessions" (2004). It was written by Usher, Dupri and Cox. The song is about a confession of a man to his woman. His girlfriend told him that she is three months pregnant and that she is keeping the child. This gives stress to the guy because he does not want a child at the moment. 

Music critics started rumors that Usher might become a father. However, he told the press that the inspiration for the song came from friends who went through similar experiences. Music critics gave mixed reviews on the song. It was released as the third single from the album. It reached number one on the Hot 100 for two weeks. It became Usher's third number one single.



Keith Sweat

Keith Sweat (born 22 July 1961) is an American rhythm & blues singer. Many of his songs came out during the new jack swing era (1984 – 1996). He is from New York City. His songs include "I Want Her", "Make it Last Forever", and "Merry Go Round".

My Boo

"My Boo" is a duet by American singers Usher and Alicia Keys. It was written by Usher, Keys, Jermaine Dupri, Adonis Shropshire, and Manuel Seal. It was produced by Dupri. The song is a hip hop track. It was included in the re-release of "Confessions" (2004). It was given positive reviews and won several awards.

The song was released as the album's fourth single in 2004. The single stayed on top of the Billboard Hot 100 for six weeks. This became the third most-successful single from the album after "Yeah!" and "Burn". It was also ranked as the 36th biggest song of the 2000-2009 decade in the US.



Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired

Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired is a movie documentary about movie maker Roman Polanski and his 1977 trial where he admitted to having unlawful sexual relations with a 13 year old girl in California. The movie questions whether or not Polanski received a fair trial. It was produced by Marina Zenovich.

Church of Saint Michael, Vienna

St. Michael's Church () is a church in Vienna, Austria. It is a Roman Catholic church and is one of the oldest churches in the city. The church is named after Saint Michael, an important angel for Roman Catholics. It was built between 1220 and 1240 in the Romanesque style. 

Many changes have been made to the church over the years, both inside and outside. The steeple was added in the 16th century. The church's facade (the outside front of the building) was changed to a neo-classical style in 1792. The facade has not changed since then. 

There is a large statue of St. Michael on top of the front door of the church. Inside the church, the altarpiece has a large sculpture by Lorenzo Mattielli (1688 – 1748). The sculpture shows Saint Michael sending the bad angels out of Heaven. Below the sculpture, there are statues of two angels holding a picture of the Virgin Mary. 

This church is very near to the Hofburg Palace, the palace of the Holy Roman Emperors. St. Michael's was the parish church of the Emperors and their families. Many famous people are buried in the church. One of them is the Italian poet, Pietro Metastasio. The church has a very large pipe organ. Parts of the organ are covered with gilt (thin sheets of gold). The famous composer, Joseph Haydn, played this organ when he was a very young man. In 1791, parts of Mozart's "Requiem" (music set to the words of the Requiem Mass) were performed for the very first time in St. Michael's Church. They were performed in memory of Mozart by the singers and musicians who worked with him in Vienna. 

Western diamondback rattlesnake

The western diamondback rattlesnake ("Crotalus atrox") is a species of venomous rattlesnake found in the deserts of the United States of America and Mexico. The western diamondback rattlesnake is responsible for most of the snakebites in northern Mexico and the U.S.A. There are currently no subspecies found.

Adult western diamondback rattlesnakes usually grow up to the length of 120 cm (3.9 ft), but some grow up to the length of 150 cm (4.9 ft) and 180 cm (5.9 ft). The longest ever found was 213 cm (6.99 ft) long. Males are much larger than females, but they become larger when they mature. These rattlesnakes usually weigh about 1.8 to 2.7 kg (4.0 to 6.0 Ib), but some can weigh 6.7 kg (15 Ib).They are usually gray-brown in color, but some are pinkish brown, or brick red. It is then covered with dark gray-brown blotches and white stripes.

The western diamondback rattlesnake is also known as the "adobe snake", the "Arizona diamond rattlesnake", the "coon-tail snake", the "desert diamondback snake", the "spitting rattlesnake", the "Texan snake", and the "Texas diamondback rattlesnake".

In the U.S.A, the western diamondback rattlesnake is found in central and western Arkansas, Oklahoma, Texas, southern and central New Mexico, southern and central Arizona, southern Nevada, and southeastern California. In Mexico it is found in Nuevo Leòn, Coahuila, Chihuahua, Sonora, northeastern Baja California, northern Sinaloa, northeastern Durango, Zacatecas, San Luis Potosì, northern Veracruz, Hidalgo,and Querètaro. Some have been found on islands in the Gulf of California, like San Pedro Màtir, Santa Marìa, and Tìburon.

The western diamondback rattlesnake is found in deserts, grasslands, pink-oak forests, coastal plains, and rocky canyons of the U.S.A and Mexico.

Western diamondback rattlesnakes are one of the most aggressive rattlesnakes in North America, and usually coils and rattles when threatened.
In the winters they hibernate in caves and burrows with other snake species. They are very poor climbers. 

Around 94% of a western diamondback rattlesnake's diet is made up of small mammals like the prairie dog, the kangaroo rat, the pocket gopher, the vole, the wood rat, the pocket mouse, the white-footed mouse, the harvest mouse, the ground squirrel, the rabbit and moles. They also eat lizards and birds. Some of the birds they eat are the mockingbirds, burrowing owls, black-throated sparrows, and the eastern meadowlark. The lizards they eat are the whiptail liazards, spiny lizards, Texas banded gecko, and the side-blotched lizard. They also eat insects like the ant, beetle, and grasshopper. They usually hunt in the early morning or at night. 
The western diamondback rattlesnake is eaten by coyotes, foxes, and hawks.

The western diamondback rattlesnake is, like all rattlesnakes, viviparous. A female is pregnant for around six to seven mouths before giving birth to her young. The young only stay with their mother for a few hours before leaving on their own to go and hunt. They mate in spring and the female gives birth to around 12 to 25 young at a time. When they are born they are around 30 cm (12 in) long. Young western diamondback rattlesnakes have a venomous bite from the moment they are born. Western diamondback rattlesnakes live for around 20 years.

Second Alcibiades

Second Alcibiades (also called Alcibiades II or Alcibiades minor) is a text in Ancient Greek. It is a dialogue. Originally, it was attributed to Plato, but today it is thought Plato was not the author. In the dialogue, Socrates talks to the young Alcibiades. Alcibiades later became a successful statesman and general. The two people talk about philosophical aspects of prayer. The starting point of the question is how prayer should be performed correctly, and what to pray for.

High-functioning autism

High-functioning autism (HFA) is an informal term given to autistic people who do not have an intellectual disability, but may exhibit difficulties in in communication, recognising emotions, and social interaction. The overlap between HFA and Asperger syndrome is subject to controversy; both are autism spectrum conditions.

Many medical professionals, autistic people, and supporters of autistic rights disagree with the use of "functioning" labels, as many "high-" or "low-functioning" autistic people may be able to function differently at different times. "Autism with/without intellectual disability" is preferred.

Caught Up

"Caught Up" is a song by American singer Usher. It was written by Ryan Toby, Andre Harris, Vidal Davis and Jason Boyd. The song was produced by Dre & Vidal. It was released from his album called "Confessions" (2004).


Same Girl

"Same Girl" is a song by American singer R. Kelly. It was written by R. Kelly, Ronnie Jackson and J. Smith. It was produced by Lil' Ronnie and R. Kelly. The song was released on May 29, 2007. However, it was leaked onto the Internet on May 2. The song was released as a single from his album "Double Up" (2007). The song features Usher. "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked the song number 26 on their list of 100 Best Songs of 2007.


Rett syndrome

Rett syndrome is an almost entirely female based disorder which affects girls. This condition is a neurological disorder which involves the brain's grey matter. The clinical features include small hands and feet. People with Rett syndrome also have scoliosis. They might also have cognitive impairment.

Love in This Club

"Love in This Club" is a song by American singer Usher. It features rapper Young Jeezy. It was released as a lead single from Usher's album "Here I Stand" (2008). It was written by Usher, Polow da Don, Young Jeezy, Darnell Dalton, Ryon Lovett, Lamar Taylor and Keith Thomas. It was produced by da Don. The song's beat is synthpop. The song is about wanting to have sex in a nightclub.

The song was given mixed reviews. Many liked the song's production. However, others did not like that it was a "slow song". Some believed that the song was not "original". "Love in This Club" reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart. The music video was nominated at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards. R&B singer Keri Hilson is featured on the video. She is Usher's crush in the nightclub. A remix of the song called "Love in This Club Part II", features Beyoncé and Lil Wayne.





Moving Mountains (song)

"Moving Mountains" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released on May 23, 2008. It became the third single from his album "Here I Stand" (2008). It was written by Usher, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Kuk Harrell and The-Dream. It was produced by Stewart and The-Dream. "Moving Mountains" is a slow tempo ballad. The song is about relationship problems. The song was given positive reviews from music critics. Many compared it to his 2004 single "Burn".

The song reached number 67 on the US Hot 100 chart. The music video was filmed in front of a green screen. It was a sequel to the video for "Love in This Club".





What's Your Name

"What's Your Name" is a song by American singer Usher. It features will.i.am. It was written by Usher, will.i.am and Toby Gad. It was produced by Gad. It was released on August 18, 2008. It was the fourth single from the album, "Here I Stand" (2008).

"What's Your Name" is a mid-tempo song. It is a electronic dance, New Wave, and snythpop song. The song was given mixed reviews from music critics. Many liked the song's beat. Other believed it was the worst song from "Here I Stand". The song reached the Australian Singles Chart and the Canadian Hot 100.



Trading Places (song)

"Trading Places" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released on October 17, 2008. It became the fifth and prev_title from his album "Here I Stand" (2008). Usher wrote the song with The-Dream and Carlos "Los Da Mystro" McKinney. It was produced by McKinney. The song is a slow-tempo song. It is an R&B and hip-hop song. The song talks about men trading roles with women in a relationship.




Spotlight (Gucci Mane song)

"Spotlight" is a song by American rapper Gucci Mane. It was the second single from his album "The State vs. Radric Davis" (2009). The song features Usher. It was released on October 19, 2009. It was produced by Polow Da Don.


Fed Up

"Fed Up" is the a song by DJ Khaled. It was released on March 2, 2010. It became his first single from his album "Victory" (2010). The song features Usher, Young Jeezy, Rick Ross and Drake.

Hey Daddy (Daddy's Home)

"Hey Daddy (Daddy's Home)" is a song by American singer Usher. It was the lead single from his album "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). It was written by Rico Love, Usher, Plies and The Runners. It was produced by the Love and The Runners. 


Source 


Lil Freak

"Lil Freak" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released as the second single from his album "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). The song features Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj. It was written by Minaj, Usher, Ester Dean, Blac Elvis and Polow da Don. It samples American soul singer Stevie Wonder's 1973 hit, "Living for the City". "Lil Freak" was released on March 2, 2010.

OMG (Usher song)

"OMG" is a song by American singer Usher. It features will.i.am who produced the song. The song uses auto-tune. It was released on March 22, 2010. It became the fourth single from his album "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). The song was given mixed reviews from music critics. Many did not like that the song used auto-tune. Other liked that the song had dance and club music to it.

"OMG" reached number one in charts in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States. This gave Usher his ninth number one song in the US. He then became the first artist to have number one songs in three decades (1990s, 2000s, and 2010s). The song sold 3.8 million copies in the US. It sold 6.9 million copies worldwide.



There Goes My Baby

"There Goes My Baby" is a song by American singer Usher. It was written by James Scheffer, Frank Romano, Danny Morris, and Rico Love. It was produced by Love and Jim Jonsin. It was released as a promotional recording for "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). It was released on February 9, 2010. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance, at the 53rd Grammy Awards in 2011.


DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love

"DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love" is a song by American singer Usher. It features rapper Pitbull. It was written by Savan Kotecha, Pitbull, Shellback and Max Martin. While Martin produced the song. It was released as the first single from "Versus" (2010). It was released as a digital download on July 13, 2010.




Hot Tottie

"Hot Tottie" is a song by American singer Usher. It was written by Usher, Ester Dean, Jay-Z and Polow da Don. It was produced by Don. It features rapper Jay-Z and Ester Dean in the song. It was released as the second single from "Versus" (2010). It was released on August 9, 2010. It samples Big Tymers' "Big Ballin'" song.

Opel Calibra

Opel Calibra is a car produced by Opel between 1990 and 1997. It was sold as a Vauxhall in the United Kingdom. 


More (song)

"More" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). It was written by Charles Hinshaw, Usher and RedOne. It was produced by RedOne. It was released on March 16, 2010. It became the third promotional recording for the album.

Dirty Dancer

"Dirty Dancer" is a song by Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias. It features American singer Usher. It was released for Iglesias' album "Euphoria" (2010). It was also included on Usher's "Versus" EP (2010). 



Indore

Indore is a city in the state of Madhya Pradesh in India. It is the largest city in Madhya Pradesh. It is 190 km away from Bhopal, which is the capital city of Madhya Pradesh.

The lifestyle of people of Indore is similar to Mumbai and also Indore is a rich city like Mumbai. So, Indore is also called "Mini Mumbai" (small Mumbai).

Promise (song)

"Promise" is a song by Dominican-Puerto Rican singer Romeo Santos. It features American singer Usher. It was released from Santo's album "Formula, Vol. 1" (2011). It was written by Rico Love. It was released as the second single. "Promise" is a Latin pop song.


Without You (David Guetta song)

"Without You" is a song by French DJ David Guetta. It features American singer Usher. It was released as the third single from Guetta's album "Nothing but the Beat" (2011). It was released on October 21, 2011 as a digital download. It was written by Usher, Taio Cruz, Rico Love, David Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort and Frédéric Riesterer. It was produced by Guetta, Tuinfort, Riesterer and Black Raw.

Old World monkey

The Old World monkeys or Cercopithecidae are a group of primates which are native to Africa and Asia today.

The Old World monkeys live in a range of environments from tropical rain forest to savanna, shrubland and mountainous terrain. They are also known from Europe in the fossil record. A (possibly introduced) free-roaming group of monkeys still survives in Gibraltar (Europe) to this day. Old World monkeys include many of the most familiar species of nonhuman primates, such as baboons and macaques.

Old World monkeys are medium to large in size, and range from arboreal forms, such as the Colobus, to fully terrestrial forms, such as the baboons. The smallest is the talapoin, with a head and body 34–37 cm in length, and weighing between 0.7 and 1.3 kilograms, while the largest is the male mandrill at around 70 cm in length, and weighing up to 50 kilograms (the females are much smaller).

By appearance, Old World monkeys are unlike apes in that most have tails (the family name means "tailed ape"), and unlike the New World monkeys in that their tails are never prehensile (used for holding on).

In most species, daughters remain with their mothers for life, so that the basic social group among Old World monkeys is a matrilineal troop (led by the dominant female). Males leave the group on reaching adolescence, and find a new troop to join. In many species, only a single adult male lives with each group, driving off all rivals, but others are more tolerant, establishing relationships between dominant and subordinate males. Group sizes are highly variable, even within species, depending on the availability of food and other resources.

List of Old World monkey species


Climax (song)

"Climax" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released on February 22, 2012 by RCA Records. It was the first single from his album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). It was written by Usher, Ariel Rechtshaid, Redd Stylez, and Diplo. It was produced by Diplo. The song is a quiet storm slow jam and electronic song. The song talks about a relationship that is turning for the worst.


Scream (song)

"Scream" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from the album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). The song was released on April 26, 2012 as a digital download. 

It was written by Max Martin, Shellback, Savan Kotecha, and Usher. It was produced by Max Martin and Shellback. This was the same group who wrote and produced Usher's 2010 single "DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love". "Scream" is an electropop song. It has dance-pop beats. The song talks about sexual situations. Many music critics called it a "club song". They also said that it is similar to Usher's older songs.

The song was given positive reviews from music critics. Many liked the musical instruments on the song. It debuted at number 70 on the US Hot 100 chart. It also debuted at number 32 on the Pop Songs chart. It then reached number 10 on the Hot 100. The song was very successful in Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom, Scotland, and Australia. Usher promoted the song by performing it live several times. He performed the song at the 2012 "Billboard" Music Awards.




Lemme See

"Lemme See" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). It features rapper Rick Ross. "Lemme See" became the third single from the album. It was released on May 8, 2012. The music video was released on June 14, 2012.

Touch'N You

"Touch'N You" is a song by American rapper Rick Ross. American singer Usher is featured on the song. It was released as the first single from Ross album "God Forgives, I Don't" (2012). It was released on May 22, 2012. It was written by Ross and Usher. It was produced by Rico Love and Mr. Morris. The music video was directed by Chris Robinson. It was released on June 19, 2012.

Celeste Holm

Celeste Holm (April 29, 1917 - July 15, 2012) was an American actress. Her father was Norwegian. She was born, raised and died in New York City. Holm died on July 15, 2012 in New York City from a heart attack. She was 95.

For her role as Anne Dettrey in "Gentleman's Agreement", Holm won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress.


Sri Chinmoy

Sri Chinmoy (August 27, 1931 – October 11, 2007) was a Bengali spiritual master, poet, artist and athlete who immigrated to the U.S. in 1964. Sri Chinmoy wrote 1,500 books, 115,000 poems and 20,000 songs, created 200,000 paintings and gave almost 800 free peace concerts around the world.

In 1987, Sri Chinmoy started the World Harmony Run for international friendship. The run is yearly. In this run, an international running team carry a torch between more than 100 countrys.



Raipur

Raipur is the capital city of the Indian state of Chhattisgarh. The state of Chhatisgarh was formed on 1 November 2000. Before this, Raipur was in the state of Madhya Pradesh.

In this city, many types of rice are grown. So, this city is also called the "rice bowl of India".

Méziane Idjerouidène

Méziane Idjerouidène (born 13 June 1980 in Paris) is the current managing director of his father's French airline, Aigle Azur, since 2008.

Idjerouidène became familiar with airlines while he was young as he spent his holidays doing part-time jobs in the family business before graduating from Toulouse Business School and the French Civil Aviation University ("Mastère Spécialisé" 2003).

Méziane Idjeroudène is also board member at ENAC Alumni.

Bhubaneshwar

Bhubaneshwar is the capital city of the Indian state of Odisha. It is the largest city in Odisha. Bhubaneswar means "lord of the world". Many temples are present in this city. So, it is also called "Temple city of India". It is a religious centre in Orissa from the Middle Ages. It is a planned city of modern India.

In 1948, Bhubaneshwar became political capital of Odisha. Before this, it was Cuttack. Bhubaneshwar and Cuttack are together called "twin-cities" of Orissa.

List of Billboard Hot 100 number ones of 2012

The "Billboard" Hot 100 chart is a weekly chart published on "Billboard" magazine. The Hot 100 ranks the top 100 songs by total CD sales, airplay and digital downloads.


Sexy and I Know It

"Sexy and I Know It" is a song by American duo LMFAO. It was released from the album "Sorry for Party Rocking" (2011). It was released as the third single on September 16, 2011. It was written by Stefan Kendal Gordy, GoonRock, Erin Beck, George M. Robertson and Kenneth Oliver. It was produced by Party Rock. 

The song reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart. It stood at number one for two weeks. The song became the group's second number one song. They became the second group to do this. The first was OutKast with "Hey Ya!" (2003) and "The Way You Move" (2004). "Sexy and I Know It" reached number one in Australia, Canada and New Zealand. The song was featured in the fifth season of "Gossip Girl". The song was covered in "Glee".




We Found Love

"We Found Love" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released from her album "Talk That Talk" (2011). It features Scottish DJ Calvin Harris. Harris also released the song on his album "18 Months" (2012). The song was released as the lead single from "Talk That Talk". It was released on September 22, 2011. "We Found Love" is a electro house song. It has several musical instruments. These include synthesizers, alarm bells, and a keyboard. The song is about a couple. They found love in a place where it is impossible to find love.

The song was given mixed reviews from music critics. Many critics liked Rihanna's voice on the song and its instruments. Others did not like the lyrics and Harris' production. "We Found Love" was a hit single. It reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart for eight weeks in 2011 and for two weeks in 2012. This was more than her 2007 single "Umbrella". "We Found Love" became Rihanna's eleventh song to reach number one on the Hot 100 chart. She was then placed third for most number-one singles by a female singer. The song reached number one in 20 countries including Ireland, New Zealand, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It got to the top five positions in Australia, the Netherlands and Spain. However, it reached the top ten in 29 countries worldwide.

The music video for the song was directed by Melina Matsoukas. The video shows Rihanna as a drug abuser who searches for things that gets her excited in a relationship. Because of this, the relationship is no longer a positive one. This is because the woman is now a drug addict, and violence can be found between herself and her boyfriend. The video has received over 779 million views as of March 2018. It was given mixed reviews. Some critics believed the video supported violent sex. It was also believed that the actor chosen for the role of the boyfriend looked similar to Rihanna's ex-boyfriend, R&B singer Chris Brown. Brown had assaulted Rihanna two years before the song was released.

There have been remixes and cover versions of the song since its release.


Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)

"Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)", is a song by American singer Kelly Clarkson. It was written by Jörgen Elofsson, Ali Tamposi, David Gamson, and Greg Kurstin. It was produced by Kurstin. It was released on January 17, 2012, by RCA Records. It became the second single from her album "Stronger" (2011). It reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart for two weeks in 2012.






Fun (band)

Fun (stylized as fun.) is an American alternative rock band. The band is from New York City. It was formed by Nate Ruess who used to be in The Format. After The Format breakup in 2008, Ruess formed Fun. The band has so far released two albums. Their first album "Aim and Ignite" was released in 2009. Their second album "Some Nights" was released in February 2012.

The band became famous for their hit single "We Are Young". Janelle Monáe was featured on the song. "We Are Young" reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart. It became the first alternative rock song to be number one since Coldplay's 2008 single "Viva la Vida". It also reached number one on the UK Singles Chart.



Mariah Carey (album)

Mariah Carey is the self-titled debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on June 12, 1990 on Columbia Records. It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The album has sold over 15 million copies worldwide. Her four singles "Vision of Love", "Love Takes Time", "Someday" and "I Don't Wanna Cry" all reached number one in the US.


Johann Arnold Nering

Johann Arnold Nering or Nehring (13 January 1659 in Wesel – 21 October 1695 in Berlin) was a German architect active in the Electorate of Brandenburg.
He worked for Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg, and Frederick I of Prussia. In his time he created the Linden-Markt, today known as Gendarmenmarkt and most beautiful square of Berlin, as well as Charlottenburg Palace, the royal residence of the Hohenzollern family in Berlin.

Emotions (album)

Emotions is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on September 17, 1991. It featured a more dance feel to it than the pop-soul and R&B of Carey's debut album "Mariah Carey" (1990).


MTV Unplugged (Mariah Carey EP)

MTV Unplugged is the first EP recorded by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on June 2, 1992.

Music Box (Mariah Carey album)

Music Box is the third album by American singer Mariah Carey. It was released on August 31, 1993.

International edition
Latin American edition

Merry Christmas (album)

Merry Christmas is the fourth studio album and first Christmas album by American R&B singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on November 1, 1994. "Merry Christmas" has sold over 5.5 million copies in the United States alone. The Recording Industry Association of America certified the album 5× Platinum.

Georg Christian Unger

Georg Christian Unger (25 May 1743 in Bayreuth – 20 February 1799 in Berlin) was a German architect. He was a pupil of the architect Carl von Gontard and served for Frederick II of Prussia. He created a lot of buildings in Potsdam, e.g. , and Berlin, e.g. at the Gendarmenmarkt.

Daydream (album)

Daydream is the fifth album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on October 3, 1995 by Columbia Records. Musically, "Daydream" features Carey's signature R&B and pop ballads, along with some uptempo dance songs along with the inclusion of hip hop; a genre, that Carey would include throughout her career.

Butterfly (Mariah Carey album)

Butterfly is the sixth album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on September 16, 1997. The music on the album was different to Carey's previous albums as it was mainly hip hop sounding than her standard R&B and "pop-soul" music.

Number 1's (Mariah Carey album)


Rainbow (Mariah Carey album)

Rainbow is the seventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on November 2, 1999. The album continued Carey's hip hop influenced sound from "Butterfly" (1997). It would also be Carey's last studio album on Columbia Records.

Notes

Glitter (soundtrack)

Glitter is the soundtrack of the movie of the same name and the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey.. The soundtrack was released on September 11, 2001. It was released by Virgin Records and was released on the same day as the September 11, 2001 attacks. Because of this sales were lower than expected.

Notes


Greatest Hits (Mariah Carey album)

Greatest Hits is the second compilation album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released in the United States on December 4, 2001. It features all of Carey's songs from when she was signed to Columbia.

Charmbracelet

Charmbracelet is the ninth album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on December 3, 2002. It was Carey's first album released by Island Records.

The Remixes (album)

The Remixes is a first remix album by American singer Mariah Carey. It was released in the United States on October 14, 2003.



The Emancipation of Mimi

The Emancipation of Mimi is the tenth album by American singer Mariah Carey. It was released in the United States on April 12, 2005. It went straight to No.1 and was the best-selling album of the year in the US. It was Carey's best-selling album since "Daydream" (1995). Sixteenth months after the album was released Carey announced a tour for the album, "The Adventures of Mimi: The Voice, The Hits, The Tour". The album was nominated for ten Grammy Awards. She won won "Best Contemporary R&B Album" for "The Emancipation of Mimi", as well as "Best Female R&B Vocal Performance" and "Best R&B Song" for "We Belong Together".


E=MC² (album)

E=MC² ("abbreviation of" Emancipation=Mariah Carey²) is the eleventh album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released in the United States on April 15, 2008. The album's lead single "Touch My Body" became Carey's eighteenth number single on "Billboard" Hot 100.

The Ballads (Mariah Carey album)

The Ballads is the third compilation album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on October 11, 2008 and featured mainly ballads that Carey sang throughout the early part of her career.


Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel

Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel is the twelfth album by American singer Mariah Carey. It was released on September 25, 2009.

Sample credits

Merry Christmas II You

Merry Christmas II You is the second holiday album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. The album was released on November 1, 2010.

The Essential Mariah Carey

The Essential Mariah Carey is a greatest hits album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. The album was released on January 7, 2011.

Good Girl Gone Bad: The Remixes

Good Girl Gone Bad: The Remixes is first remix album by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on January 27, 2009.

Rated R (album)

Rated R is the fourth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released in November 2009 by Def Jam Recordings. Musically, the album is a departure from her 2007 album "Good Girl Gone Bad", "Rated R" features a dark theme compared to her previous albums and features a wide range of genres such as pop, hip hop and R&B. It recorded after Rihanna's assault by her then-boyfriend, fellow R&B singer Chris Brown in the beginning of 2009.

Credits for "Rated R" adapted from Allmusic.


3 CD Collector's Set (album)

3 CD Collector's Set is a box-set by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on December 15, 2009.

Credits for "3 CD Collector's Set" adapted from Allmusic.

Rated R: Remixed

Rated R: Remixed is the second and final remix album by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on May 8, 2010, in Brazil and Europe and on May 24, 2010, in the United States by Def Jam Recordings. It contains remixes from her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009). The songs were remixed by house music producer Chew Fu.


Talk That Talk

Talk That Talk is the sixth studio album released by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on November 18, 2011. The album produced big hits around the world, including the number one single "We Found Love", "You da One" and "Where Have You Been", rapper Jay-Z was featured on the title track.

Credits for "Talk That Talk" deluxe edition:

Leslie Grantham

Leslie Grantham (30 April 1947 – 15 June 2018) was a British actor and convicted murderer. He was born in Camberwell, London. In 1962, he joined the British Army. In 1966, whilst stationed in Osnabrueck, Germany, he shot a taxi driver dead whilst trying to rob him. 

He was convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. He was released from prison in 1977. He began his acting career in 1983. He is best known for playing Den Watts in "EastEnders" from 1985-1989 and from 2003-2005.

Grantham died from a pulmonary embolism complicated by lung cancer in London on 15 June 2018 at the age of 71.

La voix du bon Dieu

La voix du bon Dieu (English: "Good God's Voice") is the debut album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Céline Dion chante Noël

Céline Dion chante Noël (English: "Céline Dion Sings Christmas Songs") is a holiday album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Tellement j'ai d'amour...

Tellement j'ai d'amour... (English: "I Have So Much Love...") is the second album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Les chemins de ma maison

Les chemins de ma maison (English: "The Paths of My House") is the third album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Du soleil au cœur

Du soleil au cœur (English: "Sunshine in the Heart") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Mélanie

Mélanie is the seventh album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Les plus grands succès de Céline Dion

Les plus grands succès de Céline Dion (English: "Céline Dion's Greatest Hits") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Les oiseaux du bonheur

Les oiseaux du bonheur (English: "The Birds of Happiness") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


C'est pour toi

C'est pour toi (English: "It's For You") is the tenth album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Céline Dion en concert

Céline Dion en concert (English: "Céline Dion in Concert") is a live album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Les chansons en or

'Les chansons en or' (English: "The Golden Songs") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Incognito

Incognito is the 15th album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

The chart is available only since April 1995.

The Best of Celine Dion

The Best of Celine Dion is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Unison

Unision is the English debut album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Dion Chante Plamondon

Dion chante Plamondon (English: "Dion sings Plamondon") is the 16th French album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Celine Dion (album)

Celine Dion is the second English album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

The Colour of My Love

The Colour of My Love is the third English album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Les premières années

Les premières années (English: "The Early Years") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Jacques Derrida

Jacques Derrida (15 July 1930 - 9 October 2004) was a French philosopher. He was born in El Biar, French Algeria into a family of Sephardi Jews. originally from Toledo, Spain. He developed a form of semiotic analysis known as deconstruction. His work is called post-structualism and associated with postmodern philosophy. He died of pancreatic cancer in a Paris hospital.

À l'Olympia

À l'Olympia (English: "At the Olympia") is a live album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


D'eux

D'eux (English: "Of Them or About Them or From Them") is the 14th French album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

All tracks written by Jean-Jacques Goldman except where noted.

Gold Vol. 1

Gold Vol. 1 is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Gold Vol. 2

Gold Vol. 2 is the greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion. It is also the second of "Gold" series.


Falling into You

Falling into You is the fourth English album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Live à Paris

Live à Paris (English: "Live in Paris") is a live album by Canadian singer Céline Dion.


C'est pour vivre (album)

C'est pour vivre is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

The Collection 1982-1988

The Collection 1982–1988 is a 2CD greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Let's Talk About Love

Let's Talk About Love is an English album by Canadian singer Celine Dion. It is her fifth album. It was released November 18, 1997. In 1998, it won "Female Album of the Year " at the Billboard Musica Awards.

S'il suffisait d'aimer

S'il suffisait d'aimer (English: "If Love Were Enough") is the 19th French album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

All tracks written by Jean-Jacques Goldman except where noted.

These Are Special Times

These Are Special Times is a holiday album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

The Early Singles

The Early Singles is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

 Listed as "Ne partez pas sans moi (karaoke version)" on the "Les Hits" re-release.


Au cœur du stade

Au cœur du stade (English: "At the Heart of the Stadium") is a live album by Canadian singer Céline Dion. It was released on August 27, 1999.

1. "Let's Talk About Love" – 7:39
2. "Dans un autre monde" – 4:26
3. "Je sais pas" – 5:47
4. "Je crois toi" – 4:36
5. "Terre" – 4:26
6. "J'irai où tu iras" (with Jean-Jacques Goldman) – 4:06
7. "S'il suffisait d'aimer" – 5:10
8. "On ne change pas" – 6:03
9. Medley acoustique:
10."Pour que tu m'aimes encore" – 5:20
11."My Heart Will Go On" – 5:23

Shirley Booth

Shirley Booth (August 30, 1893 – October 16, 1980) was an American actress. She was born Marjory Ford in Brooklyn, New York. Her long career on Broadway started in 1920. She won three Tony Awards. She starred in both the stage and movie versions of "Come Back, Little Sheba" and won a Tony Award, a Golden Globe Award, and an Academy Award. She played live-in maid Hazel in the 1960s sitcom television series "Hazel". She won two Emmy Awards for her performance as Hazel and was nominated for a third.

Booth was twice married (Ed Gardner, William H. Baker) and had no children. She died at North Chatham, Massachusetts, and is buried in Mount Hebron Cemetery in Montclair, New Jersey.

Ted Key

Ted Key (born Theodore Keyser, August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008) was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known for the single-panel comic strip "Hazel". This comic strip was about a bossy live-in maid. It ran in "The Saturday Evening Post" from 1943 until 1969 when the "Post" went out of business. It was then picked up by other publications. Key adapted the strip to the sitcom television series "Hazel". Shirley Booth starred as Hazel. Key also drew "Diz and Liz", a two-page feature that ran in the "Jack and Jill" children's magazine from 1961 to 1972. He also created "Peabody's Improbable History" for the animated television series "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show". In 1977, Key received the National Cartoonists Society Newspaper Panel Award for his work on "Hazel".

The Saturday Evening Post

The Saturday Evening Post is an American magazine. It started publication in 1897. Its origins are traced to Benjamin Franklin's colonial newspaper "The Pennsylvania Gazette". The "Post" was famous for its covers by Norman Rockwell and the single-panel comic strip "Hazel" by Ted Key. Contents included short fiction, poetry, and humor. Jack London's novel "The Call of the Wild" was first published in the "Post" in 1903.

Arranged marriage

An arranged marriage is when a couple are decided to wed by people other than themselves. In most cases, this is decided by their parents or other elders in their families, but can also be decided by religious figures, teachers, close friends of the family or others. It is mostly practised in Southern Asian, African, East, and Middle Eastern cultures today, and in East and Southeast Asian cultures to some extent. Arranged marriages are not just an alliance between two individuals, it is an alliance between families. Unlike forced marriages, partners are usually only suggested to the single person in question. They can accept or refuse.

Many people in Western cultures disagree with arranged marriages. It is the social norm in the west to form a deep, emotional bond with someone before marriage is even considered. However, recent studies have shown that although arranged marriages start with a low level of love (using the American Rubin Love Scale), they usually have twice the amount of love as non-arranged marriages within 10 years. Whereas in non-arranged marriages the level of love seems to become less as time goes on.

Eastern diamondback rattlesnake

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake ("Crotalus adamanteus") is a species of venomous pit vipers, found in southeastern United States of America. It is the largest rattlesnake, longest and the heaviest venomous snake in the Americas. There are currently no subspecies found.

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake is the heaviest venomous snake in the Americas, and the largest rattlesnake. The heaviest eastern diamondback rattlesnake ever found weighed 15.4 kg (34 Ib), and was 7.8 ft (2.4 m) long. This eastern diamondback rattlesnake however, was not the longest ever found, for there have been reports on seeing some which were 8 feet long. An eastern diamondback rattlesnake's actual length is usually around 3 to 5 feet long. They usually weigh 2.3 kg (5.1 Ib), but some that have been found can weigh 5.12 kg (11.3 Ib), or even 6.7 kg (15 Ib). They usually are brown, brownish yellow, brownish gray, or olive ground in color. There skin is covered with 24-35 dark brown or black diamond-shaped blotches, which have a lighter center. The belly is yellow or cream in color.
The eastern diamondback rattlesnake is also called the "diamond snake", the "common rattlesnake", the "diamond rattler", the "Florida diamondback snake", the "lozenge-spotted rattlesnake", the "southern woodland rattler", and the "water rattler".

They live in dry pine forests, salt marshes, swamp forests, and cypress swamps of United States of America. The U.S.A's states which it lives in are southeastern North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, southern Alabama, Mississippi, southeastern Louisiana and North Carolina.

Like most rattlesnakes they live on land, and are not good climbers. They have, however, been reports on some eastern diamondback rattlesnake being in bushes and trees, probably looking for a prey. Even though they are not good climbers, they are very good swimmers. These rattlesnakes have been seen many times hiding in mammal burrows. hawks, eagles, and other snakes eat eastern diamondback rattlesnakes.

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake catches its prey by ambushing it. It eats small mammals like rabbits and rats, birds and sometimes lizards. Since of adults large size they can easily attack and eat adult rabbits, there have also been reports on some eating turkeys. Young eastern diamondback rattlesnake eat mainly small rodents like mice, rats and squirrels. Sometimes they also eat large insects.

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake, like all rattlesnakes, are ovoviviparous. A female is pregnant for around five to six months before giving birth to her young. The young stay with their mother for a few hours (up to a few days at most) before leaving on their own to go and hunt for food. Because of this, many of the young snakes die quickly. Females give birth to around 7 to 21 young at a time; they give birth to their young in July to early October. Young are born to be about 12 inches (30 cm) long. When they are born they look similar to adults, but have a small button on their tail, unlike adults who have rattles on their tail.

It is classified as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List. In North Carolina, the eastern diamondback rattlesnake is protected by state law. It is considered endangered inside the state. It may be extinct in Louisiana. Some scientists and conservationists believe it may even be extinct in North Carolina.

This species is currently surveyed for being added to the Endangered Species List by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service because of its recent decrease in number.

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake is the most dangerous venomous snake in North America. While not usually aggressive, it is large and powerful. Its bite has a mortality rate of 10–20% when untreated. The estimated human lethal dose is 100–150 mg. A doctor described one case in which the symptoms included pain, bleeding from where the snake bit the person, internal pain, bleeding from the mouth, hypotension, a weak pulse, swelling and discoloration of the limb that was bitten.

CroFab and Wyeth's ACP are great antivenoms against bites from this type of rattlesnake. But, big doses may be needed to manage really bad cases of envenomation.

List of Leeds United A.F.C. players

The List of Leeds United A.F.C. players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Leeds United A.F.C. is an English football club in Leeds, West Yorkshire.

There were 30+ men on the 2010-2011 team, including

There were 30+ men on the 2011-2012 team. Only some of the names were the same as the 2011 season.

"(Note)" † Symbol - Indicates the player is currently 'Transfer Listed' by the club.



Participant observation

Participant observation is a way of getting information about a group of people. A person doing participant observation will live with a group of people in their normal environment. They do this so they can learn about that groups way of life. One of the uses of participant observation is to understand the world from the point of view of a person from that group. This is done by watching the things they do every day. The product of participant observation is normally a piece of writing about what the researcher has seen. It is called ethnography. Participant observers can live with the group for months or many years. The longer the researcher is with the group, the better the information they learn will be.

In the first half of the 20th century, anthropologists Bronislaw Malinowski, Margaret Mead and Edward Evans-Prichard started using participant observation. It is now the main way research is done by cultural anthropologists.

In Covert participation observation, the researcher lives with a group but does not tell the group that they are studying them. The research is done in secret. This method is good because the people will not act differently than they normally do if they do not known they are being studied. One problem with covert participation observation is that it can be unethical. The subject cannot give the researcher their consent because they do not know they are being studied. 

In overt participation observation, the researcher tells the group of people that they are being studied. A problem with this method is that people may change the way they act if they know they are being studied. Overt Participation Observation does not have the ethical problems of covert observation and lets the researcher watch the people lying about what they are doing.


Ethnocentrism

Ethnocentrism is when a person tries to judge the culture of other people from the point of view of their own culture. Ethnocentrism can look at things like language, custom, religion and behavior.

An ethnocentric person will use their own culture as the basis for judging other cultures. They see their own culture as the best and believe other cultures should change to be more like theirs.

The term was first used by sociologist William G Sumner. He defined it as “the technical name for the view of things in which one's own group is the center of everything, and all others are scaled and rated with reference to it”. (PS this is more exclusive word for "racist")

All people tend to use the values of the culture we were born in. One of the main goals of anthropology is to not use ethnocentric ideas. Anthropologists try to see other cultures from the point of view of a person from that culture . This is also known as "cultural relativism". It is the idea that goes against the idea that some things are always the same in every human culture (human universals). Cultural relativism says that all human action is relative to the culture where the action happens. Anthropologists know that they have to not use the standards of their own culture if they want to understand another society correctly.

Sumner, W.G. Folkways: a study of the sociological importance of usages,manners, customs, mores, and morals (Boston: Ginn and Co., 1906)

Matrilineality

Matrilineality is a way of identifying kinship ancestry through the mother or female line. A matriline is essentially a mother's line, which traces the descent from a female ancestor to an individual. Patrilineality is a way of identifying ancestry through the father or male line. A patriline is essentially a father's line, which traces the descent from a male ancestor to an individual. 

The use of these systems often involves inheritance of names and of possessions and a way of identifying kin. The system of patrilineal descent is usually more common than matrilineal descent.

Roddy Doyle

Roddy Doyle (born 8 May 1958) is an Irish novelist, dramatist and screenwriter. He was born in Dalkey and grew up in Killbarack. He writes about working class Dublin. Some of his books have been made into movies, the best-known of which is "The Commitments", which is the first of The Barrytown Trilogy. He, Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais adapted the book into a movie, "The Commitments"; the three men won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. 

Doyle is an atheist.

Podarcis muralis

Podarcis muralis (also known as the common wall lizard, the European wall lizard, and the wall lizard) is a fairly common species of lizard, living in Europe, on rocks or wall cracks.

Its small scales have very differenct colours and patterns. Its coloration is generally brownish or greyish. Sometimes it has a little bit of green. The tail is brown, grey or rust in colour. The belly has 6 rows of larger rectangular scales that are generally reddish, pink, or orangish. Common wall lizards may also have dark markings on the throat.

Neurosis

Neurosis is a term used in Freudian psychology. According to the American Heritage Medical Dictionary of 2007, the term is "no longer used in psychiatric diagnosis".

The disorders once classified as neuroses are now considered anxiety disorders. However, these changes are still controversial.

Neurosis may involve:

Neurosis has also been defined simply as a "poor ability to adapt to one's environment, an inability to change one's life patterns, and the inability to develop a richer, more complex, more satisfying personality."

Evergreen clematis

Clematis armandii (also called Armand Clematis or Evergreen Clematis) is a flowering vine of the genus "Clematis". 

"C. armandii" has good smelling 2.5-inch white flowers in spring. Its dark green leaves droop and it serves well as a screen. Its leaf tips may burn badly if grown in salty soil or water. It is native to China. 

Adam Clayton (footballer)

Adam Stephen Clayton (born 14 January 1989) is an English professional athlete. He is best known as an Association football player. He played for the English National Team.

Carlisle United

Middlesbrough

Individual


Distress (medicine)

In medicine, distress is a situation when a person is unable to completely adapt to stress. As a result, the person shows a set of behaviours which are not adapted to the situation. Very often, the person is aware of the situation, and feels bad about not being able to fully adapt. 

People often find ways of dealing with distress, in both negative and positive ways. Examples of positive ways are listening to music, calming exercises, sports and similar healthy distractions. Negative ways can include but are not limited to use of drugs including alcohol, and expression of anger, which are likely to lead to complicated social interactions, thus causing increased distress.

Rupert Murdoch

Rupert Keith Murdoch (born March 11, 1931) is an Australian-American media owner. He became managing director for Australia-based network News Limited after his father Keith died. He is founder, Chairman and chief executive officer of global media network News Corporation (the world's second largest media group). His mother Elisabeth Murdoch died on December 5, 2012.

Mohammed VI International Academy of Civil Aviation

The Académie internationale Mohammed VI de l'aviation civile (AIMAC, in English International Academy Mohammed VI of Civil Aviation) is a public aviation university created in 2000 by the King Mohammed VI of Morocco for aerospace education in this country, like Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnel training.

The French Civil Aviation University (ENAC) of Toulouse is close to the university by a partnership agreement, in particularly for air navigation courses. In December 2011, the academy has launched with this "grande école" and the "École des Ponts ParisTech" an aviation MBA at Casablanca. The Federal Aviation Administration is also a partner of AIMAC, in particular for the launch of common e-learning courses.


The Call of the Wild

The Call of the Wild is a story about a dog. The book was written by Jack London. It was first published in 1903 as a serial in "The Saturday Evening Post". It was published in book form by Macmillan the same year. The story is London's most popular work and is considered one of his greatest works. 

The story is about a pet dog named Buck. The dog is stolen from his California home. He is sold as a sled dog during the Klondike Gold Rush. Men, other animals, and nature itself treats Buck with cruelty. He survives by adapting to the ways of his wolf ancestors. At the end of the book, he breaks from all human contact and returns to the wild. 

Today, the book is often viewed as a children's story because it is about a dog. However, the book's themes of survival of the fittest, fate versus free will, and civilization versus nature have interest for all ages. The story has been made into movies and television shows. Most have failed to focus on Buck's story. Instead, the focus is on the human characters. 


Beautiful Joe

Beautiful Joe is a story about a mongrel dog named Joe. It was written by Margaret Marshall Saunders under the name Marshall Saunders, and published in 1893. It won a Humane Society competition. The book was a bestseller and directed public interest to animal cruelty. Joe was a real dog, brutally abused by his owner. He was rescued and his story told as an autobiography. Saunders wrote a sequel called "Beautiful Joe's Paradise".

In 1934, Saunders was given Canada's highest civilian award at the time, Commander of the British Empire or C.B.E. In 1963, the official Beautiful Joe Park was named in Meaford, Ontario, next to the house where Beautiful Joe was rehabilitated. A Beautiful Joe Heritage Society was formed in 1994 to preserve Joe's legacy and establish a museum.


Lassie Come-Home

Lassie Come-Home is a story about a dog and a boy. It was written by Eric Knight. It was first published as a short story in "The Saturday Evening Post" on December 17, 1938. The story was well liked. It was made into a book. The book was published by The John C. Winston Company in 1940. The story is about a collie named Lassie who travels hundreds of miles to get to the boy she loves. 

In 1943, MGM made the story into a movie called "Lassie Come Home". It starred Roddy McDowall and the dog actor Pal. The Lassie character became very famous. She was the main character in other movies during the 1940s. In the middle 1950s, she became the main character in the television series "Lassie". 

Uncle Tupelo

Uncle Tupelo was an alternative country music group from Belleville, Illinois. The group was active between 1987 and 1994. Jay Farrar, Jeff Tweedy, and Mike Heidorn formed the band. Uncle Tupelo split on May 1, 1994. Farrar then formed Son Volt with Heidorn. The remaining members became Wilco.


Lassie (TV series)

Lassie is a dramatic children's television series. It was televised on CBS from September 12, 1954 to March 24, 1973. The series is about the adventures of a collie and her human and animal friends.

The show was the brainchild of television producer Robert Maxwell and animal trainer Rudd Weatherwax. They created a story about a struggling midwestern farm family and its dog. Weatherwax's dog actor Pal was chosen to play the title character. Pal had played Lassie in the seven MGM movies about the dog character. Pal made the two pilots for the television series, and then retired. The television Lassies that followed were all descendants of Pal, all were male, and all were trained by Weatherwax.

In 1957, oil millionaire Jack Wrather took over the show as producer. He guided it through its greatest years with his wife Bonita Granville Wrather. The first ten years of the series are set on a farm in the American midwest. These years focus on the relationship between Lassie and a young farm boy. The next seven years are about the dog and her Forest Ranger friends. In the last two years, Lassie lives at a home for troubled children. The show was famous for its "Whistle Theme" by Muzzy Marcellino. The Campbell's Soup Company sponsored the show's entire 19-year run. Spin-off merchandise was produced for children such as comic books, play sets, and clothing. The show won two Emmy Awards in its early years.

The show had a large cast over the years. Tommy Rettig played the farm boy for the first three years. Jon Provost became the farm boy in 1957 when Rettig left the show. Jan Clayton played Rettig's mother and June Lockhart played Provost's. Hugh Reilly played Provost's father. Both actresses were nominated for Emmys. The show had its best ratings during the Provost years of the early 1960s. Some episodes from these years were put together to make a color adventure movie for theatres.

Provost left the show in 1964. A new story was developed that took Lassie off the farm. She became the friend of three Forest Rangers. They all had adventures in America's most beautiful natural areas such as Monument Valley and Alaska. In the early 1970s, new rulings about prime time were handed down by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). These rulings meant that "Lassie" would be moved to the 8 pm time slot. "Lassie" had been shown for nineteen years in the 7 pm time slot. Producers felt that this move would not work for the show's child audience. The show was cancelled. Since the cancellation, "Lassie" has played in reruns and has never been off the air.

Exile (disambiguation)

Exile is to be away from one's home and not allowed to return.

Exile, exiled, or exiles may also refer to:





Mina Salman

Mina Salman is a seaport in Manama, Bahrain. Mina Salman was a natural harbour before the establishment in 1962. It covers 80 hectares. It is the primary cargo port and customs point of Bahrain. The port has 15 container berths. This lets it handle 2.5 million tonnes a year.

The port is named after Salman ibn Isa al-Khalifa, the grandfather of the current King.

Connie Chung

Constance Yu-Hwa "Connie" Chung (born August 20, 1946) is an American journalist. She was an anchor and reporter for American television networks NBC, MSNBC, CBS and CNN. Chung is married to talk show host Maury Povich. They have an adopted son.


Ann Curry

Ann Curry (born November 19, 1956) is an American television journalist and personality. She co-hosted the "Today Show" on NBC from 1997 until 2012. She also anchored "Dateline NBC" from 2005 to 2011. 

Curry was born on the island of Guam. Her father is American and her mother is Japanese. They met while her father was serving in the United States Navy during the US occupation of Japan after World War II.

Meredith Vieira

Meredith Louise Vieira (born December 30, 1953 in East Providence, Rhode Island, United States of America) is an American journalist, television personality and a game show host. She was the host of the syndicated version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire". She was a co-host on the ABC talk show "The View".

Querétaro dusky rattlesnake

The Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnake ("Crotalus Aquilus") also known as the "Vibora de cascabel", is a species of venomous Pit viper found usually on highlands of central Mexico. The scientific name ""Aquilus"" is a Latin word meaning "eagle", referring to the highlands on which it lives on. They are not a very well known species of rattlesnake, but the people in Mexico know much about them.

Adult Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnakes are around 50 centimeters (20 in) in length, but some can be as long as 67.8 centimeters (26.7 in). They are usually green, yellow, dark gray, or dark brown in color, with dark brown or black blotches on them.

They live mainly on highlands of central Mexico, but they also live in pine-oak forests, grasslands and grassy hills and mountains. The states of Mexico of which they live in are Querétaro,Guanajuato, Hidalgo, México, Michoacán and San Luis Potosí.

The Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnake eats mainly lizards, but they also eat frogs and many different types of rodents. Young ones also eat insects.

This rattlesnake is a type of venomous Pit viper, and one bite of it can harm a human. The poison of the Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnake is hemotoxic, meaning the poison effects the blood of a humans body. However the Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnake does not bite many people because it likes to be left alone; it will only bite a person if the person attacks it or annoys it.

Macbeth (1971 movie)

Macbeth was a movie directed in 1971 by Polish-French movie maker Roman Polanski. Jon Finch and Francesca Annis played the main characters. Polanski adopted Shakespeare's original play into a somewhat changed screenplay with the help of British theater critic and Shakespeare expert Kenneth Tynan. Hugh Hefner and Playboy Productions funded the movie. It was screened in New York and opened in Playboy Theater. Hefner was also executive producer of the movie and it was listed as a Playboy production.

Pacific League

The or is one of the two professional baseball leagues constituting Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) in Japan. There are six teams in the league.

In 1949, The league was founded as the "Taiheiyo" Baseball Union. There were seven teams.

In 1980, the name was changed to Pacific League.

After the 2004 season, the Orix BlueWave and the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes merged to form the Orix Buffaloes. At the same time, the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles were added to the league.

The team which wins the most games in each year is the league champion or " winner".
Since 2004, there has been a three-team playoff system called the " series". The teams with the 2nd- and 3rd-best records play in the 3-game first stage. The winner plays in a 5-game final series against the top-ranked team.

Each year, the winner of the league championship competes against the Central League champion in the or .



Tom Hiddleston

Thomas William "Tom" Hiddleston (born 9 February 1981) is an English actor. His most famous roles include '' (2017), Jonathan Pine in 'The Night Manager' (2016), Loki in 'Thor' (2011), Scott Fitzgerald, Midnight in Paris (2011), 'The Avengers (2012), and '' (2013). He also stars in '' (2017) as Captain James Conrad. 

Thomas William Hiddleston was born in Westminster, London, to English-born Diana Patricia and Scottish-born James Norman Hiddleston. His mother is a former stage manager, and his father, a scientist, was the managing director of a pharmaceutical company. He started off at the preparatory school, The Dragon School in Oxford, and by the time he was 13, he boarded at Eton College, at the same time that his parents were going through a divorce. He continued on to the University of Cambridge, where he earned a double first in Classics. He continued to study acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, from which he graduated in 2005.

Whilst at University of Cambridge, he was seen by the agency 'Hamilton Hodell' in the play "A Streetcar Named Desire" and was signed. Following this, he was cast in his first television role in The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby (2001). Tom Hiddleston won his first film role as Oakley in Joanna Hogg's award-winning first feature, Unrelated (2007). His breakthrough role came when he portrayed the nemesis Loki in the Marvel Cinematic Universe feature film Thor (2011). He reprised the character in The Avengers (2012), (2013), (2017) and (2018).

He has also appeared in Steven Spielberg's War Horse (2011), The Deep Blue Sea (2011), Woody Allen's romantic comedy Midnight in Paris (2011), and the romantic vampire film Only Lovers Left Alive (2013). On television, he appeared on the BBC series The Hollow Crown (2012), in the adaptations of Shakespeare's "Henry IV" and "Henry V". In theatre, he has been in the productions of "Cymbeline" (2007) and "Ivanov" (2008). In December 2013, he starred as the title character in the Donmar Warehouse production of "Coriolanus" which played until February 2014. He won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Newcomer in a Play for his role in "Cymbeline" while also being nominated for the same award the same year for his role as Cassio in "Othello". 

On 8 November 2018, it was announced that Tom Hiddleston would be reprising his role as Loki in a new Marvel limited series centered on the character which will air on Disney's streaming service, Disney+. "Loki" is Hiddleston's seventh time taking on the role, following three Avengers movies and all three Thor films.

Jon Lord

Jonathan Douglas Lord (9 June 1941 – 16 July 2012) was a British rock musician. He was born and raised in Leicester. He moved to London in his late teens. He was a member of rock bands Deep Purple and Whitesnake. In 2011, he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died of a pulmonary embolism at the London Clinic, Westminster, London.






Benedict Cumberbatch

Benedict Timothy Carlton Cumberbatch (born 19 July 1976) is an English actor. His most famous roles include Sherlock Holmes in "Sherlock" (2010–2017), Peter Guillam in the spy thriller "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" (2011), Stephen Hawking in "Hawking" (2004), William Pitt in "Amazing Grace" (2006), and his Academy Award-nominated role as Alan Turing in "The Imitation Game". He was nominated for another Academy Award for his role as Phil Burbank in "The Power of the Dog" in 2022.

He also played Stephen Ezard in "The Last Enemy" (2008), Paul Marshall in "Atonement" (2007), Bernard in "Small Island" (2009), as Khan in "Star Trek Into Darkness", 

He voiced the character Smaug, and the Necromancer in "The Hobbit" (2012). Cumberbatch played Julian Assange in the 2013 movie "The Fifth Estate," however his most known role is for his role as Doctor Strange, one of the the Avengers from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. He ranked #1 in Empire Magazine's "100 Sexiest Movie Stars" in 2013. He was named one of the most influential people in the world by TIME magazine in 2014.

In 2000 Cumberbatch acted on TV for the first time in an episode of "Heartbeat", and was on the show again in 2004. He began acting in theatre in 2001. He played Ford in "12 Years a Slave". In 2013 Cumberbatch was nominated for Best Performance by an Actor in a Mini-Series or a Motion Picture Made for Television at the Golden Globes. 

Benedict Cumberbatch was born to a family that was already wealthy. His parents were both actors, and his ancestor Abraham Cumberbatch started a sugar plantation in the British colony of Barbados which was worked by slaves. As an adult, he dated actress Olivia Poulet. On 5 November 2014, Cumberbatch announced his engagement to Sophie Hunter. On 14 February 2015, Cumberbatch married Hunter. They have three sons, Christopher Carlton (born 1 June 2015), Hal Auden (born 3 March 2017) and Finn (born 11 January 2019).

Sadaharu Oh

, also known as Wang Chenchih (), is a Japanese-Chinese professional athlete. He is best known as a baseball player and manager.

Oh was born in Tokyo. He is the son of a Chinese father and a Japanese mother. Although Oh has always lived in Japan, he has never allowed a loss of his Chinese citizenship. 

Oh played for the Yomiuri Giants. In 1977, he set the world record for home runs.

Oh retired from playing in 1980.

From 1984 to 1988, he was the Giants' manager.

He managed the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks from 1995 to 2008.

In 2006, he was the manager of the Japanese national team in the World Baseball Classic.

Stanley Williams

Stanley "Tookie" Williams III (December 29, 1953 – December 13, 2005) was an American murderer and co-founder of a street gang, the Crips. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1959, he moved to Los Angeles, California, where in 1970 he stole a car, for which he was convicted and sent to juvenile hall. He and Raymond Washington (1953–1979) founded street gang the Crips in 1971 in Los Angeles. Williams shot four people dead in Los Angeles in 1979 during robberies he committed. The events were caught on film by surveillance cameras. Later that year he was convicted of four counts of first degree murder and two counts of robbery. He was sentenced to death and was executed by lethal injection at San Quentin State Prison, California.

Ballet flat

Ballet flats are derived from soft ballet slippers, having very thin heels or the appearances of no heel at all. The style often features a ribbon-style binding around these flats' low top areas. Some ballet flats are open toed. The essence of the ballet flat has been on since at least the 15th or 16th century. They're worn primarily by women, although men may wear them too. They went out of fashion during the 18th and 19th century, but took off again after Audrey Hepburn wore the shoes in 1957's "Funny Face".

Host (biology)

A host is an organism which provides shelter for parasites. Parasites will live on the animal and may lay their eggs on them.

George Shaw

George Shaw (10 December 1751 – 22 July 1813) was an English botanist and zoologist. Shaw published one of the first English descriptions of several common Australian animals. His book was called "Zoology of New Holland" which was released in 1794. He was the first scientist to examine a platypus. He released a description about the animal on his book "The Naturalist's Miscellany" in 1799. He became the first to do so. In herpetology he described a lot of new species of reptiles and amphibians.


Common name

A common name of a taxon or organism is a name that is generally given by people. A common name is not the organism's scientific name. Common names are used by people to describe something. Some common names are not always used by some people. A common name are also known as a vernacular name, English name, colloquial name, trivial name, trivial epithet, country name, popular name, or farmer's name.

Sometimes common names are created by authorities. They do this so the general public would not have to remember or pronounce the Latin name of an animal. 



Mark Catesby

Mark Catesby (24 March 1682/83 - 23 December 1749) was an English naturalist. Between 1729 and 1747 Catesby published his book "Natural History of Carolina, Florida and the Bahama Islands". The book was the first publication to describe flora and fauna of North America. The book described 220 birds, reptiles, amphibians, fish, insects, mammals and plants.

Catesby studied natural history in London. Catesby collected seeds in Virginia from 1714 to 1719.

Myers, Amy R. W. & Pritchard, M. B. (1998) "Empire's nature. Mark Catesby's New World vision," Chapel Hill & London: University of North Carolina Press 


Webbed feet

Webbed toes is the common name for syndactyly. Webbed feet happens when two or more toes grow together instead of separately. This is common in many birds such as ducks and people with the surname Ivory. It is also common in amphibians such as frogs and mammals such as kangaroos and people suffering from thickness. In humans, it is not normal. It only happens to 3-10 in 10,000 live births.


Outbreak

An outbreak is an event that sometimes cannot be controlled for several months, years, or longer. The word "outbreak" is a term used in epidemiology. It describes what happens when a disease becomes widespread that first thought. An outbreak can affect a small group or affect thousands of people across the world. An outbreak can be epidemic.


Water beetle

Water beetles are beetles who live in water. Water beetles are black, brown, or greenish. They are 0.08 to 1.57 inches long. There are 2,000 species of water beetles. These include whirligig beetles ("Gyrinidae"), Haliplidae, Noteridae, Amphizoidae, Dytiscidae, and Hydroscaphidae.


Santa Cruz, California

Santa Cruz, California is a city north of Monterey Bay. Santa Cruz is about 100 miles (60 km) south of San Francisco. Santa Cruz was first settled by Ohlone Indians, Native American hunter-gatherers. Santa Cruz was colonized in the mid-1700s by the Spanish. They created a mission, (Mission Santa Cruz). The Spanish forced the Ohlones in the mission. Their populations began to decline because of diseases and overworking.

Americans first arrived in Santa Cruz in the 19th century. They were immigrants from Italy, China and Portugal. Around the same time, forestry and commercial fishing were the first industries. There were also diary farming and leather production. Santa Cruz is most famous for their university. The University of California, Santa Cruz was built in the 1960s. The 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake had a major effect in Santa Cruz. It killed five people.

The industries that are present in Santa Cruz are agriculture, tourism, education and high technology. The climate in Santa Cruz is Mediterranean. This means that they have mild summers because of fog. Winters are usually rainy; however, the city has dealt with many droughts.


California red-legged frog

The California red-legged frog ("Rana draytonii") is a semi-aquatic frog. It is part of the Ranidae frogs or "true frogs". The California red-legged frog are endemic to California and Baja California, Mexico. The frog is a near threatened species. It is protected by law.



Cope's gray treefrog

Cope's gray treefrog, Cope's chameleon tree frog, the western common tree frog, southern gray tree frog, or central Texas tree frog ("Dryophytes chrysoselis") is a species of tree frogs. They live in the United States. Scientists think Cope's grey tree frog evolved after the last major ice age. Cope's grey tree frog can live in temperatures as low as -8 °C. Females can lay up to 10–40 eggs. The eggs hatch in four days. When the eggs hatch, they are called tadpoles. Tadpoles become small frogs in 45–65 days. The species name "chrysoscelis" is from the Greek word "chrysos", which means "gold." The Greek word "scelis" means "leg."

This frog is gray or green in color with bright orange spots on its legs. This frog stays in the trees. Its color helps it blend in with the gray or brown tree bark. Human beings only see this frog on the ground when it is time for the frogs to mate and lay eggs.

This frog lives in Ontario, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Missouri, Kansas, Texas, Pennsylvania, Illinois, and Maryland south to Florida.



Reptiles (magazine)

Reptiles is a monthly magazine. It is published in Irvine, California. "Reptiles" magazine is a reptile and amphibian magazine. It talks about keeping and breeding many of their species. The magazine's publisher is BowTie Inc. The first issue of the magazine was in October 1993. It was a bimonthly magazine for one year. It became a monthly magazine starting with its December 1994 issue. The columns such as "Herptological Queries" and "Veterinarian Q&A" have been in the magazine since it was first released. 

Many reptiles and amphibian species have been talked about in the magazine. Popular pets such as the bearded dragon, red-eared slider, leopard geckos, and ball pythons often appear in the magazine. They consider themselves "The World's Leading Reptile Magazine". Their June 2012 issue celebrated their 20th anniversary. 

Nazi songs

Nazi songs were songs made for the Nazi Party (NSDAP) of Germany.

Some songs used by the Nazis are very old, and so these songs are often thought of as to be a Nazi song. An example would be "Deutschlandlied", which was written in 1841. The Nazis used the "Deutschlandlied" with the "Horst-Wessel-Lied". Same with the song "Die Wacht am Rhein", which at that time was almost 100 years old.

The "Horst-Wessel-Lied", also known as "Die Fahne Hoch" (The flag on high), was the anthem of the Nazi Party. The song was made by Horst Wessel, a SA leader, who was killed by a member of the Communist Party of Germany. The song, as with many Nazi songs, is banned in Germany.

"Es zittern die morschen Knochen" was made by Hans Baumann, was a very popular Nazi song. The song was the official song of the Hitler Youth: which is why there are some attacks on the old people in the song. Many Germans know some of the song, but a lot don't know the full song.

Below is the order of how the full song would be sung.


Fiordland penguin

The Fiordland penguin ("Eudyptes pachyrhynchus") is a crested penguin. They have white stripes on their belly and cheeks, and they have a black back. They have bright yellow eyebrows and when they get older they turn darker. They also have an orange beak; big feet and they have small black tails. They are tall and weigh on average , with a weight range of 

They eat fish, squid and krill (small shrimps) The Fiordland penguin’s main predator is seals.
Most Fiordland penguins live in the south-western coast of New Zealand's South Island and on Stewart Island/Rakiura and nearby islands. They live up to 15 to 20 years in the wild. 


Humboldt penguin

The Humboldt penguin ("Spheniscus humboldti") has a plain white belly. It can have a few pure black spots on its belly and have orange with an hint of green. There are less than 10,000 Humboldt penguins in the wild. They are found in Chile and Peru. 

They drink sea water and their favourite food is small fish. A female Humboldt penguin can weigh up to 4.5kg and the male can weigh up to 6kg. Their bodies are adapted to life in water and most Humboldt penguins can live up to 20 years. They get their name from a famous Prussian explorer, Alexander von Humboldt.

They have well dug burrows underground. In the past 100 years their droppings have been used as garden fertiliser. This dung is called “guano”.


Magellanic penguin

The magellanic penguin ("Spheniscus magellanicus") is the most numerous of the Spheniscus family. There are about 3,600,000 magellanic penguins in the world. They breed once a year and lay two eggs of a similar size. They are 70 centimetres tall and weigh 9 pounds or 4 kilograms. 

They are found in the Falkland Islands, South America, Chile and Argentina and migrate Brazil. They are warm weathered penguins and during the warm weather they lose feathers around their eyes. When it gets colder they grow these feathers back around their eyes. They were first seen in 1519 on a voyage (trip) to South America. They hunt for food on their own when they are 60-70 days old. 


Yellow-eyed penguin

The yellow-eyed penguin ("Megadyptes antipodes"), also known as the hoiho or tarakara, is an endangered species of penguin, and the third largest penguin in the world. The penguin gets its name from the yellow stripes on its head. They live and breed on the sea shore of New Zealand and some also in the Antarctic islands in the south. They have a high pitched call which can be heard very clearly.

Yellow-eyed penguins eat small to medium sized fish, red cod and squid. 

They make their nests out of twigs, grass and leaves, carefully formed into a bowl shape. The chicks take 39 to 51 days to hatch and both parents share keeping the eggs warm.


Mononymous person

A mononymous person is a person who is known and addressed by a single name. Such names are called mononyms. In some cases, the person was known by a composed name ("polynym") before, and selected a single name. Today, this is often the case with artists, who select a stage name.

In many cultures, people only had one name. This is the case of Ancient Greece. Composed names were only used to avoid confusion. Both Zeno of Elea and Zeno of Citium were called "Zeno", but the origin was added to avoid confusing the two. In Ancient Rome, people had a composed name which included a clan name and a family name, which did not change. While we refer to Cicero as Cicero, his real name was "Marcus Tullius Cicero". Sometimes he is called "Tully" in English. Other people called "Tullius" include Manius Tullius Longus, a Roman consul, about 500 BC, and Quintus Tullius Cicero, one of Caesars generals. Nero was known as "Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus". 

After the Romans, composed names started to be more commonplace in the Middle Ages. In the Americas, mononyms survived until the early 20th century. Examples include Pocahontas (1595-1617) and Geronimo (1829-1909). Pocahontas married and English settler, and took the name "Rebecca Rolfe" after her marriage.
Royals usually adopt a single name. Sometimes, a numeral is added. That way, Elizabeth I (1533-1603) and Elizabeth II (born 1926) both have a surname, but it is not used.

Similarly, popes select a single name, when they are elected. The current pope is called "Jorge Mario Bergoglio", but since his becoming pope, everyone has called him Pope Francis.

Sweet Grass, Montana

Sweet Grass (also Sweetgrass) is an unincorporated community in Toole County, Montana, United States. It is on the Canada-United States border. It is the northern end of Interstate 15. Interstate 15 is an important route connecting western Canada, the western United States, and Mexico.

In 2004, a joint border facility opened at the Sweetgrass port of entry and Coutts, Alberta. It has both Canadian and American federal authorities.


Crotalus viridis

Crotalus viridis (commonly known as the prairie rattlesnake or desert rattlesnake) is a species of venomous Pit vipers. There is currently only six subspecies recognized, not including the nominate subspecies like the hopi, and others.

The Prairie Rattlesnake usually grows up to the length of around 100 centimeters (3.3 ft). Prairie Rattlesnakes in Montana can sometimes grow up to the length of 120 centimeters (3.9 ft), but the longest ever found was 151.5 centimeters (4.97 ft) long. They are usually light brown in color with some patches of dark brown.

Prairie Rattlesnakes eat mainly small mammals like ground squirrels, mice, rats, small rabbits, and prairie dogs. Young Prairie Rattlesnakes eat amphibians, and small reptiles.

Female Prairie Rattlesnakes are viviparous, and can give birth to around 3-25 young at a time. The young are born around between August and October.

Prairie Rattlesnake are diurnal in cool weathers, and nocturnal in hot weathers. They have a very powerful and deadly venom which they only use if attacked. Like other rattlesnakes they shake their tail to make a rasping sound which warns enemies.

The Prairie Rattlesnake is also called the "Western Rattlesnake", the "Plains Rattlesnake", the "Black Rattler", the "Confluent Rattlesnake", the "Missouri Rattlesnake", the "Spotted Rattlesnake", the <nowiki>" Desert Rattlesnake"</nowiki>, and the "Western Pacific Rattlesnake".

It is also found in southwestern Canada, south to the United States of America, and northern Mexico. In Canada it is found in Alberta, and Saskatchewan, in the United States of America it is found in eastern Oregon, eastern Washington, southern Idaho, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming, Nebraska, Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, and eastern Arizona, in Mexico it is found in northern Coahuila, and northwestern Chihuahua.

Not including the nominate subspecies, "Crotalus Viridis Viridis", the Prairie Rattlesnake only has one subspecies: the ""Hopi Rattlesnake"" (Crotalus Viridis Nuntius) which is found in northeastern and north-central Arizona, and New Mexico.

Anput

Anput is the goddess of the seventeenth Nome (or district) of Upper Egypt. She is the goddess of the desert and protection. She was the mother of Kebechet.

Harry Judd

Harry Judd (born 23 December 1985, Chelmsford, Essex) is an English pop/rock musician. He is best known as being the drummer in the band McFly. Judd has made a guest appearance in the Busted video for "Crashed the Wedding" as the drummer. In 2003, he won "Strictly Come Dancing". In 2004, he got engaged to his long term girlfriend Izzy Johnston. and is now married to her.

DeJuan Blair

DeJuan Lamont Blair (born April 22, 1989) is an American basketball player. He plays for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He graduated from Pittsburgh University. He also played for the San Antonio Spurs from 2009 to 2013 and the Dallas Mavericks from 2013 to 2014.

Trade creation

Trade creation is an economic term related to international economics in which trade flows are redirected due to the formation of a free trade area or a customs union. The issue was firstly brought into discussion by Jacob Viner (1950), together with the trade diversion effect.

Common coquí

The common coquí or coquí ("Eleutherodactylus coqui") is a species of frog. They live in Puerto Rico. The coquí is an important symbol of Puerto Rico. They are known for their loud calls they make at night. They belong to the genus "Eleutherodactylus".


Mudpuppy

A mudpuppy or waterdog is an aquatic salamander. They belong to the family Proteidae. Mudpuppies make a dog-like barking sound, which is why they are called mudpuppies. Mudpuppies belong to the genus "Necturus". They live in Canada and Midwestern United States.



Tyler Posey

Tyler Posey (born October 18, 1991) is an actor. He is most famous for his lead role on MTV's "Teen Wolf" series. Posey plays Scott McCall, a teenager whose life was changed by a bite he received in the woods.

Bufo apolobambicus

Bufo apolobambicus is a species of toad. They belong to the family Bufonidae. They live in Bolivia and Peru. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical forest. Their population is dying because of habitat loss.


Herveo plump toad

The Herveo plump toad ("Orsornophryne percrassa") is a species of toad. They belong to the family Bufonidae. They live in Colombia. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical forests. They like to live on high-altitude grasslands. Their population is dying because of habitat loss.


Amargosa toad

The Amargosa toad ("Bufo nelsoni") is a species of toad. They belong to the family Bufonidae. They were once considered a subspecies of the Western toad.



Western toad

The Western toad ("Anaxyrus boreas") is a species of toads. They are among the largest toads. They can grow up to 5.6 and 13 cm long. They live in western North America.


Great Plains Narrowmouth Toad

The Great Plains Narrowmouth Toad ("Gastrophryne olivacea") is a species of toads. They belong to the family Microhylidae. They live in south central United States. They can be found in Nebraska, Texas and northern Mexico. They are not "true toads". They are territorial.


Blush (color)

Blush is a medium bright tone of red-violet. 

The first written use of "blush" as a color name in English was in 1590. 



Plains spadefoot toad

The plains spadefoot toad ("Spea bombifrons") is a species of spadefoot toad. They live in southwestern Canada, the Great Plains of the United States and northern Mexico. Like many spadefood toads, they get their name for having spade-like legs. This allows them to dig into sand and soil.


American toad

The American toad ("Bufo americanus") is a species of toad. They live in eastern United States and Canada. There are three subspecies: the eastern American toad, the dwarf American toad, and the rare Hudson Bay toad.

The eastern American toad ("A. a. americanus") is a medium-sized toad. Most of the time, its size is . The biggest one measured was .

The dwarf American toad ("A. a. charlesmithi") is smaller than the eastern American toad. Its size is .

The Hudson Bay toad ("A. a. copei") is a rare toad. Small groups of them are found in north Ontario.


Gymnopis syntrema

Gymnopis syntrema is a species of Caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They live in Belize, Guatemala and Honduras. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical forests. Their populations are dying because of habitat loss.



Dermophis gracilior

Dermophis gracilior is a species of Caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They are found in Costa Rica and Panama. Their habitat are subtropical or tropical forests. They like to live in lowland forests and rural places. 


Microcaecilia supernumeraria

The Microcaecilia supernumeraria is a species of Caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They live in Brazil. Their habitats are subtropical or tropical forests. They like to live in lowland forests and rural places.


Siphonops leucoderus

Siphonops leucoderus, also known as the Salvador caecilian, is a species of Caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They live in Brazil. Their habitat are subtropical or tropical forests. They like to live in lowland forests and rural areas.


Boulengerula taitana

Boulengerula taitana (also known as the Taita African caecilian, Taita Hills caecilian or Taita Mountains caecilian) is a species of caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They live in Africa in countries like Kenya. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical forests. Many people mistake them for worms. They lay their eggs in foam nest in water.



Sylvacaecilia

Sylvacaecilia grandisonae (commonly known as the Aleku caecilian or Ethiopian caecilian) is a species of caecilians. They belong to the family Indotyphlidae. They live in Ethiopia. Their habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests. They also live near rivers and springs.


California newt

The California newt ("Taricha torosa") is a species of newts. They are also called the orange bellied newt. They can grow to 8 inches (20 cm) in length. They have toxic skin. Because of this, the only predator of the California newt are garter snakes. California newts lives in California.



Sierra newt

The Sierra newt is a subspecies of the California newt. They live in the Sierra Nevada.

Coastal Range newt

The Coastal Range newt ("Taricha torosa torosa") is a subspecies of the California newt. They live in California Coast Ranges and San Diego, California.

Atelopus ignescens

The Atelopus ignescens is a species of toad. It is often known as the Jambato toad or the Quito stubfoot toad. They belong to the family Bufonidae. They live in Ecuador. They were thought to be extinct until some were discovered in 2016. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude. It was believed to be the closest relative of the Carrikeri Harlequin Frog.


Yunnan lake newt

The Yunnan lake newt ("Cynops wolterstorffi") was a species of newts. It was part of the family Salamandridae. It was also known as Wolterstorff's newt. It used to live in China.


William Shakespeare

William Shakespeare (between 26
April 1564 and 23 April 156423 April 1616) was an English dramatist, poet, and theatre actor. He wrote 40 known plays (with about half of them considered comedies) and two long poems in his lifetime. He lived in Stratford-upon-Avon, in Warwickshire, England. His plays are still performed today. He is often quoted in modern writing.

Shakespeare wrote his works between approximately 1592 and 1613. His plays are among the best known in English literature and are studied in schools around the world. Along with writing, Shakespeare also acted in The Chamberlain's Men acting company, starting in 1594.

Shakespeare wrote plays of different kinds, or genres. There are histories, tragedies and comedies. There is a popular myth that Shakespeare was the first person to write a tragicomedy. Tragicomedies were being written well before Shakespeare's birth and baptism. 

Shakespeare's plays are written in poetic language. Many of the plays are set in strange, distant places and times. The stories are often exciting, romantic and happy (in the comedies), or very sad (in the tragedies). These stories make people want to know what will happen to the characters. The plays talk about things that are still important today, like love, sadness, hope, pride, hatred, jealousy, and foolishness.

Shakespeare added new words and phrases to the English language. He created over 1,700 English words. He also made some words more popular. 

Shakespeare was born in Stratford-upon-Avon in 1564. Though the exact date is unknown, historians accept 23 April 1564 as Shakespeare's birthday. He was probably the third of eight children. Shakespeare was probably educated at the King's New School in Stratford. Latin was popular in grammar schools during the Elizabethan era, so Shakespeare learned Latin very intensively. 

When Shakespeare was 18, he married Anne Hathaway, a 26-year-old woman. Their wedding was rushed because Anne was already pregnant. They had three children: Susanna (who married John Hall); Hamnet (who died at the age of 11 from unknown causes); and Judith (who married Thomas Quiney). By 1592, Shakespeare had become an actor and was becoming well known as a writer of plays. 

At the time of his death in 1616, only some of Shakespeare’s plays had been published in single editions. His plays were collected and published in 1623, seven years after he died. There is proof that people in Shakespeare's time thought highly of him. After his death, even his rival Ben Jonson said:

Shakespeare was involved in the building of the Globe Theatre in 1599. (It burned down a few years later.). His plays are still performed at a new Globe Theatre, built in 1997 near the original.

Although Shakespeare was married to a woman and fathered three children, people have questioned his sexuality. Some people, such as Peter Holland of the Shakespeare Institute at Birmingham University, have pointed out that Shakespeare directed some of his sonnets towards young men. They say this is evidence that he may have been bisexual.

About 150 years after his death, some scholars suggested that Shakespeare did not actually write all of the works that are called his. They had various reasons for saying this. For example, the person who wrote "Shakespeare’s works" knew a lot about other countries (especially Italy and France), but there is not enough evidence to suggest that Shakespeare ever left England. Some scholars think he might have traveled to Scotland, because of his great and vast knowledge of Scotland in Macbeth, where the play was set in. Several other writers of "Shakespeare" have been suggested, such as Francis Bacon, Christopher Marlowe, and Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford. However, most scholars believe that William Shakespeare did write the works that bear his name.







Palaestra

A palaestra was a building in ancient Greece. It is the place where wrestling was taught and practiced. It consisted of a large square or rectangular courtyard. This courtyard was open to the sky. It was surrounded by colonnades. Off these colonnades were dressing rooms, lecture rooms, bath rooms, and rooms for storing equipment. Wrestlers practiced under the colonnades in all weathers. 

Palaestras were often near gymnasiums. They were sometimes a part of gymnasium complexes. Most cities in the Greek world had a palaestra. Large cities may have had several. Some palaestras were privately owned. Most were built with taxes. The palaestra was very much a part of the everyday lives of Greek men and boys. Some men felt as much affection for the palaestra they grew up in as modern men feel for their "alma mater". Some men were buried in their favorite palaestra.

A palaestra was a building in ancient Greece where wrestling was taught and practiced. The word "palaestra" is based on the Greek word "pale", which means wrestling. From the sixth century BC through the end of the Roman Imperial age, palaestras were built throughout Greece. The earliest ones were privately owned, but by the fifth century BC public ones were being built. Almost every Greek city had at least one palaestra and some large cities had several. 

Palaestras were often located near or were attached to gymnasiums. The gymnasium probably first appeared in the sixth century BC. Both were often referred to simply as "the gymnasium". Greek historian, biographer, and essayist Plutarch writes that a palaestra was used solely for wrestling and the "pankration", a sport similar to but much rougher than wrestling. Boxing was taught and practiced in the gymnasium. Retired athletes owned and operated small palaestras. Greek males of all ages joined palaestras. Elderly (old) men sometimes had their own palaestras.

Vitruvius was a Roman architect who lived in the age of Augustus. He made a plan for the perfect palaestra in his book "On Architecture". This palaestra is similar to the one at Olympia, Greece, the site of the ancient Olympic Games. Vitruvius' palaestra has a large courtyard open to the sky. This courtyard is surrounded by roofed colonnades.

The yard would have been filled with "skammata"pits where wrestlers and pankratiasts would have practiced. A "skamma" ("dug-up part") was an area where the soil had been turned over and covered with a thick layer of sand to provide a firm foundation for the wrestlers. Because wrestlers may have had to compete in rainy weather, there were two "skamma" in the palaestra: a dry one and a wet one. Wrestlers called the mud in the wet "skamma" "beeswax". 

The wrestlers themselves turned over the soil and sand with a pick axe. This was considered a meaningful exercise and the pick axe became a symbol for wrestling in Greek art. It is likely the wet "skamma" was located under the colonnades to prevent evaporation. Greek physicians thought a mixture of mud and oil had curative powers and a mixture of mud and oil was often used in the pits.

Vitruvius describes single colonnades on three sides of the yard and a double colonnade on the north side. This double colonnade would protect the room behind it from sun and rain. The palaestra was a place for training the body and the mind. This room was the "ephebeion". It was here that young men ("ephebes") would receive instruction on Greek culture. Stone benches would have been set into the walls. 

To the right of the "ephebeion" Vitruvius would have had three rooms: the punching bag room, the dust and powder room, and a room for bathing. To the left of the "ephebeion" would be a room for storing oil, and a group of rooms for a furnace and hot baths. Hot baths were a Roman necessity and were not found at Olympia however. This may have been because of the scarcity of water at Olympia. The baths at Olympia were simple but those at Delphi were large and elaborate.

Vitruvius does not mention the undressing room ("apodyterion") but there certainly would have been at least one in every palaestra. "Pale" and "pankration" were both practiced in the nude. Vitruvius does not mention a ball room ("sphairisterion") either, which some palaestra had. It is not known if this room was used for ball games, storage, or exercise.

On rainy days, wrestling was taught and practiced beneath the two to four roofed colonnades that lined the yard. Just off these colonnades were dressing rooms, rooms for bathing, storage rooms, and rooms for lectures and meeting friends. These rooms were often used for homosexual or pederastic trysts. 

Hermes Enagonios ("Hermes of the Contest") presided over the palaestra. He was depicted on a rectangular piece of marble as a head and an erect penis. Hermes was the god of wrestling and sometimes said to be the father of Palaestra, the goddess of wrestling. In Greek art, a herm often indicates the scene is a palaestra. Statues of Apollo and Herakles also stood in a palaestra.

Wrestling was a highly esteemed sport in ancient Greece. It was less rough than boxing or the pankration, required less space than other sports, and, as a result, was the most popular sport among athletes. References to the sport are frequent in the literature of ancient Greece, especially poetry.

Males of all ages joined palaestras, just as modern men and boys join the YMCA, gyms, or health clubs. Greek men developed an affection for the gymnasiums and the palaestras where they grew up, and some were buried in their favorite gymnasium or palaestra. These buildings could be a center for politics: the plot to free Thebes from Sparta was formed in a palaestra and a revolt against Macedon found its supporters in the gymnasiums and palaestras of Argos. 

Some people were not allowed in the palaestra. These included the "paidogogos"older slaves or grandfathers who led young boys to the palaestra and waited for them near the front door. Others not allowed in the palaestra included girls and women, cripples, alcoholics, craftsmen, vendors (salesmen), slaves or freed slaves, the insane, and openly lewd homosexuals. Death was not unknown in the palaestra. One wrestler fell on a hard surface and died ten days later from chest injuries.

Every palaestra had a number of handsome young men called "prosgymnastes". They waited around offering to wrestle others for a fee. These young men were known casually as "statues". Wrestling one was known as "hugging a statue". These young men were not held in high esteem.

In a place where men, young men, and boys were nude, homosexual interaction was common. The authorities tried unsuccessfully to curb it. Greek vase paintings of males in the palaestra show teens goosing each other or older males offering love gifts such as hares to teens. In "Lysis", the Athenian philosopher Sokrates is pulled into a palaestra by a group of teenagers. They tell him that one of their number is in love with another. Most Greek males considered a homosexual relationship a positive palaestra experience. Archaeologist Stephen Miller writes that Eros was worshipped as much as Hermes and Herakles in the palaestra.


Black-tailed rattlesnake

The Black-tailed rattlesnake ("Crotalus Molossus") is a species of venomous Pit vipers, found in southwestern United States of America and Mexico. There are currently three subspecies recognized.

Most Black-tailed rattlesnakes grow to the length of . They can be as long as . Females are said to be larger than males.

The Black-tailed rattlesnake is olive green, yellow, brown, or black in color. They are called the "Black-tailed rattlesnake" because of their tail which is the color of black. Like other rattlesnakes the Black-tailed rattlesnake has a rattle on the end of its tail, but its rattle is weak and can be broken. They can shed their skin several times a year.

The Black-tailed rattlesnake is also called the "Green rattler", the "Dog-faced rattlesnake", and the "Mountain Diamondback".

The Black-tailed rattlesnake is found in southwestern United States of America and Mexico. In the U.S.A it is found in Arizona, New Mexico, and west and central Texas, in Mexico it is found in Oaxaca. It is also found on islands of the Gulf of California, like San Estèban Island and Tiburòn Island.

In the spring and fall the Black-tailed rattlesnake are diurnal, in the summer they are nocturnal so they can avoid the heat, and in the winter they hibernate in other animals dens. Even though they are okay climbers and good swimmers they are terrestrial. They live in grasslands, deserts, mountain areas, and forests.

Like all rattlesnakes they are carnivores and eat rodents, other small mammals, birds, and small reptiles.

The Black-tailed rattlesnakes mate in the spring, once they have mated the male stays with the female to stop other males from mating with her. It is in the summer that the female gives birth to her young, the young stay with their mother for around a day or two before leaving by their selves. A female usually mates every year and has 10-12 young at a time. They live for around 15–20 years.


YMCA

Young Men's Christian Association (or the YMCA or the Y) is an organization headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. It was originally meant to put Christian principles into practice. It was founded in 1844 in London, England, United Kingdom. At first, the organization provided beds and shelter to young men leaving the countryside for work in the cities. It promotes Muscular Christianity.

Basketball was invented in an American YMCA. 

The similar Young Women's Christian Association or YWCA was founded in 1870.

Antisocial personality disorder

Antisocial personality disorder (ASPD) is a personality disorder. A person with ASPD fails to behave the way society says people should behave. People with this disorder often don’t care about society’s rules or the rights of other people. People with extreme Antisocial Personality Disorder are sometimes nicknamed sociopaths or psychopaths but those words aren’t really used in science. 

The ASPD pattern begins in childhood or adolescence and continues into adulthood. People with ASPD have no conscience or sense of morality, although the large majority know right from wrong. Those with ASPD often commit crimes. They can also be impulsive, aggressive, reckless, and destructive. About three percent of men and one percent of women have ASPD.

In 1801, Philippe Pinel wrote that some of his patients had “Madness without Delirium” meaning that they seemed normal most of the time and could tell what was or wasn’t real but they still did things which were violent and dangerous to both themselves and other people without learning from their mistakes or feeling remorse. In 1835, the British psychiatrist James Cowles Prichard renamed it “Moral Insanity” meaning that the person was actually sane but didn’t have a Conscience. In the 1890s, a German psychiatrist named Julius Ludwig August Koch changed its name from “Moral Insanity”. to “Psychopathic degeneration” which he said was one of many different kinds of Psychopathy. In 1909, the American psychiatrist Karl Birnbaum said that there were some Psychopaths who were not born Psychopaths but became Psychopaths because of how they were raised and he said they should be called "Sociopaths". In 1928, the American psychologist George E. Partridge started to study Psychopaths to figure out what they all had in common and what made them the way they were. In 1930, Partridge said that the one thing that all Psychopaths had in common was that they didn’t understand or follow society’s rules about how to treat other people. So Partridge said that instead of being called “psychopaths” they should be called “sociopaths”. He said that instead of being called “Psychopathic degeneration”, it should be called “Sociopathy”. In 1941 , the American psychiatrist Hervey M. Cleckley wrote a book called The Mask of Sanity. In it, he used the word Psychopathy to mean “Madness without Delirium”, “sociopathy” and “moral insanity”. Cleckley says that a psychopath is a person who can’t feel normal emotions but pretends that he can to trick everyone into believing that he can. Cleckley says that a psychopath usually seems like a normal person because psychopaths don’t have any Psychosis but that actually they make really bad decisions all the time which are often dangerous to other people and to themselves. 

In 1952, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders was published and it called psychopathy “sociopathic mental disturbance”. It said sociopaths were people who were “always in trouble” had no loyalty to anyone and could come up with any excuse for any bad thing that they did. It also said that all psychopaths were sociopaths but not all sociopaths were psychopaths. In 1968, the second version of the DSM renamed it “antisocial personality” and said that it meant people who only cared about themselves, did a lot of things society says people shouldn’t do and never feel guilt. And who always say it’s someone else’s fault when bad things happen to them. 

In the 1970s, a Canadian psychologist named Robert D. Hare wanted an easy way to figure out if a person were a psychopath. So based on Cleckley’s book, Hare made a list of the things someone has to do before you can call them a psychopath. Hare called it The Psychopathy Checklist . Hare said that there were people who did a lot of the things that psychopaths did but only because of how they were raised and not because of anything physical or genetic and said those people were called sociopaths but not psychopaths. 

In 1980, the new version of the DSM used the name “Antisocial Personality Disorder”. 

In 1994, the new DSM called the DSM IV said that Antisocial personality disorder was also called “Psychopathy, sociopathy or dyssocial personality disorder”. 

According to the latest version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (the DSM-V), a person has ASPD if they fit the following requirements:
A common pattern of disregard for and violation of the rights of others, since age 15 years, as indicated by three (or more) of the following:


Causinae

The Causinae, commonly known as the "night adders", are a subfamily of venomous vipers found in sub-Saharan Africa. The family is monotypic, since it only has the genus "Causus". There are six species.

The night adders can grow to around 60 to 90 centimeters (24 to 36 in) long. They are usually dark gray, light gray, light brown, or black in color with gray or black blotches.

Even though they are called the night adders, they are usually active at day, but some are active at night. When they are attacked or disturbed, they usually coil up and start hissing at their enemy to scare it off. Some may raise their head and neck off the ground, and with their tongue sticking out, move froward like a the Cobra does. 

They eat mainly toads and frogs, but there are reports of some night adders eating almost everything they can find until they are completely unable to swallow any more food.

All night adders are oviparous, which means they lay eggs. This is unusual for most vipers, because most vipers are viviparous, they give live birth. They lay around two dozen eggs at a time. These eggs take around four months to hatch, when they hatch the hatchlings are 4-5 inches (10-12.5 cm) long. 

The night adders have very big venom glands, which are around 10 centimeters long. But even though the venom glands are big, the adders don't always use their venom on their prey. The venom would kill the prey fast enough, but they usually seize their prey and swallow it.
When someone is bitten by a night adder, the venom does not spread around the body, and only causes swelling in the place of the bite. There have been no reports of deaths by night adder venom.


Common night adder

The common night adder is a species of venomous vipers found in sub-Saharan Africa. 

The common night adder can grow up to around 60 centimeters (24 in) long, making it the longest species of the genus "Causus". The longest ever recorded was a male found in eastern Zimbabwe which was 93 centimeters (around 37 in) long. They are usually olive green, brown, or grayish-brown in color with black rhombic-shaped blotches, but not all have blotches on them.

The common night adder is also called the "rhombic night adder", the "demon night adder", the "Cape Viper", and the "African night adder".

The common night adder is found in the savannas of Sub-Saharan Africa, from Nigeria, east to Sudan, Ethiopia, Somalia and Kenya, south to Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Democratic Republic of Congo, Angola, Zambia, Malawi, Zimbabwe, northern Botswana, Mozambique, Swaziland, and eastern South Africa.

The common night adder is a fairly fast species of snake; it can move at the speed of 3.3 km per hour. They are usually found on the ground, but they can climb trees and can swim. They are mainly nocturnal, but some have been seen basking in the early morning or late afternoon. When disturbed they coil up, inflate their body (which makes the black blotches on them stand out), and start hissing loudly.
Common night adders are oviparous, meaning that they lay eggs, while other vipers are usually viviparous, meaning that they give live birth. Females lay around two dozen eggs at a time, which take around four months to hatch. Once hatched, the young are 10 to 12.5 cm long and eat small frogs and toads.

Their diet is made up of mainly frogs and toads, and sometimes small mammals like mice and rats.

Polystyrene

Polystyrene is a form of chemical compound that is mainly used for a wide variety of packaging. It is an aromatic polymer made from the monomer styrene, a liquid hydrocarbon that is manufactured from petroleum by the chemical industry. Polystyrene is one of the most widely used plastics, the scale being several billion kilograms per year.

Polystyrene can be in either a thermoset or a thermoplastic form.

Allometry

Allometry is the study of the relationship of body size to shape. In particular, it refers to the rate of growth of one part of the body compared to other parts. 

In most cases, the relative size of body parts changes as the body grows. Most allometric relationships are adaptive. For example, organs which depend on their surface area (such as the intestine) grow faster as the body weight increases.

Also, there are changes in allometry as a clade evolves. Allometry is an important way to describe changes in gross morphology (body shape) during evolution. Changes in time of development in an evolutionary series or clade are very common. The trend is known as heterochrony.

Allometry was first outlined by Otto Snell in 1892, D'Arcy Thompson in 1917, and Julian Huxley in 1932. The relationship between two measured quantities is often expressed as a power law:
or in a logarithmic form: 
where formula_3 is the scaling exponent of the law.

J.B.S. Haldane's 1926 essay "On being the right size" gives an overview of the way size interacts with body structure. Haldane's thesis is that sheer size very often defines what bodily equipment an animal must have:

Many of his examples are based on the square-cube law. If an animal's length is doubled, its surface area will be squared and its weight cubed. This alone causes allometric changes in any evolutionary lineage where successive species get larger or smaller. There are many such lineages.

Keiko Ikeda

Keiko Tanaka-Ikeda (田中-池田 敬子, born Keiko Tanaka; November 11, 1933 – May 13, 2023), is a Japanese amateur athlete, coach, university professor and sports administrator. She is best known as a gymnast who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.

She won a gold medal on the balance beam at the 1954 World Gymnastics Championships. She is the only Japanese woman to win a gold medal in this international competition.
Tanaka-Ikeda died from brain cancer at a nursing home in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, on May 13, 2023, at the age of 89.







Abhinav Bindra

Abhinav Bindra (born September 28, 1982, in Dehradun) is an Indian amateur athlete and businessman. He is best known as the current World and Olympic champion in the 10 m Air Rifle event.

At the Beijing Olympic Games, he became the first Indian to win an individual Olympic gold medal.

He was born in Punjab. He became interested in shooting a gun as a sport when he was in school in Chandigarh





Lake Mackay

Lake Mackay (Pintupi: "Wilkinkarra") is a large salt lake in central Australia. It stretches across the border between Western Australia and the Northern Territory. All around it is desert. The Great Sandy Desert is to the northwest, the Tanami Desert is to the northeast, and the Gibson Desert is to the south. There are hundreds of salt lakes along this border area, and Lake Mackay is the largest. It has a surface area of , and is about long from east to west and north to south. It is the second-largest lake in Australia.

The lake was named after the first European to visit it, Donald George Mackay. The lake is most often dry, because of quick evaporation. Salt and other minerals float on the surface.

Lake Mackay is a central place in dreamtime stories for several Aboriginal groups, especially the Pintupi. The lake forms the centre of the Pintupi ancestral lands. Many sacred paths and tracks come together at the shores of the lake. According to mythology, the lake was formed after a fierce bushfire that ruined the land around it.

Papunya, Northern Territory

Papunya is a small community in central Australia. It is about northwest of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory. The people who live there are Aboriginal people who were forced off their traditional country during the 1930s and 1940s. They are mainly from Pintupi- and Luritja-speaking groups. In the 2006 census, Papunya had a population of 299. The town is now on private Aboriginal land. People visiting or travelling through need a permit.

During the late 1950s, a Lutheran mission was set up at Papunya. In the 1970s, many of the people living here moved back to their homelands as part of the outstation movement. The Pintupi moved back west, closer to their homeland around Lake Mackay. They set up the town of Kintore in 1981, about west of Papunya. During this time, local painters were slowly forming a new style of art. By the mid-1980s, it became internationally known as Papunya Tula.

William Thomas Stead

William Thomas Stead (5 July 1849 – 15 April 1912) was a British writer and journalist. He was a pioneer of investigative journalism, and one of the most controversial figures in British journalism during the Victorian era.

His death occurred during the sinking of RMS Titanic.


Kintore, Northern Territory

Kintore (Pintupi: "Waḻungurru"; ) is a remote town in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is about west of Alice Springs and close to the border with Western Australia. Almost all the people who live there are Aboriginal, and most are Pintupi.

Kintore was founded in 1981. Many Pintupi people who lived in the community of Papunya (to the east) decided to move back to their own country. They had been forced to leave these lands decades before because of weapons testing at Woomera in South Australia. Kintore is a major centre for the Western Desert art movement, which began at Papunya during the 1970s. The paintings made here are visual descriptions of dreamtime stories. They have gained fame around the world. A number of members of the Aboriginal art school Papunya Tula live at Kintore.

Tim Conway

Thomas Daniel "Tim" Conway (December 15, 1933 – May 14, 2019) was an American actor, comedian, writer and director. He has worked in sitcoms, comedy sketches, and in movies. Conway is best known for "McHale's Navy" as Ensign Charles Parker. He also voiced Barnacle Boy in "SpongeBob SquarePants".

Conway was born Thomas Daniel Conway in Willoughby, Ohio on December 15, 1933. His mother was Romanian. He was raised in Chagrin Falls, Ohio.

Conway went to Bowling Green State University.

Conway was married twice: His first marriage was to Mary Anne Dalton in 1961.

Conway and Dalton had six children. One of them is radio host Tim Conway, Jr.. Conway and Dalton divorced in 1978. Conway's second marriage was in 1984 to Charlene Fusco. Conway and Ernest Borgnine were good friends until Borgnine's death in 2012.

Conway died on May 14, 2019, at the age of 85 from complications of normal pressure hydrocephalus.


List of settlements in Bulgaria

This is a complete list of all cities and towns in Bulgaria sorted by population. Province capitals are shown in bold.

List of settlements in Burkina Faso

This is a list of cities and towns in Burkina Faso.

List of cities in Cambodia

This is a list of cities in Cambodia.


Cillian Murphy

Cillian Murphy (born 25 May 1976) is an Irish movie and theatre actor. Murphy is known for his roles in Christopher Nolan movies such as Scarecrow in "The Dark Knight Trilogy" (2005–2012). He also appeared in "Inception" and "Dunkirk". He also plays Tommy Shelby in the BBC drama television series "Peaky Blinders". He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 2005 for his role as Patrick/Patricia "Kitty" Braden in "Breakfast on Pluto". 

In 2023, he played physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer in the Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer" for which he won a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a BAFTA Award and the Academy Award for Best Actor.

Murphy was born on 25 May 1976 in Douglas, County Cork, Ireland. He was raised in Ballintemple, a suburb of Cork. His father, Brendan Murphy, worked for the Irish Department of Education. His mother is a French teacher. He went to University College Cork.

Murphy started his career as a rock musician. After he turned down a record deal, he started his acting career in a play in Disco Pigs in 1996. He went on to star in a British and Irish movie and stage production in the late 1990s and early 2000s. His first worldwide role was in 2003 as the hero in the horror movie "28 Days Later".

Murphy's best-known roles were villains in two blockbusters: Scarecrow in the superhero movie "Batman Begins", and as Jackson Rippner in the thriller movie "Red Eye". He also played the Scarecrow in the next two Batman movies: "The Dark Knight" and "The Dark Knight Rises". He played the orphan teen in the 2005's "Breakfast on Pluto". For that role, he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. He played a 1920s Irish revolutionary in "The Wind That Shakes the Barley".

He has also played the main protagonist, Thomas Shelby, in the BBC drama "Peaky Blinders".

In 2023, he played J. Robert Oppenheimer in the Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer". To prepare for the role, Murphy lost weight to match Oppenheimer's appearance. He researched Oppenheimer's life and took inspiration from David Bowie's appearance in the 1970s for his role. He won a Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild Award a BAFTA Award, and an Academy Award for this role.

Murphy lived in London, England from 2001 until 2015 when he moved to Dublin, Ireland. He often works in or near a city. He has no thoughts of moving to Hollywood. He often gives interviews about his movies. He does not give information about his private life.

Murphy married Yvonne McGuinness in 2004. They have two sons; Malachy (b. 2005) and Carrick (b. 2007). He currently lives in Monkstown, Dublin, Ireland.

He was a vegetarian for around 15 years, which he said happened because he was "worried about getting mad cow disease" rather than a moral decision. He also had problems about unhealthy agribusiness practices.

Hurricane Charlie (1951)

Hurricane Charlie was the deadliest storm in 1951. It was the second hurricane of the year in the Atlantic hurricane season. This hurricane hit Jamaica with winds around Category 3 levels, strengthened to Category 4 at 135 miles an hour and then struck Mexican Yucatán Peninsula. The storm made its last landfall in the Tampico area of Mexico. Over 250 people died, half of whom near the Tampico region. This hurricane was Tampico's worst tropical cyclone since 1936.

Tom Hardy

Edward Thomas "Tom" Hardy, CBE, (born 15 September 1977) is an English movie, television, stage, voice actor and screenwriter. He is a leading actor in "tough guy" roles on screen and stage.

He is known for his roles in Black Hawk Down, "", "RocknRolla", "Bronson", "Inception", "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", "This Means War", and the television series "".

For his work in "Stuart" he earned a nomination for a BAFTA Award for Best Actor. He also played Freddie Jackson in Martina Cole's "The Take". That was a television movie based on Cole's novel of the same name. He played Bane in Christopher Nolan's 2012 movie "The Dark Knight Rises". Hardy also played Max Rockatansky in "" and as Venom in the 2018 movie "Venom".
Hardy appeared as Farrier in the 2017 Nolan movie "Dunkirk". 

Hardy created, co-produced, and took the lead in the eight-part historical fiction series "Taboo" (2017) on BBC One and FX.

He was born on 15 September 1977 in Hammersmith, London. and is an only child. His parents were Anne (née Barrett) and Edward "Chips" Hardy. He was raised in East Sheen, London. Hardy went to Reed's School, Tower House School, and the Drama Centre London.

Hardy married Sarah Ward in 1999. They divorced in 2004. He has a son with ex-girlfriend Rachael Speed, Louis Thomas Hardy (born 8 April 2008). Hardy proposed to actress Charlotte Riley, after a year of dating. They were married in 2014.

He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2018 Birthday Honours for services to drama.


Ebers papyrus

The Ebers Papyrus (c. 1550 BC) is an ancient Egyptian medical treatise. It covers both practical and magical advice. There are over 700 different drugs described in the papyrus. Some are useful such as opium for pain. Other things in the papyrus can seem ridiculous. An example of that is tapping a person on the head with a fish if they have a migraine. Aside from covering a large number of treatments, the papyrus also has information on a broad range of ailments from intestinal complaints and eye problems to depression or other mental disorders.

Marion Cotillard

Marion Cotillard (born September 30, 1975) is a French stage and movie actress, and singer.

She made her career well known by roles in such movies as in "La Vie en Rose", "My Sex Life...or How I Got Into an Argument", "Taxi", "Furia", "Jeux d'enfants" and "A Very Long Engagement". She has also appeared in movies like "Big Fish", "A Good Year", "Public Enemies", "Nine", "Inception", "Midnight in Paris", "Contagion", "The Dark Knight Rises" and "Rust and Bone".

In 2007, Cotillard starred as a French singer in Édith Piaf in "La Vie en Rose". For that role she won the Academy Award, the BAFTA Award, the César Award, and the Golden Globe Award for best actress. She made movie history by becoming the first person to win an Academy Award for a French language performance. In 2010 she received a Golden Globe nomination for her performance in the musical "Nine".

Cotillard was born in Paris, France on September 30, 1975 to Jean Claude-Cotillard who is an actor, former mime, and a Molière Award-winning director. Cotillard's mother Monique (known as Niseema) Theillaud, is also an actress and a drama teacher. She has two younger twin brothers, Quentin and Guillaume. Guillaume is a screenwriter and director. She began acting during her childhood, appearing on stage for her father's plays.

Cotillard currently lives with her partner Guillaume Canet. Many reports say the couple prefers to live a simple lifestyle, and they are often spotted in cafes and shopping together in Paris. Neither of the two discusses their relationship with the media, although photos of the couple regularly surface in the European tabloids. On May 20, 2011, the couple had their first child called Marcel.

Cotillard has dubbed several films and documentaries in France and in the U.S., and also dubbed in French all of her roles in English-language films.


Matthew Modine

Matthew Avery Modine (born March 22, 1959) is an American actor, activist, director, producer, writer and cinematographer. 

His movie roles include Private Joker in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket", the title character in Alan Parker's "Birdy", high school wrestler Louden Swain in "Vision Quest", football star turned spy Alec McCall in "Funcky Monkey" and the oversexed Sullivan Groff in "Weeds". He appeared in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Rises" as Officer Peter Foley. He also played Dr. Martin Brenner in Netflix's "Stranger Things".

He unsuccessfully ran for National President of the SAG-AFTRA two times in 2019 and in 2021.

Modine played Vannevar Bush in the 2023 Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer".

Modine was born on March 22, 1959 in Loma Linda, California. He is the son of Dolores (née Warner), a bookkeeper, and Mark Alexander Modine, who managed a drive-in theater. He was educated at Brigham Young University. He was raised in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Modine is married to Caridad Rivera since 1980 and have two children. His daughter, Ruby Modine, is an actress and dancer.


Omar Suleiman

Omar Suleiman (, 2 July 1936-19 July 2012) was an Egyptian general, diplomat, and politician. He was the spy intelligence chief from 1993 to 2011 while Hosni Mubarak was President of Egypt. In January 2011 Suleiman was appointed vice-president by Mubarak. He served until they left in early February 2011. In 2012, Suleiman wanted to be president but was disqualified from running. He was not seen in public since Mubarak's regime ended. On 19 July 2012, Suleiman died in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S. from heart attack while undergoing medical trials.

Dacquoise

A dacquoise is a dessert cake. It is made with layers of almond and hazelnut meringue and whipped cream or buttercream. The name comes from the French word "", meaning "of Dax". (Dax is a town in southwestern France.) It is usually served chilled with fruit. One form of dacquoise is "marjolaine". "Marjolaine" is long and rectangular and combines almond and hazelnut meringue layers with chocolate buttercream.

A classic "dacquoise" is made of two layers of a meringue filled with an egg-yolk-based buttercream. Often, the layers are of a meringue "japonais". (Meringue "japonais" means there are ground nuts added.) The nuts can be blanched almonds or hazelnuts. While this "dacquoise" is based on layers of meringue "japonais", it is held together with a mix of sour cream and milk and dark chocolates.

Stapleton

Stapleton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 221 people living in Stapleton. It has a church called St Mary.

Parton

Parton is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 924 people living in Parton.

Bewcastle

Bewcastle is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 411 people living in Bewcastle.

Burtholme

Burtholme is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 184 people living in Burtholme.

Castle Carrock

Castle Carrock is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 303 people living in Castle Carrock.

Cumrew

Cumrew is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 85 people living in Cumrew. It has a church called St Mary.

Cumwhitton

Cumwhitton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 293 people living in Cumwhitton.

Farlam

Farlam is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 590 people living in Farlam.

Irthington

Irthington is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 712 people living in Irthington.

Midgeholme

Midgeholme is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 67 people living in Midgeholme. There is also Midgeholme Colliery in Midgeholme.

Upper Denton

Upper Denton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 92 people living in Upper Denton. It has a church.

Westlinton

Westlinton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001, there were 359 people living in Westlinton.

Rika Komazawa

Komazawa was born in Sennan, Osaka. As a schoolgirl, she became interested in field hockey. At Tenri University, she played on the school's field hockey team. 



Arjuna Award

The Arjuna Awards were established by monkey the government of India in 1961. The honour recognizes "outstanding achievement in sports and games". The award includes a cash prize. The Arjuna Awards recognise the achievements of the country’s sportsmen.

The symbol of the award is a small bronze statue of Arjuna with his bow.

The Indian government confers Arjuna Award on selected athletes who take part in Olympic Games, Asian Games, Commonwealth Games, World Cup Championships and sports for the physically challenged.


Renault 12 Toros

Renault 12 Toros is a modernized version of Renault 12 in Turkey. It was designed in 1989, and released in the second half of the year. The name "Toros" comes from the Taurus mountains in Turkey. Renault 12 Toros had high traction so it used for many years. It was used as the official vehicle for many years by the Turkish National Police and Turkish Gendarmerie. Its Espically Connected to production stopped in 2000 because its emissions polluted too much for the European Union's Emission Norms.

Karnam Malleswari

Karnam Malleswari (born June 1, 1975) is an Indian athlete. She is best known as a weightlifter who won a bronze medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics at Sydney. She became the first Indian woman to stand on an Olympic victor's podium, and she was the only Indian to win a medal in the 2000 olympic games.

In 1992, Malleswari was the first Indian woman to win a world title in any sport.




Onuk Sazan

Onuk Sazan was the first supercar and second sports car made in Turkey. It was developed by Onuk Company (a military and civilian speedboat producer in Turkey) and Renault. Onuk Sazan was designed by Demir Sümer, Gökhan Akış, Eralp Noyan and Jan Nahum. Its name was inspired by the Dr. Ekber Onuk's deceased son's nickname, Sazan ("Carp"). Only 5 of these cars are made each year. Its price is €200000.

Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore

Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore (born January 29, 1970) Jaisalmer, Rajasthan is an Indian athlete. He is best known for shooting in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

In the 2004 games, Rathore finished second in the men's double-trap shooting event. He was the first Indian to win an individual silver medal.




Bradley Wiggins

Sir Bradley Marc Wiggins, CBE (born 28 April 1980) is a British cyclist. He was born in Ghent, Belgium. He grew up in Kilburn and Maida Vale, London. His mother Linda is English; his father was Australian cyclist Gary Wiggins (1952-2008). 

Wiggins won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics, a gold medal, silver medal and bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics, two gold medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics and a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He won the 2012 Tour de France.

David Kelly (actor)

David William Kelly (July 11, 1929 – February 12, 2012) was an Irish actor. He acted in several movies and television shows from the 1950s until his death in 2012. Kelly is known in Ireland as Rashers Tierney in "Strumpet City".

In Britain, he is known as Cousin Edna in "Me Mammy" and as the builder Mr. O'Reilly in "Fawlty Towers". In the United States, Kelly is known as Grandpa Joe in Tim Burton's "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory". He is also known as Michael O'Sullivan in "Waking Ned".

Kelly was born on July 11, 1929 in Dublin, Ireland. He went to The Abbey School of Acting. Kelly was married to Laurie Morton from 1961 until his death in 2012. They had two children; David Kelly, Jr. and Miriam Kelly. Kelly died on February 12, 2012, his cause of death was pneumonia complicated by lung cancer in Dublin, Ireland. He was 82 years old. Kelly was buried at the Mount Jerome Cemetery & Crematorium.


Jonathan Frid

Jonathan Frid (John Herbert Frid; December 2, 1924 – April 14, 2012) was a Canadian stage, radio, voice, television, and movie actor. He was best known for playing the role of vampire Barnabas Collins on the Gothic American television show "Dark Shadows". 

Frid was born on December 2, 1924 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He had Scottish, English, German, and Danish ancestry. He learned how to become an actor in Ontario, New York City, and London. Frid was not married. 

Frid died in the early hours of April 14, 2012 at the Juravinski Hospital in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He died from complications of pneumonia due to a fall he had several days before, he was 87 years old. Frid had a nephew David Howitt, who confirmed his death.


Hiroshi Hoketsu

Hoketsu is the oldest Olympian to compete for Japan. He is the second oldest Olympian after Oscar Swahn who was a 72-year-old Swedish shooter who won bronze medal at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp.




Michael Gough

Francis Michael Gough (23 November 1916 – 17 March 2011) was an English character actor who as appeared in over 150 movies. He is perhaps best known world wide for his roles in the Hammer Horror Films from 1958, and for his work as Batman's loyal butler Alfred Pennyworth in "Batman", "Batman Returns", "Batman Forever", and "Batman & Robin". Gough and actor Pat Hingle are the only two actors to appear in all 4 Batman movies directed by Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher. Gough has also been in some other Tim Burton movies, "Sleepy Hollow", "Tim Burton's Corpse Bride", and "Alice in Wonderland".

Gough was born on 23 November 1916 in Kuala Lumpur, British Malaya. His parents were Frances Atkins (née Baillie) and Frances Berkely Gough.

Gough was married four times; first to Dinan Graves they divorced. Second to Anne Leon in 1950 through 1964. Third to Anneke Wills in 1962 until they divorced in 1979. Lastly to Henrietta Lawrence in 1980 until his death in 2011. Gough had 3 children; Emma, Simon, and Jasper.

Gough died on 17 March 2011 in his home in Salisbury, Wiltshire from pneumonia complicated from prostate cancer. He was 94 years old. He was cremated. Michael Keaton who played Batman in the first two Batman films, said "To Mick - my butler, my confidant, my friend, my Alfred. I love you. God bless. Michael (Mr. Wayne) Keaton.". Gough was cremated and his ashes were rest at sea.


2012 Aurora, Colorado shooting

The 2012 Aurora shooting took place in Aurora, Colorado, United States, on 20 July 2012. Gunman James Eagan Holmes shot dead 12 people and wounded 58 others at "The Dark Knight Rises" premiere at a movie theater. He was arrested a few minutes later. 

Holmes was convicted in 2015 of twenty-four counts of first-degree murder, 140 counts of attempted first-degree murder, one count of possessing explosives and a sentence enhancement of a crime of violence. He was sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole.

Pat Hingle

Martin Patterson "Pat" Hingle (July 19, 1924 January 3, 2009) was an American actor. He played Commissioner James Gordon in the Tim Burton/Joel Schumacher Batman films: "Batman", "Batman Returns", "Batman Forever", and "Batman & Robin". Hingle and Michael Gough are the only two actors to appear in all 4 Batman movies. Hingle worked from 1954 through 2006.

Hingle was born on July 19, 1924 in Miami, Florida. His parents were Marvin Louise (née Patterson), a schoolteacher and musician, and Clarence Martin Hingle, a building contractor.

Hingle enlisted in the U.S. Navy in December 1941, dropping out of the University of Texas. He served on the destroyer "USS Marshall" during World War II. He returned to the University of Texas after the war ended and earned a degree in radio broadcasting. He learned to act at the Actors Studio.

Hingle was married two times; first to Alyce Faye Dorsey in 1947 until they divorced in 1972. He was married to Julie Wright from 1979 until his death in 2009. Hingle had 3 children with Dorsey; Jody, Billy, and Molly. With Wright, he had two children. Hingle graduated from Weslaco High School in Weslaco, Texas in 1942.

In 1960, he had been offered the title role in "Elmer Gantry", but Burt Lancaster filled the part because Hingle had been in a near fatal accident. He was caught in his West End Avenue apartment building in an elevator that had stalled between the second and third floors. He crawled out and sought to reach the second floor corridor but lost his balance and fell fifty-four feet down the shaft. He fractured his skull, wrist, hip, and most of the ribs on his left side. He broke his left leg in three places and lost the little finger on his left hand. He lay near death for two weeks, and his recovery required more than a year.

Hingle died on January 3, 2009 in Carolina Beach, North Carolina from Myelodysplastic syndrome, he was 84 years old. Hingle was cremated and his ashes were scattered into the Atlantic Ocean.


Bernard Hill

Bernard Hill (born 17 December 1944) is a British movie, theatre, and television actor since 1975. His career has lasted more than 30 years.

Hill is known for playing Yosser Hughes in the British television drama "Boys from the Blackstuff". He is also known for the roles in movie blockbusters films such as Captain Edward Smith in "Titanic", King Theoden in "The Lord of the Rings movie series", and as the Warden of the San Quentin Prison in Clint Eastwood's "True Crime".

Hill was born in Blackley, Manchester, England in 17 December 1944. He attended at Xaverian College although back then it was called "The Xaverian School", and then to the Manchester Polytechnic School of Drama at the same time as Richard Griffiths. He graduated with a diploma in theatre in 1970.

He is married to Marianne Hill and has a son named Gabriel Hill.

In his commentary on "" (2002) Extended Edition DVD, he admits that during the course of shooting he first broke his sternum, then had his ear slashed open by a sword.


Optic nerve

The optic nerve, also known as cranial nerve II or simply as CN II, is one of twelve cranial nerves but is also considered to be part of the central nervous system. It sends information from the retina (the outermost part of the eye) to the brain. The brain forms a picture using the information so that you can see things.
The retina sees the image upside-down and the optic nerve sends it to the brain so it turns it back into normal. 

Aaron Eckhart

Aaron Edward Eckhart (born March 22, 1968) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor.

Eckhart became known world-wide in such films as in "Erin Brockovich" (2000), and gained a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actor for his role in "Thank You for Smoking" (2006). He is also known for his role as Two-Face in the 2008 summer blockbuster "The Dark Kinght" (2008). Eckhart alongside Nicole Kidman worked in a movie called "Rabbit Hole" (2010)

Eckhart was born in Cupertino, California on March 22, 1968. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Eckhart studied at the American Community School and at the American International School of Sydney. He was once engaged to actress Emily Cline. They separated in 1998. Eckhart now lives in Beverly Hills, California.

Tom Wilkinson

Thomas Geoffrey "Tom" Wilkinson Jr. (5 February 1948 – 30 December 2023) was an English movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was nominated for an Academy Award, for his roles in "In the Bedroom" and "Michael Clayton". In 2009, he won Golden Globe and a Primetime Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Film for his role in "John Adams". Wilkinson was also known for his works in 2005 blockbuster "Batman Begins" and as Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. (the father of President John F. Kennedy). in 2011 miniseries "The Kennedys".

Wilkinson was born on 5 February 1948 in Wharfedale, West Riding of Yorkshire, England to Thomas Wilkinson Sr. a farmer. Wilkinson was trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts and University of Kent. 

Wilkinson was married to Diana Hardcastle from 1988 until his death. They had two daughters, Alice and Mollie.

Wilkinson died suddenly at his home in North London, England on 30 December 2023, at the age of 75.

Rutger Hauer

Rutger Oelsen Hauer (January 23, 1944 – July 19, 2019) was a Dutch stage, television, and movie actor.

Hauer's career began during the year 1969 with the role in a popular Dutch television series "Floris", directed by Paul Verhoeven. His notable works include "Flesh & Blood", "Blind Fury", "Blade Runner", "The Hitcher", "Nighthawks", "Wedlock", "Sin City", "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind", "Ladyhawke", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "The Osterman Weekend", "The Blood of Heroes", "Batman Begins", "Hobo with a Shotgun", "The Rite", and he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Escape from Sobibor". Hauer was a dedicated environmentalist and founded an AIDS awareness organization, the Rutger Hauer Starfish Association.

Hauer was born on January 23, 1944 in Breukelen, Netherlands. His parents were Arend and Teunuk Hauer, both drama teachers. Hauer was raised in Beetsterzwaag, Netherlands. Hauer lived in Malibu, California, United States. Hauer married Ineke ten Kate in 1985. He had one daughter, Aysha Hauer, with his first wife Heidi Merz. He was the grandfather of fashion model Leandro Maeder.

Hauer was made a knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion in 2013.

Hauer died on 19 July 2019 at his home in Beetsterzwaag, Switzerland at the age of 75 after a short-illness.


Naoko Takahashi

In 2008, she retired from racing.

Takahashi was not a successful runner in high school. She improved after she graduated from college. 




James Whitmore

James Allen Whitmore, Jr. (October 1, 1921 February 6, 2009) was an American stage and movie actor.

Born on October 1, 1921 in White Plains, New York. to Florence Belle (née Crane) and James Allen Whitmore, Sr.. Whitmore graduated from Yale University before serving in the United States Marine Corps during World War II.

Following the war, Whitmore appeared on Broadway, where he won a special Tony Award in 1948. His first major movie was "Battleground", for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Other major movies include; "The Asphalt Jungle", "The Next Voice You Hear", "Kiss Me, Kate", "Them!", "Black Like Me", and "Give 'em Hell, Harry", for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as 33rd President of the United States Harry S. Truman.

Whitmore also appeared as General Oliver O. Howard in the 1975 TV movie "I Will Fight No More Forever", based on the 1877 conflict between the United States and Nez Perce trib, led by Chief Joseph.

Whitmore's last major role was as librarian Brooks Hatlen in the critically-acclaimed and the Academy Award-nominated 1994 movie "The Shawshank Redemption".

Although not always politically active, in 2007, Whitmore received some publicity with his endorsement of Barack Obama for U.S. President. In January 2008, Whitmore appeared in television commercials for the First Freedom First campaign, which advocates preserving "the separation of church and state" and protecting religious liberty.

Whitmore was married four times; once to Nancy Mygatt in 1947 until they divorced in 1971. Then he married Audra Lindley in 1972 until they divorced in 1979. Later he once again married Nancy Mygatt in 1979 until they divorced once again in 1981. Lastly Whitmore married Noreen Nash in 2001 until Whitmore's death in 2009. He only has three sons from his first marriage including; James Whitmore, Jr..

Whitmore died on February 6, 2009 in his Malibu, California home from lung cancer from which he had since November 2008. He was 87 years old. Whitmore was later cremated and his ashes were scattered at sea.


Rohullah Nikpai

Rohullah Nikpai (born June 15, 1987) is an athlete from Afghanistan. He won an Olympic bronze medal for taekwondo.

Nikpai started his training in Kabul, Afghanistan, at the age of 10. At the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, Qatar Nikpai was in the flyweight division. He lost to silver medalist Nattapong Tewawetchapong of Thailand in round 16. 

Nikpai was in Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He defeated two-time world champion Juan Antonio Ramos of Spain. Winning the bronze medal made him Afghanistan's first Olympic medalist in any event. Afghanistan president Hamid Karzai immediately called to congratulate Nikpai. He also gave him a house paid by the government. "I hope this will send a message of peace to my country after 30 years of war," Nikpai said.

Mustapha Moussa

Mustapha Moussa (born February 2, 1962 in Oran) is a boxer from Algeria.

Moussa won the bronze medal in the Light Heavyweight division (75–81 kg) at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He was the first Algerian to win an Olympic medal.

Moussa became a professional boxer in 1988. He was not very successful. He lost his first fight toMauro Galvano. He fought once in 1992 and 2004, losing both fights. 

Crotalus enyo

Crotalus enyo, also known as the ""Lower California Rattlesnake"", is a species of venomous Pit viper. There are currently two subspecies found.

Male Baja California Rattlesnakes are larger than females with some which can grow up to the length of . The head is small and narrow while the eyes are very big. They are usually light brown or dark brown in color, but some are also gray. They have blotches which are black or light brown with dark edges.

The Baja California Rattlesnake is found in deserts and pine-oak forests of northwestern Mexico. They are also found on islands of the Gulf of California.

Young Baja California Rattlesnakes eat lizards and small centipedes, while adults eat rodents and large centipedes of the genus Scolopendra.

Baja California Rattlesnakes mate in the spring and give birth to their young in summer or early fall. They give birth to 2-7 young at a time, and the young are around long.


Mohamed Zaoui

Mohamed Zaoui (born May 14, 1960) is a boxer from Algeria. Zaoui won the bronze medal in the Middleweight division (71–75 kg) at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

Hal Holbrook

Harold Rowe "Hal" Holbrook (February 17, 1925 – January 23, 2021) was an American movie, television, stage and voice actor. Holbrook was known to the general audience for playing famous author Mark Twain in plays or on biographical shows.

Holbrook was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He began acting in 1954. He began his Mark Twain routine, so that he can earn money.

Holbrook soon began appearing on plays. He then called his Twain show "Mark Twain Tonight". He is also known for his fictional-political shows and as "Deep Throat" in "All the President's Men". He also played Abraham Lincoln in several biographical television movies.

Holbrook was nominated for many awards during his career. He is the oldest actor to have nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.

Holbrook was born on February 17, 1925 in Cleveland, Ohio. His parents were Harold Rowe Holbrook and Aileen Davenport. His parents left him, so he and his two sisters were raised by his grandparents in South Weymouth, Massachusetts. He studied at Culver Academies and at Denison University. His acting career would begin in theater in 1954.

Holbrook is known for his television roles. These include Abraham Lincoln, Hays Stone in "The Bold Ones: The Senator" and Capt. Lloyd Bucher in "Pueblo". But he is best known as Mark Twain in comedy stage works and comedy shows. His first solo performance as Twain was at Lock Haven State Teachers College in Pennsylvania in 1954. Holbrook had to smoke for his role as Twain. He would later name that play "Mark Twain Tonight". He has portrayed Twain longer than Samuel Langhorne Clemens did.

Holbrook first appeared in movies in 1966, in "The Group". After this, he appeared in two more movies: "Magnum Force" in 1973 and "All the President's Men" in 1976. Later, he appeared in "The Fog", "Wall Street", "Hercules", "The Bachelor", and in "Walking the Dead".

He was also known for his role in the 2007 movie "Into the Wild", for which he was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award and an Academy Award. He also appeared in "Water for Elephants" in 2011.

Later he has appeared as Francis Preston Blair in Steven Spielberg's movie "Lincoln" in 2012. He appeared during the opening ceremony of the 2013 Screen Actors Guild Awards.

Holbrook starred in the 2014 animated movie "" as a fire truck named Mayday. Holbrook is set to star in the 2015 thriller movie "Go with Me" along with Anthony Hopkins.

Holbrook was married to Ruby Holbrook from 1945 until they divorced in 1965. Then he was married to Carol Eve Rossen from 1966 until they divorced in 1979. He was last married to Dixie Carter from 1984 until her death in 2010. Holbrook has two children with Ruby and one with Rossen.

Holbrook met Carter on the set of "The Killing of Randy Webster" in 1980. Holbrook now lives in McLemoresville, Tennessee, and in Beverly Hills, California. Holbrook has stated that he was a political independent because he votes for both Democrats and Republicans.

Holbrook died at his home in Beverly Hills, California, on January 23, 2021 at the age of 95. His death was announced more than a week later, on February 2.

Holbrook has won three Tony Awards, in 1971, 1974, and in 1976. He won a Drama Desk Award in 1989. He also won a Primetime Emmy Award in 1966. He was nominated for an Academy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award in 2007 for his role in "Into the Wild". In 2008, at age 82, he became the oldest male actor to be nominated for an Academy Award. His nomination displaced Ralph Richardson, who previously held that distinction. Here is the list of nominations or winning awards:

Academy Awards


Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards


Chicago Film Critics Association Awards


Online Film Critics Society Awards


Screen Actors Guild Awards


Primetime Emmy Awards




Hassiba Boulmerka

Hassiba Boulmerka (born 10 July 1968 in Constantine, Algeria) is a former Algerian middle distance athlete.

Boulmerka started running seriously at the age of ten. She focused on the 800 and 1500 metres. She was successful in national and regional races. Her first major international tournament was the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. She was eliminated in the preliminary heat of both the 800 and 1500 m.

The first major race she won was the 800 m. at the "Golden Gala" race in Rome, Italy. A month later, she was at the World Championships. She won the 1500 m.

Muslim groups in Algeria did not like her. They thought she showed too much of her body when racing. Boulmerka received death threats. She had to move to Europe to train. She won the 1500 m gold medal at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics. It was Algeria's first gold medal at the Olympic Games.

She won a bronze medal at the 1993 World Championships in Stuttgart. In 1995, she did not win a single race until the World Championships in Gothenburg. She was at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, but sprained her ankle in the semi-finals. She stopped racing after 1997.

Boulmerka was later elected to the Athletes' Commission of the International Olympic Committee.

Boulmerka has returned to Algeria and is now a businesswoman.

Hocine Soltani

Hocine Soltani (December 27, 1972 in Thenia – March 1, 2002 in Marseille) was a boxer from Algeria. He won two Olympic medals. In 1992 he was third in the featherweight division (54–57 kg). At the 1996 Summer Olympics he won a gold medal in lightweight.

Hocine became a professional boxer in 1998. He only fought four times, winning each time. He quit boxing in 2000. Soltani disappeared in March 2002. His body was found near Marseille, France in September 2004. 

Hendrik Verwoerd

Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd (8 September 1901 – 6 September 1966) was Prime Minister of South Africa from 1958 to 1961, and then president from 1961 to 1966. He was the person chiefly responsible for apartheid. 
He was born in the Netherlands. His parents emigrated to southern Africa when he was two years old. In 1950, Verwoerd became Minister of Native Affairs (native meant the black Africans in the country). He was Prime Minister from 1958 to 1966, when he was murdered. Verwoerd was associated with the National Party.

Verwoerd is often called the "Architect of Apartheid" for his role in apartheid policy when he was Minister of Native Affairs and then Prime Minister. Verwoerd once described apartheid as a "policy of good neighbourliness".

On 9 April 1960 a white farmer named David Pratt attempted to murder Verwoerd by shooting him, but Verwoerd survived the attack.

In 1960, Verwoerd announced that he planned to hold a referendum in South Africa on whether to remain a Commonwealth realm under the British monarch's rule or become a republic. The South African Parliament (a kind of legislature) voted to present the referendum to the people, and it was held in October. Voters were asked if they wanted to remain under the British monarch's rule, or become a republic. 52% voted to change to a republic. South Africa became a republic on May 31, 1961.

The National Party government under Verowoerd continued to develop the military, and it successfully made new developments in arms production including aircraft, small arms, armed vehicles, and even nuclear weapons.

Three days before his death, Verwoerd held talks with the Prime Minister of the Lesotho, one of the native tribes in South Africa, Chief Leabua Jonathan, at the Union Buildings in Pretoria. Following the meeting, a joint statement was issued by the two governments with special emphasis on "co-operation without interference in each others' internal affairs".

On 6 September 1966, Verwoerd was murdered in Cape Town, shortly after entering the House of Assembly at 2:15 pm. A parliamentary messenger named Dimitri Tsafendas stabbed Verwoerd in the neck and chest four times before other Assembly members restrained him. Members who were also trained as medical practitioners rushed to aid Verwoerd and started giving cardiopulmonary resuscitation. Verwoerd was rushed to Groote Schuur Hospital, but was declared dead upon arrival.

Dick Van Dyke

Richard Wayne "Dick" Van Dyke (born December 13, 1925) is an American actor, comedian, dancer, producer, singer and writer with his career that has lasted 60 years. He is the older brother of Jerry Van Dyke and father of Barry Van Dyke.

Van Dyke starred in many movies; "Bye Bye Birdie", "Mary Poppins", "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" and "Night at the Museum" and in television series "The Dick Van Dyke Show" and in "Diagnosis: Murder". He has a star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Van Dyke was once offered the role as Ambassador Thorn in the 1976 movie "The Omen", but turned it down because of the movie's violent gory content.

Van Dyke was born on December 13, 1925 in West Plains, Missouri. He was raised in Danville, Illinois. Van Dyke now lives in Malibu, California. During his early years, Van Dyke use to work as a weather man.

Van Dyke has been married to Margie Willett in 1948 until they divorced in 1984. He was married to Arlene Silver since 2012. Van Dyke had been partners with Michelle Triola from 1976 until her death from lung cancer in 2009. Van Dyke has 4 children and one grandson.

He has won a Grammy Award, a Tony Award, and an Emmy Award. He has been honored a Disney Legend Award in 1999. He was given The Life Achievement Award from the Screen Actors Guild in 2013.

In 2021, Van Dyke was honored with the Kennedy Center Honors.

Van Dyke was a heavy cigarette smoker for most of his life. He has been using Nicorette gum since 2003.

In April 2013, Van Dyke revealed that he has been displaying symptoms of a neurological disorder since 2006, but despite undergoing tests no diagnosis has been made. In 2013 the actor stated that his dental-related implants might be responsible.

On August 19, 2013, it was reported that Van Dyke, age 87, was rescued from inside his Jaguar by a passerby as the actor's car caught fire on a Los Angeles-area highway. He was not injured in the fire. The car burned down to its frame.


Eli Wallach

Eli Herschel Wallach (December 7, 1915 – June 24, 2014) was an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor who gained fame during the late 1950s. For his performance as Silva Vacarro in "Baby Doll", he won a BAFTA Award for Best Newcomer, an Honorary Academy Award, an Emmy Award, a Tony Award, and a Golden Globe Award nomination.

Wallach was born on December 7, 1915 in Red Hook, Brooklyn, New York and studied at the University of Texas at Austin, City College of New York, and at the Neighborhood Playhouse School of Theatre.

Wallach's famous roles are Tuco in "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", Calvera in "The Magnificent Seven", and as Mr. Freeze in "Batman". Other roles includes; Don Altobello in "The Godfather Part III", Cotton Weinberger in "The Two Jakes", and Arthur Abbott in "The Holiday". He is still an active actor even in his nineties and being in films as in "Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps" and in "The Ghost Writer".

Wallach was married to Anne Jackson since 1948. They had three children. His great nephew was movie critic A. O. Scott. Wallach lived in East Hampton, New York.

Wallach, during a set of a movie he was in, accidentally drank from a bottle of acid that a technician had carelessly placed next to his soda bottle. He spat it out quickly, but was angry because his vocal cords could have been damaged if he had swallowed any of it.

Wallach died at his home in New York City, New York from natural causes on June 24, 2014, aged 98.


Outstation (Aboriginal community)

In Australia, the outstation movement is the movement of Australian Aboriginal people from large towns to much smaller communities, called outstations. It is mostly seen in the Northern Territory and amongst the people of the Western Desert.

Before the 20th century, most Aboriginal families lived by themselves or in groups of 20–30 people. They were nomadic (moving from place to place), hunting and foraging across the deserts. As Euro-Australians started to build roads, towns and farms on Aboriginal lands, the native people were forced out. They had to move off their lands into towns or missions. There, the government would give them food, water and clothes.

This way of life did not suit them. In the towns, there were many conflicts between different ethnic groups, people became addicted to alcohol, and many of them died from foreign diseases. Many groups were also far away from their traditional homelands, which were important to them and their spirituality. From the 1970s, many families started to move away from the towns. They returned to the places they grew up, and set up smaller communities.

One of the main reasons behind the movement is for Aboriginal people to get back autonomy and self-sufficiency. The communities manage themselves, as nomadic groups (or "tribe") did many years before. Hunting and foraging – getting their own food, and food for everybody – is still important.

Santa Catalina rattlesnake

The Santa Catalina Rattlesnake ("Crotalus catalinensis"), also known as the ""Santa Catalina Island Rattlesnake"", is a species of venomous Pit viper found only on Santa Catalina Island in the Gulf of California. There are currently no subspecies recognized.

The Santa Catalina Rattlesnake is a small and slender species of rattlesnake. It can grow up to the length of 73.1 centimeters (28.8 in), and is known for being one of the few rattlesnakes which don't have a rattle on the end of their tail. Some Santa Catalina Rattlesnakes are light cream in color with reddish-brown blotches down their back, while some are ash gray with dark gray blotches on them.

While other rattlesnakes of the genus ""Crotalus"" are mainly terrestrial (live on land), the Santa Catalina Rattlesnake's small size makes it very good climber. In July, the hottest month on Santa Catalina Island, the Santa Catalina Rattlesnake is found on branches of bushes and trees so they can escape the heat on the ground.

Since the Santa Catalina Rattlesnake lives mainly in trees, scientist first thought this rattlesnake eats birds, but scientist have now found out that around 70% of the Santa Catalina Rattlesnake's diet is made up of small mammals like the Santa Catalina Deer Mouse, and around 30% is made up of lizards like the Santa Catalina Desert Iguana and the Santa Catalina Side-blotched lizard.

Claire McCaskill

Claire Conner McCaskill (born July 24, 1953) is an American politician. She was the United States Senator from Missouri from 2007 to 2019. She is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party. She was the first woman from Missouri elected to the United States Senate. Before being elected to United States Senate McCaskill was the Missouri State Auditor from 1999 to 2007. She was born in Rolla, and she went to school at the University of Missouri.

McCaskill lost to Josh Hawley by nearly 9% in her re-election bid in 2018.

Arlene Dahl

Arlene Carol Dahl (August 11, 1925 – November 29, 2021) was an American actress. She was a former MGM contract star. Dahl became famous in the 1950s. She was born in Minneapolis and starred in many movies. She was the mother of actor Lorenzo Lamas.

Dahl died on November 29, 2021 at her home in New York City, aged 96.

Didache

The Didache (pronounced ""did" ah kay") or The Teaching of the Twelve Apostles is an early Christian hand book. It was written in the first or early second century AD.
It gives information about Christian ethics, rituals such as baptism and Eucharist, and Church organization.


Youth Riding a Rooster (Epiktetos)

Youth Riding a Rooster is a red-figure plate painted by Epiktetos about 520–510 BC. Its diameter measures 7 3/8 in. (18.7 cm). The plate is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. It shows a boy riding a rooster. It was a rare subject among ancient artists. It probably references homosexual relations between older men and youths. It also references the practice among Greek males of giving a rooster as a love gift.

The vase scholar Sir John Beazley wrote in 1918 in "Attic Red-Figured Vases in American Museums" (p. 18): "The best of [Epiktetos] is in his plates. You cannot draw better, you can only draw differently. Epiktetos' people are all lightness and fairy grace, as if they belonged to a world where passion and pain were unknown, to those 'woods of Athens' where Oberon reigned in the days before 'the middle summer's spring'".

The plate was discovered in Vulci in 1828. Twenty years later it became the possession of the second marquess of Northampton. On July 2, 1980, his great-great-grandson, the seventh marquess, sold it with other pottery at Christie's in London.

Footrace on a Panathenaic Amphora

Footrace on a Panathenaic Amphora is a depiction of an ancient Greek footrace on a terracotta amphora dated about 530 BC. It is said to be by the Euphiletos Painter. The height of the amphora is tall. 

The amphora would have been filled with olive oil from the sacred groves at Athens then given as a prize to the winner of a footrace in the Panathenaic Games at Athens. These games were held every four years. The amphora is held in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. 

These prize amphores were made to a standardized shape, held about 42 quarts, and were decorated in the black-figure technique. An armed Athena was depicted on the front of the amphora and a picture of the sport on the back. This amphora depicts five men and a youth. 

The museum writes, "Notice the wealth of incised lines depicting musculature, a preoccupation of Greek artists for centuries to come ... An inscription on the front of the amphora gives not only the official designation of the vase as a prize, but also the signature of the potter, Nikias, a rare occurrence on pots of this shape."

Greg Louganis

Greg Louganis (born January 29, 1960) is an American Olympic diver and author. He was born in El Cajon, California. He is of Samoan and Swedish descent and was adopted by a Greek-American couple. He received a James E. Sullivan Award from the Amateur Athletic Union. He won a silver medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. 

Two years later, Louganis received his first world title in a tower event. He won many gold medals each at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

Greg Louganis is openly gay. He was diagnosed with HIV in 1988. He wrote the book "Breaking the Surface" about his life.

Vicki Lawrence

Vicki Ann Axelrad (also called Vicki Lawrence; born March 26 1949) is an American comedienne, actress and a singer. She is best known for her acting on the "Carol Burnett Show" and as Thelma Harper on "Mama's Family". She was often on game shows in the 1970s and 1980s.

Georges Pompidou

Georges Jean Raymond Pompidou ( , ; 5 July 19112 April 1974) was a French politician. He was the President of the French Republic from 20 June 1969 until 2 April 1974. He was born in Cantal. He fought in World War II. 

He also was Prime Minister of France from 14 April 1962 until 10 July 1968. In 1968, he was elected president. He died of lymphoma in Paris. He is the only French president of the French Fifth Republic to die in office. 

John Ratzenberger

John Deszo Ratzenberger (born April 6, 1947 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American actor, voice actor, and entrepreneur. Best known for his work with Pixar, he has been referred to as the Pixar Good Luck Charm, as he has voice acted in every movie for Pixar except for Soul.

He is best known for his role as Cliff Clavin in "Cheers" and for his role in all of the "Pixar" animated movies which includes; Hamm in "Toy Story", "Toy Story 2", "Toy Story 3", "Toy Story 4" and "", P.T. Flea in "A Bug's Life", The Abominable Snowman in "Monsters, Inc.", the school of Moonfish in "Finding Nemo", The Underminer in "The Incredibles" and in "The Incredibles 2", Mack the Truck in "Cars", "Cars 2" and in "Cars 3", Mustafa the waiter in "Ratatouille", John in "WALL-E", Tom the construction worker in "Up", Gordon the Guard in "Brave", The Abominable Snowman in "Monsters University", Fritz in "Inside Out", Earl in "The Good Dinosaur", Bill the Crab in "Finding Dory" and as Juan Ortodoncia in "Coco".

Ratzenberger was married to Georgia Stiny from 1985 until they divorced in 2004. Ratzenberger has a son James John (b. 1987), and a daughter Nina Kathrine (b. 1989). Ratzenberger is a Republican.

Shaivism

Shaivism is a form of Hinduism, which sees Shiva as the most important deity. In practice, there are different branches of Shaivism. Shaivism is common in India, Nepal and Sri Lanka. It can also be found in Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia.
Shaivism are routed from southern part of India, mainly from present day Tamil Nadu, The oldest shiva temples in the state are living proof for that..Major Kings ruled Southern India also considered Lord Siva as their God

Christopher Plummer

Arthur Christopher Orme Plummer or simply Christopher Plummer (December 13, 1929 – February 5, 2021) was a Canadian actor. His career began in 1946. He first acted on Broadway in 1954. His first important stage roles were as Cyrano de Bergerac in "Cyrano" (1974) and Iago in "Othello". He was also in "Hamlet at Elsinore", "Macbeth", "King Lear", and "Barrymore".

After being on stage, he acted in his first movie "Stage Struck" (1958). He had his very first main role that same year in "Wind Across the Everglades". He became well known for playing Captain Georg von Trapp in the musical movie "The Sound of Music" (1965). 

Plummer played many historical people in movies, including Commodus in "The Fall of the Roman Empire" (1964), Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington in "Waterloo" (1970), Rudyard Kipling in "The Man Who Would Be King" (1975), Mike Wallace in "The Insider" (1999), Leo Tolstoy in "The Last Station" (2009), Kaiser Wilhelm II in "The Exception" (2016), and J. Paul Getty in "All the Money in the World" (2017).

Plummer narrated the animated series "Madeline". He voiced Charles Muntz in the Disney Pixar movie "Up" (2009). His final roles before his death were as Harlan Thrombey in "Knives Out" (2019), Frank Pitsenbarger in "The Last Full Measure" (2020) and Howard Lawson in the television drama "Departure".

Plummer won many awards for his work. He won an Academy Award, two Primetime Emmy Awards, two Tony Awards, a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a British Academy Film Award. He was one of the few actors and only Canadian to have won the Triple Crown of Acting. He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for "Beginners" (2010). At the time, at age 82 he was the oldest person to win an acting Oscar. He was nominated again for an Academy Award for "All the Money in the World". This made him the oldest person to be nominated for an acting Oscar at age 88.

Plummer was born on December 13, 1929, in Toronto, Ontario. He was the only child of John Orme Plummer and Isabella Mary Abbott. His great-grandfather was Canadian Prime Minister Sir John Abbott. Plummer's parents divorced not long after he was born. He was raised by his mother in the Abbott family home in Senneville, Quebec. He spoke English and French very well.

At an early age, he loved acting and went to High School of Montreal. He wanted to become an actor after watching Laurence Olivier's movie "Henry V" (1944). He learned acting as an apprentice with the Montreal Repertory Theatre. Plummer never went to college or university, something he wished he did. Later in life, McGill University gave an honorary degree to Plummer.

In 1946, the "Montreal Gazette"s theatre critic Herbert Whittaker liked Plummer's role as Mr Darcy in a Montreal High School play of "Pride and Prejudice". Whittaker was also a stage director and he hired Plummer at age 18 to play Oedipus in Jean Cocteau's "La Machine Infernale".

Plummer started acting in 1948 with Ottawa's Stage Society. In 1952, he was in many stage works with the Bermudiana Theatre in Bermuda. While working there, he was hired by an American producer. Edward Everett Horton hired Plummer to play Gerard in the 1953 play of André Roussin's "Nina".

Plummer had his first Broadway role in January 1953 in "The Starcross Story". His next Broadway role, "Home is the Hero", lasted from September to October 1954. Plummer was Tyrone Power's understudy. After acting in "Night of the Auk", Plummer was in Elia Kazan's Broadway play "J.B.". He played Jason in Robinson Jeffers' version of "Medea" in Paris in 1955. Also in 1955, he played Mark Antony in "Julius Caesar". He also played Ferdinand in "The Tempest" at the American Shakespeare Festival.

Plummer began acting at the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in 1956. He played the main character in "Henry V". He played the main role in "Hamlet" and Sir Andrew Aguecheek in "Twelfth Night" in 1957. The next year, he played Leontes in "The Winter's Tale", Bardolph in "Henry IV, Part 1", and Benedick in "Much Ado About Nothing".

In April 1961, he played Benedick in "Much Ado About Nothing" with the Royal Shakespeare Company at the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon, England. He later played the main character of "Richard III" a month later. He played King Henry II in Jean Anouilh's "Becket". For his role, Plummer won the Evening Standard Award for Best Actor.

At the Stratford Festival, he played Philip the Bastard in "King John" and Mercutio in "Romeo and Juliet". In 1962, he played the main roles in both "Cyrano de Bergerac" and "Macbeth". He returned in 1967 to play Mark Antony in "Antony and Cleopatra".

Plummer played the main role in a 1963 play of Bertolt Brecht's "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui". He was also in Peter Shaffer's "The Royal Hunt of the Sun", playing Francisco Pizarro. Many critics liked Plummer's roles as Ui and Pizarro.

From June 1971 to January 1972, he worked for the Royal National Theatre. He acted in Jean Giraudoux's "Amphitryon 38" directed by Laurence Olivier; Georg Büchner's "Danton's Death"; Adrian Mitchell's "Tyger"; Luigi Pirandello's "The Rules of the Game"; and Eugene O'Neill's "Long Day's Journey into Night" at the New Theatre in London. From May to June 1973, he was on Broadway. He played the main character in "Cyrano". It was a musical version of Edmond Rostand's 1897 play "Cyrano de Bergerac". Plummer won a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award for that role. Later that year, he played Anton Chekhov in Neil Simon's "The Good Doctor". He played Quentin in Arthur Miller's 1974 version of "After the Fall".

Plummer was in "Lovers and Madmen" at the Opera House at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. in 1973. He also appeared in "Love and Master Will" at the same place in 1975.
In 1982, he was in the Broadway play of the Shakespearean tragedy "Othello", playing Iago. His role as the main villain had positive reviews from critics, such as "The New York Times". For his role, he got a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play nomination losing to Roger Rees.

In 1988, he played the main role in Broadway's "Macbeth". He also had positive reviews for his role as the main character. He worked with Jason Robards in the 1994 version of Harold Pinter's "No Man's Land". For his role in "No Man's Land", Plummer was nominated for a Tony Award.

Plummer became well known for playing actor John Barrymore in the 1997 Broadway play of William Luce's "Barrymore". He had many positive reviews from critics. Vincent Canby of "The New York Times" called Plummer a great actor. His role as Barrymore, gave Plummer his second Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award.

In 2002, he appeared in "King Lear", directed by Jonathan Miller. The play had strong positive reviews. He was nominated for a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award for his role in "King Lear". He also got a Tony Award nomination for playing Henry Drummond in the 2007 version of "Inherit the Wind". He played Julius Caesar in George Bernard Shaw's "Caesar and Cleopatra". The play was filmed and shown in Canadian movie theaters on January 31, 2009. In 2009 and 2010, Plummer was in two Stratford Festival plays of Shaw's "Caesar and Cleopatra" and William Shakespeare's "The Tempest". Plummer returned to the Stratford Festival in the summer of 2010 in "The Tempest" where he played Prospero. In 2014, Plummer presented a stage play "A Word or Two" in Los Angeles.

Plummer's movie career began in 1958 when Sidney Lumet hired him as a young writer in "Stage Struck". That same year, Plummer played the main character in Nicholas Ray's movie "Wind Across the Everglades". Plummer did not appear in any other movie for six years after 1958. He returned to acting to play Roman emperor Commodus in Anthony Mann's "The Fall of the Roman Empire" (1964).

Plummer became well known for his role as Captain Von Trapp in Robert Wise's musical movie "The Sound of Music" (1965). Plummer however, said the movie was "so awful and sentimental and gooey". The movie made the most money than any other movie since "Gone with the Wind". Plummer hated being on the movie, but liked working with Julie Andrews. During his career, he tried not to talk about the movie. He did not show up at the 40th Anniversary cast reunion. He did talk about the movie for the 2005 DVD release. He appeared for the 45th anniversary with the full cast on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" on October 28, 2010. In one interview he said that he had great memories of making the movie.

He was in "Inside Daisy Clover" (1965) and then played World War II agent Eddie Chapman in "Triple Cross" (1966). He had a role as Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in "The Night of the Generals" (1967). Plummer replaced Rex Harrison for the movie version of "Doctor Dolittle". However, Harrison later came back for the movie. Plummer was paid $87,500 for signing the contract.

Plummer had the main role in "Oedipus the King" (1968) and "The High Commissioner" (1968). He was later in "Battle of Britain" (1969) and "Lock Up Your Daughters" (1969). That same year, he played Inca Emperor Atahualpa in "The Royal Hunt of the Sun". Plummer played the Duke of Wellington in "Waterloo" (1970) with Rod Steiger as Napoleon Bonaparte. He played Rudyard Kipling in "The Man Who Would Be King" (1975). He was also in the comedy "The Return of the Pink Panther" (1975), with Peter Sellers and "The Silent Partner" (1978). He was in "Aces High" (1976), "Starcrash" (1978), and "International Velvet" (1978). He played Sherlock Holmes in "Murder by Decree" (1979).
Plummer was in the romantic drama "Somewhere in Time" (1980), the drama "Eyewitness" (1981), and the comedy "Dragnet" (1987). Plummer also did some voice work. He voiced Henri the pigeon in "An American Tail" (1986) and the Grand Duke of Owls in "Rock-a-Doodle" (1991).

Plummer was in "" (1991). He was also in Spike Lee's drama biographical movie "Malcolm X" (1992), Mike Nichols' horror drama "Wolf" (1994), Taylor Hackford's psychological drama "Dolores Claiborne" (1995), and Terry Gilliam's science fiction drama "12 Monkeys" (1995). One of Plummer's most well known roles was as journalist Mike Wallace in Michael Mann's "The Insider" (1999). Plummer later played Dr. Rosen in Ron Howard's Academy Award-winning movie "A Beautiful Mind" (2001). He played Uncle Ralph in the 2002 movie version of Charles Dickens novel "Nicholas Nickleby". He also played the philosopher Aristotle in "Alexander" (2004). Plummer was wanted for the role of Gandalf for "The Lord of the Rings" movie series. He did not want the role.

In 2004, Plummer played John Adams Gates in the Disney adventure movie "National Treasure". In 2005, he appeared in Stephen Gaghan's drama "Syriana", the romantic comedy "Must Love Dogs", and Terrence Malick's drama "The New World". Plummer did not like working with Malick on "The New World". He called Malick "boring" and told him to get a writer instead of Malick doing everything. He played Arthur Case in another Spike Lee's movie called "Inside Man" (2006). That same year, he was in the romantic drama "The Lake House" (2006). In 2009, Plummer voiced the main villain Charles Muntz in Pixar's animated movie "Up". Muntz character design was inspired by Plummer. That same year he also had a voice role in "9" playing 1.

In January 2010, Plummer got his first Academy Award nomination for his role as author Leo Tolstoy in "The Last Station" (2009). In an interview about his Academy Award nomination, Plummer said: "Well, I said it's about time! I mean, I'm 80 years old, for God's sake. Have mercy". He lost the Academy Award to Christoph Waltz.

Plummer had a role in David Fincher's "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", playing businessman Henrik Vanger. Plummer got his second nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Hal in Mike Mills' independent comedy drama movie "Beginners" (2011). In the role, Plummer played a dying 80-year old who recently came out as gay to his son. He won the Academy Award for his role in "Beginners" at age 82. At the time, this made Plummer the oldest actor to win an Academy Award. In 2021, Anthony Hopkins won an Academy Award at age 83, beating Plummer's record. His Academy Award also made Plummer one of the few actors and only Canadian to win the Triple Crown of Acting. In 2014, he appeared with Shirley MacLaine in the comedy-drama "Elsa & Fred". In 2015, he was in "Remember" as a Holocaust survivor with dementia. Plummer played Ebenezer Scrooge in "The Man Who Invented Christmas" (2017).

In November 2017, Plummer was hired to replace Kevin Spacey as J. Paul Getty in "All the Money in the World". He was director Ridley Scott's first choice for the role, but TriStar Pictures wanted a more well known actor for the role. Plummer was hired because Spacey had been accused of sexual harassment and sexual assault. All scenes that had Spacey were filmed again with Plummer. This happened a few weeks before the movie's release. For his role, Plummer earned Golden Globe, BAFTA, and Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actor. Plummer, at age 89, became the oldest actor to be nominated for an Academy Award.

Plummer had a role in Rian Johnson's mystery thriller movie "Knives Out" (2019) as rich mystery writer Harlan Thrombey. Plummer also played Frank Pitsenbarger in the war drama "The Last Full Measure" (2020), in his final movie role. In 2021 before his death, Plummer was hired to play the main character for a movie version of Shakespeare's "King Lear".

Plummer had his first television role in 1953 for Canadian Broadcasting Corporation version of "Othello". He was also in a 1953 "Studio One" episode "The Gathering Night". In the 1950s, he appeared in "The Alcoa Hour", "General Electric Theater", "Kraft Television Theatre", and "Omnibus". In 1956, he was in an episode of CBS's "Appointment with Adventure".

He was in the live television drama "Little Moon of Alban". He got his first Emmy Award nomination for this role. He played Torvald Helmer in a 1959 television movie version of Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's House". Plummer had a role in the television version of Philip Barry's "The Philadelphia Story" (1959). In 1964, his role as Gloomy Dane in the BBC's "Hamlet at Elsinore" got him his second Emmy nomination. He played Hamlet in "Hamlet at Elsinore".

He played Herod Antipas in the television miniseries "Jesus of Nazareth" (1977). Plummer played Herbert Kappler in the television movie "The Scarlet and the Black". He had a role in the television series "The Thorn Birds". From 1993 to 1995, he narrated the animated television series "Madeline" and won an Emmy Award for his voice work. He also narrated the animated television series "The World of David the Gnome".

In 2000, Plummer played Sir David Maxwell Fyfe in the Emmy Award-winning "Nuremberg" (2000). That same year he was in "American Tragedy" as F. Lee Bailey. He was in "Miracle Planet", and a documentary by Ric Burns about Eugene O'Neill. He got an Emmy Award nomination for his role in the television movie version of the play "On Golden Pond". Plummer voiced Arngeir, speaker for the Greybeards, in the video game "".

At the age of 89, he appeared in a main role in "Departure". It was a Canadian-British television series. Plummer returned for season 2, but worked from home because of the COVID-19 pandemic. He finished filming for the second season before his death.

Plummer married Tammy Grimes in 1956. Their marriage lasted four years. They had a daughter together, actress Amanda Plummer. Plummer was married to journalist Patricia Lewis from 1962, until their divorce in 1967. He later married actress Elaine Taylor in 1970. They lived together in Weston, Connecticut. He used to live in Darien, Connecticut before moving to Weston. Plummer had no children by his second or third marriages.

In 1968, Plummer was honored as a Companion of the Order of Canada. His memoir, "In Spite of Myself", was published in November 2008. Plummer supported the Theatre Museum Canada and donated money to keep the museum open.

Plummer died at his home in Weston, Connecticut on February 5, 2021 at the age of 91. He died two and a half weeks after a fall where he hit his head. Plummer's wife Elaine said that he had died "peacefully" when she was at his side. Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau said that there is "no doubt [that] his work will continue to inspire and entertain us all for years to come". He called Plummer an "iconic actor".

"The Sound of Music" actress Julie Andrews said that "The world has lost a [great] actor today and I have lost a [good] friend".

Ana de Armas, Jamie Lee Curtis, Katherine Langford, Rian Johnson, Chris Evans, Don Johnson, William Shatner, Anne Hathaway, Elijah Wood, Vera Farmiga, Ed Asner, Ridley Scott, Spike Lee, Simon Pegg, Kate Beckinsale, Antonio Banderas, Leonard Maltin, Daniel Dae Kim, George Takei, Russell Crowe, Bruce Greenwood and Joseph Gordon-Levitt also reacted to his death.

A postage stamp honoring Plummer was released by Canada Post on October 13, 2021.


Jeffrey Tambor

Jeffrey Michael Tambor (born July 8, 1944) is an American actor and voice artist. He is known for his role as Hank Knigsley on "The Larry Sanders Show", King Atlantis in "SpongeBob SquarePants", and as George Bluth, Sr. and Oscar Bluth on "Arrested Development". He won a Golden Globe Award and an Emmy Award in 2015.

Tambor was married to Kathryn Mitchell from 1991 until they divorced in 1999. He is currently married to Kasia Ostlun since 2001 and have 4 children together.

Bill Cobbs

Wilbert "Bill" Cobbs (born June 16, 1934) is an American movie and television actor. He has starred in over 120 movies and television programs.

Cobbs was born on June 16, 1934 in Cleveland, Ohio. Cobbs is the second cousin of the late African American actor James Baskett.

Cobbs career began during 1973 in the movie "Santa Buddies: The Legend of Santa Paws". He is known for his role in "The Bodyguard". Cobbs latest appearance was in "The Muppets" (2011) and in "Oz the Great and Powerful" (2013). Cobbs is not married and lives in Los Angeles, California and in New York City, New York. Cobbs continues to act.

World line

A world line is the unique path that an object has as it travels through both space and time, usually called spacetime. As we learn from special relativity, the faster an object goes, the more time slows down for that object. As you can see in the illustration to the right, the slower object has a quicker passage of time than the very fast object, the one which time passes much more slowly for. When an object reaches the speed of light, it will be zero on the "t" axis, meaning that it will have made no progress in the time direction. Basically, the world lines show that when the speed of light is reached, time stops for the observer. World lines are very often used in theoretical physics and special relativity, as well as general relativity.

The concept of world lines is used widely in theoretical physics, for it shows some interesting facts about high-speed motion. For example, the time dilation equation presented by Albert Einstein is algebraically undefined when an object's velocity is the speed of light, but using world lines one can find that when the speed is the speed of light, time will stop. Although Einstein's equation (for time dilation) does show that an object going faster than light goes backward in time, the same concept can be described using world lines.

Vase in the Form of a Phallus

Vase in the Form of a Phallus is an ancient Greek terracotta vase in the form of a flaccid, uncircumcised, penis. The scrotum and pubic hair are depicted. Its overall measurements are 4 ½ 4 3 ½ (11.4 10.2 8.9 ). It dates back to the Archaic period, about 550 BC to 500 BC. Phallic vases are rare in Archaic Greek pottery, and this vase is thought to have held a perfumed oil, used for erotic or medicinal purposes. It is also believed to have been made in Rhodes. The museum writes that the vase displays a playfulness typical of Greek art.

Noureddine Morceli

Noureddine Morceli (born February 28, 1970 in Ténès, Chlef Province) is a retired Algerian athlete. He won the 1500 m run at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He won the silver medal in the 1500 m at the World Junior Championships in 1988. Morceli went to college in Riverside, California.

Morceli was coached by his brother Abderrahmane. His brother ran for Algeria in the Moscow Olympics of 1980 and in Los Angeles in 1984.

Mohamed Bahari

Mohamed Bahari (born June 29, 1976 in Sidi Bel Abbes, Algeria) is a boxer from Algeria.

Bahari won the bronze medal in the middleweight division (71–75 kg) at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Bahari became a professional boxer in 2003. His last fight was in 2004. He retired with a record of 3-2-2.

George Ryan

George Homer Ryan, Sr. (born February 24 1934) is an American politician. He is a Republican. He was the former Governor of Illinois. He is a member for the United States Republican Party. His political career was tarnished due to scandals and corruption: Ryan was found guilty on almost all charges and sent to prison. He was released in 2013. Ryan was Illinois' Governor beginning 1999 until 2003. He is listed as Federal Inmate Number 16627-424, and was scheduled July 4, 2013. He was released in June 2013.

Nouria Mérah-Benida

Nouria Mérah-Benida (born October 19, 1970 in Algiers) is an Algerian middle distance runner.

At the 1999 All-Africa Games in Johannesburg Mérah-Benida won silver medals in both 800 metres and 1500 metres. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney she won the gold medal. In 2000 she also won an 800 m silver medal and a 1500 m gold medal at the African Championships.

Ali Saïdi-Sief

Ali Saidi-Sief (born March 15, 1978 in Constantine) is an Algerian Olympic runner. His speciality is the 1500 m race. He won a silver medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics for the 5000 m.

Saidi-Sief received a two-year suspension from the International Association of Athletics Federations. He failed a urine test at the 2001 World Championships in Athletics in Edmonton, Canada. He tested positive for nandrolone, a banned performance-enhancing steroid.

Djabir Saïd-Guerni

Djabir Saïd-Guerni (born March 29, 1977 in Algiers) is an Algerian retired athlete. He ran in the 800 metres. He won a bronze medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics.

He announced his retirement on 6 May 2007, following injury problems. His personal best time was 1:43.09 minutes. He got this in September 1999 in Brussels.



Abderrahmane Hammad

Abderrahmane Hammad Zaheer (born May 27, 1977 in Dellys) is a former Algerian track and field athlete. He was in the high jump. He won the bronze medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was also in the 2004 Athens Olympics. His personal best of 2.34 m is the Algerian record for the event. He retired from the sport in 2010.

Hammad began his international career as a junior in 1994. He won the high jump silver medals at the African Junior Athletics Championships and Pan Arab Junior Championships. He went on to win the African Junior gold medal the following year. Then he won the Arab Junior title in 1996. He was at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics but did not make it into the final round.

Hammad had his first international success at senior level in 1997. He won the silver at both the Pan Arab Championships and the 1997 Pan Arab Games.

The 2000 season was the top of his career. He kept his title at the 2000 African Championships in Athletics in Algiers. He made his areer best jump of 2.34 m. He then was in his first Olympicss at the 2000 Sydney Games. He won the bronze medal. He won the high jump at the 2001 Mediterranean Games. He was ninth at the 2001 World Championships in Athletics. He won his third high jump title in a row at the 2002 African Championships in Athletics. He took bronze at the 2002 IAAF Grand Prix Final. He placed fourth for Africa at the 2002 IAAF World Cup.

He represented Algeria for a second time at the Olympics at the 2004 Games in Athens. He failed to reach the final. He was at the 2004 Pan Arab Games and took the high jump title.


Mohamed Allalou

Mohamed Allalou (born September 28, 1973) is an Algerian boxer. He was in the Men's Light Welterweight division at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He won the bronze medal. He was also in the 1996 Summer Olympics.




Epiktetos

Epiktetos was an ancient Greek potter and vase painter. His name means "newly acquired". He may have been a slave, as were most potters and painters in ancient Greece. He worked mostly with cups and plates between 520 and 490 BC in the red-figure style. He signed more than half his works. He was an expert with the "tondo"the circular picture at the bottom of a cup. He painted mostly everyday scenes rather than mythological ones. His end is unknown.


Soraya Haddad

Soraya Haddad (born September 30, 1984 in El-Kseur) is an Algerian judoka. She won the bronze medal in the Women's 52 kg weight class at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was African champion four times: 2004, 2005, 2008 and 2011. She also won the bronze medal in the 48 kg category in the 2005 World Championships in Egypt. 

Amar Benikhlef

Amar Benikhlef (born 11 January 1982) is an Algerian judoka. He won the silver medal in the 90 kg group of Judo in 2008.


Kalos inscription

A "kalos" inscription is a marking on ancient Greek pottery. They were prevalent during the Classical period (550 to 450 BC). "Kalos" (καλός) means "beautiful", and in these inscriptions it had an erotic meaning. The word kalos was followed by the beloved's nameusually a youth, but sometimes a girl or woman working as a prostitute. These inscriptions are usually found on the drinking cups used during a drinking party. They were probably declarations of love. They are sometimes found as graffiti on walls.

Koji Murofushi

Murofushi was born in Numazu, Shizuoka Prefecture. His family were international sports competitors. His early interest in the hammer was encouarged by his father, Shigenobu Murofushi, who is an Olympic athlete and Asian Games champion. He is the brother of Yuka Murofushi, who is also an Olympian. 

Murofushi won the gold medal in the hammer throw at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

He won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.



Lachesis (genus)

Lachesis, also known as the "bushmasters", is a genus of venomous Pit vipers found in forests of Central and South America. The name ""Lachesis"" is also the name of one of the Three Fates in Greek mythology. There are currently three species found.

Adult bushmasters can grow up to the length of 2 meters (6.5 ft) to 2.5 meters (8.25 ft), but there have been some which have grown up to the length of 3 meters (10 ft). The largest one ever found was 3.65 meters (12 ft) long, making the bushmasters the longest venomous snakes in the Western Hemisphere and the longest vipers in the world. They are not the heaviest vipers in the world, but adults usually weigh up to 3 to 5 kg (6.6 to 11 Ib). 

Bushmasters are found in forest areas of Central and South America. They are also found on the island Trinidad

Bushmasters are oviparous: they lay eggs. This makes bushmasters different to other pit vipers found in the New World, because other pit vipers are viviparous, they give live birth instead of laying eggs. A female can lay around a dozen eggs at a time. The female stays with her eggs until they have hatched and may attack any predator that comes near the nest.

The bushmasters are one of the largest and dangerous snakes in South America, and can inject a large amount of venom into their enemies. Even young bushmaster's bites are harmful, but bushmasters are nocturnal (they are active at night), so not a lot of people have been bitten by them.


Leonid Yengibarov

Leonid Georgievich Yengibarov (; ; March 15, 1935 – July 25, 1972) was a Soviet clown and actor.

Yengibarov was born in Moscow. His father was Armenian. His mother was Russian. He started his career as a boxer. In 1955 he joined the State School of Circus Art. After graduation in 1959 he moved to Yerevan and joined the Armenian state circus.

He was one of the first Soviet clowns to create the poetic, intellectual clownery. He was invited to work in cinema. His first film was "A Path to the Arena".

In 1960s he was known as one of the best clowns in the USSR and Eastern bloc. He created a pantomime troupe, and managed to stage only a single piece, "Star Rain" before his death in 1972.

Wife: Jarmila Galamkova

Daughter: Barbara Yengibarova (Born in 1965)


Films about him

Great Sandy Desert

The Great Sandy Desert is a desert in the northwest of Australia, mostly in Western Australia. It is the second-largest desert in Australia (after the Great Victoria Desert). It covers about . South of the Great Sandy Desert is the Gibson Desert, and to the east is the Tanami Desert.

There are not many people living in the Great Sandy Desert. Most of them are Aboriginal communities and mining towns. The Aboriginal people of the desert fall into two main groups: the Martu in the west and the Pintupi in the east. They both speak Western Desert languages.

The area does not get much rain, but even in the driest parts rainfalls rarely drop below . The rate of evaporation (how quickly the water dries up) is very high. Most of the rain comes from thunderstorms. Many drought years end with a monsoon or tropical cyclone. On average for most of the area, there are about 20-30 days where thunderstorms form.

Most of the plants growing across the Great Sandy Desert are spinifex grasses. Animals living in the desert include dingos, red kangaroo, monitor lizards, bilbies, marsupial mole, thorny devils, bearded dragons and many other species of lizard.

The first European to cross the desert was Peter Warburton. He made the journey from Alice Springs leaving in April 1873 and arriving at De Grey Station in January 1874. When Warburton arrived, he was starving and blind in one eye. He thanked his survival on his Aboriginal companion Charley. 

The Disrobing of Christ (painting)

The Disrobing of Christ is an oil painting by El Greco. It was completed in the spring of 1579 for the High Altar of the sacristy of the Cathedral of Toledo, where it still hangs. It measures 285 x 173cm. Harold Wethey says that the painting is a "masterpiece of extraordinary originality". The power of the picture depends upon El Greco's original and forceful use of color.

Azemiopinae

Azemiopinae, commonly known as the ""Fea's vipers"", is a monotypic subfamily made for a monotypic genus, "Azemiops", which contains the venomous viper, Azemiops Feae. It is found on the mountains of Southeast Asia.

The Feas's vipers can grow up to the length of 77 cm. They are blueish-gray or black in color with orange crossbands, the head is orange while the chin and throat is yellow, it also has yellow eyes.

The Fea's viper is found in northern Vietnam, southern China, south-east Myanmar, and south-east Tibet. In China the Fea's viper is found in Fujien, Guangxi, Jiangxi, Kweichow, Sichuan, Yunnan, Zhejiang.

The Fea's viper is found on mountains which have an altitude of 1000 meters. It prefers to live in cool climates which have an average temperature of 18-25 °C. In Vietnam it is found in bamboo forests.

The Fea's viper is said to be nocturnal, but some people say that it crepuscular, and it hibernates in the winter. When disturbed, the Fea's viper flattens its body to make it look wider, and opens its mouth widely to show its fangs, giving its head a triangular shape. It sometimes also vibrates it tail. Fea's vipers are said to eat small mammals.

Parable of the Prodigal Son

The Parable of the Prodigal Son is one of the parables of Jesus. It is found only in the Gospel of Luke at 15:11-32. The parable is about a son who wastes his share of his father's estate. He loses all his money and gets work feeding pigs—one of the lowest jobs a person can do according to the Jewish religion. He repents and returns to his father's house. He is welcomed and a feast is held. His older, dutiful brother who has worked without reward for his father resents the fuss made over the prodigal son. His father reminds him that all he has is his. He says they should still celebrate the return of the younger boy because he has come back to them. In the Western Catholic church, this parable is usually read on the third Sunday of Lent. In the Eastern Orthodox Church it is read on the "Sunday of the Prodigal Son". The parable is the subject of much art, music, literature, and stage works.

This is the last of three parables about loss and redemption. It follows the Parable of the Lost Sheep and the Parable of the Lost Coin. Jesus tells this parable after the Pharisees and religious leaders accuse him of welcoming and eating with "sinners." The father's joy described in the parable reflects divine love, the "boundless mercy of God," and "God's refusal to limit the measure of his grace."

Parable of the Mustard Seed

The Parable of the Mustard Seed is one of the parables of Jesus. It is found in three of the Gospels of the New Testament: Gospel of Matthew (13:31–32), Gospel of Mark (4:30–32), and Gospel of Luke (13:18–19). The differences among the three tellings are minor. 

In Matthew and Luke, this parable is followed by the Parable of the Leaven. The Parable of the Leaven also has a theme about the Kingdom of Heaven growing from small beginnings. A version of the parable also occurs in the non-canonical Gospel of Thomas 20.

The parable from Matthew reads: "The Kingdom of Heaven is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field; which indeed is smaller than all seeds. But when it is grown, it is greater than the herbs, and becomes a tree, so that the birds of the air come and lodge in its branches." The parables from Mark and Luke are similar.

Parable of the Lost Sheep

The Parable of the Lost Sheep is one of the parables of Jesus. It is found in the Gospel of Matthew at 18:12–14 and the Gospel of Luke at 15:3–7. It also appears in the non-canonical Gospel of Thomas. The parable is one of three that tell of loss and redemption. The others are The Lost Coin and The Prodigal Son. The Lost Sheep tells of a shepherd who leaves his 99 sheep to search for one sheep that is lost. Joel B. Green writes that "these parables are ... about God, ... their aim is to lay bare the nature of the divine response to the recovery of the lost." The parable has been depicted often in art.

Brandenburg Gate (Potsdam)

The Brandenburg Gate () on the "Luisenplatz" in Potsdam, should not be confused with the gate of the same name on Berlin's "Pariser Platz", it was built in 1770/71 by Carl von Gontard and Georg Christian Unger by order of Frederick II of Prussia. It stands at the western end of "Brandenburger Straße", which runs in a straight line up to the Church of St. Peter and St. Paul.

Previously, from 1733, there was another, simpler gate on the same spot, which resembled a castle gateway. Together with the city wall, a form of toll barrier, and the other gates it was intended to prevent desertion and smuggling.

Towards the end of the Seven Years' War, Frederick the Great had the old gate demolished and built, in its stead, this new Brandenburg Gate, as a symbol of his victory.

Since the city wall was demolished around 1900 the Brandenburg Gate has been a free-standing structure.


List of amphibians

This is a list of amphibians by family

Total 6771 species

Total 5966 species

Total 619 species

Total 186 species


Frogs as pets

Frogs have become a popular exotic pet. They can be kept in basic conditions, compared to reptiles. They are not expensive and their food is easily purchased. Common pet frogs includes ranids, hylids, bufonids, leptodactylids, and dendrobatids.

Pet frogs can be fed a lot of different live foods. These include crickets, rodents and fish. Small pet frogs will only eat crickets, fruit flies, springtails and other small arthropods. Medium-sized pet frogs can be fed larger crickets, mealworms, butterworms, silkworms, grasshoppers and small fish. Large pet frogs like "Ceratophrys" can be fed small fish, other frogs, reptiles, and small mammals such as mice or rats.

Amphibians of all sizes would need different terrariums. Tree frogs like to climb and can escape if a pet owner does not add a top cover for their tanks. Semi-aquatic amphibians need both land and water divided in the tank. Tropical frogs would need mist and high humidity in their terrariums. All water for amphibians must be dechlorinated. The chlorine can kill amphibians, and may be in tap water. Many amphibians are popular exotic pets and are found in some pet stores.

Bombinatoridae

Bombinatoridae or fire-bellied toads is a family of toads. It includes two genus "Barbourula" and "Bombina". They have bright colors which means that they are toxic.

Family Bombinatoridae

Debbie Allen

Deborrah Kaye "Debbie" Allen (born January 16, 1950, Houston ) is an American dancer, actress and television producer. She also taught choreography and acted in Broadway plays.

Ascaphidae

Ascaphidae is a family of frogs. They are called tailed frogs because they have an organ that looks like a tail. The tail helps them to live in fast-moving streams. They live in North America.



Pipidae

The Pipidae is a family of frogs. They do not have tongues. There are over 30 species of Pipidae frogs. They are found in tropical places in South America and Africa.

Family Pipidae


African bullfrog

The African bullfrog ("Pyxicephalus adspersus") is a species of frog. They are in the Ranidae family. They are commonly named pixie frog because of their Latin name. They are found in Angola, Botswana, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Eswatini, Tanzania, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo. They live in dry savannas, subtropical or tropical habitats. Males are bigger and longer than females.


Twyla Tharp

Twyla Tharp (born July 1 1941) is an American dancer and choreographer. She lives and works in New York City. 

Her work often uses classical music, jazz, and contemporary pop music. In 1973, Tharp choreographed the ballet "Deuce Coupe" to the music of The Beach Boys. It is considered to be the first crossover ballet. Later she choreographed "Push Comes to Shove". That ballet featured Mikhail Baryshnikov and is now thought to be the best example of the crossover ballet.

Tharp has choreographed dances for many important ballet companies around the world. She also has had success on Broadway. In 1985, her staging of "Singin' in the Rain," played at the Gershwin for 367 performances. Her dance musical "Movin' Out" ran for 1,331 performances on Broadway. The musical is set to the music and lyrics of Billy Joel. It received 10 Tony Award nominations and Tharp was named Best Choreographer. 

Twyla Tharp received two Emmy Awards, 19 honorary doctorates, the Vietnam Veterans of America President’s Award, the 2004 National Medal of the Arts.

Tharp was inducted into the Academy of Achievement in 1993.

She was named a Kennedy Center Honoree for 2008.


Chytridiomycosis

Chytridiomycosis is a disease that can kill amphibians, for example frogs. A fungus causes it. THe chytrid fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" causes the disease. The animals can catch it from each other. Chytridiomycosis one reason why there are fewer amphibians on Earth than there were. The fungus has decreased the amphibian population by 30% worldwide. Many spcies are now extict because they died of chitridiomycosis. In some species, only a few animals die, but in other species, they all die. This is called 100% mortality. There is no cure. 


Temnospondyl

Temnospondyls are an order of small to giant batrachomorph tetrapods. They lived worldwide from the Carboniferous to the Triassic. A few species continued into the Lower Cretaceous.

The Temnospondyls are similar or identical to the Labyrinthodonts minus the Lepospondyls. It is probably an evolutionary grade, not monophyletic. It is convenient to use, because all these early amphibia were so different from present-day amphibia. Many in the early Permian looked more like reptiles because they were adapted to life in a drier climate. Nevertheless, they were amphibians, and many larval stages have been found.

They are a large group of some 40 families and 160 genera. Fossils have been found on every continent. Their evolutionary history spans 210 million years. During this time, they adapted to a wide range of habitats including fresh water, terrestrial, and even coastal marine environments.

Fossils are known from the larval stage, metamorphosis, and maturity. Most temnospondyls were semiaquatic, although some were almost fully terrestrial, returning to the water only to breed. These temnospondyls were some of the first vertebrates fully adapted to life on land. Although temnospondyls are considered amphibians, many had characteristics such as scales, claws, and armour-like bony plates which modern amphibians do not have.

The youngest known temnospondyl is the Australian Koolasuchus that lived about 120 million years ago during the Early Cretaceous.


Lepospondyl

The Lepospondyli are a large group of batrachomorph tetrapods from the Palaeozoic era. They are sometimes included in the Labyrinthodonts. 

They lived during the Carboniferous to the early Permian. There are six different groups. The Acherontiscidae, Adelospondyli, Aïstopoda, Lysorophia, Microsauria and Nectridea. The included species which looked somewhat like newts, eels, snakes and lizards. Some of them were aquatic, semi-aquatic, and terrestrial animals. None of them were big animals.


Peltobatrachus

Peltobatrachus (from Greek pelte, meaning shield and batrakhos, meaning frog) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibians from the late Permian period of Tanzania. They were large and slow-moving animals. They reached 70 centimeters (2.3 ft) in length. They were terrestrial amphibians. They only went back to the water to lay their eggs. They eat insects, worms and snails.

Terrestrial animal

A terrestrial animal is an animal that lives on land such as dog, cat, an ant or an emu. It can also be used for some species of amphibians that only go back to the water to lay their eggs. It is usually a term to describe the difference between animals that live in water, (such as lobsters and fish), from animals that live on land.


Sister group

A sister group or sister taxon is a term used to describe the closest relatives of an organism (or other taxon) in a phylogenetic tree. It is a term in cladistics.

The sister group of organism A is B. The sister group of the clade B+A, is C.

Reptiliomorpha

Reptiliomorpha is a clade of the amniotes and those tetrapods that share a more recent common ancestor with amniotes than with living amphibians (lissamphibians).

Unfortunately, different experts have used the term in several different ways. It has even been used for fossils of early amphibians. It is best used for animals which lay cleidoic eggs, but are not synapsids. Otherwise precursors of reptiles (sauropsids) get lumped together with precursors of mammals (synapsids).

Its only justification is that it may not always be possible to decide which group a fossil is from. But gradually, as with "Seymouria", it is possible to separate fossils into more specific grouups.

Youth Riding a Hippalektryon (Epiktetos)

Youth Riding a Hippalektryon is a circular painting (tondo) in the bottom of the bowl of an ancient Greek terracotta drinking cup. It was painted by Epiktetos. It is dated to the Archaic period of Greek art (ca. 530–520 BC). The cup stands about 5 1/8 in. (13 cm) tall. A hippalektryon is a mythical creature, part horse and part rooster. The cup is held in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The museum writes, "Late sixth-century vases connected with drinking occasionally have subjects that go beyond the familiar gorgons, griffins, or sphinxes. The hippalektryon belongs to this category. It is interesting to compare this piece to the fine early red-figure plate by Epiktetos showing a youth riding a rooster."

Spy-fi

The genre known as Spy-fi is a cross-over between the genres of spy fiction and science fiction. The story usually involves a spy with advanced technological weapons or gadgets, and sometimes the villain is a mad scientist or evil genius with robots or advanced technological weapons and gadgets. The film and novel series "James Bond" was a popularizer of the genre, as well as such TV shows as The Man from UNCLE, , and I Spy.

Amanda Marshall

Amanda Marshall (born August 29, 1972) is a Canadian pop-rock singer. Her self-titled first record was in 1995. It was a major success in Canada. Her most successful single was "Birmingham". Marshall has released many singles. She has not had a studio album since around 2001.

Singing Reveler (Epiktetos)

Singing Reveler is the tondo (circular painting) in a terracotta drinking cup said to have been painted by Epiktetos. It is dated about 520510 BC. The cup measures 3 1/16 x 9 15/16 x 7 1/16 to 7 3/16 in. The cup is in the collections of The J. Paul Getty Museum.

The tondo depicts an older, balding man reclining on a couch and singing. The setting is probably a drinking party ("symposium"). These cups were meant to be used at such parties and were often decorated with party scenes. 

The tondo presented problems to painters. It was difficult to present upright figures in a circle. Epiktetos solved this problem by using the couch as a line. The man's mantle slipping from the couch creates depth and space. The museum writes, "Epiktetos also used the circular frame of the tondo as part of the composition: it supports the man's pillow, and he props his foot on it."

Pentathletes (Carpenter Painter)

Pentathletes is a painting on an ancient Greek terracotta drinking cup from Athens. It is said to be the work of the Carpenter Painter. It is dated about 510500 BC. The cup measures 4 5/16 x 15 x 13 3/16 in. In the circular painting (tondo) at the bottom of the bowl of the cup, a youth pulls an older man to him for a kiss. The outside of the cup depicts bearded men and youths exercising with discus and javelin. A youth in a long robe plays music. The pictures reflect the interests of the aristocrats who would have used such a cup at a drinking party.

Salt pan

A salt plain (also known as a salt pan or salt flat) is a flat area of ground covered with salt and other minerals. They are usually purely white. They are found in desert areas. In areas where salt plains form, the rate of evaporation (how quickly water dries up) is faster than the rate of precipitation (how often rain falls). A salt plain is formed where a lake or pond would otherwise be found. When the water dries up, the minerals stay left behind on the suface of the ground. Over thousands of years, the minerals (usually salts) build up on the surface.

Large salt plains are common in the Sahara Desert, the Kalahari Desert, the Rann of Kutch, the western United States and the central deserts of Australia. The Altiplano in Bolivia has the world's largest salt plan, the Salar de Uyuni.


Witchetty grub

A witchetty grub (also spelled witchety grub or witjuti grub) is the large, white larva of a moth. It is a name used in Australia. Normally, it refers to the larvae of the cossid moth "Endoxyla leucomochla", found in central Australia. These moths eat the roots of the witchetty bush (a plant named after the grubs). It is also sometimes used to refer to the larvae of other cossid moths, as well as those of ghost moths (Hepialidae). It is used mainly when the larvae are being thought of as food. Because it contains a lot of protein, the grub is the most important insect food of the desert. It was a staple in the diets of nomadic Aboriginal people living in the outback.

The name "witchetty" (or "witjuti") comes from the Adnyamathanha language. The name comes from the words "wityu" (meaning "hooked stick") and "vartu" (meaning "grub").


Carpenter Painter

The Carpenter Painter was a red-figure vase painter. He worked in Athens. He was active between 515 and 500 BC. He chiefly painted cups. His real name is unknown. "Carpenter Painter" is taken from his depiction of a carpenter at work on a cup in the British Museum. Few of his works are known. The way he painted nipples, pectorals, hands, garments, and other details identify his work.


John Astin

John Allen Astin (born March 30, 1930) is an American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor. He has acted in many movies and television shows. He is best known for his role as Gomez Addams in "The Addams Family", his role in "Evil Roy Slade", and other comedic characters.

Astin was born on March 30, 1930 in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Washington & Jefferson College and at Johns Hopkins University.

Astin was married to Suzanne Hahn from 1956 until they divorced in 1972. He was married to Patty Duke from 1972 to 1985. He married Valeri Ann Sandobal in 1989. Astin had five sons; three by Hahn (David, Allen, and Tom), one by Duke (Mackenzie) and one adopted by Astin and Duke (Sean). Astin lives in Baltimore, Maryland.


Peter O'Toole

Peter Seamus O'Toole (2 August 1932 – 14 December 2013) was a British stage and movie actor. He was known for his stage plays that were mostly based on that of William Shakespeare.

O'Toole was born on 2 August 1932 in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, England

O'Toole's career lasted almost 60 years. He became famous for his role as T. E. Lawrence in "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962). He received his first Academy Award nomination for that role. He received seven more Academy Award nominations – for "Becket" (1964), "The Lion in Winter" (1968), "Goodbye, Mr. Chips" (1969), "The Ruling Class" (1972), "The Stunt Man" (1980), "My Favorite Year" (1982), and "Venus" (2006). O'Toole holds the record for the most Academy Award nominations by an actor without a win.

O'Toole won four Golden Globes, a BAFTA Award, and an Emmy Award. He also received an honorary Academy Award in 2003. 

O'Toole died on 14 December 2013 in London, England from stomach cancer. He was 81 years old.

O'Toole was born on 2 August 1932 in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, England. His mother was Constance Jane Eliot (née Ferguson), a Scottish nurse. His father was Patrick Joseph O'Toole, an Irish footballer. O'Toole studied to become an actor at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art from 1952 until 1954.

O'Toole's career began in 1954 on stage. His movie career began in 1960 in the movie "Kidnapped" as Robin MacGregor. His became famous when he played T. E. Lawrence in "Lawrence of Arabia". He became one of the most famous actors during the 1960s and 1970s. In 1972 O'Toole played both Miguel de Cervantes and Don Quixote in "Man of La Mancha".

In 1980, he received good reviews for playing the director in the behind-the-scenes movie "The Stunt Man". He received mixed reviews as John Tanner in "Man and Superman" and as Henry Higgins in "Pygmalion". He won a Laurence Olivier Award for his performance in "Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell" (1989).

O'Toole played King Priam in the 2004 movie "Troy". His last worldwide movie role was as food critic Anton Ego in the 2007 Disney-Pixar movie "Ratatouille". On 10 July 2012 O'Toole released a statement that he would be retiring.

He was offered a knighthood but rejected it in objection to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's policies.

O'Toole was nominated for eight Academy Awards. He holds the record of having the most nominations for an Academy Award without winning. He won four Golden Globes, a BAFTA Award, and an Emmy Award. In 2003 O'Toole received an honorary Academy Award.

O'Toole was married to Siân Phillips from 1959 until they divorced in 1979. O'Toole had three children; two daughters with Phillips (Kate and Patricia) and a son by his girlfriend Karen Brown (Lorcan Patrick O'Toole). O'Toole lived in London, England. He was lifelong friends with Irish actor Richard Harris until Harris' death in 2002.

O'Toole recovered from stomach cancer in the 1970s. He also had stomach cancer for the last eighteen months of his life. He died of the disease in the Wellington Hospital in London, aged 81. President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins lead a tribute to O'Toole. Higgins called O'Toole "a friend".

O'Toole's funeral was held on 20 December 2013 at his London home. Rock star Sting and ex-wife Siân attended his funeral. His remains were later cremated. O'Toole's remains ware being planned to be taken back to his birthplace of Connemara, Ireland. His daughter Kate said, "We're bringing him home. It's what he would have wanted." At the mean time, O'Toole's ashes are kept in a safe in the Irish presidential mansion.


Cerastes

Cerastes is a genus of small venomous vipers growing up to the length of around 50 cm. There are currently three species found. They are usually known as the ""Horned Vipers"", the ""North African Desert Vipers"", or the ""Cerastes Vipers"".

The Horned Viper is nocturnal and terrestrial (lives on the ground), and is usually found buried underneath the sand. They are said to be slow moving, but they are able to do sidewinding. When they do sidewinding they can move faster across the sand. They are able to sink into the sand by moving in a rocking motion. They sink into the sand tail first and keep on sinking deeper into the sand until only their eyes and nose are sticking out of the sand. The reason they do this is so they can ambush prey which come close to it. They are oviparous, meaning they lay eggs. They live in the deserts of North Africa, Arabia, and Iran.

The Horned Viper catch their prey by ambushing. They eat mainly rodents, birds and lizards.


Las Vegas culture

Las Vegas culture is the name for a number of setltements on the coast of present-day Ecuador. These settlements were created between roughly 8000 and 4600 BCE. In total, there are 31 settlements. The people who lived there were hunter-gatherers. They had also started agriculture. Bone points and a spatula have been discovered. They may have been used for making nets or textiles, along with various tools and containers shaped of shell; wood, bamboo, reeds, and bark are also believed to have been used in the tool industry.

No mummies have been found on the coast of Ecuador. The Las Vegas people had similarities with the people whose remains are preserved as the Chinchorro mummies of the north coast of Chile.They also lived at the same time. 

Yu Kil-chun

Yu Kil-chun (, 1856 – 1914) was a Korean politician, philosopher, thinker, reform activist and independence activist during the Joseon Dynasty. His nickname was Gudang, Chunmin, Guyil.

Yu Kil-chun was born in Kwangju. In his early years he studied under Park Kyu-su and Oh Kyung-suk. As a young man in 1881, he went to Meiji Japan to study at Keio University. He then went to the United States in 1884 to study mathematics. After that, he was accused of supporting the "Gaehwadang" (enlightenment party). He was arrested and put in jail from 1885 to 1894.

Between 1894 and 1895, Yu worked for the government of prime minister Kim Hongjip. He was Vice Minister of State for Home Office. In October 1895, Korea's King Gojong claimed that Yu was involved in the assassination of Queen Min. Kim was killed and his cabinet was disbanded. Yu went to the Russian embassy and escaped the country for exile in Japan. He returned to Korea in 1907 after he was pardoned by Emperor Sunjeong.

In 1910, when Korea was annexed by Imperial Japan, Yun started a movement against the annexation. Yu was offered the title "danshaku" by the Government of Japan, but he refused it. He died in 1914 of a heart problem. He was aged 58.




Katherine Jackson

Katherine Esther Jackson (born May 4, 1930 as Kattie B. Screws) is the matriarch of the Jackson family of musicians and singers, including Michael Jackson, La Toya and Janet Jackson. She is the widow of Joe Jackson. 

Jackson had 10 children. Several of the children became famous. In 1986 "Essence" honored her as "Mother of the Year".

In 1990, Jackson released her autobiography, "My Family". The book told about her elderly years and her relationship with her husband and their children.

On June 25, 2009, Michael Jackson died. Katherine was granted temporary guardianship of Michael's three children. In 2012 her guardianship was suspended for a short time. The guardianship resumed with TJ Jackson, Michael's nephew, added as a co-guardian. 


Fax

Fax (short for facsimile), or telecopying, is the transmission of scanned printed material (both text and images), to a telephone number connected to a printer or other output device. 

The original document is scanned with a fax machine (or a telecopier), which turns the contents (text or images) into a bitmap, then the bitmap is sent through the telephone system. The receiving fax machine reconverts the coded image, printing a paper copy. 

Businesses usually have some kind of fax system, but the technology has faced increasing competition from Internet-based methods. Fax machines still retain some advantages, particularly in the transmission of sensitive material which, if sent over the internet, may be intercepted. However, encryption (a secret coding system) can make internet messages secure.

In some countries, because electronic signatures on contracts are not recognized by law while faxed contracts with copies of signatures are, fax machines enjoy continuing support in business.

In many businesses, standalone fax machines have been replaced by fax servers which receive and store incoming faxes electronically. The servers route them to users on paper or via a secure email. Such systems reduce costs by eliminating unnecessary printouts and reducing the number of inbound phone lines needed by an office.

Scottish inventor Alexander Bain worked on chemical mechanical fax type devices and in 1846 was able to reproduce graphic signs in laboratory experiments. He received the first fax patent in 1843. Frederick Bakewell made several improvements on Bain's design and demonstrated a telefax machine. The Pantelegraph was invented by the Italian physicist Giovanni Caselli He introduced the first commercial telefax service between Paris and Lyons in 1865, some 11 years before the invention of telephones. 

In 1881, English inventor Shelford Bidwell constructed the "scanning phototelegraph" that was the first telefax machine to scan any two-dimensional original, not requiring manual plotting or drawing. Around 1900, German physicist Arthur Korn invented the "". It became widely used in continental Europe after a wanted-person photograph was transmitted from Paris to London in 1908. Its main competitors were the "Bélinograf" by Édouard Belin first, then since the 1930s the "Hellschreiber", invented in 1929 by German inventor Rudolf Hell, a pioneer in mechanical image scanning and transmission.

Transmission by landline was replaced by radiotransmission, and from 1960 by satellite transmission. Digital systems are now universal. Faster, more efficient and cheaper fax machines have allowed even small companies to own a fax machine. The technology is now world-wide.

Audrey Meadows

Audrey Meadows (born February 8 1922; died February 3 1996) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Alice Kramden on the 1950s American television comedy "The Honeymooners". She was born in New York City by the name Audrey Cotter. Meadows died as a result of lung cancer on February 3, 1996, five days before her 74th birthday.

Carl von Gontard

Carl von Gontard (January 13, 1731 in Mannheim – September 23, 1791 in Breslau) was a German architect; he worked primarily in Berlin, Potsdam, and Bayreuth.

He modified the original Deutscher Dom and cathedrals in Berlin and added the domed towers.

Cloris Leachman

Cloris Leachman (April 30, 1926 – January 27, 2021) was an American actress.

She was in many stage plays, movies, and television programs. She won eight Primetime Emmy Awards and one Daytime Emmy Award. She was a vegetarian. Leachman was born in Des Moines, Iowa.

Leachman won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1971 for her role as Ruth Popper "The Last Picture Show".

Leachman died on January 27, 2021, at her home in Encinitas, California at the age of 94. The cause of death was a stroke caused by COVID-19.

Neue Kirche, Berlin

The Neue Kirche (; colloquially , meaning "German Cathedral"), is in Berlin. It is on the Gendarmenmarkt across from the "French Church". The Lutheran and Calvinist congregants used German as their native language. This is different than the French-speaking Calvinist congregation who owned the on the opposite side of Gendarmenmarkt. The congregants' native language combined with the domed tower gave the church its colloquial naming.




Mantellinae

Mantellinae is a subfamily of frogs. They are part of the family Mantellidae. These frogs lives in Madagascar and Mayotte. These frogs looks similar to poison dart frogs. Most Mantellinae frogs are toxic. They have a lot of warning colors. There are over 100 species in this family.

There are two genus:

Pacific tree frog

The Pacific tree frog ("Pseudacris regilla") is a species of tree frog. They live on the West Coast of North America. This includes California, Oregon and Washington in the United States, and British Columbia in Canada. They live on the ground, but some have been found living in places 10,000 feet above sea level. They are the only frogs to make a "ribbit" sound. Human beings also brought it to Ketchikan, Alaska.

This frog is small. The adult frog is 3/4 of an inch to 2 inches long from nose to rear end. It has a stripe near each eye. Sometimes there is a mark in the shape of a triangle on its head and dark marks on the legs. The frog's main body can be gray, green, light brown, brown, or black. in color. This frog can change color. It can be dark in color with no spots, then medium in color with spots, then light in color with no spots. It takes the frog about 8 to 10 minutes to change from dark to light. This frog has large disks on its toes for climbing and webbed skin on its back feet.

This frog eats insects: leaf-hoppers, spring-tails, flies, stoneflies, ants, wasps, beetles, and caterpillars. It can also eat spiders, snails, and isopods.

This frog moves around at night but it does sometimes move during the day. It can climb trees but it spends most of its time on the ground.

The female frog lays 5 to 60 eggs at a time in bodies of water at least 4 inches deep. The eggs sometimes stick to twigs or other things underwater. The tadpoles are about 45 mm long. They are black or yellow-brown in color with a white or near-white belly. 


Edible frog

The edible frog ("Pelophylax" kl. "esculentus") is a species of frogs. It lives in Europe. It is also known as water frog or green frog. However, green frog is usually given to the North American frog "Lithobates clamitans". The Edible frog is used as a food source to people in France.

Texas toad

The Texas toad ("Bufo speciosus") is a species of toads. They are very small only reaching three inches. They live in the United States in the state of Texas. But they are also found in Oklahoma, New Mexico and Mexico.


French Cathedral, Berlin

The first parts of the actual "French Church" were built from 1701 to 1705 for the Huguenot (Calvinist) community. At that time, Huguenots made up about 25% of Berlin's population. The "French Church" was modelled after the destroyed Huguenot temple in Charenton-Saint-Maurice, France.
In 1785 Carl von Gontard modified the church and built - wall to wall next to it - the domed tower, which - together with the French-speaking congregants - earned the church its naming. The domed tower is technically no part of the church, there is no access between church and tower, because both buildings have different owners. The tower, similar to that of Deutscher Dom, was simply built to give the Gendarmenmarkt a symmetric design. 

The church is not a cathedral in the strict sense of the word because it has never been the seat of a bishop.

The domed tower, which is a viewing platform open to visitors, provides a panoramic view of Berlin. A restaurant is located in the basement underneath the prayer hall. The tower also contains the Huguenot museum of Berlin.

Cane toad

The cane toad ("Bufo marinus") is a species of toad. They are also known as the marine toad or the giant neotropical toad.
Cane toads are terrestrial amphibians. This means that they only go back to the water to lay their eggs. They live in Central America and South America. However, they have been introduced to Australia, Oceania in general and the Caribbean.

Nearly 80 years ago, a group of 102 cane toads were sent to Queensland to catch sugar beetles. 
Cane-growers were concerned about the damage insect larvae were doing to crops. The insects were native to Australia, but bad for the valuable cane crops.

The first cane toads were brought into Queensland by Reginald Mungomery, an entomologist. Before 1935, Australia had no toads. The entire continent, full of various frog species, had no toads. Tough and always moving into new areas, the cane toads started reproducing and expanding outwards every wet season. This "invasion front" moved around 10 km a year until the 1960s, when it began speeding up significantly.

Cane toads are rapidly adapting to dry climates, a huge change from their origins in the South American rainforest. They have poison gland in their skin.

In their native habitat, a number of fish and reptiles prey on the tadpoles and the adult toad.
These include the broad-snouted caiman ("Caiman latirostris"), the banded cat-eyed snake ("Leptodeira annulata"), eels (family Anguillidae), various species of killifish, the black rat ("Rattus rattus") and the Asian water monitor ("Varanus salvator").

They have far fewer predators in Australia but, as time passes, some of the local animals will adapt their behaviour. Already some Australian crows have learned strategies allowing them to feed on cane toads, such as using their beak to flip toads onto their back. Opossums of the "Didelphis" genus likely can eat cane toads with impunity. Meat ants are unaffected by the cane toads' toxins, and therefore are able to kill them. The cane toad's normal response to attack is to stand still and let its toxin kill the attacker, which allows the ants to attack and eat the toad.

Ibis flip the toads about, throwing them in the air. After this they either wipe the toads in the wet grass, or they go down to a water source and rinse the toads out.

A cane toad is one of the non-human characters in Dave Barry's 1999 novel "Big Trouble" and in the 2002 movie based on the novel.


Parotoid gland

The parotoid gland is a skin gland on the back, neck and shoulder of toads and some frogs and salamanders. It secretes a substance that predators can smell. This smell will tell them that they are toxic animals. The substance, bufotoxin, acts as a neurotoxin.

Parotoid glands looks like warts on an amphibian skin. However, warts are grown by viral infections. Parotoid glands are normal and healthy parts of the animals that have them. Many people believe that touching a toad may cause warts. However, this is not true.

Mole salamander

Mole salamanders are member of the genus "Ambystoma". They are a group of animals that live in North America. They are the only genus in the family Ambystomatidae. The Axolotl ("Ambystoma mexicanum") is a popular exotic pet. They are also used in research. The Tiger Salamander ("Ambystoma tigrinum") is an official amphibian of many US states. They are also sold as pets.



Rib

A rib is a bone that forms a structure around the thorax of vertebrates. This is known as the rib cage. Humans have 24 ribs, 12 on each side. 

It is a common urban legend that male humans have one fewer pair of ribs than female humans. However, this is not true. This came from the Christian bible explaining the creation of Eve from the rib of Adam.

Taricha

Taricha is a genus of newts. There are only three species and four subspecies. They are called western newts and Pacific newts. All newts are part of the family Salamandridae. The three species in this genus are California newt, the rough-skinned newt and the red bellied newt. They are all found on the west coast of the United States.

Genus "Taricha" (Western Newts / Pacific Newts) - 3 species

Lungless salamander

The Plethodontidae is a family of lungless salamanders. They are the largest groups of salamanders. They probably evolved in North America, where there are 14 genera and about 150 species. Only one species is in Europe: it is "Speleomantes", the cave salamander.

Most of them are terrestrial and are active in daytime. Lungless salamanders may communicate with their nose. Slender salamanders are found in the Pacific Coast. They are sometimes called "worm salamanders". This is because they have slimmer (skinny) bodies than most salamanders. If touched, slender salamanders will bounce on the ground and then run away.


Irritation

Irritation in biology is a state of inflammation or painful reaction to allergy or cell damage. The skin and the eyes may turn red.


Slender salamander

Slender salamander is a common name given to lungless salamanders of the genus Batrachoseps. They are different from other lungless salamanders. They have four toes on each foot. They live in Oregon, California and Baja California in Mexico.

19 species are recognized in this genus:


Pacific coast

A Pacific coast is when a country is next to the Pacific Ocean.

Countries on the western side of the Americas have a Pacific coast as their western border.


Countries on the eastern side of Asia have a Pacific coast as their eastern border.


Countries in Oceania may have a Pacific coast anywhere, including their entire border

Chinese fire belly newt

The Chinese fire belly newt ("Cynops orientalis") is a species of newts. They are small and will reach up to 2.2-4 inches (6-10 cm). They are black and have bright orange colors on their front side. They are commonly found in pet stores. They are sometimes confused with the Japanese fire belly newt. This is because of their small size and colors. However, the Chinese fire belly newt has smoother skin and a rounder tail than the Japanese Fire Belly Newt.


Quarter (United States coin)

A quarter dollar or quarter, is a coin worth ¼ of a United States dollar. They are worth 25 cents. The quarter has been produced since 1796.



Ichthyophis beddomei

Ichthyophis beddomei is a species of caecilians. They are sometimes called Beddome's caecilian. They are part of the family Inchthyophiidae. They have a dark violet-brown body. They have yellow stripes from their head to their tail. Their upper lip and lower jaw are yellow. They live in Western Ghats.

Agalychnis callidryas

Agalychnis callidryas, commonly known as the red-eyed tree frog, is a species of tree frogs.

Red-eyed tree frogs spend most of their time on large tropical leaves. They are not poisonous, and rely on camouflage to protect themselves. During the day, they stay still, cover their blue sides with their back legs, tuck their bright feet under their stomachs, and shut their red eyes. So they look almost completely green, and are well hidden amongst the leaves. The large red eyes are a defensive adaptation called deimatic behaviour. When a red-eyed tree frog detects a predator, it abruptly opens its eyes and stares at the predator. The sudden appearance of the red eyes may startle the predator, giving the frog a chance to flee.

They are active at night. They like to eat small insects.

During mating, the female carries the male on her back for several hours during the process. The female chooses a leaf above a pond or large puddle on which to lay her clutch of eggs. The male puts out his sperm onto the eggs as they are released.

Tree frogs lay jelly-like eggs. The mothers will stay near them and help them fight any hungry animals that want to eat them. They become a tadpole in one or two weeks. They drop from the leaf and into the lake which is below the leaf.

If predators are close enough to produce vibration, the embryos sense this. After a few seconds, they vigorously hatch out into tadpoles and spread out to escape.


Common frog

The Common frog ("Rana temporaria") is a species of frog. They are also known as the European Common Frog or the European Common Brown Frog. They live in Europe, the Arctic Circle, Scandinavia, Urals, Iberia, Italy, Balkans and Ireland. They are an introduced species in most countries.


Quantum theory

Quantum theory may mean:



Bronzed frog

The bronzed frog or Günther's golden-backed frog ("Hylarana temporalis") is a species of frog. They are found in forests of Western Ghats, India and Sri Lanka. They are an important prey for many snakes include the Malabar Pit Viper and the Vine Snake.


Jefferson salamander

The Jefferson salamander ("Ambystoma jeffersonianum") is a mole salamander. They live in northeastern United States, southern Ontario and southwestern Quebec. It was named after Jefferson College in Pennsylvania.

It is usually dark gray, brown or black. Others can have silver or blue spots on their sides. These salamanders are very skinny with a wide nose and long toes. They can reach up to 11 to 18 cm.

Like other mole salamanders, the Jefferson salamander burrows. They have lungs that helps them to dig. They are only active at night. They are only active in the day when its mating season. They will breed in early spring after snow has melted in their area.


California giant salamander

The California giant salamander ("Dicamptodon ensatus") is a species of salamanders. They are part of the family Dicamptodontidae. They live in California and western United States. They are related to the Idaho giant salamander, Pacific giant salamander and the Coastal giant salamander. 

Tatsuya Fuji

, also known as Tatsuya Itou, is a Japanese actor. 

He was born in Beijing, China and grew up in Yokohama, Kanagawa. When he was a student of Nihon University College of Art, he was spotted and recruited as a fresh actor by Nikkatsu. 

Fuji made his debut on films from Nikkatsu(Japanese film distributing agency) in 1962. His first movie is "Bokyo-no-Umi". He is the first actor who trains his body for acting in Japan. Early in his career, he was often assigned the role of a villain, but ever since then, he has acted various kind of role. In the Nagisa Oshima's film "In the Realm of the Senses", he acted in a passionate and violent love scene, and the movie caused a lot of fuss. 


Bolitoglossa

Bolitoglossa is a genus of salamanders. They are also called tropical climbing salamanders and web-footed salamanders. They are part of the Plethodontidae family. They live in Central America and South America. They are terrestrial amphibians.

117 species are currently assigned to this genus.


Green toad

Green toad ("Anaxyrus debilis") is a species of toads. They live in southwestern United States in states like Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, Kansas and Texas. They can also be found in northern Mexico in states like Tamaulipas, San Luis Potosí, Durango and Zacatecas.

Green toads are green or yellow with black spots. They are not a large toad. They grow up to 2 inches. They are only active at night. They will breed in spring, summer and autumn. Males will call a female to lay her eggs in his territory.



Smooth newt

The Smooth Newt is a species of newts. They are also known as the Common Newt. It is the most common newt species of the "Lissotriton" genus of amphibians. They live in Europe, southern France and the Iberian peninsula.

Midwife toad

The Midwife toad ("Alytes") is a genus of frogs. They part of the Discoglossidae family. They live in most of Europe and northwestern Africa. They look like toads because of their hard skin. They get their name because they take care of their young on their backs. They help them from not being eaten from hungry animals. When they hatch the frog will go back to the water and allow them to swim away. 


Van Dyke's salamander

Van Dyke's salamander ("Plethodon vandykei") is a species of salamanders. They are part of the family Plethodontidae. These salamanders have been used in research studies. 



Potamogeton

Potamogeton is a genus of aquatic plants. They live in freshwater such as ponds and lakes. They part of the family Potamogentonaceae. Their common name is pondweed. The genus name means "river neighbor". They are also a food source for many fish and algae eaters.

Filter feeder

Filter feeders are animals that feed on matter and food particles from water. Some animals that do this are clams, krill, sponges, baleen whales and many fish such as sharks. Some birds such as flamingos are also filter feeders. Filter feeders can help clear water.



Surinam horned frog

Ceratophrys is a genus of frogs. They are part of the family Leptodactylidae. They are also part of the subfamily Ceratophryinae. They are also known as South American horned frogs as well as Pacman frogs. This is because they look like the video game character Pac-Man.

Woomera Test Range

The RAAF Woomera Test Range is a weapons testing facility in South Australia. It is run by the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). It covers and area of , and is the world's largest weapons test facility on land. The range is a restricted area, called the Woomera Prohibited Area. The airspace above it is also restricted, and is called the Woomera Restricted Airspace.

The range was originally set up as a place for the British to test missiles during World War II. The British asked to do weapons testing here (in the centre of Australia), because not many people lived there. A Commonwealth weapons design and test project, called the Australian-Anglo Joint Project, was signed in 1946. The range originally had an area of .

Between 1955 and 1963, the British ran a series of seven nuclear-weapon tests at Maralinga, then inside the range. The Joint Project ran until 1980, when the British withdrew from the program. The range is still used as a testing site by the Australian Defence Force. Access is leased to foreign militaries and private companies for their own testing of weapons.

It is named after the Dharuk word for a spear-thrower.


Balgo, Western Australia

Balgo is a small community in Western Australia. It is surrounded by the Great Sandy Desert and the Tanami Desert. It is an Aboriginal community; the area is traditionally Kukatja country. There are also some Pintupi families living there, who were displaced in the 1950s and 1960s. Many of them came to live here from Papunya, including some of the original artists of the Papunya Tula movement. Many of them later left Balgo when Kintore and Kiwirrkurra were set up in the 1980s. In 2006, Balgo had about 460 people living there.


Komatsu, Ishikawa

Komatsu is a city in Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan.
It is in the southern part of the prefecture, near the Sea of Japan.

Charles Perkins

Charles Nelson Perkins, AO, (16 June 1936 – 19 October 2000) was an Australian activist and Aboriginal leader. He was also a professional football player.

Perkins grew up in Alice Springs. His mother was Arrernte, and his father was Kalkadoon. He later moved to Sydney, and graduated from the University of Sydney in 1965. He was the first indigenous Australian to graduate from a university.

Perkins campaigned for Aboriginal land rights. In 1965, he was an important person in the Freedom Ride campaign, which aimed to raise public awareness of the standards of living, literacy and health conditions among the Aboriginal population. The group was famous for publicising acts of discrimination.

Perkins was also important in the campaign for the referendum in 1967, which allowed Aboriginal people to be counted in censuses, and parliament to make special laws specifically for Aboriginal people. From 1969, Perkins worked as a public servant in the Ministry of Aboriginal Affairs. He was made permanent secretary of this department in 1981, which made him the first Aboriginal to become the permanent head of a federal government department. He served as secretary until 1988.

Perkins died in October 2000 of kidney failure.



Kottabos (Kleophrades Painter)

Kottabos Player is an Attic red-figure terracotta kylix said to have been painted by someone close to the Kleophrades Painter. It dates to the Greek Archaic period, about 500 BC. The kylix's height with handles is 3 3/16 in. (8.1 cm) and its width with handles is 10 1/16 in. (25.5 cm). 

The diameter of the bowl is 7 5/8 in. (19.3 cm). The kylix is in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The figure is a symposiast playing a party game called kottabos. He is about to fling the last of the wine in his cup at a lamp stand in an attempt to knock the lamp stand's finial off. The winner was he who did so.

Kleophrades Painter

The Kleophrades Painter was a red-figure Athenian vase painter. His real name is unknown. His name is taken from a potter's signature on a vase. He was active from about 510470 BC. His work is considered some of the finest of the red figure style. He was probably the pupil of Euthymides, one of the red-figure Pioneers. His work is identified by its stylistic traits. He was very productive. More than 100 vases of his work have survived. He worked in both black- and red- figure styles and techniques. He was conservative, often using old-fashioned techniques. His subjects were traditional but with a emphasis on the Trojan War. He preferred painting large vessels such as amphores.


Clyde Holding

Allan Clyde Holding (27 April 1931 – 31 July 2011) was an Australian politician. He was Leader of the Opposition in Victoria for ten years, and was later a federal minister. He was a member of the Australian Labor Party.

Holding was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the seat of Richmond in 1962. He was a strong supporter of indigenous Australian rights (including land rights) and national aid for schools. In 1977, he was elected to the House of Representatives as member for Melbourne Ports. When Bob Hawke became Prime Minister in 1983, he put Holding in charge of Aboriginal Affairs. During his term, Holding tried to make federal laws for Aboriginal land rights. But Brian Burke, the Labor Premier of Western Australia, did not want this, because it would have upset the mining and agricultural industries, which were very important to his state. Holding was forced by Hawke to drop the proposal. In 1987, he was moved to the Ministry of Employment Services and Youth Affairs. The next year, he was made Minister for Transport, and then later Minister for Immigration.

Kottabos

Kottabos () was a party game played at symposia in Ancient Greece. It was popular in the 5th and 4th centuries BC. It was also popular with the Etruscans. The game is played by flinging a bit of wine from one's cup at targets. The player would utter the name of his lover. The game was probably of Sicilian origin but spread throughout the Greek world. Many Greek poets mention the game in their works. By the time of the Roman Empire and the Age of Alexander the Great, the game had died out. It is not mentioned in Latin literature. 

Charlie McMahon

Charlie McMahon (born in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales in 1951) is an Australian didgeridoo player. He was one of the first non-Aboriginal musicians to become a famous player of the instrument. He is probably one of the most famous players of the instrument around the world.

The band in which he became famous was called Gondwanaland. He has toured across Australia, often visiting remote communities in the outback, and also in Europe and the United States. He often played gigs with Midnight Oil. McMahon's style became an influence for many well-known didgeridoo players. He is also the inventor of the "didjeribone", a sliding didgeridoo made of plastic, played in a similar way to the trombone.


Symposium

A symposium (plural: symposia) was a drinking party in Ancient Greece. Guests were males. Well bred women did not attend. Boys or slave girls served the food and drink, danced, juggled, played music, or otherwise entertained the assembly. These servers were usually nude. The symposium was an aristocratic institution often held to celebrate a young man's entry into adult society, an athletic victory, or a poetic achievement. It was an occasion for male conversation and debate. Party-goers reclined on couches and pillows. Guests played a game called kottabos, wrestled, and held song contests. A symposium is described in Plato's "The Symposium". The party is attended by Socrates and the young, drunken, and nearly nude Alcibiades.

Foster Brooks

Foster Brooks (May 11, 1912 – December 20, 2001) was an American movie, television, radio, stage actor, singer, entertainer, television personality and comedian. He was known for playing a lovable drunken man in nightclubs and television shows. Brooks is also known for appearing in The Dean Martin celebrity roasts. 

Brooks was born in Louisville, Kentucky. Brooks was married twice. First to Loretta Brooks from 1933 until they divorced in 1950. And to Teri Brooks from 1950 until his death in 2001. Brooks died on December 20, 2001 from heart failure in his Encino, Los Angeles, California home, aged 89. 

Bob Knight

Robert Montgomery "Bob" Knight (October 25, 1940 – November 1, 2023) was an American basketball coach. He won over 900 NCAA Division I men's college basketball games. Knight was well known as the head coach of the Indiana Hoosiers from 1971 until 2000. He also coached for the Texas Tech from 2001 until 2008.

Knight was born in Orrville, Ohio. He studied at Ohio State University.

He was praised for having a clean program. None of his teams was ever sanctioned by the NCAA for any recruitment violations. He did, however, attracted some controversy for throwing a chair across the courts during a game. He was once arrested for assault. He was fired from Indiana in September 2000.

In April 2015, it was announced that ESPN would not sign Knight's contract for another season.

Knight died in Bloomington, Indiana on November 1, 2023, one week after his 83rd birthday.

James Michael Tyler

James Michael Tyler (May 28, 1961– October 24, 2021) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Gunther in the sitcom series "Friends". Tyler was born in Greenwood, Mississippi and was raised in Winona, Mississippi.

In June 2021, Tyler said he was diagnosed with stage-4 prostate cancer back in 2018. He died from the disease at his Los Angeles, California home on October 24, 2021 at the age of 59.




Choi Chang-ik

Choi Chang-ik (hangul:최창익, hanja:崔昌益, 1896-1957), also known as Choe Chang Ik, was a North Korean soldier and politician.

In the early North Korean government, Choi was Deputy Prime Minister from 1952 to 1956.

In a 1956-1957 purge, he was removed from government by forces led by Kim Il-sung. He was expelled from the Korean Workers' Party.



List of record labels: A–H



List of record labels: I–Q



List of record labels: R–Z

Kim Tu-bong

Kim Tu-bong (March 16, 1886 – 1958) was a Korean linguist, politician, and the first North Korean head of state.

In 1946, Kim became Chairman of the Workers Party of North Korea. 

From 1948 until 1958, he was Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly.

Echis

Echis is a genus of venomous vipers found in dry regions of Africa, Middle East, Pakistan, India, and Sri Lanka. The name ""Echis"" is a Greek word which means ""viper"". Echis is also known as the ""Saw-scaled Vipers"", or the ""Carpet Vipers"". They are responsible for most of the snakebites and deaths in the world. There is currently eight species found. 

The Saw-scaled Vipers are a small group of snakes, with adults growing up to the length of 90 cm (36 in). Its head is short, wide and pear-shaped, its snout is short and round, and it has large eyes.

The Saw-scaled Viper is found in dry regions (like deserts) in Africa, the Middle East, Pakistan, India, and Sri Lanka.

Not much is known about what the Saw-scaled Vipers eat, but some say they eats beetles, spiders, scorpions, centipedes, other snakes, small mammals and birds.

Most species of the Saw-scaled Viper, like the ones found in Africa, are oviparous meaning they lay eggs, while other species, like the ones found in India, are viviparous meaning they give live birth.


Atheris

Atheris is a genus of venomous vipers found only in rain forest areas of Sub-Saharan Africa. There are currently eight species found. Atheris are commonly known as ""Bush Vipers"". They are all arboreal (meaning they live in trees), but they can sometimes be seen on the ground.

Bush Vipers are small snakes, with adults growing to the size of around 40 to 78 cm. They all have broad, triangular heads with large eyes and a slender body.

The Bush Viper lives in rain forest areas of Sub-Saharan Africa, far from humans, but some Bush Vipers are threatened because of habitat loss. 
Bush Vipers eat small amphibians like frogs, and toads, reptiles like lizards and other snakes, rodents and birds. They ambush their prey by hanging on to a branch of a tree, waiting for a prey to come close, then jump on the prey and inject venom, and then swallow it. Some Bush Vipers in zoos only eat mice and small birds, but there have been reports on some eating each other.

All Bush Vipers are viviparous, meaning they give live birth. They mate between September and November, and females give to their young in March or April. 

The venom of Bush Vipers is hemotoxic, it causes pain, swelling, and stop blood clotting. There is no antivenom, but there has been reports on Echis antivenom working on some Bush Viper's bites.


Maristes Valldemia

The Maristes Valldemia school (aka: Col·legi Maristes Valldemia, Col·legi Valldemia or Valldemia), is in Mataró, Province of Barcelona - Catalonia (Spain). It is a Catholic school run by Marist Brothers. It is dedicated to Our Lady the Virgin of the Candle. "Fundació Champagnat, Fundació Privada" owns the school.

The school was founded in 1855 by three Piarists related persons: the priest Ermengol Coll de Valldemia, Pelegrí Ferrer and Ramon Cuspinera. Its first name was «Colegio de Cataluña», and it was on the land of a traditional Catalan manor named "Can Miralpeix". The school's aim was to provide a modern and Christian education. After 1858, the school was known as «» (in Catalan) or «» (in Spanish). In 1888 the school was given to the Marist Brothers to run. From 2012 the official name is Maristes Valldemia.

The main building was designed by the architect Jeroni Boada, and later improved in 1911 by Josep Goday i Casals (who used to be an student at the school, and founder member of the Alumni Association).

The school received its first international recognition at the Paris Exposition of 1900, a Gold Medal in recognition of quality education. During the years of the Spanish Civil War, Valldemia was converted into a hospital and blood bank.

Today, the school has 1200 students from ages 3 to 18, who are taught by a staff of 90 teachers.


Phil Harris

Wonga Philip Harris (June 24, 1904 – August 11, 1995) was an American actor and comedian. As a voice actor he voiced: Baloo in "The Jungle Book", Thomas O'Malley the Alley Cat in "The Aristocats", Little John in "Robin Hood" and Patou in "Rock-a-Doodle". In 1995, he had a heart attack and later died in Rancho Mirage, California at age 91.

Pierce the Veil

Pierce the Veil is a rock band from San Diego, California, United States. It was formed in 2006 by brothers Mike and Vic Fuentes after their last band, Before Today, broke up. Jaime Preciado plays the bass and Tony Perry plays the guitar. The band has made five albums. 

Pierce the Veil was created by two brothers named Mike and Vic Fuentes in 2006, after their last band, Before Today, broke up. They joined a label called Equal Vision Records and made their first album, "A Flair for the Dramatic". It was recorded in Seattle, Washington and released in 2007.

Jaime Preciado and Tony Perry joined the band in 2007, and then they started touring.

In 2009, the band revealed they were working on a new album, recorded in Los Angeles. The album, "Selfish Machines", came out on June 21, 2010. They did concerts around the world to promote it.

On August 23, 2011, Pierce the Veil joined the label. They wrote a new album in 2011 and recorded it in early 2012. The new album was announced on April 20, 2012 and it was called "Collide with the Sky". It was released on July 17, 2012. The first single from the album was called "King for a Day" featuring Kellin Quinn and it was released on June 5, 2012.

In September 2013, the band announced their first film, "This Is a Wasteland", which is a documentary about their 2012 and 2013 concerts. It was released on November 25, 2013.

On July 23, 2013, Pierce the Veil and Sleeping with Sirens announced a world tour together. It began in 2014 and ended in 2015.

On June 18, 2015, the band released a song called "The Divine Zero", from their upcoming fourth album. 

On March 18, 2016, it was announced the band's fourth album would be called "Misadventures" and it would be released on May 13. The album was produced by Dan Korneff. The band released another song called "Texas Is Forever" on March 24, 2016.

In November 2017, a young woman claimed that the band's drummer, Mike Fuentes, had asked her for nude photos over Myspace and had sex with her multiple times after their concerts. Fuentes was 24 years old and the woman was 16, so she was not old enough to legally consent to sex in the United States. She said their sexual relationship continued until she was 18.

A month later, another anonymous woman came out against him. She said they met at a concert when she was 14 and he had asked for nude photos of her when she was 15.

Mike Fuentes left the band after this and the band took a break.

In July 2018, Vic Fuentes said the band was working on a new album.

In April 2020, the band posted a rehearsal session including Mike Fuentes, who had left the band before. In August 2020, the band said again that Mike Fuentes was not part of the group.

On September 1, 2022, the band released a song called "Pass the Nirvana". On November 11, 2022, the band released another song called "Emergency Contact" and said they would come out with a new album on February 10, 2023 called "The Jaws of Life."

Former


Timeline


Collide with the Sky

Collide with the Sky is the third album by San Diego experimental rock group Pierce the Veil. It was released on July 27, 2012 under Fearless Records in the United States. The album's lead single "King for A Day" was released on June 5, 2012 for digital download and contemporary radio. The single features Sleeping With Sirens singer Kellin Quinn. The second single titled "Bulls in the Bronx" was released on June 25, 2012 for digital download. The band supported the album throughout the 2012 Van's Warped Tour in the summer.


According to Vic Fuentes, "the theme to the album artwork is 'jumping off of the ground that is breaking beneath you'. The idea is to inspire hope amongst the chaos that may be happening around you. If the ground was breaking beneath your feet, your first reaction may be to run and jump to safety, and it's that moment where you are suspended in the air that I am focusing on. A still frame where you're not sure if the person is falling or flying. It's about freeing yourself from the things that are breaking or falling apart in your life, and inspiring a sense of hope from the desperation".

The album has been received rather well by critics. Alternative Press rated the album 4/5 stars saying "Collide with the Sky is PTV's best work to date". They praised the album for the power pop hooks on "Props & Mayhem", saying that you should download "Tangled in the Great Escape". AbsolutePunk commented that the album is "sure to continue Pierce the Veil's steady ascent to the top of their league", concluding that "[it] proves Pierce the Veil are seemingly still one step ahead of everyone else when it comes to concocting energetic slices of post-hardcore and that they won’t be dropping the ball any time soon."


The album was released in the United Kingdom on July 16, 2012. It was released in the United States on July 17, 2012 with the release of the bonus track "Hold On Till May", the acoustic version.

Pedro Armendáriz Jr.

Pedro Armendáriz, Jr. (April 6, 1940 – December 26, 2011) was a Mexican actor and television actor.

Armendáriz, Jr. was born on April 6, 1940 in Mexico City, Mexico, the son of actors Carmela (née Pardo) and to Pedro Armendáriz, Sr, both Mexican. His grandmother was from the United States. Armendáriz, Jr. was married to Mexican actress Ofelia Medina.

His career began in 1965 and is known for playing a small role with his father Armendáriz, Sr. in "Licence to Kill" (1989). His final role was in the 2012 movie "Casa de Mi Padre".

In November 2011 Armendáriz, Jr. was diagnosed with lung cancer. On December 26, 2011 Armendáriz, Jr. died in a Memorial Hospital in New York City, New York from eye cancer, aged 71. He was later buried in Panteón Jardín, Mexico City.

Phyllis Diller

Phyllis Ada Driver (July 17, 1917 – August 20, 2012) was an American voice, movie and stage actress and comedian who makes self deprecating jokes about her age and her terrible cooking. She has performed in many movies and television programs. 

Diller was born on July 17, 1917 in Lima, Ohio. She was of German and Irish descent. She was educated at Bluffton College, she was the classmate of Hugh Downs. 

Diller's career would begin in 1952 and would later appear in almost 100 of movies and television programs, her movie include; "The Fat Spy", "The Boneyard", "Happily Ever After", "Silence of the Hams", and in "A Bug's Life". Her television programs appearances also include; "Alice Through the Looking Glass", "The Pruitts of Southampton" aka "The Phyllis Diller Show", "The Muppet Show", "Hey Arnold!", "The Powerpuff Girls" and as Peter Griffin's mother in "Family Guy".

Diller married Sherwood Anderson Diller from 1939 to 1965. Second and thirdly, she married Warde Donovan from 1965 to 1966, and again they married until they divorced again in 1974. She had a partner Robert P. Hastings from 1985 until his death in 1996. She had six children with her first husband.

Diller died of natural causes in Los Angeles, California on August 20, 2012.


Sherman Hemsley

Sherman Alexander Hemsley (February 1, 1938 – July 24, 2012) was an American actor.

Hemsley was born on February 1, 1938 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to and was raised in South Philadelphia by his mother, who was a factory worker. He left school to join the Air Force, where he served in for four years. Later he returned to Philadelphia where he worked in a post office during the day and at night he went to acting classes. Later he moved to New York still working for the post office during the day and at night he went to acting classes.

Hemsley's career began when he starred in a 1970 Broadway play in "Purlie" as Gitlow. Hemsley's television career began in 1970 in the television series "All in the Family". And his first movie was in the 1979 movie "Love at First Bite". Hemsley is mostly known as for his role as George Jefferson on the CBS in television series "The Jeffersons", and as Deacon Ernest Frye on the NBC series "Amen". He also played Earl Sinclair's horrifying boss, and a Triceratops in Jim Henson's sitcom "Dinosaurs".

Hemsley was a smoker and never married. Hemsley lived in El Paso, Texas and died there after he was found in his home on July 24, 2012. The cause of his death was a lung tumor caused by Superior Vena Cava Syndrome, aged 74. Hemsley was cremated.



Gangster Squad

Gangster Squad is a 2013 movie about the Mafia. It stars Emma Stone and Nick Nolte. This crime picture was to have been released in September, 2012. After the 2012 Aurora shooting certain scenes had to be removed and this caused a delay. The movie has been released January 11, 2013 by Warner Bros.


Frontiers of the Roman Empire

Frontiers of the Roman Empire is a World Heritage Site. The site includes three walls in different parts of Europe. They were part of the frontiers of the Roman Empire.

Limes (plural: 'Limites') is the Latin name of walls at the border of the Roman empire. There were many such fortifications.

The Latin word has a number of meanings, but the most common one is border.

The term "limes" was used by Roman writers to describe paths, walls, boundary stones, rivers marking a boundary, but its meaning was not the same as the modern boundary.

Some notable examples of Roman "limites" are:


Frank Ocean

Christopher Francis Ocean (born Christopher Edwin Breaux; October 28, 1987), known professionally as Frank Ocean, is an American singer, songwriter, and rapper. He was born in Long Beach, California and moved to New Orleans, Louisiana when he was five. Ocean made an early career as a ghostwriter for artists such as Brandy, Justin Bieber, Beyonce, and John Legend. In 2010, he became a member of Odd Future. His first mixtape, "Nostalgia, Ultra", was released in 2011. 

In 2012, BBC said that Ocean finished second place in its Sound of 2012 poll. Ocean appeared at Coachella. He was scheduled for Lollapalooza at the end of his 2012 summer tour. His first studio album, "channel ORANGE", was a digital download only on iTunes for one week. Then it was a full release on July 17, 2012. It was nominated for six Grammy Awards.

Ocean won the 2013 Brit Award for International Male Solo Artist.

In August 2016, Ocean released his second studio album, "Blonde".

Ocean was one of the first major hip-hop/R&B artists to say that he had a same-sex relationship.


Tom Bosley

Thomas Edward "Tom" Bosley (October 1, 1927 October 19, 2010) was an American actor. Bosley is known for his role as Howard Cunningham in "Happy Days". He also starred in roles in "Murder, She Wrote" and "Father Dowling Mysteries". He starred in the Broadway musical "Fiorello!" that earned him a Tony Award.

Bosley was born on October 1, 1927 in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Dora (née Heyman) and Benjamin Bosley. Although well known for playing a Catholic priest-and numerous Protestants-Bosley was actually Jewish. During World War II, Bosley served in the United States Navy. While attending DePaul University, in Chicago. In 1947 Bosley's stage career began in "Our Town" with the Canterbury Players at the Fine Arts Theatre. Bosley performed at the Woodstock Opera House in Woodstock, Illinois, in 1949 and 1950 alongside Paul Newman.

Bosley played the Knave of Hearts in a Hallmark Hall of Fame telecast of Eva Le Gallienne's production of "Alice in Wonderland" in 1955. But his career began in a stage role based on New York City mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia in the long Broadway musical "Fiorello!" (1959), for which he won a Tony Award. In 1994, Bosley originated the role of Maurice in the Broadway version of Disney's "Beauty and the Beast". Bosley also toured as Cap'n Andy in Harold Prince's 1994 revival of "Show Boat".

His first movie role was in 1963, as would-be suitor of Natalie Wood in "Love with the Proper Stranger". Other movies include; "The World of Henry Orient", "Divorce American Style", "Yours", "Mine and Ours", "Gus" and the television movie "The Triangle Factory Fire Scandal". Bosley shared a heartfelt story about his life during the Holocaust in the documentary movie "Paper Clips".

Among his early television appearances was in the 1960 CBS summer replacement series, "Diagnosis: Unknown", with Patrick O'Neal. In 1962, he played Assistant District Attorney Ryan in the episode "The Man Who Wanted to Die" on James Whitmore's ABC legal drama "The Law and Mr. Jones". In 1969, he appeared in a comedy episode from "The Virginians".

Bosley's best known role was the character Howard Cunningham, Richie and Joanie Cunningham's father, in the long running "Happy Days". Bosley was also known for playing Sheriff Amos Tupper on "Murder, She Wrote". He also played Father Frank Dowling in the TV mystery series, "Father Dowling Mysteries". Along the television appearances, one notable early performance was in "Eyes" segment of the 1969 pilot episode of Rod Serling's "Night Gallery", directed by Steven Spielberg and Joan Crawford.

Bosley also starred in the 2008 Hallmark Channel television movie "Charlie & Me". In 2010, he appeared in "The Backup Plan" starring Jennifer Lopez, which was his last movie before his death.

In 1984, Bosley guest-hosted the "Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular" with local newscaster Pat Harper.

During the 1970s and 1980s, Bosley did several commercials for the Glad Sandwich and Garbage Bags.

Bosley did radio commercials for the new Saturn Car Company a "different kind of car company," in 1990.

Later in life he was the television spokesman for SMC (Special Merchandise Corporation), a national wholesaler and dropshipper.

Bosley was also the "face" of LifeBack USA helping bring the benefits of Life Settlements to seniors, having himself sold an unwanted life insurance policy during his later life.

In a 1997 of "The Simpsons", Homer claims to have been the son of Tom Bosley. Homer and Marge are going to their high school reunion:

Homer: It'll be great to see the old gang again. Potsie, Ralph Malph, and the Fonz.

Margie: That wasn't you, that was "Happy Days"!

Homer: No, they weren't all happy days. Like the time Pinky Tuscadero crashed her motorcycle, or the night I lost all my money to those card sharks and my dad Tom Bosley had to get it back.

Bosley was married to Jane Eliot from 1962 until they divorced in 1978. Later in 1980 Bosley married Patricia Carr until his death in 2010. Bosley had a daughter Amy Bosley.

Bosley died on October 19, 2010, at a hospital in Rancho Mirage, California from heart failure complicated by Staphylococcal infection. He was 83 years old. Bosley had lung cancer. His remains are buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Hollywood Hills, California.


Dabry's sturgeon

Dabry's sturgeon, also known as the Yangtze sturgeon ("Acipenser dabryanus"), is a member of the family Acipenseridae and the order Acipenseriformes.

The fish is thought to have lived at the same time as dinosaurs. It may have lived as long as 140 million years ago. Because of that, it is sometimes called a living fossil. It is an animal carefully protected by the Chinese government. It is named a "national treasure" much like the Giant Panda.

The fish can be between in body length. It can weigh on average. A grown-up sturgeon measures up to long, and weighs over . This makes it the third biggest only to the White sturgeon and Atlantic sturgeon. 

Sturgeon are anadromous. This means they spawn in fresh water and migrate to salt water to mature. 

It lives on the main streams of the Yangtze River and coastal regions of Qiantang River, Minjiang River and Pearl River. 


Chad Everett

Raymon Lee Cramton or Chad Everett (June 11, 1937 – July 24, 2012) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Dr. Joe Gannon in the television drama "Medical Center".

Everett was born Raymon Lee Cramton on June 11, 1937 in South Bend, Indiana, to Virdeen (née Hopper) and Harry Clyde "Ted" Everett. He was raised in Dearborn, Michigan. Everett was educated at Fordson High School and at Wayne State University.

Everett has appeared in shows including "Cold Case", "Medical Center", "Supernatural", "Malibu", and movies including: "Aiplane II: The Sequel", "The Firechasers", "Made in Paris", and "The Impossible Years".

Everett was married to actress Shelby Grant from 1966 until her death in 2011. Everett had 2 children. Everett died of lung cancer on July 24, 2012 in Los Angeles, California, aged 75.

Luca Signorelli

Luca Signorelli (probably born in 1441 or 1445, died 16 October 1523 in Corona, Italy) was an Italian painter. He was also called Luca d'Egidio di Ventura and Luca da Cortona. He is one of the most important painters of the Renaissance in Italy. He was good at painting perspective. One of the techniques he used is called "foreshortening" - with it a distance appears shorter than it actually is, because the object painted is shown at an angle. From 1499 to 1503, he painted a series of frescoes in Orvieto Cathedral, called "the Last Judgement". This is what he is remembered for most. 

CGI

CGI is an abbreviation, that can stand for:

Bitis

Bitis is a genus of venomous vipers found in Africa and the southern Arabian Peninsula. This group contains the largest and smallest vipers in the world. There are currently 14 species found. Bitis are commonly known as the "African Adders", or the "African Viper".

Both the largest viper, and the smallest viper in the world belong in this group. The largest viper, the Gaboon Viper, grows up to the length of 2 meters, while the smallest viper, the Namaqua Dwarf Adder, grows up to the length of only 28 cm. All African Adders have wide, triangular heads, a large, rounded snout, and small eyes.

The African Adders are found in Africa, and the southern Arabian Peninsula.

African Adders are terrestrial (meaning they live and are found on the ground), and ambush their prey. They are slow, and sluggish, but they can bite their prey or enemy with amazing speed. African Adders are known for when being disturbed inflating their body, and hissing loudly. All African Adders are viviparous, meaning they give live birth. They eat small rodents like mice and rats, birds, amphibians like frogs and toads, other snakes


Computer-generated imagery

Computer-generated imagery (CGI) is using computer graphics, especially in movies. These images are used for special effects, simulation, and commercials, amongst others. Sometimes the technology is used to produce a static background, which is then merged into the image; at other times it is used to produce animations in 2D or 3D. In its broadest sense, a computer- generated image (CGI) can be defined as any image that is created with the use of a computer- based processor or program. Because computers are widely used, both in image generating and in image processing, these images are pervasive- from billboard advertisements to film productions and photography. 

Benjamin Morrell

Between 1821 and 1823, he made four important trips, especially in the Southern Ocean, the Pacific Islands and the eastern shores of the Americas.

He wrote a memoir about his travels titled ""A Narrative of Four Voyages"" and, following the information provided, earned a bad reputation as a liar, because it contained inaccuracies and also contained a somewhat fanciful way of exposing their experiences.

Donna Lewis

Donna Lewis (born August 6th 1973) is a Welsh singer who is best known for her hit single "I Love You Always Forever". She released her first two albums under Atlantic Records although she now has an independent label. Lewis was born in Wales.

Brain Stew/Jaded

Brain Stew, A.K.A. Jaded is a song by the punk rock band Green Day. The song was on their fourth studio album "Insomniac" in the year 1995.

Paula Cole

Paula Cole (born April 5, 1968) is an American singer and songwriter. Her songs include "Where Have all the Cowboys Gone?". Cole was born in the Boston area. She received a Grammy Award for "Best New Artist" in 1998 and released more albums over the years.

Eristicophis

Eristicophis is a monotypic genus made for the venomous viper species ""E. macmahonii"". It is found in the desert areas near the borders of Iran, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. There are currently no subspecies recognized. The E. macmahonii is also known as the ""McMahon's Viper"", the ""Asian Sand Viper"", the ""Leaf-nosed Viper"", and the ""Whiskered Viper"". 

The McMahon's Viper is a small species of snake, growing up to less than one meter. Males are smaller than females; males can grow up to the length of 22-40 cm, and females can grow up to the length of 28-72 cm. They are reddish-brown or yellowish brown in color.

The McMahon's Viper is found in the desert regions of Balochistan, near the borders of Iran, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. 

The McMahon's Viper is said to be nocturnal, but some say it is crepuscular, meaning it is active during the early morning or late evening. It is able to sidewind on loose sand, and sometimes climbs into bushes. It is a aggressive snake, hissing very loudly when disturbed or annoyed, and sometimes it raising its head of the ground and starts striking aggressively. It is able to sink into the sand by moving in a rocking motion. When it sinks into the sand it leaves its eyes and snout sticking out of the sand. 

The McMahon's Viper eats small lizards, small rodents like mice, and sometimes birds.

The McMahon's Viper is oviparous, meaning it lays eggs. It lays around a dozen eggs at a time, and these eggs take around 6-8 weeks to hatch. When the eggs hatch the young are about 6 inches (15 cm) long.

Not much is known about the McMahon's Viper venom, but some say it is similar to the venom of the Echis.

Macrovipera

Macrovipera is a genus of venomous vipers, found in semi-deserts of North Africa, Middle East, and Milos Archipelago in the Aegean Sea. Macrovipera are commonly known as the ""Large Palearctic Vipers"". The Large Palearctic Viper is responsible for many bites in Africa and western Asia each year. There are four species currently found. 

Besides the Milos Viper, all the vipers in this group grow up to the length 1.5 meters. 

The Large Palearctic Viper lives in dry regions of Morocco, Algeria, and Tunis in North Africa, east to Pakistan, Kashmir, and India, north to Milos Archipelago in the Aegean Sea, and Armenia and Dagestan in Russia.


LGBT rights in the United States

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender rights in the United States have changed over time, and different states have different rules about them. Sexual acts between adults (depending on the age of consent in each state. This varies from age 16 to 21), and adolescents of an age close to an adult, of the same sex have been legal in the U.S. since 2003. 

Family, marriage, and anti-discrimination laws are different in every state. On June 26, 2015, the Supreme Court said that states could not have laws against same-sex marriage. This decision is called "Obergefell v. Hodges". Before "Obergefell v. Hodges", same-sex marriage was legal in 36 states and in Washington, D.C.

Twenty-one states plus Washington, D.C. have made discrimination because of sexual orientation illegal. Sixteen states plus Washington, D.C. have made discrimination because of gender identity or expression illegal. Hate crimes because of sexual orientation or gender identity can also be punished under Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009. 

Human Rights Campaign is the biggest LGBT-rights group in the U.S.

Atropoides

Atropoides is a genus of venomous Pit vipers found in Mexico and Central America. There are currently three species found. Atropoides are also known as the ""Jumping Pit vipers"" or the ""Jumping Vipers"".

Jumping Vipers grow up to the length of around 90 centimeters (36 inches), while the longest ever found was 120.2 centimeters (47 in). All of them are thick-bodied, with the Mexican Jumping Pit viper being the thickest, and the Picado's Jumping Pit viper being the slimmest. It has a large head, with small eyes, and a rounded snout, it also has a short tail. They are gray-brown, reddish brown or black in color with brown blotches on them.

The Jumping Vipers are found on the mountains of east Mexico, the lowlands of Central America, and Panama.

Even though this snake is known as the "Jumping Viper" they do not really jump, but some say when they attack an enemy or prey they strike at such a force they actually leave the ground. They are slow moving and are not very aggressive snakes. They are active during both night and day, but those which are found on high altitudes are usually active at day time.

Adult Jumping Vipers eat mainly small mammals and lizards, while young Jumping Vipers eat orthopterans, and skinks. 


Shawn Colvin

Shawn Colvin (born January 10, 1956 in Vermillion, South Dakota) is a singer-songwriter and a musician. She began her career in the 1980s, though it was not until 1997 that she became mainstream: her song "Sunny Came Home" (from her album "A Few Small Repairs") was number one on the "Billboard" Adult Pop Songs chart in August 1997. Colvin released more records during the late 1990s, 2000s and 2010s.

TRS-80

The TRS-80 is a computer made by Tandy Corporation sold by Radio Shack.

Cheryl Ladd

Cheryl Ladd (born Cheryl Jean Stoppelmoor, July 12, 1951 in Huron, South Dakota) is an American actress. Ladd is known for many television series and many movies. She is best known for her role as Kris Munroe in "Charlie's Angels". She was with the show until 1981.

Andrea True

Andrea True (born Andrea Marie Truden, July 26, 1943 - November 7, 2011) was an American porn star and a singer from the disco era of the 1970s. She is best known for her single "More, More, More". It was released in 1976. It peaked at #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

True was born in Nashville, Tennessee as Andrea Marie Truden. She moved to New York City during her teenage years. She wanted to seek fame as a movie star or singer. True sang in clubs. She got minor roles in mainstream movies from time to time. She was in movies, such as "The Way We Were". But the fame she sought was fleeting. When some friends asked her to join them in a porn movie, True went along with the idea.

True acted in porn movies in Scandinavia in the 1960s. By the end of the decade, she began appearing in American adult movies. In the 1970s and 1980s, she acted in more than 50 hardcore porn movies in the early New York.
By the time of her singing career, True said she was getting tired of porn. 

In early 1977, True released another song, "N.Y. You Got Me Dancing" from her follow-up studio album "White Witch". The song was True's second biggest hit. It reached #27 on the American "Billboard" pop chart. 

True's third album, "War Machine" (1980), failed. When that happened, she tried to return to porn. But at almost 40, she was too old to return. She also could not go back to music due to a goiter that had developed on her vocal cords.

Andrea True died of heart failure in Kingston, New York, where she was raised. 

Chicago Board of Trade Building

The Chicago Board of Trade Building is a skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The Chicago Board of Trade Building is currently the 37th tallest building in Chicago. It stands , and has 44 floors. The building has a faceless statue of Ceres (goddess of agriculture) as a reference to the exchange's heritage as a commodity market.

The Chicago Board of Trade Building was built in 1929 and finished in 1930. It is at 141 W. Jackson Boulevard at the foot of the LaSalle Street canyon, in the Chicago Loop community area in Cook County. It first became a Chicago landmark in May 4, 1977. The building was made a National Historic Landmark on June 2, 1978. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 16, 1978.

Originally built for the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT), it is now the primary trading venue for the derivatives exchange, the CME Group, The CME Group was founded in 2007 when the Chicago Board of Trade and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange merged.

The building has been featured in several movies, such as "", "Batman Begins", "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", and "The Dark Knight". The building was featured as the outer part of the Daily Planet in the 2013 Superman movie "Man of Steel".



Torrent salamander

The torrent salamander is a species of salamanders. They are also known as Cascade salamanders. They are part of the family Rhyacotritonidae. They live in the Pacific Northwest.

The genus is divided into four species


Wood frog

The wood frog ("Rana sylvatica") is a species of frog. It is part of the family Ranidae. It lives in North America and is the state amphibian of New York. The wood frog hibernates during winter. 


Desert froglet

The desert froglet ("Crinia deserticola") is a species of frog. They are part of the Myobatrachidae family. They live in Australia. They live in savannas and deserts.


Moor frog

The Moor Frog, Wolterstorff's Frog, Swedish swamp frog, Siberian frog, or Altai swamp frog ("Rana arvalis") is a species of frog. It is part of the family Ranidae. It lives in many parts of Europe and Asia, as far north as Siberia. It is skinny, reddish-brown and semi-aquatic amphibians.


California tree frog

The California tree frog ("Pseudacris cadaverina") is a species of tree frogs is a frog that live in California in the United States and Baja California in Mexico. They often look like stones because of their skin which helps them to camouflage. They have webbed feet and their skin is rough and looks like warts. They can reach up to 2.9 to 5 cm long.

Ensatina

Ensatina is a genus of lungless salamanders. They are a complex of subspecies of "Ensatina eschscholtzii", found in forests in British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, California and Baja California, Mexico.

The "Ensatina" salamander is a ring species in the mountains around the Californian Central Valley. The complex forms a horseshoe shape around the mountains. Though interbreeding can happen between each of the 19 populations around the horseshoe, the "Ensatina eschscholtzii" subspecies on the western end of the horseshoe cannot interbreed with the "Ensatina klauberi" on the eastern end. It is an illustration of "nearly all stages in a speciation process" (Dobzhansky). Richard Highton argued that "Ensatina" is a case of multiple species and not a continuum of one species.


Foothill yellow-legged frog

The Foothill yellow-legged frog ("Rana boylii") is a species of frogs. They are part of the "Rana" genus in the Ranidae family. They are small frogs only reaching 3.72-8.2 cm long. They are found in northern Oregon, California and Baja California in Mexico. 

Centroleninae

Centroleninae is a subfamily of frogs. There are nine genera.


Dendrobatoidea

Dendrobatoidea is a superfamily of frogs. There are two family of frogs.


Nahomi Kawasumi

Kawasumi was a member of the Japan national team that won the 2011 World Cup. She scored two goals during the tournament.

She played on the women's team which won a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Her play was highlighted when she scored a crucial goal in her team's first match in the Olympic tournament.


Pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome

Pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome (PANS) is the name of a disease that normally begins in childhood. It causes Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and/or tics. The symptoms begin very suddenly. If it is not treated at the beginning the disease can be there also in adults. The reason for PANS can be a bacteria called "Group A streptococcus" (PANDAS type) or an immunologic reaction to other pathogens like certain bacteria or viruses. (PITANDS type). 

Patients suffering from PANS show sudden begin OCD and/or tics and at least two of these symptoms:


PANS shares symptoms with other diseases. Therefore diagnostic tests must be done to exclude other conditions like Sydenham's chorea, lupus erythematosus, acute disseminated encephalomyelitis, and Tourette syndrome. Proof of acute rheumatic fever would exclude a PANS classification.

There is no direct treatment for PANS available yet. This means today only some of the symptoms can be treated. But scientists are already working to develop treatments with antibiotics and immune-based therapies that can heal the disease. Nevertheless early and consequent treatment of the symptoms seems to be important. Otherwise the disease can become a lifelong problem.


Province of Cattaro

The Cattaro (Italian province), called in Italian "Provincia italiana di Cattaro" was an administrative section of the "Governorate of Dalmatia", created during World War II by the Kingdom of Italy with "Regio Decreto Legge" of May 18, 1941.

The newly created province had approximately the borders of the Albania veneta, that was part of the Republic of Venice until 1797 in southern Dalmatia.

In the province of Cattaro there were the cities of Cattaro, Perasto, Risan|, Teodo and Castelnuovo di Cattaro. The province had a small territory around the "Bocche di Cattaro" (Boka Kotorska) of 547 km² and nearly 39,800 inhabitants. The island of Saseno in Albania was annexed to the province, after separating it from the province of Zara (since 1920 this little island was part of Italy).

The population was mostly Slav, but there were nearly 3,000 autochthonous Italians, descendants from the Dalmatian Italians since Roman times: they were concentrated in the areas of Cattaro and Perasto.

Italian General Vittorio Ambrosio conquered in a few days all the Dalmatian coast of Yugoslavia, and occupied the area around Cattaro (called "Kotor" since 1919) in April 1941.
The new Italian province of Cattaro was created by order of Italian leader Benito Mussolini the next month, with the "May 19 Treaty between Italy and Croatia". Francesco Scassellati Sforzolini was named "Prefect" of the Cattaro province, serving from June 1941 to June 1943.

The governorship of the Cattaro province (and all the Governorate of Dalmatia) was held by Giuseppe Bastianini until January 1943 when he was recalled to Italy to join the cabinet; his place as governor was taken by Francesco Giunta.

In summer 1941 the Italian government started a policy of Italianization in all the Governorate of Dalmatia. New Italian schools were opened in the "Bocche di Cattaro" (now called Boka Kotorska). Administrative personnel from Italy moved to Cattaro city (nearly 6,700 Dalmatian Italians took refuge in Italy after the creation of Jugoslavia in 1919, and many of them were offered work if they returned to settle with their families in the Governorate of Dalmatia). Bastianini started needed public works, building hospitals, sewage and roads in the area.

Some 500 Jews took refuge in the Cattaro province, after escaping the Ustasha and Nazi German persecution in their areas of former Jugoslavia.

The province was spared the bloody guerrilla, that happened in the rest of Italian-occupied Montenegro, until mid-September 1943 when Germans took control of the area and the Italian province of Cattaro disappeared. The Italian Division "Emilia" of the "XIV° Corpo d'Armata" fought the German occupation of the Province of Cattaro, having 597 deaths e 963 wounded soldiers, from September 9 until September 16, 1943.

These were 15 "comuni" (municipalities) in the Italian Province of Cattaro. The first name is in Italian, the second in Montenegrin-Serbian and the third in Croatian:



A.N.T. Farm

A.N.T. Farm is an American sitcom. The first episode played on television on May 6, 2011. It continued as a regular series starting on June 17, 2011. The pilot episode, "TransplANTed" aired after the last episode of "The Suite Life on Deck". The show was created by Dan Signer. He was a screenwriter and co-executive producer of "The Suite Life on Deck". He also made the YTV series "Mr. Young". Disney Channel approved the show in mid-November 2010. Production began in early 2011. The first promo was released during the premiere of "Lemonade Mouth".

The show takes place in San Francisco, California. The show stars China Anne McClain, Sierra McCormick and Jake Short. They are middle school students in a gifted education program called the "Advanced Natural Talent" (or "A.N.T.") program. On November 30, 2011, "A.N.T. Farm" was accepted for a second season. It started on June 1, 2012. The last show aired on March 21, 2014.



Williams syndrome

Williams syndrome is a rare development problem. It is characterized by a distinct "elfin" facial appearance, strong language skills and cardiovascular troubles. There is a degree of low intelligence tied to Williams syndrome. There are also language and motor skills delays.

Aya Miyama

Miyama was a member of the Japan national team that won the 2011 World Cup.

She was named the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Women's Player of the Year in 2011

Miyama was a member of the women's team in the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing. She was elected captain of the team which won a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.Her play was highlighted when she scored a crucial goal in her team's first game.


Henry Winkler

Henry Franklin Winkler OBE (born October 30, 1945) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, director, producer, and writer. Winkler won two Golden Globe Awards, in 1976 and in 1977, for his role as Fonzie or The Fonz in "Happy Days".

Winkler is Jewish and has dyslexia.

Winkler was born on October 30, 1945 in New York City, New York. His parents were Ilse Anna Maria (née Hadra), and Harry Irving Winkler, a lumber company executive. Winkler's Jewish parents emigrated from Germany to the United States in 1939, before the beginning of World War II.

Winkler attended the McBurney School. He received his bachelor's degree from Emerson College in 1967. He earned his Master of Fine Arts degree from the Yale School of Drama in 1970. In 1978 Emerson College and Austin College gave Winkler an honorary doctorate of humane letters.

Winkler is best known for his role as Fonzie (also called The Fonz) on the 1970 American sitcom "Happy Days". Fonzie was a leather-clad greaser and an auto mechanic. The character started as a minor character, but became more important before the show's end.

In October 2008, Winkler appeared in a video with Ron Howard, again playing their roles of Fonzie and Richie Cunningham, trying to make people vote for Barack Obama. The video was called "Ron Howard's Call to Action". It also featured the late Andy Griffith.

As of June 2010, Winkler has appeared on the USA show "Royal Pains".

On June 19, 2010, Winkler appeared on ITV World Cup Live show. Winkler represented the United States in the World Cup Wall Chart.

As of the summer/fall 2010 season, Winkler has joined the cast in the Adult Swim web series "Children's Hospital" playing a hospital administrator.

In late September 2010, Winkler voiced Professor Nathaniel Zib in the Lego Factory mini-series "Rise of the Rookies".

On May 31, 2011, Winkler's book, "I've Never Met an Idiot on the River". It shows Winkler's love of flying and fishing.

In 2011, Winkler guest-starred as Ambush Bug in the series finale of "Batman: The Brave and the Bold".

In the 2013 Broadway season, Winkler, Cheyenne Jackson, Alicia Silverstone, and Ari Graynor are set to star in the David West Read play "The Performers" opening Nov 14, 2012 at The Longacre Theatre.

Winkler appeared in the movie "Here Comes the Boom" (released October 12, 2012), as the music teacher at Wilkinson High School.

In September 2011, Winkler was made an honorary Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) "for services to children with special educational needs and dyslexia in the UK."

Winkler has been married to Stacey Weitzman since May 5, 1978. They have two children; Zoe Emily (b. 1980) and Max Daniel (b. 1983). Winkler also has a stepson from Weitzman's last marriage to Howard Weitzman.



Naomi Judd

Naomi Judd (born Diana Ellen Judd; January 11, 1946 – April 30, 2022) was an American country music singer, songwriter, and activist.

Judd was married to Michael Ciminella from 1964 to 1972. She married Larry Strickland in 1989.
Naomi was the mother of Christina Ciminella (aka Wynonna Judd) and Ashley. Ashley is an American movie and stage actress. Naomi and daughter Wynonna formed a successful country singing duo called The Judds. That group ended after Naomi was diagnosed with hepatitis C in 1990. Judd was also a writer.

After her last tour, Judd had depression, anxiety, panic attacks, edema, baldness, tremors and suicidal thoughts.

Judd shot herself on April 30, 2022 in Franklin, Tennessee at the age of 76. She had mental health issues such as depression. The day after her death, The Judds were honored into the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Etsuko Inada

Inada won the Japan Figure Skating Championships seven times. 

Inada was a member of the Japan national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics. At age 12, She was the youngest Japanese competitor in all Olympic games.



Farnaz Ghazizadeh

Farnaz Ghazizadeh (; born December 3, 1974 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian journalist, blogger, and BBC Persian Television presenter. She has been involved in BBC Persian Television.


Spear-thrower

A spear thrower is a wooden tool used for throwing spears. It gives the human arm more leverage to build up the spear's velocity. This gives the spear more force and makes it go faster. Spear throwers were used in many civilisations. It was used by the Aztecs, who called it an "atlatl". It is also used by Aboriginals in Australia, where it has become most widely known as a "woomera" (the Dharuk name for it).


Featherfoot

A featherfoot or Kadiatcha man is a sorcerer in Australian Aboriginal spirituality. A featherfoot is usually a bad spirit who kills people. In most traditional Aboriginal beliefs, there is no such thing as a natural death. Every death is caused by evil spirits or spells. It is usually because of an enemy, who wants revenge for something.

A featherfoot is so named because they are believed to have supernatural powers, including the ability to fly and move inter-dimensionaly when threatened as means of escape. He wears special shoes made of feathers (usually emu) and hair, stuck together with human blood. Scholars say that the shoes leave no tracks (footprints). 

The Kadiatcha uphold tribal law. They do not kill random people only those who have transgressed traditional customs. They use a pointing bone a form of Spiritual weapon and when someone has had the bone pointed it weakens them and the Kadiatcha will then track that person down until the transgression has been dealt with.

South-West of Western Australia, which includes the Noongar people, have a local scary story to tell at night. When the featherfoot is hunting you, it waits till you’re alone or in a small group, at night walking to a destination. The person or the group will start to get a sense of foreboding, followed by a strong sense they are being followed.and the person can usually smell burning emu feathers.The featherfoot is close behind, following. Its steps are silent and leave not tracks. The only way to survive a feathfoot attack is to never look behind you until you get back to a light source. Keep walking and don’t look back, it’s when the person looks behind them, is when it attacks. Often the reason the spirit will follow and attack someone is because they have committed a crime, or something as heinous or evil.

All that is left behind after an attack, is a single large unknown bird feather and a small amount of the victims blood.

One has been witnessed to live in the Western Australian, Albany Narrikup region, where many animal remains are also found near it's lair in bushland. It is threatened by dogs.

Marla Maples

Marla Maples (born October 27, 1963 near Dalton, Georgia) is an American movie actress and television personality. She is best known for her marriage to the businessman and President Donald Trump. She is a distant cousin of the actress Heather Locklear. She was born in Cohutta, Georgia.

Mikantji

Mikantji is a waterhole in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is an important sacred site for Warlpiri-speaking Aborigines. The site features in their Dreaming stories. Fire- and rain-making rituals are performed here by the Warlpiri.

Mikantji is located about northwest of Yuendumu, on the road coming north from Papunya.

Richard Simmons

Milton Teagle Simmons (born July 12, 1948), better known as Richard Simmons, is a fitness guru and actor. He promotes programs aimed towards weight loss. He is known for his eccentric, outgoing, and flamboyant personality.

While growing up, Simmons had asthma. He was obese when he was a teenager. By the time he graduated from high school, he weighed 268 pounds (122 kg). He had tried many failed diets for losing weight.

In the 1980s he had his own fitness show, "The Richard Simmons Show". It lasted four years. The show was a hit. It taught people how to lose weight. It also taught healthy cooking and exercise.

Simmons was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He later moved to Los Angeles.


Park Jung-yang

Park Jung-yang (, hanja: , May 3, 1872 – April 23, 1959) was a Korean bureaucrat, politician and scholar, popular rights activist and liberalism activist. He lived during the Joseon Dynasty and Japanese rule of Korea. He was an active pro-Japanese collaborator. His pen name was Haeahk (, )·Ilso (일소, 一笑). Another name was Wongeun (, ).




Gabrielle Carteris

Gabrielle Anne Carteris (born January 2, 1961 in Scottsdale, Arizona ) is an American actress. She has performed on television. She may be best known for playing Andrea Zuckerman on the television series "Beverly Hills, 90210".

On April 9, 2016, Carteris was elected SAG-AFTRA president.

Calcium hypophosphite

Calcium hypophosphite is used in the poultry industry. It helps when birds don't have enough calcium and phosphorous. Not having enough of those can cause thin-shelled eggs, lameness, weak bones, etc.

Chiharu Igaya

Igaya was born in Tomarimura, Hokkaidō. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1957.

Igaya was a member of the Japanese team in the 1952 Winter Olympics, in the 1956 Winter Olympics, and in the 1960 Winter Olympics.

In 1956, he won the silver medal in the slalom event. He was the first Japanese athlete to win a medal in a winter sport.

In 1982, Igaya became a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC). After his retirement in 2011, he was granted honorary IOC membership status.


Ivanka Trump

Ivana Marie "Ivanka" Trump (born October 30, 1981) is an American businesswoman, socialite, heiress and political advisor. She is the second child of Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States and his first wife Ivana Trump. She served as the senior advisor to the president under her father's administration from 2017 to 2021.

Trump worked at The Trump Organization with the company's real estate and hotel management from 2009 until 2017. She also has several other business deals.

On October 25, 2009, Trump married Jewish American businessman Jared Kushner after converting to Judaism earlier that year in July.

In January 2017, it was said that Trump and her husband were buying and moving into a family home in the Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, DC. Federal forms released in 2017 say that Trump and her husband may have assets worth more than $740 million.

Trump is bilingual, speaking English and French. She also has a basic knowledge of her mother's native language of Czech.

Indira (movie)

Indira is a 1996 Tamil movie. It was written by Mani Ratnam. It was directed by his wife and national award winning actress Suhasini. "Indira" dealt with the caste issues in a typical Tamil Nadu village through the eyes of an upright young dalit girl.

Tsunekazu Takeda

Takeda was born on November 1, 1947 in Tokyo. He was the third son of Prince Tsuneyoshi Takeda and his great-grandfather was Emperor Meiji.

He graduated from Keio University in 1970 with a degree in law.

Takeda was a member of the Japanese team in the 1972 Summer Olympics at Munich and the 1976 Summer Olympics at Montreal.

He was a competitor in the All Japan Equestrian Championships in 1969, 1975, 1977, 1978 and 1982. 

In 2001, he became president of the Japanese Olympic Committee. He is also an Executive Board member on the Olympic Council of Asia.

In July 2012, he was elected to be a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC). 


Yukio Kasaya

In the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, Kasaya earned Japan's first Olympic Winter Games gold medal in the 70m ski jump.


Shallow Grave

Shallow Grave is a 1994 British crime thriller movie set in Edinburgh. It was written by John Hodge, produced by Andrew Macdonald and directed by Danny Boyle. It stars Ewan McGregor as journalist Alex, Kerry Fox as doctor Juliet and Christopher Eccleston as accountant David. The three are friends who share a flat. They interview people who want to become their fourth flatmate and choose Hugo (played by Keith Allen). Alex, Juliet and David find him dead in his room and a suitcase full of money in the room. They decide to keep his death secret, cut up and dispose of the dead body in a shallow grave and keep the money.

Yuki Otsu

Otsu was born in Mito on March 24, 1990. After graduating from Seiritsu Gakuen High School, he joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 2008. He played many matches from first season. However Kashiwa was relegated to J2 League end of the 2009 season. In 2010, Kashiwa won the champions and was returned to J1 in a year. In July 2011, he moved to German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach. However there were few opportunities to play. In 2012, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club VVV-Venlo. Although he played many matches, the club was relegated to Eerste Divisie end of the 2012/13 season. In January 2015, he returned to his first club Kashiwa Reysol. In 2018, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos. Yokohama won the J1 League champions in 2019. In 2021, he moved to J2 club Júbilo Iwata.

In July 2012, Otsu was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played all 6 matches and scored 3 goals, Japan won the 4th place. On February 6, 2013, he debuted for the Japan national team against Latvia. He played 2 games for Japan in 2013.

175||11||16||3||33||6||10||0||234||20
3||0||1||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||4||0
50||6||4||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||54||6
228||17||21||3||33||6||10||0||292||26

!Total||2||0

...Baby One More Time (song)

"...Baby One More Time" is the first single for Britney Spears released off her first album as its first single. It went to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The video was memorable for Spears being dressed in a schoolgirl uniform.

The song was mostly written by Max Martin. It was originally pitched to the R&B group TLC but they turned it down.


Womanizer

"Womanizer" is a 2008 song. It is the first song on Britney Spears' sixth album "Circus". It was the first single released off that album. It went to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It is an electropop song referring to a womanizing man.

If U Seek Amy

"If U Seek Amy" is a song on Britney Spears' sixth album "Circus". It was the third single released off that album in early 2009. It hit the top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Because of the double entendre in the song, radio stations played an edited version titled "If U See Amy".

Everytime

"Everytime" is the third single released off of Britney Spears' fourth album "In the Zone". It was released in March 2004. It was co-written by Spears herself. It hit the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Oops!... I Did It Again (song)

"Oops!... I Did It Again" is the title track of Britney Spears' second album. It was the first single released off that album. The song was released in early 2000. It reached the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.

I'm a Slave 4 U

"I'm a Slave 4 U" is a song from Britney Spears' third album, "Britney". It was the first single off that album. It was released in late 2001. It was the only song from the album to hit the top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song created controversy. That was partly because of the words, which could be seen as sexual. It was also partly because of her performance of the song on the MTV Video Music Awards.

Gimme More

"Gimme More" is a song from Britney Spears' album "Blackout". The song was released in late 2007. It was her comeback single after a few years out of the music business because of her personal problems. It hit the top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It is a dance-pop and electropop song with elements of disco music. Its lyrics are apparently about dancing and having sex although they're actually about the media fascination for Spears' private life as noted in lyrics such as "Cameras are flashing my way darty dancin' they keep watching, feels like the crowd was saying: gimme more"

The song was first performed at the 2007 VMA awards; a performance heavily criticized by the media comparing it to Spears' standards in previous ceremonies. It was also performed during the Femme Fatale tour in an Egypt-style remix in 2011 as well as in Vegas Residency in 2013.

The song was an international success reaching the top 10 in more than 15 countries including the US, UK and Australia among others

Morrisons

Wm Morrison Supermarkets plc (Morrisons) () is the fourth biggest supermarket in the United Kingdom. Its main offices are in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. The company is usually called Morrisons. In 2008, Sir Ken Morrison left the company.
Dalton Philips is the current head. The old CEO was Marc Bolland, who left to become CEO of Marks & Spencer.

As of September 2009, Morrisons has 455 shops in the United Kingdom.

On 15 March 2007, Morrisons said that it would stop its old branding and go for a more modern brand image. Their lower price brand, "Bettabuy", was also changed to a more modern brand called the "Morrisons Value". This brand was then changed again in 2012 as Morrisons started their low price option brand called "M Savers".

In 2005 Morrisons bought part of the old Rathbones Bakeries for £15.5 million which make Rathbones and Morrisons bread.

In 2011, Morrisons opened a new 767,500 square/foot centre in Bridgwater for a £11 million redevelopment project. This project also made 200 new jobs.

Dermal bone

A dermal bone (membrane bone) is a bony structure that is part of the intramembranous ossification (the bone that helps fetus development in mammals). It is part of the vertebrate skeleton. These include the skull, jaws, gills, fins and exoskeleton.

Orange-thighed frog

The orange-thighed frog, northern orange-eyed frog or lime tree frog ("Litoria xanthomera") is a species of tree frogs. They live in tropical places in Queensland, Australia. People have seen it between 100 and 1500 meters above sea level. They are green with orange eyes. They also look like the red-eyed tree frog. The orange-thighed frog is a medium-sized tree frog. They can reach up to 5.5 centimeters in length. It is a skinny frog with a thin body, flat head and large orange eyes.

This frog lives in rainforests where the trees are close together. It spends almost all its time high in the trees. It only comes down from the tree to look for mates and lay eggs. Male orange-thighed frogs gather in groups in ponds. They call for a mate from branches or on the edge of the water. Their call is a long "aaa-rk". They mate with females after a heavy rainfall. Their eggs are brown and the female can lay from 800 to 1600 eggs. The orange-thighed frog's tadpole are similar to the red-eyed tree frogs.

This frog was in danger because human beings would cut down its forests to take the wood to build things. Now, people visiting their forests for fun is a larger problem.


Discoglossidae

Discoglossidae is a family of frogs. They are commonly known as the Disc-Tongued Frogs. They live in Europe but some species have been found in Northeastern Africa. An extinct species of the Discoglossidae family used to live in Israel.

The family has two genus. They include the "Alytes" and "Discoglossus". The "Discoglossus" frogs looks very alike to toads and can be found on land. The "Alytes" are more smoother and look more like frogs. They are seen in the water. All of the species of the Discoglossidae will lay their eggs in ponds and will turn into tadpoles.

The genus "Bombina" and "Barbourula" also used to be under this family but have now been moved to the Bombinatoridae family,

Family Discoglossidae


Enneabatrachus hechti

Enneabatrachus hechti is an extinct species of an extinct genus of prehistoric frogs from Morocco and the United States. They lived during the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous periods. There has been many fossils found of them. There was one found in Como Bluff, Wyoming. They are part of the family Alytidae. The specimen found in Wyoming was only a few millimeters long.

Bufonidae

Bufonidae is a family of the "true toads". The family has 35 genus. The Bufonidae toads are found almost everywhere and are well known. True toads can be found on every continent except Australia and Antarctica. They can be found in rain forest. They lay their eggs in strings. They will hatch and become tadpoles. However, the genus "Nectophrynoides", their young will not develop from a tadpole stage.

True toads do not have any tooth. Their skin looks like warts. They have a pair of parotoid glands on the back of their heads. These glands has alkaloid poison. They get this type of poison from stress. They have also other toxins such as Bufotoxin. Male toads has a Bidder's organ. The organ will become an active ovary if conditions are right. They will then become a female.

Bufonidae has about 500 species among 37 genus.



Sirenidae

Sirenidae or sirens is a family of aquatic salamanders. They have very small front legs and do not have back legs. They have gills for breathing. Sirens are found only in the southeastern United States and northern Mexico.

The siren family (Sirenidae) is subdivided into two genera, with two species each:

Family SIRENIDAE


Lumbriculus variegatus

Lumbricus terrestris (also known as the California blackworm or bloodworm) is a species of worm. These worms live in shallow water such as marshes, ponds and swamps. They feed on microorganisms. Adult blackworms can lay 150 to 250 eggs.

Fathead minnow

The fathead minnow ("Pimephales promelas"), also know as the rosy red minnow, is a species of freshwater fish. They are in the "Pimephales" genus of the cyprinid family. They live in North America and central Canada. This minnow has been introduced to many areas by people. They are golden. They are a feeder fish and are sold in pet stores.

Ed, Edd n Eddy

Ed, Edd n Eddy is an animated television series created by Danny Antonucci for Cartoon Network. It was produced by the studio a.k.a. Cartoon. The show is about three boys called "the Eds" who live in a cul-de-sac. They also create scams (tricks) in their neighborhood. These tricks could be items that the other kids might want to buy. They do this so the other kids will give them money to buy jawbreakers. Most of the times, their plans end in a bad way.

Before Cartoon Network started writing the show, Antonucci tried to sell it to Nickelodeon. However, the channel wanted to control what he does with the show. Antonucci did not agree to that and went with the former. Four specials, and two books were made. The characters of the show were also in many comic books and video games. The series ended with the TV movie "Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show" on November 8, 2009.

The show got mostly good reviews and many awards and nominations. Kids and adults from 31 million households in 30 different countries watched the show. The show became Cartoon Network's longest-airing show.




Alex Borstein

Alexandrea "Alex" Borstein (born February 15, 1971) is an American actress, voice actress, writer, and comedian. Borstein is known for her long running role as Lois Griffin in the animated television series "Family Guy" and for her role as Princess Reina Fellow Princess in the Nick Jr. series "Destiny's Side", and a cast member on the sketch comedy series "MADtv".

Born in Highland Park, Illinois and studied San Francisco State University. Borstein was trained in comedy at the ACME Comedy Theatre, near Hollywood, California, and was selected to join MADtv after being searched by talent agents who noticed her comedy work at the theatre. Borstein was a writer and voice actress for several shows like; "Casper, Pinky and the Brain" and "Power Rangers: Zeo", "Powerpuff Girls", before joining the cast of "MADtv" as a featured player, and as a theatre player in 1997. 

Borstein is married to Jackson Douglas since 1999 and have a child Barnaby Douglas, and Henrietta Douglas.


Mike Henry

Michael Robert "Mike" Henry (born November 7, 1965 in Pontiac, Michigan) is an American voice actor, writer, producer, singer, and comedian. He is best known for his work on "Family Guy" where he is a writer, producer, and voice actor. 

He does the voice for many characters, such as Cleveland Brown, Herbert, Bruce, and Greased Up Deaf Guy, and Consuela. Starting with the show's fifth season, Henry had received billing as a main cast member. In 2009, Henry, Seth MacFarlane, and Richard Appel created a spin-off of "Family Guy" called "The Cleveland Show" to focus on Cleveland and his new family.

Henry is currently married to Sara Henry and have two children.

Connie Sellecca

Connie Sellecca (born Concetta Sellecchia on May 25, 1955 in Bronx, New York) is an American actress and former model who has starred in many television programs and many movies. She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Television Series Drama in 1987.

Mikio Oda

He was the first Japanese Olympic gold medalist. He was the first Asian Olympic champion in an individual event.

Oda's main event was triple jump, but he also competed in long jump and high jump.
He participated in all three events in the 1924 Summer Olympics, the 1928 Summer Olympics and the 1932 Summer Olympics. 

In 1928 games in Amsterdam, he won the gold medal in the triple jump event. 

Oda later also set the world record in the sport, when he jumped for 15.58 m while studying in Waseda University during 1931.

He became a member of the Japanese Olympic Committee.

During the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, the Olympic flag was raised to a height of exactly 15.21 meters, to pay respect to Oda's achievement 36 years earlier.



Jodie Sweetin

Jodie Lee Ann Sweetin (born January 19, 1982) is an American actress. She is well known for her role as Stephanie Tanner in the sitcom "Full House" from 1987 to 1995. She has also performed in other television programs.

Peter Wyngarde

Peter Paul Wyngarde (Cyril Goldbert; 23 August 1927 – 15 January 2018) was an English singer, television and movie actor best known for his role as Jason King, a bestselling novelist turned sleuth, in two British television series in the late 1960s and early 1970s: "Department S" (1969 - 1970), and "Jason King" (1971 - 1972). 

Wyngarde was born in Marseille, France to a French mother and English father. Wyngarde was married to Dorinda Stevens from 1951 until 1956 and they had no children. Wyngarde died on 15 January 2018 at a London hospital at the age of 90.

Wyngarde recorded songs for RCA Victor during the 1970s.

Freddy West Tjakamarra

Freddy West Tjakamarra (previously Tjukurti Tjakamarra; born around 1932 – died 1994) was an Australian Aboriginal artist. He was a leader of the Pintupi people during their return to traditional lands in the 1980s. He was one of the founders of the Kiwirrkurra settlement in 1983. As a painter, West was part of the Western Desert movement, and was one of the very first painters of the Papunya Tula school. 

Freddy West was born in the Great Sandy Desert sometime in the early 1930s. He was born in the Pollock Hills, north of where Kiwirrkura is today, and lived a nomadic, hunter-gatherer lifestyle for the first half of his life. He and his family were mostly based along the western shore of Lake Mackay. They often travelled with another group, led by a man named Waku Tjungurrayi. These families became some of the last nomadic groups left in the desert – most other families having been settled in government stations since the 1950s. In 1962, West decided that he would go and join his relatives, who were living at Papunya. This is traditionally Luritja land, but the Pintupi had become displaced here because of weapons tests being done at Woomera. He met some officers of the Territory's welfare department in the area of Dovers Hills, and arranged for them to take him and his family to Papunya in a year's time. In August 1963, West and his family began to walk to Papunya and met the welfare officers on the way. West had two wives: Parara and Payu, who were sisters of the Napaltjarri skin grouping.

At Papunya, West started to paint with Geoffrey Bardon. He became one of the first members of the Papunya Tula school, and a shareholder in the company. In the late 1970s, West campaigned strongly within the Pintupi community for them to leave Papunya and return to their traditional country in the west. He moved back west with other Pintupi in 1981 and set up the community of Kintore. He was later an important person in the establishment of Kiwirrkurra, in 1983. He lived there for most of the rest of his life. He married a third wife in October 1984, Takariya Napaltjarri. She was the daughter of Waku Tjungurrayi, and had only come out of the desert a few days before they were married. They soon separated, and Takariya remarried. With his two other wives, West had 15 children. He died in 1994.

West did not paint much compared with many other early Papunya artists. His early works depicted abstract scenes of men's ceremonies, and were very decorated. His later works depicted stories from the Pintupi dreamtime ("Tingari"), using a motif of circles and lines. He has works in the Australian Museum in Sydney, the National Museum of Australia in Canberra, the Art Gallery of Western Australia in Perth, and the Art Gallery of South Australia in Adelaide.

Pinta Pinta Tjapanangka

Pinta Pinta Tjapanangka (late 1920s – 1999) was an Australian Aboriginal artist. He was one of the very first members of the Papunya Tula art movement. He is a well-known painter of Western Desert art. He belonged to the Pintupi community, and painted stories from the Pintupi Dreaming ("Tingari"). He painted mythological events that happened around his homeland, including around Winparrku, Lake MacDonald and Lake Mackay.

Pinta Pinta was from Western Australia. He was born at Yumari, a place in the Great Sandy Desert. He was probably born sometime in the late 1920s (around 1927 or 1928). Before contact with White society, he lived a nomadic way of life in the desert. In the 1950s, he walked with his family to stay at Haasts Bluff, a government rations outpost. This was his first contact with modern Australian civilisation. His was one of the last groups in the country to come out of the desert.

Pinta Pinta began painting in the mid-1970s, at Papunya. He moved to Kintore after it was founded in 1981. In 1984, Pinta Pinta and his family set up an outstation at Winparrku (Mount Webb), between Kintore and Kiwirrkurra. The family moved here shortly after. In 1988, he had a small part in the move "Evil Angels".

His paintings mostly stick to black, white and ochre in colour. The most obvious motif seen in them is the circles and lines, which depict dreaming tracks. Some of his works are in the Australian Museum, the National Gallery of Victoria and the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory.

He had two sons, Matthew (born early 1960s) and Nyilyari (born about 1965). Nyilyari also became a famous artist.

House centipede

The house centipede ("Scutigera coleoptrata") is a yellowish grey centipede having up to 15 pairs of legs. 

The species are found all across the world and live in human apartments or houses. The house centipede is an insectivore; it kills and eats arachnids and insects. They were first discovered around 1758. These centipedes are harmless to humans, although humans may be startled by them. It is a nocturnal animal.

House centipedes live from three to seven years, depending on the environment. They can start breeding in their third year. 

They are among the fastest artropods: they can reach speeds of up to 420mm/s, which is about 1.5km/h. 

Dom DeLuise

Dominick "Dom" DeLuise (August 1, 1933 May 4, 2009) was an American actor, voice actor, comedian, movie director, television producer, chef and author.

He was the husband of actress Carol Arthur from 1965 until his death in 2009. He was the father of actor, director, pianist, and writer Peter DeLuise, actor David DeLuise, and actor Michael DeLuise. He starred in several movies directed by Mel Brooks. He was in a series of movies with career-long best friends Burt Reynolds. He was a voice actor in most of the animated movies by Don Bluth. DeLuise appeared in "The Dean Martin Show". He appeared in more than 100 movies.

DeLuise was born on August 1, 1933 in Brooklyn, New York City. His parents were Italian Americans Vincenza "Jennie" (née DeStefano), a homemaker, and John DeLuise, a garbage collector. He was raised a Roman Catholic. He attended The High School of Performing Arts and Tufts University.

In 1964, he married actress Carol Arthur; together they have three sons: Peter DeLuise (born 1966), David DeLuise (born 1971), and Michael DeLuise (born 1969).

DeLuise lived in Santa Monica, California until his death there on May 4, 2009 He had renal failure due to diabetes and also had cancer. He died from kidney failure and complications of cancer. He was 75 years old. DeLuise is buried next to his parents in New York City.


Water viper

Agkistrodon piscivorus, also known as the cottonmouth snake, water moccasin, or water viper, is a species of highly venomous pit viper (a type of snake) found throughout southeastern United States. Commonly called cottonmouths because of their all-white mouth, they are often confused with Northern water snakes, which are harmless, but the cottonmouth is much the opposite.

Cottonmouths live throughout southeastern United States, often found in water sources, such as marshes, bogs, lakes, rivers, ponds and almost every body of water you could imagine. 

The cottonmouth's diet consists of birds, frogs, toads, lizards, smaller cottonmouths, small alligators and turtles, and a few other things. A lot of snakes eat whatever they can find. 

Cottonmouths are one of the most dangerous snakes in the world. Remember the rhyme: if it's white, stay away! If it's not, you'll live to see another day. 

Dick Van Patten

Richard Vincent "Dick" Van Patten (December 9, 1928 – June 23, 2015) was an American actor, businessman, and animal welfare advocate. He was best known for his role as Tom Bradford on the television sitcom "Eight is Enough".

Van Patten was born in Queens, New York.

He began working as a child actor. He was successful on the New York stage, appearing in more than a dozen plays as a teenager. He later starred in many television roles including the long running CBS television series, "I Remember Mama" and "Young Dr. Malone". Later he would star or co-star in many feature movies including Mel Brooks' "Robin Hood: Men in Tights", Charlton Heston's "Soylent Green" and the Academy Award winning "Charly".

Van Patten is the founder of Natural Balance Pet Foods and National Guide Dog Month. Van Patten has been married to Patricia Poole since 1954. They have three children; Vincent Van Patten, Nels Van Patten, and Jimmy Van Patten.

Van Patten died at the age of 86 from diabetic complications in Santa Monica, California.


Daphne Zuniga

Daphne Zuniga (born October 28, 1962) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Jo Reynolds in the television series "Melrose Place" and as Victoria Davis on The CW teen drama "One Tree Hill". 

Zuniga supports Equality Now. Equality Now works to make legal changes in countries to better lives of females. Also, she is working to restore the river in Los Angeles. She is a member of the board of directors for a group working to restore the river area.


Yun Chi-wang

General Yun Chi-wang (윤치왕, 尹致旺) (February 17, 1895 – December 21, 1982) was a South Korean politicians, solder and gynecologist. He was the half brother of Yun Chi-ho, uncle of Yun Poson, 4th president of South Korea.


Gretchen Carlson

Gretchen Elizabeth Carlson (born 21 June 1966 in Minnesota) is an American television personality. She performs hosting shows on Fox News. Before that, Carlson received the title of Miss America 1989 (she still works with the Miss America Pageant club). Later she teamed up with CBS News. She joined Fox News around 2005.


Greta Van Susteren

Greta Van Susteren (born June 11, 1954 near Appleton, Wisconsin) is an American news commentator and television personality on Fox News Network . She is the host of On the Record on Fox News Network. She is also a former criminal defense and civil trial lawyer. She co-hosted Burden of Proof along with Roger Cossack on Cable News Network(CNN) prior to switching to Fox. She received the American Bar Association’s Presidential Award for “Excellence in Journalism” in 2001.

She married lawyer John P. Coale in 1988. They are members of the Church of Scientology. 

Tucker Carlson

Tucker Swanson McNear Carlson (born May 16, 1969) is an American television host and conservative political commentator who hosted "" on Fox News from 2016 to 2023. He is a contributing editor for "The Weekly Standard". He started his television career as a political analyst for the Cable News Network (CNN) and also a host on that network, co-hosting The Spin Room and Crossfire. He left CNN in 2004. He then started hosting a show on MSNBC. Carlson co-founded "The Daily Caller", funded by Foster Friess. He then co-hosted a weekend morning talk show on Fox News Channel. On April 24, 2023, he was fired from Fox News.

Tucker was born in San Francisco and grew up in Carlsbad, California.

In 2006, he was a contestant on "Dancing with the Stars". He was the first person eliminated from the competition.

Rules of Engagement (TV series)

Rules of Engagement is an American sitcom set in New York City. It aired from February 5, 2007 to May 20, 2013 on CBS. It has five main characters. Patrick Warburton and Megyn Price play married couple Jeff and Audrey. Oliver Hudson and Bianca Kajlich play engaged couple Adam and Jen. David Spade plays womanizing narcissistic single man Russell. Adhir Kalyan plays Timmy, Russell's office assistant.

Geraldo Rivera

Geraldo Rivera (born July 4, 1943, Manhattan, New York City) is an American attorney, journalist, author, reporter, and talk show host. He almost always appears on Fox News. He hosted a talk show, "Geraldo", which ran for eleven years and featured many controversial guests. He began hosting for Fox News not long after the attacks of September 11, 2001. He hosts "Geraldo at Large". He has written six books.


Government of the United Kingdom

The Government of the United Kingdom, formally referred to as His Majesty's Government, is the central government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. It is also commonly referred to as simply the British Government or the UK Government.
The Government is led by the Prime Minister, who chooses the other Ministers. The Prime Minister and the other most powerful Ministers belong to a group known as the Cabinet, who are the most important decision makers in the Government. These ministers are all members of Parliament (MPs). Laws are made by MPs voting in Parliament, which is called 'legislative authority'. These laws make what is called primary legislation. 

The Prime Minister now is Rishi Sunak, the present leader of the Conservative Party. Liz Truss, the former leader, was only Prime Minister for a short time and had succeeded Boris Johnson, who had been Prime Minister from 2019 until his resignation in 2022.

The government is chosen by the people indirectly. The people of the United Kingdom vote in a general election, appointing representatives to the Parliament, at least once every five years. The monarch must select as Prime Minister the person who is likely to have the support of Parliament. By convention, that is normally the leader of the party that has the most MPs in the House of Commons. The Prime Minister leads the government and exercises executive power on behalf of the monarch, in accordance with the laws set by Parliament, including appointing Ministers to the executive branches of government. 

Under the British constitution, laws are made or unmade by Parliament. The policy and administration of the laws is done by the direction of the Prime Minister and the Cabinet. This is called executive authority. The monarch is obliged to follow the advice of the government and has not refused to do so since the 17th century. The Cabinet members advise the monarch as part of a group called Privy Council. They also use their power directly as leaders of the Government departments. 

The British kind of government is sometimes called parliamentary government.

There are separate governments in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, each responsible to their own local parliament. These parliaments have certain limits decided by the main parliament in Westminster. There is no separate English Parliament.

Margaux Hemingway

Margot Louise Hemingway (February 16, 1954-July 1, 1996), later called Margaux Hemingway, was an American actress and fashion model. She was born in Portland, Oregon. She was the sister of Mariel Hemingway. On July 1, 1996, the day before the anniversary of her grandfather Ernest Hemingway's own suicide, Margaux killed herself: she overdosed with a drug called phenobarbital. She was found dead inside her apartment in Santa Monica, California.

Styx (moon)

Styx (formerly known as S/2012 (134340) 1 and informally as P5) is a small moon of the dwarf planet Pluto. It was discovered on June 26, 2012, using the Hubble Space Telescope. It is the fifth moon of Pluto discovered so far. The others are Charon, discovered in 1978, Nix and Hydra, which were discovered in 2005, and Kerberos, discovered in 2011.

The moon was discovered using nine sets of images taken between 26 June and 9 July 2012 by Wide Field Camera 3 of the Hubble Space Telescope. NASA announced the discovery on 11 July 2012. The images were taken as part of a Hubble survey searching for potential hazards for the New Horizons mission. The New Horizons space probe is going to Pluto at the moment and will arrive in July 2015. The discovery of the moon has made scientists worried about the mission. Pluto may have more bodies, such as dust or rings, orbiting it which cannot be found. These bodies could damage the New Horizons probe. The current plan for New Horizons is that it will pass just inside the orbit of Charon. But this could change if scientists think that the space probe will be damaged.

The moon is 10 to 25 km across. Because of its small size, it is likely to be irregular in shape. The moon is very faint, about one one-hundred-thousandth as bright as Pluto. The moon is likely to be made of water ice.

Styx orbits the centre of mass of Pluto and Charon at a distance of around 42,000 km. This is in between the orbits of Charon and Nix. The orbital path of the moon is very nearly circular, like the other moons of Pluto. The moon orbits in the same orbital plane as the other moons. The moon takes around 20 days to orbit Pluto.

The moon system around Pluto may exist because of a collision of Pluto with a large Kuiper belt body a very long time ago. Pluto’s moons may have formed from the scattered pieces of rock left behind after the collision.

The Doon School

The Doon School (informally "Doon School" or "Doon") is a boys-only private boarding school in Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India. The school was founded by Satish Ranjan Das, a Calcutta lawyer. Doon's first headmaster was Arthur E. Foot, a former science master at Eton College. The present headmaster is Peter McLaughlin, who has occupied the post since 2009 and is the ninth headmaster of the school.

The school houses roughly 500 pupils aged 13 to 18. Every year in January and April, the school admits pupils aged 13 in Grade 7 (known as D-form) and aged 14 in Grade 8 (C-form) respectively. Doon pupils take the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education in tenth grade and are thereafter offered two strands for the final two years: International Baccalaureate (IB) or Indian School Certificate (ISC). The school began offering the IB curriculum only in 2006, before which all pupils had to sit the ISC examinations in twelfth grade. 

Doon has consistently been ranked among the best residential schools of India by media such as "The Times of India" and "Outlook". Doon remains a boys-only school despite continued pressure from political leaders, including President Pratibha Patil, to become coeducational. Former students of the school are commonly known as "Doscos". Although the total number of Doscos is relatively small (estimated at 5,000 since the school's founding), they include some of India's most prominent politicians, government officials and business leaders. The best known alumnus is former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi.

Maria Muldaur

Maria Muldaur (born in New York City, September 12, 1943) is an American singer and songwriter. Her birth name was Maria Grazia Rosa Domenica D'Amato. She is a folk-blues singer who contributed to the revival of American folk music in the early 1960s and recorded the 1974 hit song "Midnight at the Oasis".

Gavin Newsom

Gavin Christopher Newsom (born October 10, 1967) is an American politician and businessman serving as the 40th governor of California since 2019. As a member of the Democratic Party, he previously served as the 49th lieutenant governor of California from 2011 to 2019 and served as the 42nd mayor of San Francisco from 2004 to 2011.

Gavin Christopher Newsom was born on October 10, 1967 in San Francisco, California to Tessa Menzies Newsom and William A. Newsom lll. During his childhood he was diagnosed with dyslexia, which made it very difficult to read, write, spell and work with numbers and his parents divorced in 1972 when he was five years old.

During his teen years, Newsom had to work several jobs to support his family plus he was a shooting guard as a basketball player in high school.

He attended schools and universities such as, Ecole Notre Dames Des Victories, Redwood High School, Santa Clara University and later graduated with a Bachelor of Science and also studied abroad in Rome, Italy.

In November 2003, Newsom announced his candidacy for mayor and was officially sworn in as the 42nd mayor of San Francisco on January 8, 2004. 

In November 2007, he ran for reelection and was sworn in for a second term in January 2008. He served as mayor of San Francisco from 2004 until his term ended in January 2011. 

Newsom previously served as a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors from 1997 until January 2004, shortly before becoming mayor of the city.

In March 2010, Newsom officially announced his candidacy for lieutenant governor and he won the democratic primary in June 2010, he won the election along with former California governor Jerry Brown and was sworn in as 49th lieutenant governor of California on January 10, 2011. 

In 2014, he ran for reelection and was sworn in for a second term in January 2015. Newsom served as lieutenant governor of California from 2011 until his term ended in January 2019.

In 2015, while Newsom was still lieutenant governor, he announced that he'll run for governor in 2018. In June 2018, he won the democratic primary and had chosen former ambassador Eleni Kounalakis as his running mate for lieutenant governor. 

In November 2018, he defeated republican candidate John H. Cox, and was confirmed the winner of the race. 

Newsom was officially sworn in as 40th governor of California on January 7, 2019.

In late 2021, Newsom launched his reelection campaign to a second term as governor.

On November 8, 2022, he defeated state senator and Republican candidate Brian Dahle to a second term as governor with Eleni Kounalakis as his running mate in the 2022 election.

Newsom was sworn in to a second term as governor on January 6, 2023. 

Newsom was previously married to attorney Kimberly Guilfoyle from 2001 until they divorced in 2006.

He had met actress Jennifer Siebel on a blind date at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in October 2006, and soon began dating afterwards. He officially proposed to Siebel in January 2008 and announced their engagement. Seven months later they officially got married in July 2008. 

They have four children together, two daughters named, Montana and Brooklynn Newsom and two sons named, Dutch and Hunter Newsom and he also has a sister named Hilary Newsom and is related to former U.S. house speaker Nancy Pelosi.

https://www.gov.ca.gov/about/

https://gavinnewsom.com/about/

https://www.nga.org/governor/gavin-newsom/ 

https://ballotpedia.org/Gavin_Newsom

Prytaneion

The Prytaneion was a building at Olympia, Greece. It was here that feasts in honor of the Olympic victors and official guests were held in ancient times. The Prytaneion was built towards the end of the 6th century BC. It was located northwest of the Temple of Hera at Olympia. During Roman times (as evidenced by the many bricks), it was reconstructed and extended many times. The Altar of Hestia (the Greek virgin goddess of the hearth) was in the building. It was on this altar that the Olympic eternal flame burned day and night. Every year, Olympian priests would daub the Great Altar of Zeus with a mixture made from the ashes of the Altar of Hestia and the water of the River Alpheios. The Altar of Hestia was in a square room on the southern side of the building. The rooms on the west side and the peristyle court on the north side were used for feasting and cooking. 

Elizabeth Arden

Florence Nightingale Graham (31 December 1884 – 18 October 1966), better known as Elizabeth Arden, was a Canadian–American business woman who founded what is now known as Elizabeth Arden, Incorporated. She built a cosmetics network in the United States. At the peak of her career, she became one of the richest women in the world. She was born near to Woodbridge in the Province of Ontario.

Pintupi Nine

The Pintupi Nine were a group of Aboriginal Australians. They are said to have been the last Aborigines in Australia to come into contact with modern civilisation. The group lived a nomadic, hunter-gatherer way of life in the Great Sandy Desert, before they met with their relatives near Kiwirrkurra in October 1984. Most other groups from this region had left the desert over 20 years before. They had been settled in towns to the east and west, but this group had stayed behind.

The group belonged to the Pintupi community. They lived on the western side of Lake Mackay, north of where Kiwirrkurra is today. It was made up of a single family. The father of the group had recently died, leaving two widows and seven children, most of whom were young adults. The family was moving south, hoping to find some of their relatives. They came across another family setting up an outstation, but ran away after a misunderstanding. Their relatives from Kiwirrkurra went to find them and then brought them into modern society.

Most Pintupi families had been settled in rural communities well over 20 years before. Starting from the 1930s, the Pintupi were forced to leave their homeland because of weapons tests being done at Woomera. Most were taken to Papunya, very far to the east, which is historically Luritja land. Others were moved northwest to Balgo, in Kukatja country. After this time, the Pintupi were said to have given up looking for any of their relatives living in the desert after they lost contact with the general community. They believed such people had died.

By the 1960s, there were only a few families still living as nomads in the desert. Most of them had heard about White people and places like Papunya. But they had not come into contact with them. They chose to keep living in the way they had always lived. This was a problem, because they were all closely related. Pintupi follow a strict system of kinship (called skin groupings) that says who they can marry. It makes sure they avoid inbreeding. As not many families were left in the big desert, there were almost no eligible partners for the younger men and women.

Much later, the Aboriginal Land Rights Act would be passed by the Northern Territory in 1976. Many Pintupi started to return to their land to set up permanent communities. They established the town of Kintore in 1981. Further west, Kiwirrkurra was founded in 1983 near Lake Mackay. This salt plain is the heart of the Pintupi homeland, and is where this particular family mostly lived.

The family was originally led by a man named Waku Tjungurrayi. He had four wives: Papalya, Nanu, Watjunka and another woman (whose name is not known to outsiders). These wives were all sisters belonging to the Nangala skin group. Papalya was Waku's main wife. They had three children: Topsy, Warlimpirrnga and Takariya. Waku also had another child, Piyiti, with the fourth (unnamed) sister. In the early years, this family sometimes travelled and hunted with another group. It was led by a man named Tjukurti Tjakamarra (later known as Freddy West). In 1962, West and his family decided they would go to live at Papunya. Waku did not want to leave, so they left Waku's family and went east.

About a year later, the eldest daughter, Topsy, left the group. She married a man named Tommy Tjakamarra, who had come across the family while on his way northeast to Mikantji. Topsy had nobody to marry in her own group and Tommy had the right skin name. So they left to settle at Mikantji. Around this time, Piyiti's mother died.

Waku died in about 1964. Soon after, a man named Lanti (or "Joshua") joined the group and married the three widows. He had lived at Balgo, but left there after getting into trouble with the Catholic missionaries. He came across the group while walking south across the desert. He took Waku's place as leader of the group. Nanu was his main wife. They had three children: Tamayinya, Yalti and Yukultji. Lanti also had another child, Walala, with Watjunka. Watjunka died sometime during the 1970s. When Lanti died around 1980, there were nine left in the group.

The group was made up of two women and their seven children. All were born in the desert, so their exact ages are not known.

The family lived travelling between temporary waterholes around Lake Mackay. They followed the clouds, as the presence of water dictated where they would go. They wore only small belts made out of hair. They carried wooden spears, spear-throwers and boomerangs for hunting. They also had an axe-head that Lanti had brought from Balgo. The group mostly ate lizards, witchetty grubs and bush plants. They also hunted rabbit, kangaroo, emu, goanna and snake.

The family knew of places like Papunya, Balgo and Mikantji. They knew their relatives lived there. But Lanti had always kept the group away from those places. They had also heard stories about "kartiya" (whites), but did not understand who they were. The few encounters they had with modern objects (cars, planes) were associated with the supernatural. In an interview, Warlimpirrnga remembered, "Joshua had told us about white men and motor cars. We knew there were non-Aboriginal people closing in around us. We didn't know what was happening."

To add to this, there were people who knew this family were still living in the desert. These included Topsy and Freddy West. They and their families all moved to Kiwirrkurra in 1983. Other locals would sometimes see campfires in the distance at night and footprints in the sand and knew they belonged to a group wandering the desert. The territory's welfare department were also said to have known about this particular group as early as 1962, and anthropologists working with the Pintupi during this time would often hear about these people.

The father, Lanti (or "Joshua"), died sometime around 1980. He died at Kuwarla, at the northern end of Lake Mackay. As is customary, the family moved away from the area in mourning. They travelled south, hoping to find some relatives.

The encounter that led to the group leaving the desert happened on 13 October 1984. Warlimpirrnga and Piyiti were out hunting. They were at Lake Mackay, about two days walk from where their family was camped. They saw smoke coming from a campfire to the south. It was at Winparku, a waterhole between Kiwirrkurra and Kintore. A man named Pinta Pinta and his two sons were setting up an outstation there. After dark, Warlimpirrnga came close to the group. They were clothed and sitting next to a four-wheel drive. They drew water for Warlimpirrnga from a pump.

Warlimpirrnga was scared. He was also angry, because these strangers were sitting on the land of his ancestors. They were in fact related, but didn't know each other. Warlimpirrnga knew only about his relatives from what his mothers had told him of them. They had an argument, and Pinta Pinta became frightened. Each thought the other was a featherfoot (sorcerer). When the man's son fired a shot from a rifle, Warlimpirrnga ran off. He took his family north, deep into the desert for safety. This was their first encounter with other people in 20 years.

Meanwhile, Pinta Pinta and his family drove west through the night to Kiwirrkurra. He told everyone they had seen a featherfoot man. But when he described the man to them, Freddy West said he thought it was Warlimpirrnga. The next day, the elders met and decided to find the group and bring them in. On 15 October, a team of seven Pintupi and Charlie McMahon, the community co-ordinator, went out to Winparku. Together they followed the group's tracks across the desert in two four-wheel drives. On the second night, they could see the family's campfire in the distance. The next day, McMahon had to go back. His friend, Geoff Toll, drove up to continue the search with the others. They found the family the next morning, on 18 October. They had tracked them north for to Maruwa, a waterhole near Lake Mackay.

On first seeing Toll, a white man, Warlimpirrnga remembers, "I couldn't believe it. I thought he was a devil, a bad spirit. He was the colour of clouds at sunrise." Yalti thought the white man was a spirit sent to punish her for something she had done wrong. The family were very scared. They tried to run and hide from the trackers. Warlimpirrnga tried to attack them, but Freddy West was able to calm him by showing him how they were related. The trackers gave the family jam from a tin and pieces of chocolate to eat. They convinced the family to come with them to Kiwirrkurra. They told them that there was lots of food and that water came out of pipes. Yalti said that this concept was unbelievable to them.

When they got to Kiwirrkurra, the family saw their relatives again for the first time in over 20 years. They were angry at them for leaving them behind and not coming to find them. When they saw Topsy, her brother and sister were so angry that they hit her. After a few days, Takariya was married off to Freddy West. It was a gesture between the two groups.

The meaning of the event was understood in many different ways. Agencies serving Aboriginals thought the group's discovery would help them in the debate about indigenous land rights. Fred Myers, an anthropologist who was invited to Kiwirrkurra to study the new group, argues that the event became a part of the Pintupi's struggle to get back their autonomy, which they had lost when they first came out of the desert to settle at Papunya. He argues that their main goal was to maintain the new people's ability to govern their own lives.

Before news of the group's discovery spread, the leaders of Kiwirrkurra worked to protect the privacy of the family members. They also wanted to protect them from the same kind of shame or teasing they had experienced themselves coming out of the desert many years before.

One of the first people to be told about the event was the Aboriginal Affairs minister, Clyde Holding. His department wanted to use the group's story in the campaign for Aboriginal land rights. Holding gave the story to "The Herald", a newspaper from Melbourne. In exchange, the newspaper agreed not to tell anyone where the group was. The story was first reported on the newspaper's front page on 24 October, with the headline claiming it had "found the lost tribe". The news caused a sensation, and instantly made headlines across the country. They became popularly known as the "Pintupi Nine" or the "Last Nomads". The family themselves, however, would not tell their own story until much later in life.

This publicity became a problem for Holding. The leaders at Kiwirrkurra were angry with him for giving the story to the press. The newspaper had published photographs of the family members without their permission. It had caused other reporters to try to enter their community to get information. They also did not agree with how the media was defining the event. The little information the press had been given had led to romanticised reports of a "first contact" or a "discovery". But from the Pintupi point of view, the family were relatives whom they knew and had a history with. As they saw it, the group had not been "discovered", but were just coming back together after being separated.

When they had first arrived, a doctor from Kintore had examined the family and decided they were strong, fit, and very healthly. But in a few days time, they all got sick. They did not have any natural immunity to diseases. Holding wanted a government team of medical specialists to treat them. But Kiwirrkurra's leaders would not let any other doctors look at the family. The only people who were allowed to treat them were the local "ngangkari" (medicine man) and the doctor at Kintore.

At this time, the Pintupi still blamed government doctors for the deaths of many of their people who had come in from the desert during the 1960s. These people had died from infection and disease, and Holding was trying to avoid this happening again. By early November, serious concerns about the survival of the family were being raised. The secretary of the department of Aboriginal Affairs, Charles Perkins, strongly criticised the Kiwirrkurra leaders for violating the family's civil rights. He said that if they did not get the proper medical care, all nine of them would die within two months.

The doctor at Kintore thought that it was the Pintupi's responsibility to decide what was best for their own. They trusted him, and let him treat the family. All nine of the family members had caught coughs and a bacterial infection called treponema. The doctor treated them and gave them several immunisations. They eventually became healthy again.

The eldest brother, Piyiti, returned to the desert in 1986. He left in secret and covered his tracks so nobody could follow him. It is not clear why he left, or whether anyone knows why. One local claimed it was because he had heard stories about Pintupi people dying from diseases, and was afraid it would happen to him. McMahon thinks it was because he found it hard to adapt (adjust) to things—particularly conflict, since he had lived all his life with his family. There are different theories about what happened to Piyiti. Some people think he is still living in the desert. Warlimpirrnga, in an interview in 2004, claimed to have seen Piyiti in Alice Springs, and said he now calls himself "Yari Yari".

The others stayed at Kiwirrkura for many years. In 1998, Papalya died from kidney failure. She was probably almost 70 when she died, and was buried in Kiwirrkura. Nanu died in March 2001, also close to 70 years old. Because of a major flood at Kiwirrkura at the time, she was buried in Kintore.

The six remaining members became painters of the Papunya Tula school. The three brothers—Warlimpirrnga, Tamayinya (now known as Thomas) and Walala—now live mostly in Alice Springs. Their paintings have often sold for several thousands of dollars. Warlimpirrnga, particularly, is one of the most well-known artists of the Western Desert style. He has paintings in several national art galleries across the country. He and Yalti have three children. Except for Thomas, they are all married with children. Takariya separated from Freddy West and remarried. Yalti, Yukultji and Takariya still live in Kiwirrkurra. All six of them still speak only Pintupi.

The family became the last group of people living a traditional hunter-gatherer lifestyle in Australia. They were the last Aboriginal people to make contact with modern civilisation.


Walala Tjapaltjarri

Walala Tjapaltjarri (born Walala Tjapangati) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. He is one of the most well-known artists of the Western Desert style.

Walala was born in the late 1960s or early 1970s. He was born at Marua, near Lake Mackay. He grew up living a nomadic, traditional way of life in the desert. His family had never come into contact with modern, Euro-Australian society. He had never seen a white person, and his family always thought the aeroplanes they saw flying overhead were ghosts or spirits. Before Walala was born, his father Lanti had lived for a short time at the mission in Balgo. But he had run away after getting into trouble for stealing food. It was his decision to stay in the desert, and kept his family far away from the towns. Walala's mother was named Watjunka, and he was Watjunka's only child. He also had two other mothers, Papunya and Nanu, who were his father's secondary wives (and his mother's sisters). His father and Watjunka both died when he was young. The family finally came into contact with outsiders in October 1984, and were settled at Kiwirrkurra. He and his family became known as the last Aborigines living a traditional nomadic way of life in Australia.

He is now married with two children, and lives between Kiwirrkura, Alice Springs, and Yuendumu, where his wife is from. He paints at Hoppy's Camp, outside Alice Springs.

Walala began painting in December 1987, a few years after settling at Kiwirrkurra. He was introduced to painting by his cousin Warlimpirrnga. He taught Walala about using paints and canvas. Walala joined the Papunya Tula artists, and he, Thomas and Warlimpirrnga eventually gained fame internationally as the Tjapaltjarri Brothers. Although he normally paints using "Tjapaltjarri" as a surname, Walala's skin name is "Tjapangati".

His paintings depict scenes from the Tingari cycle (sacred and secret songs about the ancestors of the Pintupi). He uses only four colours at most, sticking to earthy, ochre colours to reflect the desert landscape. The places he depicts in his paintings are part of his traditional country, including Marruwa, Mintarnpi, Wanapatangu, Mina Mina, Naami, Yarrawangu and Wilkinkarra (Lake Mackay). These were places where the ancestors stopped for ceremonies when travelling across the country.

Walala uses acrylic paintings on canvas. His early work was in the flowing "dot" style of painting typical of the Papunya Tula artists. His style became different during the late 1990s, and began to paint rigid rectangles, replacing dotted lines with thick, solid lines.

His first exhibition was in 1997, for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award in Darwin. Most of his work is shown in exhibitions alongside the works of other Aboriginal artists. He has paintings in permanent collections in Australia, Europe and the United States. Walala paints the most out of the three Tjapaltjarri brothers. When painting regularly, he earns up to AU$2000 a day. His paintings often sell for many thousands of dollars.

Thomas Tjapaltjarri

Thomas Tjapaltjarri (born Tamayinya Tjapangati, also often known as Tamlik) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. He and his brothers Warlimpirrnga and Walala have become well-known as the Tjapaltjarri Brothers. Thomas and his family became known as the last group of Aborigines to come into contact with modern, European society. They came out of the desert in 1984, and became known as "the last nomads".

Thomas was born in the desert of Western Australia sometime in the 1960s. He and his family lived a traditional nomadic way of life on the western side of Lake Mackay. They had never come into contact with European society. Most other Pintupi families had been settled in remote towns to the east and west of their traditional country during the 1950s. Thomas' father, Lanti (or "Joshua"), had lived for a short time at the mission in Balgo, but he had run away after getting into trouble for stealing food. It was his decision to stay in the desert, and kept his family far away from the towns.

Thomas' mother was named Nanu. He also had two other mothers, Papunya and Watjunka, who were his father's secondary wives. He had two younger sisters, Yalti and Yukultji, a younger half-brother Walala, and four other "siblings" (cousins by blood relation). His father died sometime around 1980. The family finally came into contact with outsiders in October 1984, and were settled at Kiwirrkurra. The event was big news at the time, and the family became famously known as "the last nomads". Thomas was diagnosed with epilepsy shortly after this.

Thomas began painting in December 1987, a few years after settling at Kiwirrkurra. His cousin Warlimpirrnga had already made a name for himself as an artist and he encouraged Thomas to paint too. Thomas and Walala joined the Papunya Tula artists, and they and Warlimpirrnga eventually gained fame internationally as the Tjapaltjarri Brothers. Although he normally paints using "Tjapaltjarri" as a surname, Thomas' skin name is "Tjapangati".

His paintings depict stories from the Pintupi dreaming. They are mostly about places and events in the Tingari cycle (a cycle of myths about the ancestors of the Pintupi). His designs are inspired by those painted on the body during ceremonies. He uses acrylic paints on canvas, sticking to earthy colours (black, white and ochres). He paints simple shapes with dotted lines, which is a style that his brothers also use.

He has had paintings shown in many exhibitions around Australia, and also in Switzerland, Germany, France and the United States. His larger paintings sell for at least AU$6000 in Alice Springs and AU$9500 in galleries in Melbourne and Sydney.


Adenorhinos

Adenorhinos is a monotypic genus made for the venomous viper species, ""Adenorhinos barbouri"". It is a small and rare terrestrial (lives on the ground) snake found in the Uzungwe and Ukinga mountains in south-central Tanzania in Africa. There is currently no subspecies found.

The Adenorhinos is a small species of snake, growing up to the length of 40 cm (16 inches). It has a broad, triangular head, with short and rounded snouts. It is brown or blackish-brown in color, with dark rhombic blotches down the back and a green or olive green belly.

The Adenorhinos is found in bamboo areas of the Uzungwe and Ukinga mountains in south-central Tanzania in Africa. It is also found in moist forests.

The Adenorhinos barbouri is also known as the ""Uzungwe Viper"", the ""Barbour's Viper"", the ""Worm-eating Viper"", the ""Barbour's short-headed Viper"", the ""Udzungwa Viper"", the ""Short-headed Viper"", and the ""Uzungwe Mountain Bush Viper"".

The Uzungwe Viper eats slugs, earthworms, and frogs.

Megan Mullally

Megan Mullally (born November 12, 1958 in Los Angeles) is an American television performer and stage actress who won two Emmy Awards for her "Will & Grace" acting. She worked for theater in Chicago and has done many performances in multiple Broadway musicals. She also starred in many television programs besides "Will & Grace". She has been married to Nick Offerman since 2003.

Yukultji Napangati

Yukultji Napangati is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She is a painter of the Papunya Tula group of artists. She is part of a generation of female painters who followed in the footsteps of the original male Papunya Tula artists.

Yukultji grew up around Marruwa, a waterhole near Lake Mackay. She grew up without knowing about places like Kiwirrkurra, or her relatives living there. She had never met anyone from outside her own family. Her family lived a completely traditional nomadic way of life. Her father, Lanti (or "Joshua"), had lived for a short time at the mission in Balgo, but he had run away after getting into trouble for stealing food. It was his decision to stay in the desert, and kept his family far away from the towns. Yukultji's father died sometime around 1980. The family finally came into contact with outsiders in October 1984, and were settled at Kiwirrkurra. The event was big news at the time, and the family became famously known as "the last nomads". Yukultji was the youngest of this group.

Yukultji experienced major culture shock when first coming out of the desert. She often found new things difficult to understand. In an interview once, she remembers, "I hopped into a car and crouched down, and I saw the trees move. I was frightened. I was scared. I jumped right off because the trees were racing around the place."

Yukultji began painting in the early 1990s. Before this, she had watched her brothers painting and later decided to try it for herself. She paints stories and songs from her and her mother's dreaming. These stories are about her traditional country, around Marruwa, Ngaminya and Marrapinti.

Her paintings are shown in several public collections in Australia. Her work has been shown in over 80 exhibitions in Australia and overseas. She was a finalist in the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Awards, in 2006, 2009, 2010 and 2011. In 2012, Yukultji won the Alice Prize, an award for Australian artists in Alice Springs.


Yalti Napangati

Yalti Napangati (born around 1970) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She is a painter of the Western Desert style of art, and paints for the Papunya Tula school. Her husband, Warlimpirrnga, is also a well-known artist. They were both members of the infamous Pintupi Nine, the last group of Aborigines living a traditional way of life in Australia.

Yalti was born in the Great Sandy Desert, sometime around 1970. She and her family lived as nomads in the desert, travelling along the western side of Lake Mackay. Most other Pintupi families had moved into settlements during the 1950s, but Yalti's father kept the family away from these. Her parents were Lanti (or "Joshua") and Nanu. She has an older brother, Tamayinya, and a younger sister, Yukultji. She married Warlimpirrnga sometime during the early 1980s, possibly when she was as young as 12. She and her family came out of the desert in 1984. She now lives at Kiwirrkurra, and has two sons and two daughters.

Yalti finished her first paintings for Papunya Tula in June 1996. She makes acrylic paintings of landscapes associated with Pintupi dreaming stories. Her paintings are of important places in her country, around Marruwa, Laurryi, Wirrulnga and Patjarr.

Gatwick Airport railway station

Gatwick Airport railway station is a station in the south of England for Gatwick Airport. Trains are currently run by Gatwick Express, First Great Western, Southern and Thameslink.

Megyn Price

Megyn Price (born March 24, 1971 in Seattle) is an American screen and television actress. She is known for her acting in the sitcoms "Grounded for Life" and "Rules of Engagement". She also performs in other TV shows.

Needham Market railway station

Needham Market railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Needham Market. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. Fast trains to London or Norwich do not stop here. Trains to Cambridge, Peterborough or Ipswich do stop here. 

Luritja

Luritja is the name of an Australian Aboriginal group of the Western Desert. They speak the Luritja dialect of Wati, the language of the Western Desert people. The dialect itself has several varieties. The Luritja lands include areas to the west and south of Alice Springs. The region is centred on Kings Canyon. Their neighbours are the Arrernte (east), the Warlpiri (north), the Pintupi (west), and the Pitjantjatjara (south).

In recent decades, many from this group have inter-married with Pintupi-speaking people. During the mid 20th-century, the Pintupi were forced to leave their lands and were settled into government-built stations. Papunya became a settlement for both Pintupi and Luritja. In the 1980s, many of these people moved back west to Kintore. Both communities now mainly speak a hybridised dialect known as Pintupi-Luritja.

The name "luritja" is thought to come from the Arrernte word "lurinya", which means "foreigner". Over time younger generations have taken on the name as their ethnonym. The total population of Luritja people (including those at Papunya) is probably in the thousands. This makes them the third largest of the Central Australian Aboriginal populations, behind the Arrernte and Pitjantjatjara.

Stowmarket railway station

Stowmarket railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Stowmarket. Trains are run by Greater Anglia to London, Norwich, Ipswich, Cambridge and Peterborough.

Kukatja

Kukatja is an ethno-linguistic group of the Western Desert people in central Australia. The people who speak the Kukatja language live in the Tanami and Great Sandy Deserts in Western Australia. Their lands are south of Halls Creek, around Balgo and Lake Gregory. They neighbour the Pintupi and Ngarti (east), the Yulparitja and Walmatjarri (west), and the Jaru (north). In the 1996 census, about 580 people spoke the language.

Sudbury railway station

Sudbury railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Sudbury. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Beccles railway station

Beccles railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Beccles. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia.

Brampton (Suffolk) railway station

Brampton railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for the village of Brampton. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Brandon railway station

Brandon railway station is a station in Norfolk, England for Brandon in Suffolk. The station is at the county boundary of Norfolk. Trains are run by Greater Anglia.

Bury St Edmunds railway station

Bury St Edmunds railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Bury St Edmunds. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

The following services currently call at Bury St Edmunds:


Darsham railway station

Darsham railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for the village of Darsham. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Derby Road railway station

Derby Road railway station is a station in Suffolk, England. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Elmswell railway station

Elmswell railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Elmswell. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Felixstowe railway station

Felixstowe railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Felixstowe. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Halesworth railway station

Halesworth railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Halesworth. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Volusia County, Florida

Volusia County is a county in the east-central part of the U.S. state of Florida. It is bordered by St. Johns River to the west and the south, with the Atlantic Ocean to the east. The county was founded on December 29, 1854. At the 2020 census, 553,543 people lived there. It is the sole county of the Deltona–Daytona Beach–Ormond Beach, FL Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county seat is DeLand, and the largest municipality is Deltona.

Lakenheath railway station

Lakenheath railway station is a station in Suffolk, England. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Lowestoft railway station

Lowestoft railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Lowestoft. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Melton railway station

Melton railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Melton. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Newmarket railway station

Newmarket railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Newmarket. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Oulton Broad North railway station

Oulton Broad North railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Oulton Broad. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Oulton Broad South railway station

Oulton Broad South railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Oulton Broad. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Saxmundham railway station

Saxmundham railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Saxmundham. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Somerleyton railway station

Somerleyton railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Somerleyton. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Thurston railway station

Thurston railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Thurston. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Trimley railway station

Trimley railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Trimley. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Wickham Market railway station

Wickham Market railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Wickham Market. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Woodbridge railway station

Woodbridge railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Woodbridge. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Harwich International railway station

Harwich International railway station is a station in Essex, England for Harwich International Port. Trains are currently run by Abellio Greater Anglia. 

East Coast (train company)

East Coast was a government-owned British train operating company. It ran high-speed passenger trains on the East Coast Main Line between London, Yorkshire, the North East and Scotland, being forced to take over after National Express East Coast defaulted on their franchise. It started operations on 14 November 2009. It ended operations on 28 February 2015. They had 45 locomotives and served 53 stations whilst operating 12 of them. The franchise was re-let to Virgin Trains East Coast, ending the period of government ownership, despite contributing a lot of money to the Treasury and calls for the government to retain the franchise.
East Coast paid back over £1 billion to the government over the course of its franchise, more than twice as much as rival Virgin Trains did in the same time period on the West Coast Main Line. However, it used relatively old trains and therefore had much lower leasing costs, as in 2012/13 Virgin paid £302 million for its fleet of trains, while East Coast paid £53 million.

East Coast’s successor, Virgin Trains East Coast pays much more money back to the government than East Coast did: £3.3 billion over 8 years, compared to East Coast’s £1 billion.

Pervasive developmental disorder

Pervasive developmental disorders (PDD) are a group of disorders. There are five disorders in the group. These disorders all slow down the rate a child learns to talk and listen to others, as well as cause other problems.

The five disorders are:

The first three of these disorders are also called autism spectrum disorders. The last two are not common.

A child's parents might begin to notice signs of PDD when the child is a baby, and it usually appears before the child is three years old.

It is now possible to recognise many of these defects before birth. That is very important, because in time many defects will be curable "in utero". We are moving into an era when
the genetic code of babies may be tweaked in utero. See Nobel Prize awards since 2000 for some clues about this. 

Rita Moreno

Rita Moreno (born December 11, 1931) is a Puerto Rican dancer, singer and actress. She is one of the few performers who have won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar, a Golden Globe, and a Tony Award (an EGOT +Globe). In 2014 she was honored with a Screen Actors Guild Award for lifetime achievement. In 2019, she was honored with a career achievement Peabody award. 

Moreno had an eight-year-long affair with actor Marlon Brando when he was young. She also dated Elvis Presley.

On June 18, 1965, Moreno married Leonard Gordon. Gordon was a cardiologist and also her manager. He died on June 30, 2010.


First Hull Trains

Hull Trains is a open-access operator running four trains on their single line from London King's Cross to Hull Paragon railway station. The company is made up of First Group (80%) and Renaissance Trains (20%).

TransPennine Express

TransPennine Express is a British train operating company. it is fully owned by First Group. It runs regular passenger trains in northern England, including trains linking the west and east coasts across the Pennines. TransPennine Express runs three routes which provide rail links for large cities like Edinburgh, Glasgow, Liverpool, Sheffield, Leeds, York and Newcastle. All three routes stop at Manchester Piccadilly and Manchester Airport.

Electroconvulsive therapy

Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), also called electroshock, is a psychiatric treatment in which seizures are caused by electricity in unconscious patients to treat illness.

The process is completed by placing electrodes on the sides of the patient's head (on either both or just one side) and sending a small electric current through the brain. This lasts for about half a second.
The patient is also made unconscious before the treatment for safety reasons. The therapy without informed consent is medical abuse and Article 18 of the Yogyakarta Principles prohibit to "care" any sexual orientation and gender identity though any therapy including this. 


Southeastern (train company 2006–2021)

London & South Eastern Railway Limited, trading as Southeastern was a train operating company in southeast England.

On 1 April 2006, it became the franchisee for the new Integrated Kent Franchise (IKF), overtaking the publicly owned South Eastern Trains. It served the commuter routes to south-east London, most of Kent, and parts of East Sussex.

From 2012, Thameslink have taken over various routes including the Catford Loop and Sevenoaks to Blackfriars services.

Its services was stopped on 16 October 2021 because the company kept £25 million that should have been returned to Department for Transport.

Iowa Supreme Court

The Iowa Supreme Court is the state supreme court and the highest court in the U.S. state of Iowa. The Court has seven judges called "justices" on it: a Chief Justice and six Associate Justices. The Court normally meets in Des Moines in the Iowa Judicial Branch Building.

In 1846, Iowa was the 29th state to join the United States. Iowa's government is similar to the federal government of the United States. The government of Iowa has three branches: the legislative branch (the Iowa General Assembly), the executive branch (the Governor of Iowa), and the judicial branch (the Iowa Supreme Court). 

The Iowa Supreme Court is an appellate court. An appellate court does not have trials, but reviews the decisions of other state courts. The Court does many things:

Justices are appointed – chosen – by the governor from a list of three people chosen by the State Judicial Nominating Commission. A new justice serves a one-year term after appointment and until January 1 after the next judicial retention election. After the election, a justice serves an eight-year term. At the end of a justice's term, there is a retention election – an election to decide if the justice gets another term. A justice must retire at the age of 72. The justices elect the chief justice. 

The Chief Justice and two other justices, were not elected in the November 2, 2010 retention election. Governor Branstad appointed Edward Mansfield, Thomas D. Waterman, and Bruce Zager to replace them in February 2011. While waiting for the new justices, the Court chose Justice Cady as the new Chief Justice. In March 2011, the new Court voted for Justice Cady to stay as Chief Justice. There will be a retention election for the new justices in November 2012.


Merseyrail

Merseyrail is a British train operating company owned by Serco-Abellio and overseen by Merseytravel. They provides passenger rail services across Merseyside. They run 59 trains serving 67 stations. 

Northern Rail (Serco-Abellio)

Northern Rail was a British train operating company. It ran local passenger services in Northern England from December 2004 to March 2016. Northern Rail's owner was Serco and Abellio. It ran 287 trains to 529 stations. 

In 2016, Serco and Abellio lost the franchise to Arriva, who promised to buy new trains.

Stansted Express

Stansted Express is a sub-brand of Greater Anglia. It is the direct train service linking central London (Liverpool Street station) to Stansted Airport, one of London's major airports. Before February 2012, Stansted Express was operated by National Express East Anglia. Until 2004 Stansted Express was part of the WAGN franchise.

Nicole Sullivan

Nicole Julianne Sullivan (born April 21, 1970 in Manhattan, New York) is an American actress and comedian. She is best known for doing sitcoms. She acted in the sketch comedy "MADtv" (1995 to 2001) and the CBS sitcom "The King of Queens". 

Lupe Ontiveros

Lupe Ontiveros (September 17, 1942 - July 26, 2012) was an Mexican-American movie and television actress. Ontiveros acted in a lot of movies and television series. She usually took the role of a maid or a grandmother. Ontiveros has told interviewers that she has played a maid at least 150 times on stage and in movies. She was nominated for an Emmy Award for her role on "Desperate Housewives". She also was given positive reviews for her role in "Chuck and Buck". She won the National Board of Review award for Best Supporting Actress. She was also nominated for an Independent Spirit Award. Ontiveros took the role as Yolanda Saldivar in the 1997 biographical movie "Selena".

Ontiveros was born Guadalupe Moreno in El Paso, Texas, to Mexican immigrant parents.
Ontiveros and her husband, Elías, have three sons. Elías and their sons live in Pico Rivera, California. Lupe Ontiveros died on July 26, 2012. She died of liver cancer. She was 69 years old.

Kōhei Uchimura

Kohei Uchimura has won the world championships in gymnastics for three years — 2009, 2010 and 2011.

Uchimura was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

He also won the gold medal in the Olympic men’s all-around event in gymnastics.



Edward James Olmos

Edward James Olmos (born February 24, 1947) is an American actor and movie director. He is best known for his roles in "Battlestar Galactica", "Miami Vice", "Stand and Deliver", "Selena", "Blade Runner" and "Zoot Suit". In 1988, Olmos was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for the movie "Stand and Deliever".

In 1971, Olmos married Katija Keel. She is the daughter of actor Howard Keel. They had two children but divorced in 1992 and later married actress Lorraine Bracco in 1994. However, they filed for divorce in January 2002. He has four adopted children. In the same year of 1994, he married Puerto Rican actress Lymari Nadal. 

In 1996, he was awarded the Doctorate of Fine Arts from California State University. In his honor, Asteroid 5608 Olmos was named after him.

Chris Matthews

Christopher John Matthews (born December 17, 1945) is an American news anchor and political commentator. He is known for as the host of his talk show "Hardball with Chris Matthews" on MSNBC. On weekends he hosted the syndicated ABC News program "The Chris Matthews Show".

Matthews went to La Salle College High School. Matthews served in the United States Peace Corps in Swaziland from 1968 to 1970 as a trade development adviser.

Matthews worked with Tip O'Neill, the Speaker of the House. O'Neill, a Democrat, was a political rival of VHS Republican president Ronald Reagan, but the two remained friends, saying that after 6:00 the two could go out for a drink together. Matthews wrote a book about their relationship. The last episode of "The Chris Matthews Show" was shown on July 21 2013. After he wrote a best selling book about politics called Hardball, Matthews joined MSNBC and hosted a show of the same name. Matthews is a moderate Democrat who has supported Republicans before and said that he is "more conservative than people think I am." However, Matthews has been a long time supporter of Barack Obama. In 2004, following a speech by Obama, Matthews said he had "seen the first black president," a prediction which came true four years later. Matthews once stated that Obama gave him a "thrill up his leg." This quote was widely mocked by many people. He has also been critical of Hillary Clinton, and has said that she got her office by her husband's fame and not on her own ability. As of 2015, Matthews hosts "Hardball with Chris Matthews" on the MSNBC cable channel at 5:00PM on weekdays. He is also a political commentator that appears on other shows. Matthews is married to his wife of thirty five years, Kathleen, a businesswoman who is an executive at Marriott. He is a Roman Catholic.

Al Sharpton

Alfred Charles "Al" Sharpton Jr. (born October 3, 1954 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American Baptist minister, civil rights activist and television talk show host. He was a candidate for the Democrat nomination for the United States presidential election, 2004. He makes regular guest appearances on Fox News, MSNBC and CNN. In 2011, he was named the host of MSNBC's PoliticsNation, a talk show.

Chuck Grassley

Charles Ernest "Chuck" Grassley (born September 17, 1933) is the senior U.S. Senator from Iowa. He was the 91st Senate President pro tempore from 2019 until 2021. He has been Senator since 1981. He was also in the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1981. Before that he was in the Iowa state legislature from 1959 to 1974.

In January 2019, Grassley became the most senior Republican serving in the United States Senate due to the retirement of Orrin Hatch and the resignation of Thad Cochran. After the Republicans kept control of the Senate in the 2018 elections, Grassley became the 91st Senate President pro tempore.

In January 2021, when Republicans lost control of the U.S. Senate, Patrick Leahy became President pro tempore while Grassley became "President pro tempore emeritus".

On November 17, 2020, Grassley announced that he had tested positive for COVID-19.

In January 2023, withy Patrick Leahy's retirement, Grassley became the Dean of the United States Senate.

Grassley is also known for his widely reported "feud" with the History channel. He has accused the network multiples times of having little actual history programming.

Grassley's net worth was more than $7.5 million as of 2018.

Khojaly massacre

The Khojaly Massacre was the murder of hundreds of ethnic Azerbaijani civilians from the town of Khojaly in Azerbaijan on 25–26 February 1992 by the Armenian armed forces with the help of Russian armed forces during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
613 people were killed, including 424 men, 106 women and 83 children. The massacre was the largest massacre of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict.


Kosuke Hagino

He won a bronze medal in the Men's 400m individual medley at the 2012 Summer Olympics. His time of 4:10.01 was an Asian record.

Conrad Burns

Conrad Burns (January 25, 1935 – April 28, 2016) was a former United States Senator from the state of Montana. He was a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was the longest serving Republican Senator in the history of Montana. He was born near Gallatin, Missouri.

Burns died at his home in Billings, Montana on April 28, 2016 from complications of a stroke, aged 81.

Pat Boone

Charles Eugene "Pat" Boone (born June 1, 1934 in Jacksonville, Florida) is an American singer, writer and actor. He was a very successful pop musician in the 1950s and 1960s. His many hits were covers of black R&B musicians' songs. At that time black musicians were not played on white radio stations. His daughter Debby is also a singer.

According to "Billboard", Boone was the second biggest charting artist of the late 1950s, behind only Elvis Presley. He is a member of the Gospel Music Hall of Fame.

Boone hosted a half-hour ABC variety television series. There were 115 episodes from 1957 to 1960. Many musical performers, including Edie Adams, Andy Williams, Pearl Bailey and Johnny Mathis were on the show.

Hiroaki Hiraoka

He won a silver medal at the 2009 World Judo Championships and bronze medal at the 2010 World Judo Championships.

Hiroka won the silver medal in 2012 Summer Olympics at London, in the men's under 60 kg extra-lightweight judo.


Ben Nelson

Earl Benjamin "Ben" Nelson (born May 17, 1941) is a former U.S. Senator from Nebraska and member of United States Democratic Party. Before that he was 37th Governor of Nebraska. He was born in McCook, Nebraska.

Tom Harkin

Tom Harkin (born November 19, 1939) is a retired American politician for the Democratic Party. From 1985 to 2015, he served as a junior Senator in Iowa. He also served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1975 to 1985.

Harkin ran for the Democratic nomination for President in 1992, losing to then-Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton.

In 2013 Harkin said he would retire from the Senate after completing his fifth term in 2015.

Chuck Hagel

Chuck Hagel ( ; born October 4, 1946) was the 24th Secretary of Defense and the former U.S. Senator from Nebraska. He is a member of the United States Republican Party. He has criticized the Bush Administration on many things, such as the Iraq War.

In October 2014, speaking at a meeting of defense ministers in Peru, Hagel highlighted a report’s findings of the global security threats of climate change and global warming; stating “The loss of glaciers will strain water supplies in several areas of our hemisphere,” and “Destruction and devastation from hurricanes can sow the seeds for instability. Droughts and crop failures can leave millions of people without any lifeline, and trigger waves of mass migration.”

He was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 26, 2012 to become Secretary of Defense during Barack Obama's second term replacing Leon Panetta.

On November 24, 2014, it was announced that Hagel would resign the position of Secretary of Defense due to job stress and decisions on ISIS/ISIL.

Nancy Travis

Nancy Travis (born September 21, 1961 in New York City) is a television and movie actress. She is known for her roles in many movies, especially in "Three Men and a Baby" and its sequel "Three Men and a Little Lady". She has also been in many television sitcoms.

Travis was born in New York City, the daughter of Theresa, a social worker, and Gordon Travis, a sales executive. Travis was raised in Boston, Massachusetts, and Baltimore, Maryland.

Naughty by Nature

Naughty by Nature are a Grammy winning rap trio from New Jersey. They formed in 1988, and their songs include "O.P.P." from 1991 (on their own self titled album). Other hit songs by the rap group followed over the years.

Quai Branly Museum

The Quai Branly Museum, known in French as the Musée du quai Branly – Jacques Chirac (), is a museum in Paris. It displays art and culture from indigenous civilisations of Africa, America, Asia and Oceania. Quai Branly opened on 23 June 2006. It holds the collections of the old Musée national des Arts d'Afrique et d'Océanie, which is now closed. It contains 267,000 objects in its permanent collection. Of these, 3500 items are on display.


Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri

Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri (; born late 1950s) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. He is one of Australia's most well-known indigenous artists.

Warlimpirrnga was born in the late 1950s. He was born near Lake Mackay, east of where Kiwirrkurra is today. He and his family lived a traditional nomadic way of life on the western side of Lake Mackay. They had never come into contact with European society. Warlimpirrnga's father died when he was a young boy. His mother remarried shortly after. Warlimpirrnga himself married his cousin, Yalti, sometime around 1980. He was a hunter, the family's main provider of food. He hunted with spears, mirru (spear-throwers) and boomerangs.

In 1984, when he was about 25, he finally came into contact people from outside his family. When he saw a white man for the first time, Warlimpirrnga remembers, "I couldn't believe it. I thought he was a devil, a bad spirit. He was the colour of clouds at sunrise." He and his family were settled at Kiwirrkurra. News of this group living nomadically so far into the modern world made headlines internationally.

Warlimpirrnga started painting in 1987. He did paintings for Papunya Tula. He was taught by the other artists at the company. He finished his first painting for them in April 1987. His first public exhibition was in Melbourne, in 1988. It showed eleven of his paintings. The entire collection was bought for the National Gallery of Victoria. He has since become one of central Australia's most well-known artists.

Warlimpirrnga paints abstract images of sacred dreaming stories and songs. The stories focus around the Tingari, the ancestors of the Pintupi, spirit beings who are believed to have created all living things. His stories are about his country and sacred sites like Marruwa and Kanapilya.

His work is held in public collections across Australia, such as in the National Gallery in Canberra, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, and the National Gallery of Victoria. He also has work in galleries overseas, such as the Quai Branly Museum in Paris. In 2012, his work was shown as part of the documenta exhibition in Kassel, Germany. As of 2008, the most one of his paintings has sold for is AU$85,000.


Pintupi

Pintupi is an Australian Aboriginal group who are part of the Western Desert cultural group. Their homeland is in the area west of Lake MacDonald and Lake Mackay in Western Australia. This is a very remote part of Australian desert. Because of this, the Pintupi were among the last Aboriginals in Australia to leave their traditional way of life. Most of the Pintupi were displaced (forced to leave) their homeland in the middle the 20th century, because of sti testing being done at Woomera. They were moved into settlements to the east and west of their country, such as Papunya, Balgo, Haasts Bluff and even as far away as Hermannsburg. They ended up scattered into different communities. Within a few years, several hundreds of Pintupi had died from foreign disease and infection. Others had problems with alcoholism and violence – having lived in small groups for most of their lives, they found it hard to deal with conflict.

During the 1960s, the assimilationist policies of the Menzies government had a major effect on the mentality of many Pintupi. Part of the policy led to hundreds of Pintupi children being taken away from their parents and put into missions or foster care (this is now known as the Stolen Generation). 

Beginning in the 1970s, there was a strong push within the Pintupi community at Papunya to return to their historical lands. They moved back west in 1981 to set up Kintore ("Waḻungurru"). Further west, Kiwirrkurra was founded in 1983, close to Lake Mackay.

The Pintupi have a complex kinship system, with eight different skin groups. Males and females have different prefixes ("Tj" for males, "N" for females). These names define kinship relationships. They dictate who can marry whom. Although they may be used as terms of address, they are not surnames in the sense used by Europeans.


Brickworks (traditional)

A brick factory or brickworks is a factory for making bricks from mud by humans. There is no modern equipment in traditional style brickmaking.

The oldest discovered bricks were originally made from shaped mud and dating to before 7500 B.C. They were found at Tell Aswad, and then later in the upper Tigris region and in southeast Anatolia close to Diyarbakir. Other more recent findings, dated between 7,000 and 6,395 B.C., come from Jericho and Catal Hüyük. In the ancient Indus Valley city of Mehrgarh, mud bricks have been found dating to 7000 BCE. (Kenoyer 2005) Ceramic bricks were used as early as 4500 BCE in early Indus Valley cities.

Most brickworks have some or all of the following:

In a traditional brickworks, clay is taken from the quarry, and then carried by workers to the yard After the forming or cutting, the bricks must be dried, in the open air, in drying sheds, When the bricks have been dried, they must then be fired or 'burnt' in a kiln, to give them their final hardness and appearance.
There are about 300 traditional brick factories in the suburb of Tehran but most of them closed. Use of the Traditional brick-baking furnace or manually or pressure brick factory is very old in Persia. Persian's most famous ancient brick arch of Anushirvan or Al-Mada'in currently in Iraq. Bricks by hand (pressure) is seven thousand years old, Tehran capital of 220 years, with older homes and historic traditional identity both modern and traditional building are made of traditional bricks. Now, after thousands of years, this custom is coming to an end. Only a few factories are still functioning. Modern factories and modern styles of bricks has substituted the hand bricks.

Traditional brick ovens are baking all over Iran, but the largest organizations manually brick kilns in the past two hundred years has always been around Tehran. Other cities with this kind of factory are Isfahan, Yazd, Ahvaz and Gonabad.

A brick is a block, or a single unit of a ceramic material used in masonry construction, usually stacked together, or laid using various kinds of mortar to hold the bricks together and make a permanent structure. Bricks are typically produced in common or standard sizes in bulk quantities. They have been regarded as one of the longest lasting and strongest building materials used throughout history.

"Bricks" for building may be made from mud. Normally, brick contains the following ingredients:


In modern brickworks, this is usually done in a continuously fired tunnel kiln, in which the bricks move slowly through the kiln on conveyors, rails, or kiln cars to achieve consistency for all bricks. The bricks often have added lime, ash, and organic matter to speed the burning.

In India, brick making is typically a manual process. The most common type of brick kiln in use there are Bull's Trench Kiln (BTK), based on a design developed by British engineer W. Bull in the late 19th century.

An oval or circular trench, 6–9 meters wide, 2-2.5 meters deep, and 100–150 meters in circumference, is dug. A tall exhaust chimney is constructed in the centre. Half or more of the trench is filled with "green" (unfired) bricks which are stacked in an open lattice pattern to allow airflow. The lattice is capped with a roofing layer of finished brick.

In operation, new green bricks, along with roofing bricks, are stacked at one end of the brick pile. Cooled finished bricks are removed from the other end for transport. In the middle the brick workers create a firing zone by dropping fuel (coal, wood, oil, debris, and so on.) through access holes in the roof above the trench.





Hester Jonas

Hester Jonas (around 1570 in Monheim am Rhein – December 24, 1635 in Neuss) was a German midwife and cunning woman. She was executed for witchcraft and is known as the so called "Witch of Neuss".

Jonas married the miller Peter Meurer. They moved to Neuss. There she suffered severe epileptic seizures. She worked as a midwife and was familiar with herbalism, particularly mandrake.

In November 1635 (at the age of about 64 years), she was accused of witchcraft. She was arrested, examined and tortured. The mayor of Neuss accused her of having a deal with the devil. A few years back she already had the reputation of being a witch. In the wake of growing public rumours, the authorities were forced to do something. After hearings on November 15 and 22, Jonas denied the charges. On December 19 and 20 she was put on a chair spiked with sharp nails for three hours.

After her torture she confessed falsely. She confessed to having sexual intercourse with a black man named "Hans Beelzebub". She confessed to damaging humans and animals by black magic. On the same night she escaped, but was captured again in a short time. Jonas then said her confession wasn't true, but her resistance was broken after a violent whipping the next day. She again confessed to all charges and the court sentenced her to death by beheading. On December 24 she was beheaded by an executioner. Her body was burnt and the ashes blew away in the wind.

The transcripts are still available in the city archive of Neuss.



Papunya Tula

Papunya Tula Artists is a co-operative of Aboriginal Australian artists. It is owned and run by Aboriginal people of the Western Desert. It is famous for its development of the Western Desert art movement – widely referred to as "dot painting" – and is often credited with bringing Aboriginal art to the world's attention. The original group of artists started painting in the town of Papunya, but today the company is based in Alice Springs.

The origins of the company go back to 1971. Geoffrey Bardon, the school teacher at Papunya, taught the children to paint a mural using the classical style of body and sand art. Historically, paintings and designs are made by Aborigines to depict stories and songs about the dreamtime. The co-operative was formed in 1972 by a group of men from Bardon's classes. They painted spiritual designs used in ceremonial art, but using modern instruments (like acrylic paints on canvas).

As this style of art started to become famous, many in the Aboriginal community criticised the artists for revealing too many secrets from their sacred legends. Aborigines of the Western Desert believe that the knowledge of these things is dangerous; usually, a person must be initiated first, and this only happens when they are deemed "ready" by their community. In response, the artists changed or removed all detailed images of sacred symbols. In all works since then, these images have been hidden or left out completely.

In the late 1970s, many of the people at Papunya left and moved back to their traditional lands. But the company continued to grow, and it centralised in Alice Springs. In 1987, the National Gallery of Victoria bought eleven paintings by Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri. As popularity of this style of art continued to grow, so did their value. In 2007, a single painting by Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri set a record at auction for Aboriginal art. It was bought for £1.03 million, more than twice as much as the previous record-holder.

The first artists, including all of the company's founders, were men. In the early years, the men didn't like women painting. However, there was also a strong desire amongst many of the women to participate. In the 1990s large numbers of them began to create paintings.


CIS

CIS or Cis may refer to:

Ham Tae-yeong

Ham Tae-yeong (1872-1964) was a Korean politician and independence activist. He was the 3rd Vice President of South Korea, from 1952 to 1956.

Hippocamp

The hippocamp (also: hippocampe, hippokamp, or hippocampus, pl: hippocampi or hippokampoi) is a sea monster in Greek mythology. The creature has a horse's body and a fish's tail. It was not commonly pictured in Classical Greek art but when it is, it is sometimes ridden by the sea god Nereus or sea nymphs. The hippocamp plays no part in any known mythological tale. The ancients believed it was the adult form of the seahorse. It draws the chariot of Poseidon and other sea divinities in the works of ancient writers and artists.

Stronghold 2

Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy computer game. It was released by Firefly Studios in April 2005.

In the game, players play as a leader of a medieval castle. They must administer the castle in a good way in order to gain experience points. With his available energy, he should develop his food production, industry, civil, or military buildings and defenses. Military units are directly controlled individually or in groups. There are some semi-independent villages, which can be bought with experience points, and will contribute to the player's available energy.

Different play modes are possible, such as Kingmaker, Siege, War Campaign, Peace Campaign, Freeplay, Custom scenario, and Multiplayer.

Stronghold 2 is set within the Middle Ages. The player plays as Sir Matthew Steele, a page for Sir William. The main storyline begins with Barclay, who wants to become the king of the no-king castle. Sir William is the player's closest ally, King who believes him to be a traitor disgraced him, because he mistakenly sieges Lady Seren’s castle, helps a tyrant escape, and accidentally poisons the King. Sir Grey is an elderly man, whose useful life is nearing end, but he still builds small but powerful castles with tall towers and thick walls. Lady Seren originally appears as an enemy, however, Sir Steele learns that she is in fact an ally, and Sir William mistook her for a witch. Sir Edwin is the weakest enemy, he lacks confidence but he is not as pathetic. Olaf Grimtooth is the Viking warlord. Pascal Devereux, better known as "The Hawk" is Sir William's evil brother. His castles are usually built from stone and feature large, powerful gatehouses, so he’s the most difficult enemy. And your mission is to beat them one by one.

You are the page of Sir William. Sir William was captured by Lord Barclay but you helped him to managed escape. Afterwards, Sir William and you ride to a nearby boathouse. Then Sir William will guide you how to develop your economically, and Constable Briggs will guide you how to fight with enemy. At this moment, Olaf Grimtooth led his army to the lands as an aggression, then you beat Olaf, William takes you to lady Seren. Then you have to protect the Edwin, he gives you some land. When you arrive in the country's borderlands, you will see that there are many problems there, and then you should solve the problems one by one. At last, you kill Olaf, then you have to make a choice: Follow The Hawk and The Hammer, or The Lamb and The King.

This story begins with a small and poor castle, and your mission is to rebuild this castle. You should build some wells for the fire, get more food and put out the wolves. Finally, you need to get lots of food in your kitchen for the King’s banquet.

A map editor is provided, which players can use to create new maps. These maps can be shared online.

The game received "mixed or average reviews," according to Metacritic. Metacritic gave the game an average score of 63. All other scores were averaged or negative, but few positive scores. PC Gamer gave the game 84%, and Eurogamer gave it 7/10, being generally favorable.

On January 4, 2007, a single player demo was released, including three missions. The demo solved many bugs.

Takariya Napaltjarri

Takariya Napaltjarri (born early 1960s) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She paints for the Papunya Tula artists' co-operative.

Takariya was born in the 1960s near Lake Mackay, in Western Australia. The exact year is not known. She grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life in the desert. Takariya's mother was named Papalya and her father was named Waku. Her father died not long after she was born. She had an older sister, Topsy, and an older brother, Warlimpirrnga.

Takariya's family lived in isolation in the desert. They had never come into contact with Euro-Australian society. Most of their relatives had been settled into towns on the edges of the desert. The group's leader, Lanti, had decided that they would stay living in the desert. Takariya and her family finally came into contact with some of their relatives in 1984. They were settled at Kiwirrkurra, on the south edge of Lake Mackay. The event was big news at the time, and the family became famously known as "the last nomads". Takariya was in her mid- to late-20s at the time.

Shortly after her family arrived at Kiwirrkurra, Takariya was married to Freddy West Tjakamarra. This was a gesture between the family and the village. They later separated. A few years later, Takariya married another man, named Richard Tjakamarra.

Takariya began painting for the Papunya Tula co-operative in June 1996. Later in the year, she had her first exhibition. It was a group exhibition called "Papunya Women", shown at Utopia Art Gallery in Sydney. In 1997, her work was included in the "Bulada" exhibition at the Art Gallery of New South Wales. She has also painted for Warlayirti Artists at Balgo, where her husband's family lives. Works by Takariya are held in the Art Gallery of New Wales, as well as in collections overseas.

Her paintings are of sacred dreaming stories and songs. They are mostly about the Tingari (the ancestors of the Pintupi). Takariya paints her and her mother's dreaming country. This includes places like Marrapinti, Ngalpurrunya, Ngaminya, Karilwara, Wirrulnga and Marruwa – places that are sacred to her.

Glima

Glíma is an Old Norse word meaning glimpse or flash, and is 
the name of the Scandinavian martial arts system used by the Vikings 
over 1200 years ago.

Glima as a self-defence system contains throws, blows, kicks, chokes,
locks, and pain techniques, and is comparable with the best complete 
martial arts systems from around the world. Glima as self-defence was 
the foundation for the Viking warrior, and these techniques are still 
practiced in Scandinavia, Europe, North America and South America.

Glima as a sport is often called Viking wrestling and covers several types of Scandinavian folk wrestling: Lausatök, Brokartök and Hryggspenna. Lausatök (Loose-grip or Free-grip) is the most wide spread form of glima practiced in Norway. It is quite aggressive form of wrestling where the match the winner is considered the one who is standing up while the opponent is lying on the ground. Hryggspenna (Backhold) is a form of wrestling where the opponents take hold of each other's 
upper body with a grip around the back; whoever touches the ground with any part of the body except 
the feet has lost. Brokartök (Trouser-grip) the most widespread in Iceland and Sweden. In this type of Glima, the wrestlers hold each others trousers by the waistline, or by a special Brokartök glima belt, then attempts to trip and throw their opponent.

Christian priests regarded Glima as a pagan activity and tried to eliminate it when Scandinavia, became Christian. The people of Scandinavia however thought it good for physical and moral development and continued to practice the sport. Brokartök glima has been the national sport of Iceland for over 100 years. 


The Surgeon

""'The Ey is LOUIEdirected by Carl Schenkel. The plot involves a small boy who witnesses his brother being killed in surgery, and grows up to become a monster with a scalpel. The film stars Isabel Glasser, Peter Boyle, Malcolm McDowell and Charles Dance. Originally titled "Exquisite Tenderness", the film was released in Spain in 1995. Some of the footage was shot in Canada. It made about 10,000,000 in profit. It also came out in the United Kingdom and Germanylpuei.

Bohr model

In quantum mechanics, a branch of physics, the Bohr model is the model of the atom proposed by Niels Bohr. Bohr's model is useful only when discussing the behavior of a hydrogen atom. Bohr's model is extremely useful in describing the hydrogen emission spectrum.

The Bohr model says that the angular momentum of an electron within a hydrogen atom can only be integer multiples of a certain number.

Where "h" is Planck's constant, π is pi, and "n" is the multiples (1,2,3...). This formula says that an electron will only be found on the energy levels predicted by the formula, and not anywhere in between. This means that if an electron jumps from one energy level to the next, it will never be in between energy levels, but will instantaneously be transported from one level to the other.

Bohr's model is also useful because it explains the cause of light. Bohr agreed with classical theory that light has a wave-particle duality (meaning that it is made of both electromagnetic waves and particles called photons), but he said that light was given off when an electron in a hydrogen atom jumps from a higher energy level to a lower one. Basically, if an electron with "x" amount of energy goes to a lower state of energy and loses "y" energy, then a photon with energy "y" is emitted by the atom and either becomes light or some other form of radiation.


Matter wave

In quantum mechanics, a branch of physics, a matter wave is when you think of matter as a wave. The concept of matter waves was first introduced by Louis de Broglie. Matter waves are hard to visualize, because we are used to thinking of matter as a physical object. De Broglie revolutionized quantum mechanics by producing the equation for matter waves.

As experiments on light revealed that photons possessed both wavelike and particular properties, they were considered at the time to have a dual nature as both particles and waves. De Broglie showed that matter might exhibit such a 'wave-particle duality' as well. Basing his formula on earlier formulas, he arrived at the equation below. 

formula_1

Where λ is the wavelength of the object, "h" is Planck's constant, "m" is the mass of the object, and "v" is the velocity of the object. An alternate and also correct version of this formula is

formula_2

Where "p" is the momentum. (Momentum is equal to mass times velocity). These equations merely say that matter exhibits a particle-like nature in some circumstances, and a wave-like characteristic at other times. Erwin Schrödinger created an advanced equation based on this formula and the Bohr model, known as the Schrödinger equation.


Matt Hughes

Matthew Allen Hughes (born December 13, 1978 in Hillsboro, Illinois) is a retired American mixed martial artist. Hughes is a former two-time UFC Welterweight Champion and UFC Hall of Famer. He put together two separate six-fight winning streaks. He defeated all the available opposition in his weight class. He defeated six former UFC Champions. Hughes also was the coach for the reality shows "The Ultimate Fighter 2" and "The Ultimate Fighter 6". He was the host of "Trophy Hunters TV".

On June 16, 2017, Hughes was hospitalized with a serious head injury after a train struck the passenger side of his truck at a crossing near his home in Montgomery County, Illinois.






Niki Taylor

Niki Taylor (born March 5, 1975 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) is an American model and was shown on multiple magazine covers, such as "Sports Illustrated". She is also associated with cosmetics, including but not limited to CoverGirl. In 2001, she was almost killed because of a car accident, but has continued to model in spite of that accident.

Female sexual arousal disorder

Female sexual arousal disorder is condition where a woman has a hard time getting aroused sexually. or to maintain this arousal, until after sexual intercourse.

Persistent, recurrent problems with sexual response or desire — that distress you or strain your relationship with your partner — are known medically as female sexual dysfunction.

Many women experience problems with sexual function at some point in their lives. Female sexual dysfunction can occur at all stages of life, and it may be ongoing or happen only once in a while.

You may experience more than one type of female sexual dysfunction. Types include:

Low sexual desire. You have diminished libido, or lack of sex drive.
Sexual arousal disorder. Your desire for sex might be intact, but you have difficulty or are unable to become aroused or maintain arousal during sexual activity.
Orgasmic disorder. You have persistent or recurrent difficulty in achieving orgasm after sufficient sexual arousal and ongoing stimulation.
Sexual pain disorder. You have pain associated with sexual stimulation or vaginal contact.

Masashi Ebinuma

In 2011, Ebunuma won the World Championship for his judo weight class.

Ebinuma won the bronze medal in the men’s 66 kg judo category during the 2012 Summer Olympics.


Topsy Napaltjarri

Topsy Gibson Napaltjarri is an Australian Aboriginal artist.

Topsy was born around 1950, in the Gibson Desert. She was born at Wirrulnga, a rockhole near what is now Kiwirrkurra, in Western Australia. She was the first child of Papalya and Waku. She grew up living in the desert, living a traditional hunter-gatherer way of life on the western side of Lake Mackay. Her family had no contact with the modern world and had never seen White people. When she was about 13, she married a man named Tommy Tjakamarra. She left her family and went with Tommy to go and live at Mount Doreen, northwest of Yuendumu. This was her first encounter with modern, Euro-Australian society. Her family was left behind in the desert and did not come out until 1984.

Topsy and Tommy lived at Papunya for a few years, but they later separated. Topsy remarried, to a man named Tony Tjakamarra, and she moved west with him to Balgo. They moved to Kiwirrkurra in 1984, not long after it was founded. She has two daughters, Yalamay (born 1973) and Lynette (born 1976), and one son.

Topsy began painting in 1996, with her sister Takariya. Her younger brother, Warlimpirrnga, had been painting since 1987 and was already famous as an artist. She was first represented by Warlayirti Artists, the art co-operative at Balgo.

Brett Butler

Brett Butler (born January 30, 1958) is an American actress and stand-up comedian. She is best known for playing Grace in the sitcom "Grace Under Fire". She has also done other television programs and comedy acts.

Butler published "Knee Deep in Paradise" in 1996. The book tells about her life before her successful television program.


Nicola Porpora

Nicola (Antonio) Porpora (or Niccolò Porpora) (17 August 1686 – 3 March 1768) was a composer and a very famous singing teacher from Italy. He composed more than 40 operas. He also composed cantatas, oratorios, sonatas for violin, and church music. Some of the famous people who studied singing and music with Porpora were the poet Pietro Metastasio, the composer Joseph Haydn, Princess Maria Antonia of Bavaria, and the castrato singers, Farinelli and Caffarelli.
Porpora was born in Naples. His father, Carlo Porpora, owned a book shop. When he was ten years old, Porpora began to study music at a famous music school in Naples called the . He studied there for ten years. He composed his first opera, "Agrippina", when he was 22 years old. It was about Agrippina the Younger, the mother of the Roman Emperor, Nero. "Agrippina" was first performed in 1708 at the Royal Palace in Naples.

At first, Porpora worked mostly in Naples, composing music and teaching singing. In 1726 he went to live in Venice where he taught singing and composed many operas. He lived in Venice for many years. During his life he also worked in Vienna, Dresden, and London. He went back to Naples to work two or three times. The last time was in 1758. He stayed in Naples for the rest of his life. He was a teacher at two music schools there, the and the . 

He wrote his last opera in 1760. It was called (Camilla's Triumph). It was performed at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples, but it was not a success. He retired from teaching in 1761. In the last years of his life, he had very little money. Porpora died in 1768. He was 81 years old. He is buried in the Church of Ecce Homo in Naples. Many singers and musicians performed at his funeral.

There are several modern recordings of Porpora's music, especially his sonatas for violin and his church music. There is also a recording of arias from six of his operas. They are performed by the soprano, Karina Gauvin and the orchestra, conducted by Alan Curtis.



Hermannsburg, Northern Territory

Hermannsburg is an Aboriginal community in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is about southwest of Alice Springs. It is known in the local Arrernte language as Ntaria.

In the 2006 census, Hermannsburg had a population of 559. It was established as a Lutheran mission in 1877 by two missionaries from Germany. They named their new mission after Hermannsburg in Germany where they had trained. The missionaries left in 1891, but people still lived at the settlement. The mission land was given over to traditional ownership in 1982.

The famous painter Albert Namatjira was born at Hermannsburg in 1902. He painted landscapes in Western-style watercolours. Painting in this style came to be known as the Hermannsburg School of painting.


Kiwirrkurra Community, Western Australia

Kiwirrkura (also spelled Kiwirrkurra) is a small community in Western Australia, near to Lake Mackay. It is 850 km west of Alice Springs. It has been said to be the most remote community in Australia. It was established by Pintupi people as an outstation in the early 1980s. It became a permanent settlement in 1983. It was one of the last areas with nomadic, hunter-gatherer Aboriginals; the last group were settled here in 1984.

The town was evacuated in March 2001 because of serious floods. The population (about 170 people) were first moved to Kintore, then to Alice Springs and then finally to the Goldfields of Western Australia, over south of Kiwirrkurra. At Alice Springs, the people drunk alcohol for the first time. This led to major conflicts and violence. The community moved back to Kiwirrkurra in late 2002. Though they had been evacuated and living in other places at the time, the Kiwirrkurra people gained native title over the area on 19 October 2001. The title covered of the land and waters around the town. 

Karl Rove

Karl "Ham" Rove (born December 25, 1950) is an American political consultant and a policy advisor. He was Deputy Chief of Staff under President George W. Bush. Rove is also a Fox News contributor and columnist for the "Wall Street Journal". Rove was born in Denver, Colorado.

Ann-Margret

Ann-Margret Olssen (born April 28, 1941 in Valsjobyn, Sweden, more often known as just Ann-Margret) is a television and movie actress. She has won five Golden Globe Awards for her many performances. Her movies include "The Cincinnati Kid" and "Carnal Knowledge".

From 1967 until his death in 2017, she was married to actor Roger Smith.

Annie Potts

Annie Potts (born October 28, 1952 in Nashville) is an American television, movie and voice actress. She starred in the two "Ghostbusters" movies and the first two "Toy Story" movies. She is best known for playing Mary in the CBS sitcom "Designing Women" and as Sheldon's MeeMaw in Young Sheldon. She was also in other movies.





La Vita Nuova

La Vita Nuova or Vita Nova (in English: "The New Life") is a book written by Dante Alighieri in 1295. It is an expression of the medieval courtly love and it is written in a "prosimetrum" style, a combination of both prose and verse. It tells the story of his love for Beatrice Portinari, who also served as the ultimate symbol of salvation in "The Divine Comedy".

Caribbean Netherlands

The Caribbean Netherlands () is the part of the Netherlands that is in the Caribbean. The rest of the country is in Europe. The Caribbean Netherlands is made up of three special municipalities ('): the islands of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba. They are also called the BES islands.

The Caribbean Netherlands does not include the other Dutch countries in the Caribbean (Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten). Those are three of the four countries that make up the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The fourth country is the Netherlands proper. The islands of the Caribbean Netherlands are fully part of the Netherlands proper. They were made a part of the Netherlands when the Netherlands Antilles was dissolved (broken apart) on 10 October 2010.

Although the islands are now part of the Netherlands, they are not yet part of the European Union. They will instead remain overseas territories until at least 2015. They are different to other municipalities in the Netherlands. Unlike normal municipalities, they do not form part of a Dutch province.

Bonaire is located east of Aruba and Curaçao, close to the coast of Venezuela. Sint Eustatius and Saba are located south of Sint Maarten and northwest of Saint Kitts and Nevis. The BES islands have a total population of 21,000 and a total area of .


Isabella Rossellini

Isabella Fiorella Elettra Giovanna Rossellini (born 18 June 1952) is an Italian-American actress and writer. She has performed in many movies. She has written a lot of books. She is also a philanthropist.

Rossellini is the daughter of Swedish actress Ingrid Bergman and Italian movie director Roberto Rossellini.

Rossellini received a 1987 Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead for her role in "Blue Velvet". In 1997, she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for TV for her role in "Crime of the Century". She received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series for her work on the television series "Chicago Hope". Also in 1997, Rossellini was awarded The George Eastman Award. In 1998, she received an Honourable Mention at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival for her role in the movie "Left Luggage".

Rossellini has dual United States and Italian citizenship.

She was married to Martin Scorsese from 1979 to 1982. After her marriage to Scorsese ended, she married Jon Wiedemann (1983–1986). He is a Harvard-educated model from Texas. Later, she dated David Lynch, Gary Oldman, and Gregory Mosher.

She has a daughter, Elettra Rossellini Wiedemann (born 1983), and an adopted son, Roberto (born 1992).



Alfa Romeo 146

The Alfa Romeo 146 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 33 in 1995, and was replaced by the Alfa Romeo 147 in 2000.



Alfa Romeo 166

The Alfa Romeo 166 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 164 in late 1998 and facelifted in 2003 with right hand drive production ending in 2005. It was produced until 2007 with no direct successor. 



Yoshiaki Oiwa

In the 2012 Olympics at London, he ranked first after dressage in the three-day eventing competition. He made history as the first Asian rider to lead any four-star three-day event after dressage. 



Bose Corporation

Bose Corporation is a company that makes speakers and audio products. It is based in Framingham, Massachusetts in the United States. Bose Corporation was founded by Dr. Amar Bose, a sound engineer.

Vocational Independence Program

Vocational Independence Program or VIP was one of only 10 postsecondary schools in the United States that is known by the U.S. Department of Education as a Comprehensive Transition and Postsecondary (CTP) program for students with an intellectual disability. In order to be accepted into the VIP program, students must be enrolled in the summer program and the interconnected program is for students 16 to 22 with special needs and provides job training and coursework in independent living, social and academic skills. Any student admitted to the VIP program must be at least 18 years of age. The IQ scores of these students are 70-143. The program was ended in June 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Kaori Matsumoto

She was born in Kanazawa, Ishikawa.

Matsumoto won the gold medal in the lightweight (57 kg) division at the 2010 World Judo Championships.

She won gold at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 57 kg category.



Ren Hayakawa

Hayakawa was part of a team which won the bronze medal in women's archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Hayakawa shot her arrow into the 10-point area in her final shot of the match.

This was Japan's first Olympic medal in any team archery event.


The Spoiler

The Spoiler is a novel written by journalist Annalena McAfee. It is about two women who work at a newspaper. It was published in the United States on April 10, 2012.

Annalena McAfee

Annalena McAfee (born c.1952) is a British writer, journalist and was the editor of "The Guardian's" literary supplement, the "Guardian Review" until July 2006. She has written children's books. Some of them have been translated into French, German and Dutch. McAfee is also the editor of a collection of literary profiles from "The Guardian".

She married the British novelist Ian McEwan in 1997.


Steven Seagal

Steven Frederic Seagal (born April 10, 1952) is an American martial artist, actor, producer, writer, musician and former reserve deputy sheriff. Seagal began his adult life as an Aikido instructor in Japan. He became the first foreigner to have an Aikido dojo in Japan. He later moved to Los Angeles, California. There he made several movies. His first film "Above the Law" (1988) is regarded as the first American film to feature aikido in fight sequences. "Under Siege" (1992) brought him the most fame. Seagal was one of the most successful martial arts actors of the 1980s and 1990s, alongside Jean-Claude Van Damme. Credited with popularising aikido in film, Seagal is considered an important figure in the development and popularization of martial arts in the West.

In 2009, the A&E Network began showing his reality show "". This show focused on his work as a deputy sheriff. In 2011, Steven Seagal produced and starred in a 13 episode television series called "True Justice".

From 1996 to 2010, multiple women have accused Seagal of sexual harassment or assault.

Seagal is known as an environmentalist, an animal rights activist and as a supporter of the 14th Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso.

He is also known for his outspoken support of Vladimir Putin. Seagal once called Putin "one of the great living world leaders". He was granted Russian citizenship in 2016. In 2018, the Russian foreign ministry announced that Seagal was appointed as a special envoy to improve ties with the United States. In 2023, Putin bestowed a state decoration on Seagal, awarding the Order of Friendship.

Seagal owns a dude ranch in Colorado and a home in Brentwood. He has adopted many animals from shelters. Seagal is a Buddhist.

Seagal has seven children from four relationships.

In Japan, Seagal married his first wife, Miyako Fujitani. They had a son and daughter. The daughter is actress and writer Ayako Fujitani.

In the United States, he married former "Days of our Lives" actress Adrienne La Russa. During this marriage, he began a relationship with Kelly LeBrock. LeBrock became pregnant. He then ended the marriage with La Russa and married LeBrock. They had 3 children. During his marriage to LeBrock, Seagal was having a relationship with their nanny, Arissa Wolf. She had a daughter.

Seagal is currently married to Erdenetuya Batsukh, called Elle. They have a son. Elle is from Mongolia.

In addition to his biological children, he is the guardian to a Tibetan child, Yabshi Pan Rinzinwangmo.


Mitsubishi Grandis

The Mitsubishi Grandis is a car produced by Mitsubishi Motors. It replaced the Mitsubishi Space Wagon in 2003. It was sold in Japan, Asia, Europe, Oceania, Mexico, Honduras, Jamaica, and South America.

It won the Best MPV award at the "Bangkok International Motor Show" from 2005 to 2010.

Production ended in 2011.


Il Canto degli Italiani

"Il Canto degli Italiani" (, meaning "The Song of the Italians") is the Italian national anthem. The words were written by Goffredo Mameli in the autumn of 1847 in Genoa when he was just twenty years old. The author of the song died shortly after. The words were later set to music by Michele Novaro in the same year. The song was successful during the Risorgimento because of hopes in the unification of the Italy.

After the unification in 1861, however, the "Marcia Reale" was adopted as Savoy's official anthem. "Il Canto degli Italiani" became the anthem of Italy after 1946, when Italy became a republic.

In 2012, a bill was pass in making schools to teach the line ""Fratelli d'Italia"" in the anthem.

While the official lyrics are in Italian, the anthem has been translated into other regional languages, such as Neapolitan and Venetian.

Shannon Lucid

Dr. Shannon Lucid (born 1943) is a biochemist and a retired NASA astronaut. At one time she had the longest duration in space for an American astronaut. She has flown in space five times. This includes a long mission on the Mir space station.

Lucid was born in Shanghai, China. She grew up in Bethany, Oklahoma. She attended the University of Oklahoma.

Lucid was awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor in December 1996. She is the tenth person and first woman to be given that honor. In 1993 she was inducted into the Oklahoma Women's Hall of Fame. 

On January 31, 2012, Lucid said she was retired from NASA.

Hiromi Miyake

In July 2012, Miyake won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 48 kg category.




Jacob Wukie

Jacob Wukie (born May 11, 1986) is an American athlete. He is best known as an archer who competed in the Summer Olympic Games. 

At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he was part of the men's archery team that won a silver medal.



County-equivalent

A county-equivalent in the United States is a type of area that is not inside any county. The county-equivalents are defined by the federal government. They are used for administrative and statistical reasons.

As of the 2000 census there were 3,141 county-equivalents in the United States. The number went down to 3,140 in 2001. That is because the city of Clifton Forge, Virginia changed from being a city to being a town.

There are three types of county-equivalents.

The first type of county-equivalent is an area of a state which is similar to a county.

Examples of this type are that Louisiana has parishes instead of counties, while Alaska has boroughs instead of counties: the city of Anchorage is considered a borough under state law.

The second type of county-equivalent is a city that is not inside any county.

Examples of this type:

The third type of county-equivalent is an area that doesn't have any county-level government and the United States Census Bureau decides to treat it as a county-equivalent.

Example of this type:


Thandie Newton

Melanie Thandiwe Newton (; born 6 November 1972) is a British actress. She has performed in numerous British and American movies, including "The Pursuit of Happyness" and "". She was born in London to a black Zimbabwean mother and white British father. She grew up in Africa, London and Penzance.

Newton says that director John Duigan made her have a relationship with him. She was sixteen years old and he was 39. The relationship lasted 6 years.

She married English writer/director/producer Ol Parker in 1998. The couple have two daughters: Ripley, born in 2000, and Nico, born in 2004. Her daughters are named after the character Ellen Ripley in the "Alien" movies and the singer Nico.

Newton has suffered from bulimia.

Newton is a Buddhist.

Jenna Elfman

Jennifer Mary "Jenna" Elfman (born September 30, 1971, Los Angeles) is an American movie and television actress. She is highly known for her role as Dharma in the television sitcom "Dharma & Greg"

She began taking ballet class at the age of five and became a classically trained ballet dancer. She attended high school at the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts (LACHSA). She then attended college at California State University, Northridge (CSUN)

Elfman began her professional career as a dancer. She appeared in the music video for "Halo", a song by Depeche Mode.She also danced in the video for Chris Isaak's 1995 single "Somebody's Crying". She toured with the rock band ZZ Top on their 1994 World Tour.

She was in a number of national television commercials. Her first television program role was on the short-lived 1996 American sitcom called "Townies". This role led to her part in "Dharma & Greg".

Elfman met her husband, actor Bodhi Elfman, at a Sprite commercial audition in February 1991. They married on February 18, 1995.

On July 23, 2007, Elfman's first child, a son, Story Elias, was born in Los Angeles. On September 16, 2009, Elfman said she was expecting her second child. On March 2, 2010, their son Easton Quinn Monroe was born.


Joey Lawrence

Joseph "Joey" Lawrence (born Joseph Lawrence Mignogna Jr., April 20, 1976 in Philadelphia) is an American actor and R&B singer. He is best known for his character roles in the television series "Gimme a Break", "Blossom" and "Melissa & Joey". Other television series include the hit show "Brotherly Love". He has also acted in several movies.

He has two younger brothers, Matthew and Andrew, who are also actors.

He attended the University of Southern California.

Lawrence's first acting role was in a Cracker Jack commercial. At the age of five, he appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson". He sang the song "Give My Regards to Broadway".

Lawrence married Michelle Vella in 2002. The couple divorced in 2005. He met his second wife, Chandie Yawn-Nelson, while on vacation in Disney World when the two were teenagers. They married there 13 years later, in July 2005. The couple have two daughters, Charleston (born 2006) and Liberty Grace (born March 2010).



Showa Women's University

Showa Women's University is a private university for women in Sangenjaya, Setagaya Ward in Tokyo, Japan. SWU was founded in 1920 and re-established in 1949. The university shares a campus with a graduate school, a high school, a junior high school, an elementary school and a nursery school. Showa's founder, Enkichi Hitomi, was influenced by the educational ideas of Lev Tolstoy.

Showa Women’s University as we know it today is a women’s private university. It was opened in 1920 and was named ‘Japan Women’s Institute’. The ‘Institute’ as it was known at that time, was founded by Mr. Hitomi Enkichi, whose educational ideas were influenced by the infamous Lev Tolstoy. The institute was in the Bunkyo Ward of Tokyo. In 1922, the school changed its name from ‘Japan Women’s Institute’ to ‘Japan Women’s College’. They had moved location from Bunkyo Ward in Tokyo to its present location in Taishido, Setagaya Ward, in Tokyo. In 1949, the College had changed its name one final time from ‘Japan Women’s College’ to ‘Showa Women’s University’ as they are known today. Showa Women’s University has been offering excellent educational opportunities from Kindergarten to Graduate School.

Department of Japanese Language & Literature
The 3 fields of Japanese studies include Japanese Literature, Japanese Language and Teaching Japanese as a Foreign Language.

Department of English Language and Communication
Students have the opportunity to work on their English skills by studying abroad at Showa Boston Institute of Language and Culture in Boston, Massachusetts.

Department of History & Culture
Students study and compare history and culture between Japan and the rest of the world.

Department of International studies
Students learn and study global issues while attaining fluency in both English and other foreign languages.

Students investigate and study the social groups in human society using history, economics, geography, law, psychology and international relations.

Department of Psychology
Students use scientific processes to study both human and animal behavior, with the object of understanding why living beings behave as they do.

Department of Welfare Society
Students may choose from 3 courses that include Social Work, Welfare Career and Parenting Support.

Department of Contemporary Liberal Arts
Students learn social sciences including subjects such as literature, languages, philosophy, history, mathematics, and science.

Department of Elementary Education
Students learn to become educators and obtain multiple licenses allowing them to teach nursery school, kindergarten and elementary school.

Students learn a wide variety of professional careers that include community service, education, business, government and industry. From these careers, finds ways of improving life for individuals and/or families to live and function in society. Furthermore, students also study the management of resources, human goals and needs for family relationships, working environments, human development, living environments, food and apparel.

Department of Human Environmental Science and Design
Students study more in depth the following four fields including costume design management, product design, design production and architecture interior design.

Department of Human Health and Design
Students learn the health science] and can choose to specialize in either exercise, perception or food science.

Department of Food Science & Nutrition
Students study food science which is the chemical, biological, and physical nature of food components – and the technology to bring good, healthy food from the farm to the table. Nutrition is where students study various foods chemistry, ways of cooking and eating well so they can prescribe diets for both health and disease.

Is a two-year college program aimed at offering students academic, professional and vocational training and education. An associate degree is the highest certificate offered at the Junior College level. Students may opt to transfer their Junior College credits to a four-year college or university.

Department of Culture and Creative Arts
Students learn the differences and similarities of English and Japanese cultures using television, film, theatre, music and art history.

The Showa Women’s University Hitomi Memorial Hall on the university campus is famous for its great acoustics. Many classical concerts with many famous conductors have used this now famous concert hall. In 1986, the Suntory Hall at Akasaka opened in central Tokyo causing a slight decrease in the number of concerts in the Hitomi Memorial Hall. It is still used for concerts for the public still.

This education center offers students teacher training programs, foreign language studies and liberal arts.

This consists of the Doctoral and Master of Arts programs that consists of 12 subjects including Department of Japanese Language and Literature, Department of English and American Literature,
Department of Language Educational Communication, Graduate School of Human Life Sciences, Department of Human Science and Culture, Department of Psychology, Department of Welfare Society, Department of Education, Department of Environmental Design, Department of Human Science and Design, and Department of Human Life Science and Culture.

Showa Junior & Senior High School is included in the Showa School network and was established in 1922. Students study for 6 years. This school is in Taishido, Setagaya Ward in Tokyo. Currently, approximately 44.2%, or 100 students, enter the Showa Women’s University after graduating from Showa Junior & Senior High School.

Showa Elementary was established in 1953. This is a coed elementary school. About 75% of the girls that complete Showa Elementary School enter Showa Junior & Senior High School.

Showa Kindergarten was established in 1951. Children here learn English, science, and arts. Most students from the kindergarten enter Showa Elementary School.

Showa Women’s University has numerous programs to study abroad in the USA and around the world. Showa Women’s University places a heavy emphasis on study-abroad programs because of the growing demand for global communications and business. Many students are currently involved in these exchange programs.
Showa Boston Institute for Language and Culture in Massachusetts opened in 1988 and is a key campus in our study abroad program. Because of Boston’s rich academic, culture and history, it helps in the cultural experience the students. Over 700 students travel to the Boston campus to experience the school and its culture every year. Showa was recognized by the Foreign Minister in 2010 for this ongoing effort. The Japanese students learn English and about American culture while experiencing schooling in an American school environment. English majors spend up to three (3) semesters there. For Nutrition, Teaching Japanese and Early Elementary Education there is a specialized two-week program.
There is a 15-week program that focuses mainly on English. Students can learn about American society and culture by experiencing their community learning and field work.
There is also a one-month Summer Session during their summer break that gives students one (1) choice out of seven (7) programs to choose from based on their interest.
American Culture, Volunteer, American Food and Culture, Museum, Education, Psychology, Business English

Include Boshu, Tomei, Aizu, Boston


The Spinners

The Spinners is a Detroit-based R&B club. They have had many hit records and singles since the late 1960s. Some people in the group have died, though this group continues touring and making records.

The band is also sometimes called the Detroit Spinners, or Motown Spinners. These group names were used in the UK to avoid confusion with a British folk group also called The Spinners.


Angel on My Shoulder

Angel on My Shoulder may refer to:


AS

AS or as may refer to:






The Pointer Sisters

The Pointer Sisters are an American R&B girl group. They were founded in 1969 and are based out of Oakland, California who first achieved mainstream success in the 1970s and 1980s. Their genres are bebop, disco, blues, country and rock. The group were a duo when they started, though they became trio, then a quartet in the later years. The Pointer Sisters had their greatest and highest success in the 1980s. They are best known for a song called "I'm So Excited".

Kerri Strug

Kerri Allyson Strug (b. November 19, 1977 in Tucson, Arizona) is a retired American gymnast. She won a gold medal in the 1996 Summer Olympics. She is remembered for performing the vault despite hurting her ankle.

Kim Zmeskal

Kim Zmeskal (born February 6, 1976 in Houston) is a retired gymnast. She went up against Shannon Miller during the 1992 Summer Olympics but was beaten.

Zmeskal retired from gymnastics in 2000.

Jamie Salé

Jamie Rae Salé (born near Edmonton, Alberta, April 21, 1977) is a Canadian pair skater. She and David Pelletier won a gold medal in the 2002 Winter Olympics. The gold medal, however, was shared by a Russian pair skating couple after a figure skating scandal hit through the Olympics.

Salé was born in Calgary, Alberta. She competed first as a singles skater. She and Jason Turner placed 12th at the Lillehammer Olympics.

After the 2002 win, the pair has turned professional and are now touring North America with Stars on Ice, a figure skating show.

Salé and Pelletier were engaged on Christmas Day of 2004 at their Edmonton, Alberta home. They married on December 30, 2005 at the Fairmont Banff Springs hotel in Alberta. Their son, Jesse Joe Pelletier, was born on September 30, 2007.

Salé and Pelletier were inducted into the Skate Canada Hall of Fame in 2008. They were inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame on March 26, 2009.

On June 4, 2010, it was reported that Salé and Pelletier would divorce; however, they will remain skating partners.

On June 20, 2012 Salé married her "Battle of the Blades" partner, Craig Simpson.

Indigo Girls

The Indigo Girls are an American folk and rock music duo. Their names are Amy Ray and Emily Saliers. They met during elementary school. They began performing together while in high school near Atlanta, Georgia. They began performing with the name Indigo Girls close to 1986. They have had many hit songs. They got a Grammy Award in 1990.

In 1990, Ray founded Daemon Records. The company has signed Magnapop, Ellen James Society, Kristen Hall, Rose Polenzani, Girlyman, Athens Boys Choir, and James Hall among others.

Ray has put out five solo albums. They are called "Stag", "Prom", "Live from Knoxville", "Didn't It Feel Kinder" and "". She has toured with both The Butchies and her band The Volunteers.

Saliers is also planning a solo album. She is co-owner of Watershed Restaurant in Decatur, Georgia. Saliers was an initial investor in the Flying Biscuit Cafe in Atlanta, Georgia. In 2005, Saliers and her father, Don Saliers, a theology professor at Candler School of Theology at Emory University, released the book "A Song to Sing, a Life to Live: Reflections on Music as Spiritual Practice". They promoted the release of the book together including several days of speaking and performing together at the Washington National Cathedral College in Washington D.C.

Both Ray and Saliers have long identified themselves as lesbians. They have never been a couple. Because of their work for LGBT rights they are seen as icons of the movement.



Chaka Khan

Yvette Marie Stevens (better known as Chaka Khan and born March 23, 1953 near Chicago) is a ten time Grammy Award winning American singer and songwriter. She first became famous in the 1970s as the main singer for the funk group Rufus. Khan went solo around 1978, and her hit songs include "I Feel for You," "I'm Every Woman", "Sweet Thing" and "Through the Fire". She also got several nominations for American Music Awards.

On May 19, 2011, Khan was given the 2,440th Hollywood Walk of Fame star plaque on a section of Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles.

Khan has been married twice and is the mother of two children, daughter Indira Milini and son Damien Holland. Khan's first marriage was to Hassan Khan, in 1970, when she was 17. They divorced a short time later. Milini's birth was the result of a relationship between Khan and Rahsaan Morris. Khan married her second husband, Richard Holland, in 1976. The marriage reportedly caused a rift between Khan and several members of Rufus. Khan dated a Chicago-area schoolteacher in the mid-1980s in the middle of her solo stardom. Following their separation, Khan moved to Europe. She first lived in London, later living in Germany. 

In the past, Khan struggled with drug abuse and alcoholism. Her drug use, which at times included cocaine and heroin, ended sometime in the early 1990s. Khan would have an on-again, off-again struggle with alcoholism. In 2005 she said she was sober. In 2006, her son Damien Holland was accused of murder after 17-year-old Christopher Bailey was shot to death. Khan testified on her son's behalf defending her son's innocence. Holland said the shooting was an accident and was found not guilty. Though she sang at both the 2000 Democratic and Republican conventions, Khan says that she is more of a "Democratic-minded person".

In December 2011, Khan won permanent custody of her granddaughter, Daija Jade Holland. Khan said the mother was unable to raise her due to her drug addiction. It was reported that Khan's son was also addicted to drugs.

To date, Chaka Khan has won 10 Grammy Awards, including two as a member of Rufus. She has received 22 Grammy Award nominations, including three as a member of Rufus.


To date, she has had four American Music Award nominations.
References:


Genes, Brain and Behavior

Genes, Brain and Behavior (also known as "G2B") is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the fields of the genetics of behavior, the nervous system (neurogenetics), and mental illness (psychiatric genetics). It began in 2002. It is the official journal of the International Behavioural and Neural Genetics Society.

According to the "Journal Citation Reports", its 2010 impact factor is 4.061. It was ranked 63rd out of 237 listed journals on Neurosciences, and 6th out of 48 listed journals in the category "Behavioral Sciences".

The journal publishes these types of articles:

Suzanne Vega

Suzanne Nadine Vega (born 1959 in Santa Monica, California) is an American singer, recording artist and songwriter. She is best known for her songs "Luka" and "Tom's Diner". 

At the age of nine she began to write poetry. She wrote her first song at age fourteen. She attended New York's High School of Performing Arts. There she studied modern dance and graduated in 1977.

On March 17, 1995, Vega married Mitchell Froom, a musician and a record producer. They have a daughter, Ruby Froom (born July 8, 1994). The band Soul Coughing's "Ruby Vroom" album was named after her. Recently Ruby sang with her mother.
Vega and Froom separated in 1998.

On February 11, 2006, Vega married Paul Mills, a lawyer and poet.


Orleans (band)

Orleans are an American soft rock band who were extremely popular during 1970s. Their song, "Dance with Me" was a highly popular single, though they have had other songs.




Cornus canadensis

Cornus canadensis is a herbaceous member of the Cornaceae (dogwood) family. It has various common names, such as the Bunchberry dogwood, Canadian Bunchberry, Quatre-temps, or Crackerberry. It is a widespread plant of the northern hemisphere.

It grows about 20–30 cm tall and bears tiny flowers a few millimetres across. They form an inflorescence at the center of four white, petal-like bracts 3–4 cm diameter.

Each flower has highly elastic petals that flip backward, releasing springy filaments that are cocked underneath the petals. The filaments snap upward flinging pollen out in less than half a millisecond. The pollen experiences a force two to three thousand times the force of gravity. The Bunchberry has one of the fastest plant actions found so far. It needs a camera capable of shooting 10,000 frames per second to catch the action.

In other words, it is a mechanism for cross-pollination by air.

The fruits are edible with a mild flavour somewhat like apples. The large seeds within are somewhat hard and crunchy. Birds are the main dispersal agents of the seeds, consuming the fruit during their fall migration. In Alaska, bunchberry is an important forage plant for mule deer, black-tailed deer and moose, which consume it throughout the growing season. 

Where bunchberry, a forest species, and "Cornus suecica," a bog species, grow near each other in their overlapping ranges in Alaska, Labrador, and Greenland, they can Hybrid ize by cross-pollination, producing plants with intermediate characteristics.

Gore Vidal

Gore Vidal (born Eugene Luther Gore Vidal, October 3, 1925 – July 31, 2012) was an American writer.

Vidal was born at West Point, New York, the only child of Eugene Luther Vidal (1895-1969) and Nina Gore (1903-1978). He was promiscuous in his youth and was openly bisexual. He lived with a man for over fifty years until he died in 2003. Vidal died of pneumonia at his home in the Hollywood Hills, Los Angeles, California.






Billy Ocean

Billy Ocean (born Leslie Sebastian Charles; 21 January 1950) is a songwriter, recording artist and musician. He was born in Fyzabad, Trinidad to Grenadan parents. He has many hit singles. Most were put out in the 1980s.

On 20 October 2010, Ocean was presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the MOBO Awards in London.

On 29 July 2011, Ocean became a Companion of the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts. His title was presented by Sir Paul McCartney.


Natalie Merchant

Natalie Merchant (born October 26, 1963 in Jamestown, New York) is an American musician, recording artist and singer-songwriter. Her hit singles include "Carnival" and "Trouble Me". She was part of 10,000 Maniacs until 1993, before she left the group for a solo career.

In 2003, Merchant married Daniel de la Calle. They had a daughter named Lucia. However, in an interview in 2012, she indicated that she is now divorced. She likes gardening and painting. Some paintings can be seen at her official website. She has been a vegetarian since 1980.




Emil Cioran

Emil Mihai Cioran (, ; 8 April 1911 – 20 June 1995) was a Romanian philosopher and essayist. He was known for his antinatalism, pessimism, skepticism, nihilism and gnosticism. His works often depict an atmosphere of torment, a state that Cioran himself experienced, and came to be dominated by lyricism.



The Angels

The Angels are an American girl group who had most of the popularity in the 1960s. Their song "My Boyfriend's Back" hit #1 in 1963, although the band has had many other songs.



Nick Nolte

Nicholas King Nolte (born February 8, 1941) is an American actor. He has acted in many movies, including the dramas "I'll Do Anything" and "Blue Chips". Nolte has won a Golden Globe Award. 

Nolte was born in Omaha, Nebraska on February 8, 1941. Nolte was educated at the University of Arizona. Nolte was married three times; first to Sheila Page from 1966 until they divorced in 1970. Second he married Sharyn Haddad from 1978 until they divorced in 1983. Lastly he married Rebecca Linger from 1984 until they divorced in 1994. 

He was partners with; Karen Louise Ecklund from 1970 until they separated in 1977. Then he was partners with Vicki Lewis from 1994 until they separated in 2003. He is currently partners with Clytie Lane since 2003. With Linger Nolte has a son Brawley Nolte, and with Lane he has a daughter Sophie Lan Nolte. 



Nu Shooz

Nu Shooz are an R&B group based in Portland, Oregon.They formed in 1979. They released many records in the 1980s. However, they did not hit the mainstream until after their 1986 album "Poolside" was released. The song "I Can't Wait" was among their many hit songs. In 1988 the band broke up. In 2007 they got back together.

Robert Palmer

Robert Allen Palmer (January 19, 1949 – September 26, 2003) was a British musician, singer-songwriter and recording artist who released many hits during the 1970s and the 1980s. His hits include "Addicted to Love" and "Bad Case of Loving You (Doctor, Doctor)".

Palmer received a number of awards throughout his career, including two Grammy Awards for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance, an MTV Video Music Award, and was twice nominated for the BRIT Award for Best British Male.

Robert Palmer married Susan Eileen Thatcher in 1971. They had two children together, James and Jane. They divorced in 1999. In 1993, Palmer moved from the Bahamas to Lugano, Switzerland. He thought the islands were overrun with drugs and guns and were no longer safe. Palmer's companion at the time of his death was Mary Ambrose.

Palmer moved to Lugano, Switzerland, in 1986. He became a naturalized citizen of Switzerland in 1993. He lived there until his death. 

A heavy smoker, he died in Paris, France, from a heart attack on 26 September 2003 at the age of 54. He was holidaying with his close friend, Jack Bruce, and conducting publicity appearances for his most recent release "Drive" prior to his death. 

He was survived by his parents, Leslie and Anna Palmer, his brother, Mark Palmer, and his children, James and Jane.

 

Edwin Starr

Edwin Starr (January 21, 1942 – April 2, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He had many hit songs. His most notable song was "War". The song sold over one million copies. He was very popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s.

Starr was an African American who was born in Nashville and grew up in Cleveland.

On April 2, 2003, at the age of 61, Starr suffered a heart attack and died while taking a bath at his home in Bramcote near Nottingham. He left a wife, Annette Mary Hatcher, a son André Hatcher, and two grandchildren Alonté Renfroe and Maryah Hatcher.


Blackstreet

Blackstreet is an American R&B group. It began around 1991. It was created through Teddy Riley. The group was very strong during the 1990s. Their songs included "No Diggity" and "Booty Call".



The Bartons Arms

The Bartons Arms is a pub in the Newton neighborhood of Aston, Birmingham. It is in the country of England.

The pub was built in 1901. It had special walls built that let middle class people drinking in the bar see the working class drinkers on the other side, but the working class drinkers could not see the middle-class people watching them. Laurel and Hardy visited the pub. There are photographs of them serving beer to bar visitors.

The Bartons Arms is in the movie "Felicia's Journey" and a book, "The Last Viking: The Untold Story of the World's Greatest Heist," by Ron Dawson. In 2006 the pub had a fire due to electrical problems. In the 2011 England riots the pub was attacked.


R. G. Armstrong

Robert Golden "R. G." Armstrong, Jr. (April 7, 1917 July 27, 2012) was an American movie, stage, television actor, and playwright.

Armstrong was born on April 7, 1917 in Pleasant Grove, Alabama and raised in on a small farm near Birmingham, Alabama. Armstrong was educated at Howard College and went to University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with late actor John Forsythe and late actor and friend Andy Griffith. After graduated he the Actors' Studio.

Armstrong's career began in 1959 when he starred in the movie "The Fugitive Kind" and later appeared in other movies like; "El Dorado", "Race with the Devil", "The Car", "Dick Tracy", "Predator", and his final movie "Purgatory".

Armstrong was married to Ann Neale from 1952 until they divorced in 1972, they had four children. Later he married Susan M. Guthrie from 1973 until they divorced in 1976. Lastly he married Mary Craven from 1993 until she died in 2003.

Armstrong died on July 27, 2012 in his home in Studio City, California from natural causes. He was 95. He is survived by his four children from his first marriage.



Kate Jackson

Catherine Elise "Kate" Jackson (born October 29, 1948 in Birmingham, Alabama) is an American actress. She has acted in many movies and television programs. She was in "Charlie's Angels" during the 1970s to early 1980s.

Chick-fil-A

Chick-fil-A is an American fast food restaurant chain. The franchise is based in Atlanta and has places in parts of the United States. Chick-fil-A menu items are delicious and spicy.

S. Truett Cathy opened a restaurant called the Dwarf Grill (now known as the Dwarf house) in Atlanta, in 1946. In 1961, he found a fryer that is quicker in frying the chicken. After the discovery, he changed the name to Chick-fil-A inc. The slogan, ""We Didn't Invent the Chicken, Just the Chicken Sandwich"" refers to their top menu item, the chicken sandwich.

The first Chick-fil-A opened in 1967, in the Greenbriar mall in Atlanta.


Richard Dreyfuss

Richard Stephen Dreyfuss (born October 29, 1947) is an American actor.

Dreyfuss was born on October 29, 1947 in Brooklyn, New York to Norman Dreyfuss, a lawyer, and to Geraldine Dreyfuss, a peace activist. Dreyfuss was raised Bayside, Queens, New York. Dreyfuss and his family first moved to Europe, because his father dislike New York City. Later they moved to Los Angeles, California when he was just 9 years old. He was educated at Beverly Hills High School.

His career began during the late 1960s and had appeared in movies such as; "American Graffiti", "Inserts", "Jaws", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "The Goodbye Girl", "Whose Life Is It Anyway?", "Moon over Parador", "Always", "What About Bob?", "Poseidon", "Mr. Holland's Opus", and "James and the Giant Peach".

Dreyfuss has won an Academy Award for Best Actor in 1977 for his role in "The Goodbye Girl" and was nominated for another Academy Award for Best Actor in 1995 for his role in "Mr. Holland's Opus". He has won a Golden Globe Award, BAFTA Award, and in 2002 he was nomination for a Screen Actors Guild Award.

Dreyfuss was married to Jeramie Rain from 1983 until it ended in divorced in 1995, they had three children. Later he married Janelle Lacey in 1999 until they divorced in 2005. He is currently married to Svetlana Erokin since 2006. They currently live in Carlsbad, California and in Encinitas, California.

Dreyfuss suffers from bipolar disorder. In 2006, he appeared in Stephen Fry's documentary "", which documented Stephen Fry's life with the disease.


Paradise Valley, Montana

Paradise Valley is a major river valley of the Yellowstone River in southwestern Montana. It is just north of Yellowstone National Park in Park County, Montana. The Absaroka Range is on the east and the Gallatin Range on the west.

The Paradise Valley is separated from the Gallatin Valley and Bozeman, Montana by the Bozeman Pass. The valley lies mostly along a north-south axis. It is anchored to the north by Livingston, Montana and to the south by Yankee Jim Canyon which is about fifteen miles north of Gardiner, Montana. 

The Paradise Valley was the original entrance to Yellowstone National Park. Today, the other entrances to the park are at West Yellowstone, Montana from the west, from the northeast at Cooke City-Silver Gate, Montana, from the east at Cody, Wyoming, and from the south at Grand Teton National Park and Jackson, Wyoming.

The Yellowstone River flows through the valley. It is noted for world-class fly fishing in the river and nearby spring creeks such as DePuy Spring Creek. The valley has other natural wonders such as several natural hot springs, including Chico Hot Springs near Emigrant, Montana, La Duke Hot Springs near Gardiner, and Hunter's Hot Springs near Livingston.

Emigrant Peak is the largest peak near the valley. It is 10,921 feet in elevation. It is in the southern part of the valley on the eastern side of the river. It is in the Absaroka mountain range.


Hardee's

Hardee's is an American fast food franchise. It began on September 3, 1960. It operates mainly across the Midwestern States of the United States. The restaurant sells chicken strips, French fries and burgers. Wilbur Hardee was the founder of Hardee's.

Easy Rider

Easy Rider is a 1969 American road movie directed by Dennis Hopper, and written by Hopper, Peter Fonda and Terry Southern. It tells the story of two bikers who travel through the American Southwest and South for freedom. The success of the movie helped spark the New Hollywood phase of movie making during the early 1970s. The movie was added to the Library of Congress National Registry in 1998.

The movie was said to be a counterculture movie. "Easy Rider" explores the societal landscape, issues, and tensions in the United States during the 1960s, such as the rise and fall of the hippie movement, drug use, and communal lifestyle.

"Easy Rider" is famous for its use of real drugs in its portrayal of marijuana and other substances.

Hopper received the First Film Award ("Prix de la première œuvre") at the 1969 Cannes Film Festival. At the Academy Awards, Nicholson was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. The movie was also nominated for Best Writing, Story and Screenplay Based on Material Not Previously Published or Produced.

The movie is at number 88 on the American Film Institute's list of 100 Years, 100 Movies.


Gaby Hoffmann

Gabriella "Gaby" Hoffmann (born January 8, 1982) is an American movie and television series actress who also did some commercials. She starred in the 1988 comedy "Uncle Buck" and "Field of Dreams", a 1989 movie.

Bob Newhart

Bob Newhart (born September 5, 1929) is an American actor and stand up comedian. He has performed on many television sitcoms. One of them was his self-titled sitcom "The Bob Newhart Show" and other one "Newhart". He also appeared in the Christmas comedy movie "Elf".

In 2011, Newhart made a cameo in the movie "Horrible Bosses", and in 2013 he guest starred in an episode of "The Big Bang Theory", for which he won his very first acting Emmy Award on September 15, 2013. 

Newhart was born in Oak Park, Illinois on September 5, 1929. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Newhart studied at Loyola University at Chicago. He served in the United States Army before his acting career began. Newhart married Virginia "Ginnie" Quinn in 1963. She died in 2023. They have four children. 


Della Reese

Della Reese (July 6, 1931 – November 19, 2017) was an American singer, (television) actress, and Christian minister. She started acting in the 1950s. She was best known for performing as Tess in the CBS drama "Touched by an Angel" (which began September 1994 and ended in 2003). She was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Reese died of complications from diabetes on November 19, 2017 in Encino, California at the age of 86.

June Carter Cash

Valerie June Carter Cash (June 23, 1929 - May 15, 2003) was an American singer, actress, and dancer. She was the second wife of singer Johnny Cash. She and Johnny had many hit records in their careers. She died due to complications of surgery. Her widower, Johnny, died four months after her. She was the cousin of President of the United States Jimmy Carter.

June Carter Cash was born Valerie June Carter in Maces Spring, Virginia, to Maybelle Carter and Ezra Carter. She was born into country music and performed with the Carter Family from the age of ten, beginning in 1939. June and her sisters, with mother Maybelle and aunt Sara joining in from time to time, reclaimed the name "The Carter Family" for their act during the 1960s and 1970s.

Carter was married three times and had one child with each husband. All three of her children would go on to have successful careers in country music. Her last marriage was to Johnny Cash. In 1968, Cash proposed to Carter during a live performance at the London Ice House in London, Ontario, Canada. They married on March 1 in Franklin, Kentucky, and remained married until her death in May 2003, just four months before Cash died. The couple's son, John Carter Cash, is a musician, songwriter and producer. 

June Carter Cash died in Nashville, Tennessee, on May 15, 2003, of complications following heart-valve replacement surgery, in the company of her family and her husband of 35 years, Johnny Cash.



Tanya Roberts

Tanya Roberts (born Victoria Leigh Blum; October 15, 1949 – January 4, 2021) was an American actress, producer, and model. She appeared in many movies and television series. Roberts was born in Bronx, New York, and has both an English and a Jewish background.

She was known for her role as Julie Rogers on the fifth and final season of "Charlie's Angels" (1980–81) and as Midge Pinciotti on "That '70s Show" (1998–2001). She was a Bond girl in "A View to a Kill" (1985).

On December 24, 2020, Roberts collapsed suddenly at her home in Los Angeles. She was hospitalized under critical condition at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and she developed a urinary tract infection and sepsis. Roberts died on January 4, 2021 at aged 71.


Miss You

"Miss You" is a song by American singer Aaliyah. It was written in 1998, by Johnta Austin, Ginuwine and Teddy Bishop. The song was recorded for Aaliyah's third album (2001). However, it not included on the album. "Miss You" remained an unreleased song. When Aaliyah died in the Bahamas in August 2001, it was released on her greatest hits album "I Care 4 U" (2002). It was released as the first single from the album in 2003.

The song is a ballad. It was given positive reviews from music critics. It reached the top twenty in Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland. In the US, the song reached number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It then became Aaliyah's highest-charting single after her 2000 number one single "Try Again" featuring Timbaland.

A music video of the song was released. It was directed by Darren Grant. It features Aaliyah's friends and other artists lip synching the song. These artists include Missy Elliott, Lil' Kim, Toni Braxton, Queen Latifah, Rosario Dawson and Quincy Jones among others. The music video was nominated for Best R&B Video at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. American rapper Jay-Z used the instrumental and chorus of "Miss You" for its official remix version.

"Miss You" was written by Johnta Austin and Teddy Bishop. It was produced by Bishop. It was originally written for American R&B singer Ginuwine's second album "100% Ginuwine" (1999). During the fall of 1999, when Aayliah was recording songs for her next album in the Manhattan Center Studios, she asked Austin and Bishop if she could hear what they written for other artists. Ginuwine had already recorded "Miss You", which was originally titled as "I Miss You". Bishop told in an interview, "She was like, 'I want to cut this record' [...] She got on the phone, called him and said 'Hey I know you cut this record already, but I would love to cut it'." Ginuwine, who also co-wrote the song, allowed her to record her own version. Aaliyah redone the entire song and recorded that night. Aaliyah wanted the song to be on her next album. However her record company, Blackground Records, did not believe it would be successful. It was left unreleased until her death in August 2001.

Slant Magazine called the single "Aaliyah-lite". MusicOMH.com gave a positive review of the song and said that it is the best new song from her album. A writer from Allmusic believed "Miss You" was not the best of her productions with Timbaland but said it "stand[s] up well".

"Miss You" debuted at number 55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It then reached number three. It was the eighth best-song of that year for the Hot 100. It was the third best-song of that year on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In the week of November 22, 2008, "Miss You" debuted at number 38 on the Top Ringtone chart. This marked its fifth year since it was first released.

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Darren Grant. It features Aaliyah's friends and other artists lip synching to the song. The video was shot in two locations. These include Long Island City, New York and Los Angeles, California. American artists Tweet, Lil' Kim, Jaheim, and Lil' Jon were among those who came to the Long Island shoot. However, Jamie Foxx, DMX, Quincy Jones, and Ananda Lewis were some of the celebrities who appeared at the Los Angeles shoot.

There are clips of Aaliyah on the music video. These include some footage's of her in her music videos and in others. "Miss You" reached number 23 on BET: Notarized Top 100 videos of 2003.



Derek Tsang

Derek Tsang(曾國祥, born 8 November 1979) is an actor, director and screenwriter from Hong Kong. He is Eric Tsang's son. He appeared in "The Thieves" movie.


Gabrielle Union

Gabrielle Union (born October 29, 1972 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American movie actress. She has starred in many movies. She was in the 2003 movie "Bad Boys II" with Martin Lawrence and Will Smith. She recently starred in the Netflix original "The Perfect Find" with "Keith Powers".
Gabrielle is currently married to Dwyane Wade with a daughter, Kaavia James.

William John Macquorn Rankine

William John Macquorn Rankine (born July 5, 1820 in Edinburgh – died December 24, 1872 in Glasgow) was a Scottish physicist and engineer. He developed the Rankine scale. He made many important contributions to the thermodynamics. His manuals of engineering science and practice were used for many decades after their publication, in the 1850s and 1860s.


Gabby Douglas

Gabrielle Christina Victoria Douglas (born December 31, 1995 in Virginia Beach, Virginia) is an American gymnast. She competed with the United States' women's gymnastics team in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She won gold medals in both the individual all-around and team competitions. (In the "all-around" competition, gymnasts do all four gymnastics activities - balance beam, vault, uneven bars, and floor exercise.) 

Douglas is the first African-American woman in Olympic history to win first place in the individual all-around competition. She is also the first American gymnast who ever won gold medals in both the all-around and team competitions at the same Olympics. 

Douglas started gymnastics at age 6. Her sister Arielle, who had broken her wrist doing gymnastics, convinced their mother to let Gabby start taking gymnastics classes. In October 2002, Douglas began her training at Gymstrada Gymnastics in Virginia Beach, Virginia. In July 2004, she left Gymstrada and began training at Excalibur Gymnastics.

At age 16, Douglas made it to the Olympic Trials. She won first place and got a spot on the United States' 2012 women's gymnastics Olympic team. Her teammates were Jordyn Wieber, McKayla Maroney, Kyla Ross, and Aly Raisman. They won the team all-around gold medal, and Gabby also won the individual all-around gold medal.


Phil Hartman

Phillip Edward Hartmann (known professionally as Phil Hartman; September 24, 1948 – May 28, 1998) was a Canadian-born American graphic designer, artist, writer, comedian, voice artist, and actor. Hartman was born in Brantford, Ontario, Canada and he then moved to the United States with his family at the age of 10 and then became an American citizen in 1990. Hartman was a cast member of "Saturday Night Live".

Hartman was born Philip Edward Hartmann on September 24, 1948 in Brantford, Ontario, Canada. He was the fourth of eight children of Doris Marguerite (Wardell) and Rupert Loebig Hartmann, a salesman specializing in building materials. One of his brothers is named John Hartman. His parents were Catholic and raised their children in that faith. As a middle child, Hartman found affection hard to earn and stated: "I suppose I didn't get what I wanted out of my family life, so I started seeking love and attention elsewhere."

Hartman got his start in show business as a performing member of the comedy troupe, "Groundlings". Hartman then joined the cast of "Saturday Night Live" in 1987, and stayed on the show for 8 years. Hartman also did prominent voice acting roles on "The Simpsons" until his untimely death in 1998. He was also part of the main cast on the critically-acclaimed sitcom "News Radio", until his murder. Hartman, before becoming an actor and performer, worked as an album designer and graphic artist for multiple rock bands such as Poco, America and Crosby, Stills and Nash, while also co-creating the signature logo for the latter group. Hartman had also co-created the character Pee-wee Herman together along with his fellow Groundlings member and associate Paul Reubens. Hartman also co-wrote the screenplay for the film "Pee-wee's Big Adventure". 

He had also appeared in multiple films such as "Coneheads", "Kiki's Delivery Service", "Cheech & Chong's Next Movie", "House Guest", "The Pagemaster", "Small Soldiers" and "Jingle All The Way", among many others. Hartman was also a prolific voice actor who had voice roles in several cartoons, such as "Scooby Doo", "The Simpsons", "", "Darkwing Duck" and "The Smurfs".

One of Hartman's last notable projects was in the 1998 video game "Blasto", released for the PlayStation.

On May 27, 1998, Brynn returned to home that night and had a big fight with her husband. After the fight, Phil told her that if she ever used any drugs or abuse their children, then he would break up with her and take the children with him.
Later on May 28, 1998 at almost 3:00 AM, while he slept in his bed, Phil died at the hands of his wife, Brynn Omdahl-Hartman, by a revolver. Brynn, intoxicated and under the influence of cocaine and alcohol, drove to the home of a friend, and confessed to the murder. Returning to the house, with the couple's two children asleep inside, Mrs. Hartman pulled to gun to her head, and ended her life at around 6:30 AM. Phil Hartman was cremated days later, with his ashes spread over an island off the coast of Southern California.

The Hartmans' two children, Sean Edward Hartman (born in 1989) and Birgen Anika Hartman (born in 1992), were raised by their aunt and uncle, Katherine Omdahl (Brynn's sister) and Michael Wright in Minnesota.


Gloria Gaynor

Gloria Gaynor (born Gloria Fowles, September 7, 1943 near Newark, New Jersey) is an American recording artist and musician. She performed disco in the 1970s. She is best known for her classic song "I Will Survive".

John Forsythe

John Forsythe (born Jacob Lincoln Freund; January 29, 1918 April 1, 2010) was an American stage, television, and movie actor.

Forsythe born on January 29, 1918 in Penns Grove, New Jersey to Blanche Materson (née Blohm) and to Samuel Jeremiah Freund. Forsythe was the oldest of three. Forsythe was raised in Brooklyn, New York. He was educated at Abraham Lincoln High School and at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill along with late actors R. G. Armstrong and Andy Griffith. 

His career began when he was an announcer for the Brooklyn Dodgers. Forsythe's movie career began in 1943 in the movie "Northern Pursuit" and since then he had appeared in many movies such as; "Destination Tokyo", "Escape from Fort Bravo", "Madame X", "Topaz", "Scrooged", and his final movie was the 2003 movie "" that is the sequel to the movie that is based on the television series "Charlie's Angels" in which Forsythe starred in. 

Forsythe had starred in television series, but his most notable television works is in "Dynasty" as Blake Carrington and as Charles Townsend in the hit series "Charlie's Angels". Forsythe was also in "The Powers That Be", and was a Miss Universe host in 1989.

Forsythe has won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series Drama in 1984 for his role in "Dynasty". 

Forsythe was married three times. He married Parker McCormick in 1939. They divorced in 1943. He married Julie Warren in 1943. She died in 1994 when Forsythe decided to turn her off of life support when she had breathing problems. He married Nicole Carter in 2003. They were married until his death in 2010. Forsythe had a son, two daughters, six grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.

Forsythe died on April 1, 2010 from complications of pneumonia in Santa Ynez, California. He was 92 years old. His widow Nicole Carter died 40 days later. He is buried at Oak Hill Cemetery in Santa Barbara, California. He is survived by his son, his two daughters, six grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.


Spinal muscular atrophy

Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) is a serious genetic disease that causes nerves and muscles to stop working. Babies affected by SMA often get weak and might die after their lungs fail. Adults who develop the disease gradually lose the ability to move their bodies. The muscle weakness is known to worsen as the patient ages. 

Spinal muscular atrophy is inherited from parents who might or might not have the disease themselves but both of whom have a fault (mutation) in their genes that predisposes to the disease. Around one in 25 to one in 50 persons, depending on the country, carries a faulty gene of SMA.
Spinal muscular atrophy is the most common genetic disease causing deaths of babies. Only one medicine helps in SMA, it is called Spinraza.

It can already be observed before birth. It is the most rare and most severe form of the condition. Infants who have it tend to move less in the womb. As a result, they are often born with joint deformities or contractures. They have very weak muscle tone (hypotonia) at birth. Their respiratory muscles are also very weak. Most of them do not survive past infancy due to respiratory failure. Some also develop congenital heart defects. 

Also known as Werdnig-Hoffmann disease is the most common form of all. Its severe form can be seen at birth or within the first few months. Children affected cannot control their head movements. Others may struggle sitting down without any assistance. Others may have difficulty swallowing, which often lead to difficulty feeding. Some may also develop breathing problems because of the weakness of their respiratory muscles. Due to respiratory failure, most patients who suffer from this type of condition do not survive past early childhood. 

It is also called Dubowitz disease. It is identified by muscle weakness that develops in children between ages 6 and 12 months. They usually cannot sit without support. Apart from difficulty sitting, they usually cannot stand nor walk without help. Other signs include involuntary trembling (tremors) in their fingers, develop scoliosis, and respiratory muscle weakness that can be life-threatening. Many individuals with this type of condition often can only live up to their twenties or thirties.

Another name is Kugelberg-Welander disease. It causes muscle weakness in mid-childhood. While many can stand and walk earlier on without much help, as the condition progresses over time, walking and climbing stairs tend to become increasingly difficult for them. Most individuals suffering from this condition tend to require wheelchair assistance later in their lives. Unlike other types, they usually have normal life span. 

It is rare and usually manifests in early adulthood. Patients often experience mild to moderate muscle weakness, tremors, and very mild breathing problems. 

African traditional religion

Traditional African religions are the traditions of the religious groups in Africa. After Christianity and Islam, they are the third-biggest religious group in Africa. These religions still stick to their traditions. They are folk religions, and combine different beliefs. In general, people in the cities confess to either Christianity or Islam. The people outside the cities believe in the traditional religions. These religions are omnipresent in everyday life. All that happens has a supernatural cause, rooted in religion. People are born with a certain religion. Normally conversions from one belief system to another do not take place. There is a central belief in a "life force" which links everyday life with the metaphysical. Generally, such religions are full of life, and have a low esteem for an ascetic lifestyle. There is also the fear of spirits, the dead, and of magic, which influence everyday life.

Helsingborg

Helsingborg is a city in Sweden. It is the seat of Helsingborg Municipality, Skåne County. In 2010, 97,122 people lived there.

Patty Hearst

Patricia Campbell "Patty" Hearst (born February 20, 1954) is an American socialite and kidnapping victim. On February 4, 1974, Hearst was kidnapped from her apartment. Her experience may have been a case of Stockholm syndrome. She went on to commit robbery with the gang who kidnapped her. Natasha Richardson played Hearst in the movie "Patty Hearst".

<br>

Beatrice Roberts

Alice Beatrice Roberts (March 7, 1905 July 24, 1970) was an American actress whose career lasted for 40 years. She is best known for being the wife of Robert L. Ripley and the mistress of Louis B. Mayer. 

She was born on March 7, 1905 in Manhattan, New York City, New York. Roberts died on July 24, 1970 in Plymouth, Massachusetts from complications of pneumonia. She was 65. 


Barbara Eden

Barbara Eden (born Barbara Jean Huffman August 23, 1931) is an American actress. She is best known for her acting in the sitcom "I Dream of Jeannie". She has been featured in other television series. She was born in Tuscon, Arizona. She was raised in San Francisco.

Eden has been married three times. Her first marriage was to Michael Ansara in 1958. They divorced in 1972. They had a son, Matthew Michael Ansara. On September 3, 1977, She married Charles Donald Fegert. They got divorced in 1983. She married Jon Eicholtz in January 1991. 


Mike Beebe

Mickey Dale Beebe (better known as Mike Beebe; born December 28, 1946) is an American politician. He was the Governor of Arkansas from 2007 to 2015. He was elected in 2006 as governor and re-elected in 2010. He is a member of the Democratic Party of the United States.

Common juniper

The common juniper ("Juniperus communis") is a species in the genus "Juniperus", in the family Cupressaceae. It has the largest range of any woody plant. It is all over the cool temperate Northern Hemisphere. It can be found in North America, Europe and Asia.

"Juniperus communis" is a shrub or small coniferous evergreen tree. It is a low spreading shrub. Sometimes it can reach 10 m tall. 

The seed cones are berry-like. They are green when ripening. In 18 months they change to purple-black with a blue waxy coating.

It is too small to be used for lumber. In Scandinavia, however, juniper wood is used for making containers. These containers store small amounts of dairy products such as butter and cheese. In Estonia juniper wood is valued for its long lasting and pleasant aroma. Various decorative items (often eating utensils) are common in most Estonian handicraft shops and households.

Its astringent blue-black seeds, commonly known as "Juniper berries", are too bitter to eat raw. They are usually sold dried and used to flavour meats, sauces, and stuffings. They are generally crushed before use to release their flavour. The berries are used to flavour certain beers and gin. The Slovak national alcoholic beverage Borovička is also flavoured with juniper berry extract.

Juniper berries have long been used as medicine by many cultures. Juniper berries act as a strong urinary tract disinfectant if eaten. They were used by Native Americans as an herbal remedy for diabetes. Western American tribes combined the berries of "Juniperus communis" with Berberis root bark in a herbal tea. Native Americans also used juniper berries as a female contraceptive.

Snail kite

The snail kite ("Rostrhamus sociabilis") is a bird of prey. It is in the family Accipitridae, which also includes the eagles, hawks, and Old World vultures. 

Snail kites are long with a wingspan. They weigh from . 

They have long, broad, and rounded wings. Its tail is long with a white rump. The dark, deeply hooked beak measures . 

It flies slowly with its head facing downwards to see its prey. It mostly eats large apple snails. 

The snail kite lives in tropical South America, the Caribbean, and central and southern Florida in the United States. It nests in a bush or on the ground and lays 3–4 eggs.

Old World vulture

Old World vultures belong to the family Accipitridae. This family also includes eagles, buzzards, kites, and hawks.

Old World vultures are not closely related to New World vultures and condors. They do not share that group's good sense of smell. 

Both Old World and New World vultures are scavenging birds. They feed mostly from carcasses of dead animals. Old World vultures find carcasses only by sight. Many vultures have a bald head, with no feathers or short down feathers. Because of how a vulture eats, their head is spattered with blood and other fluids. They are able to keep clean by not having long feathers on their head.

There are two groups of Old World vultures. The first group has the Egyptian vulture, bearded vulture, and palm-nut vulture. Some scientists put this group into a separate subfamily called "Gypaetinae", which means "eagle-vultures". It is related to the group of bazas, honey-buzzards and cuckoo-hawks, which are much smaller birds. The second group has all the other species. It is related to the booted eagles, which is a group of eagles that have feathers on their legs down to their toes. 

The palm-nut vulture is unusual, because it feeds mainly on the fruit of the oil palm. 

Genus "Gypaetus"
Genus "Neophron"
Genus "Gypohierax"

Genus "Aegypius"
Genus "Gyps"
Genus "Necrosyrtes"
Genus "Sarcogyps"
Genus "Torgos"
Genus "Trigonoceps"

Kite (bird)

Kites are raptors. They have long wings and weak legs. They spend most of the time soaring. Most feed mainly on carrion. Some take live prey.

They are birds of prey which, along with hawks and eagles, are from the family Accipitridae.


A few of the Perninae are also called kites.


Buzzard

A buzzard in biology is a member of the genus Buteo. In general talk it may be one of several large birds.

In the Old World buzzard can mean:

In the New World 'buzzard' may mean:

Scientifically, these are all buzzards.


Sacred kingfisher

The sacred kingfisher ("Todiramphus sanctus") is a medium sized woodland kingfisher. 

They live in mangroves, woodlands, forests, and river valleys in Australia, New Zealand, and other parts of the western Pacific. In New Zealand the species is also known by its Māori name Kōtare.

The sacred kingfisher is mostly turquoise, with white underparts and collar feathers. Both sexes are similar. The females are usually more dull colored. Juveniles have rusty-brown edges on the collar and underparts. The bird is long. They feed on insects, small crustaceans, fish, small rodents and reptiles. Usually, a bird will sit on a low branch and wait for prey to pass by. It swoops down to grab the prey and returns to its perch to eat, much like a hawk.

Once a pair of birds has mated, both members of the pair dig the nest. The nest is usually on a burrow in a river bank or a large, empty branch. The female lays about five eggs. Both birds incubate the eggs and take care of the young.

Bill Finnegan

William Robinson "Bill" Finnegan (June 29, 1928 in Kansas City, Missouri November 28, 2008 in Sag Harbor, New York) was an American television and movie producer who is well known for his works in "The Fabulous Baker Boys", "Hawaii Five-O", and "Reality Boys". He was a five time Emmy Award nominee. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri on June 29, 1928. He died from Parkinson's disease in Sag Harbor, New York on November 28, 2008, aged 80.




Operation Barbarossa

Operation Barbarossa (, named after Frederick I) was the code name for the European Axis invasion of the Soviet Union during World War II. It began on 22 June 1941. More than 3 million men attacked along the 2,900 km front, which made it the largest military invasion in human history. It also involved 600,000 motor vehicles and 750,000 horses.

In the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact of 1939 Germany and the Soviet Union agreed not to fight each other. Planning for the German surprise attack started in December 1940. The attack was to start on May 15, and its main objective was to destroy the Soviet military power. Some Nazi ideological goals were included, as were Soviet deposits of natural resources, which would be helpful to keep fighting the war against the Allies.

Even though the Soviet Red Army suffered huge losses, the attack did not complete its objectives. The Germans held some of the most important economic areas of the Soviet Union, mainly in Ukraine. However, the Germans were pushed back from Moscow. 

The German attack opened the Eastern Front, which in Russia is called the "Great Patriotic War". In the following years Axis powers could not do another attack as large and long as Operation Barbarossa.


Operation Barbarossa was the largest military operation in human history by the number of men involved and by the number of people who died. The operation opened a theatre in which more men were involved than any other in history.

Hoxne

Hoxne (pronounced 'Hoxen') is an ancient village in Suffolk, England, about five miles (8 km) east-southeast of Diss, Norfolk

The area around the village is of great archaeological significance. 

The village is also home to The Swan Inn. The Swan occupies a 15th Century, Grade II listed lodge, formerly known as Bishops Lodge. This pub is set at the bottom end of the village green, near Saint Edmund's memorial and bridge. Built in 1480 by the Bishop of Norwich, The Swan has a long history; both the restaurant and bars reflect Hoxne's ecclesiastical past, with ornate ceiling beams and wide-planked floors.

Type (biology)

In biology, a type is a specimen, or example, of a specific living thing or taxon, which is a group of specific living things. For example, if a scientist catches one frog that is not any species of frog already known, then that frog is the "type" of a new species of frog. That species will have a new scientific name. In older English writings from before 1900, plant scientists used the word type for groups of specific living things instead of specimens.

A taxon is a group of living things with a scientific name. Taxons can be small or large. A species is a taxon. A genus is a taxon. A kingdom is a taxon. Taxons are based on detailed, published descriptions and on type material. Scientists show the type material to other scientists so tehy can study it. They usually do this by putting the material in museums' research collections.

The International Code of Zoological Nomenclature (ICZN) and the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants (ICN) make rules for type specimens. In these rules, the scientific name of every taxon is almost always based on just one "specimen". Types are usually specimens that are kept in a museum or herbarium research collection. These types are usually whole organisms in a preservative, for example alcohol. Sometimes they are just pictures of the organisms. Describing species and appointing type specimens is part of scientific nomenclature and alpha taxonomy.

Depending on the naming code for the organism, a type can be a specimen, a culture, a drawn picture, or (for bacteria) a description.

For example, in the research collection of the Natural History Museum in London, there is a bird specimen numbered 1886.6.24.20. This is the specimen for the spotted harrier, "Circus assimilis". This specimen is the holotype for that species; the name "Circus assimilis" is, by definition, the species of that particular specimen.

Scientists do not need to make sure that the specimen they use as a type is a "typical" individual in that taxon. The type can be a different color from other members of its taxon. It can be deformed or different.

The use of the term "type" is complicated because botany and zoology use it differently. In the "PhyloCode", type-based definitions are replaced by phylogenetic definitions.

The type locality is the place where the scientists found the type specimen.

In some older books about taxonomy, writers use the word "type" differently. Some use it to mean "taxon."



Type species

The term type species is used in the scientific naming of living things, and is part of a system using a so-called "type".

The type system is central to the scientific naming of living things (organisms). How exactly it works is different depending on exactly what living thing is considered, but in a very general (and imprecise) sense it may be said that it fixes each name "to a particular specimen", the type specimen. This helps in finding out what particular name is to be used for a particular living thing (or a group of living things, a taxon). There are international Codes of nomenclature which set out exactly how types are to be designated and used.

For animals, the type species of a genus (or subgenus) is the type of that genus (or subgenus). The species (hopefully) has a specimen (or in some cases a group of specimens) as its type, so the type species is the link between a genus (or subgenus) and a type specimen.

For algae, fungi and plants, it is different: the type species of a genus is the species that has the same type (specimen or illustration) as the genus. For example, "Malus sylvestris", the European Wild Apple, is the type species of the genus "Malus". Thus, for algae, fungi and plants, a type species plays no great role; it is not an official term, but only a term of convenience.

Type site

In archaeology, a type site (or type-site, or typesite) is a site that is typical of a particular archaeological culture. A type site contains artifacts which are typical of that culture. Type sites are often the first or foundational site discovered about the culture they represent. 

For example, the type site of the Pre-Pottery Neolithic A culture is Jericho, in the West Bank. The type site of the pre-celtic/Celtic Bronze Age Hallstatt culture is the lakeside village of Hallstatt, Austria.

In geology the term is used similarly for a site considered to be typical of a particular rock formation, etc. The use of this term is similar to that of the type specimen in biology. 

Sportsperson

A sportsperson, also known as sportsmen or sportswomen, is a person who is involved in sports. It may mean someone who is known for the promotion of sport or athletic activities. 

A sportsperson can be a man or a woman who is person trained to compete or interested in a sport involving physical strength, speed or endurance. A sportsman is a player in a sport; but the term also means someone who plays sport in a way that shows respect and fairness towards the opposing player or team. 

The term sportsman can also be used to describe a former competitor who continues to promote the sport in later years. For example, Tsunekazu Takeda is a sportsman who competed in two Summer Olympic Games and who was the President of the Japanese Olympic Committee before he was elected to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in 2012. 

Sportspeople may be professionals or amateurs. Sportsmen and sportswomen often have particularly well-developed physiques obtained by extensive physical training and strict exercise accompanied by a strict dietary regimen, but term is also used more broadly. For example, Hou Yifan was honored in 2011 as the best sportsperson of the year in a non-Olympic event.

The term athlete may be used as a synonym for sportspeople in general, but the word has strong connotations of people who compete in team sports, as contrasted with other sporting types such as horse riding and driving. For example, a fisherman may be called a sportsman, but not an athlete. In British English (as well as other variants in the Commonwealth) athlete can also have a more specific meaning of people who compete in traditional athletics (track and field) events.

The term "World's Greatest Athlete" was first to describe the sportsman Jim Thorpe in the 1912 Summer Olympics at Stockholm in Sweden. Thorpe won the gold medal in the decathlon. When King Gustav V of Sweden awarded Thorpe, he said, "You, sir, are the greatest athlete in the world." 

The title of "World's Greatest Athlete" traditionally belongs to the world's top competitor in the decathlon (males) and heptathlon (females) in track and field. These competitions require an sportsman to possess the whole spectrum of athletic ability in order to be successful including speed, strength, coordination, jumping ability, and endurance.


Salt-n-Pepa

Salt-n-Pepa are an American hip hop trio. They started in New York City in 1985. Among their hit singles are "None of Your Business", "Whatta Man", "Push It" and "You Showed Me". The group have gone through several lineup changes since their starting. They released their first album "Hot, Cool & Vicious" in 1986. "None of Your Business" won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group in 1995.

Volkswagen Bora

The Volkswagen Bora is a car produced by Volkswagen. It replaced the Vento in 1998, and was replaced by the Jetta in 2005.


Audi 80

The Audi 80 was a car produced by Audi from 1972 to 1994. It was replaced by the Audi A4.

Miki Kanie

Kanie was part of a team which won the bronze medal in women's archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

This was Japan's first Olympic medal in any team archery event.


Kaori Kawanaka

Kawanaka was part of a team which won the bronze medal in women's archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

This was Japan's first Olympic medal in any team archery event.


Ryohei Kato

He is the son of Hiroyuki Kato who is the Olympic team coach for gymnastics.

Kato was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.



Néstor Carbonell

Nestor Gastón Carbonell (born December 1, 1967 in New York City, New York) is an American television and movie actor. He is known for playing Richard Alpert in "Lost", and for playing Mayor Anthony Garcia in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight" (2008) and in "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012). He is also known for his role in "Suddenly Susan", and as Batmanuel in "The Tick".

Carbonell was born on December 1, 1967 in New York City, New York to a Spanish family. Carbonell was educated at Harvard University. He has been married to Shannon Kenny since 2001. They have two children together.


Amuca tribe

The Amuca tribe (), (), is one of the Alevism-Bektashi groups of the Turkish tribes of the Oghuz Turks who traces back to Gündüz Bey older Brother to Osman I. This was a group of people in the Ottoman Empire which moved from Anatolia to the Balkans. At the end of 14th century, this clan settled in Thrace. Today they live in Kırklareli Province. The first founded village of this tribe was Keşirlik, located in the Mahya Dağı. The Men are wellknown Wrestlers in Turkish Oil Wrestling. 

Kazuhito Tanaka

Tanaka was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.



Sportsmanship

Sportsmanship is traditional value in sports and competition. It means playing clean and handling both victory and defeat with grace, style, and dignity.

Sportsmanship is generally understood to include

The ideal of sportsmanship argues that "it doesn't matter whether you win or lose, but how you play the game".

Sportsmanship can be different depending on the game itself or the culture of the group. For example, in the sport of cricket, a player will sometimes acknowledge that he is out by walking off the field, even though the umpires (game officials) had thought that he was not out. In another example, a tennis player who sees a ball go in but is called out by the linesperson could concede the point or suggest the opponent make a challenge, as was the case with professional tennis player Jack Sock on at least two occasions.
In the context of the Olympic Games, athletes are expected to do their best. Otherwise, they would go against the Olympic motto of "Faster, Higher, Stronger".


In the London Olympics, some athletes attempted to lose their badminton matches, including


Multi-touch

In computing, multi-touch is the name for a piece of technology that lets you use a trackpad or touchscreen by pressing on more than one place on the screen at one time. This often lets you do things that you could not do by other ways, such as pinch to zoom.

One of the first products to have multi-touch was the iPhone. Its iOS operating system was meant to be used using gestures such as tapping, pinching, spreading, rotating, and more. At the time, Apple, the company who made the iPhone, tried to register the word "multi-touch" as a trademark, but they could not do so as the term became used by everyone else.

Today, multi-touch can be found on many electronic devices with touchscreens, such as smartphones, tablet computers, and even some PCs.

Pierre de Coubertin medal

The Pierre de Coubertin medal is awarded by the International Olympic Committee and recognizes those who demonstrate the spirit of sportsmanship in the Olympic Games. The medal is not the same award as the Pierre de Coubertin World Trophy, which is awarded by the International Fair Play Committee.


Iberian lynx

The Iberian lynx ("Lynx pardinus") is a feline. It is similar to other versions of the genus "Lynx". The Iberian lynx has almost no threats except man, but it is almost extinct. It is the most endangered cat species in the world.

Iberian lynx hunt rabbits. One of the strategies aimed at saving the species is to change the use of land in such a way that it becomes more attractive to rabbits, which can then be hunted by the lynx. This strategy also benefits other endangered species, such as the Spanish imperial eagle.

In 2014, the Iberian lynx is treated as a species inside the famly of lynx by many biologists, mainly because of its independent development on the Iberian peninsula. This has not always been the case: Beforehand, it was seen as a subspecies of the Eurasian Lynx.

In 2002, the Jerez Zoo confirmed it had three females and was developing a plan for a captive breeding program. One of those females was Saliega, captured as a cub in April 2002. She became the first Iberian lynx to breed in captivity, giving birth to three healthy kittens on March 29, 2005 at the El Acebuche Breeding Center, in the Doñana Nature Park in Huelva, Spain. Over the following years, the number of births grew and additional breeding centers were opened. In March 2009, it was reported that 27 cubs had been born since the beginning of the program. In 2009, the Spanish government planned to build a €5.5 million breeding center in Zarza de Granadilla. Portugal established a breeding center in Silves.

There were 14 surviving cubs in 2008 and 15 in 2009. In 2010, intense rain and health issues resulted in lower reproductive success—14 born, 8 surviving—but the next year, breeding centers recorded 45 births with 26 surviving kittens. In 2012, breeding centers in Portugal and Spain reported a total of 44 survivors from 59 births, while 2013 saw a total of 44 survivors out of 53 born.

In March 2013, it was reported that Iberian lynx embryos and oocytes had been collected and preserved for the first time. They were collected from Saliega and another female—both sterilized and retired from the breeding program—by Berlin's Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research and stored in liquid nitrogen at the Museo Nacional de Ciencias Naturales de Madrid (CSIC) for possible future breeding.


Suzy Bogguss

Susan Kay "Suzy" Bogguss (born December 30, 1956 in Illinois), is an American country and folk singer and musician. She was popular in the 1980s and 1990s. During that time she had one platinum record, three gold records and six top ten songs. She last appeared on "Billboard" Hot Country Singles Chart around 2001. She has continued to record albums and songs in the country and rock areas.

At the 1992 Country Music Association Awards, Bogguss won the Horizon Award.

Vivica A. Fox

Vivica Anjanetta Fox (born July 30, 1964 in South Bend, Indiana) is an American movie and television producer and actress. 

Fox' breakthrough came in 1996, with roles in two box-office hit films, Roland Emmerich's "Independence Day" and F. Gary Gray's "Set It Off". She later starred in films "Booty Call" (1997), "Soul Food" (1997), "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" (1998), "Kingdom Come" (2001), "Two Can Play That Game" (2001), and "Boat Trip" (2002). Fox played Vernita Green in" Kill Bill", and played supporting parts in films like "Ella Enchanted" (2004).

Fox has appeared in numerous television shows, including Empire and The Young and the Restless.

Stardust (song)

"Stardust" is an American popular song It was composed in 1927 by Hoagy Carmichael. In 1929, Mitchell Parish added lyrics. At first, the song was called "Star Dust". Carmichael was the first person to record the song. He recorded it at the Gennett Records studio in Richmond, Indiana. The song is "a song about a song about love".

Many musicians recorded this song. Artie Shaw recorded it with his big band.


Andalién River

The Andalién River is a river in the province of Concepción in Chile. It crosses part of the communes of Concepción, Talcahuano and Penco, ending at the Bay of Concepción. The total length of the river is 130 km with a basin area of 780 km² and the average discharge is 10–300 m³/s.



Howard Dean

Howard Brush Dean III (born November 17, 1948) is a Democratic Party member. 

He held office with the Democratic National Committee from 2005 to 2009. Before that, he was Governor of Vermont (1991 to 2003). Dean ran, without success, for United States President during 2004. However, the "Dean Scream", which happened during a campaign rally, ruined his chances. 

Mike Kellogg

Michael "Mike" Kellogg (September 27, 1941 – June 25, 2023) was a senior announcer with Moody Radio and host for "Music Through the Night".

Kellogg was born in Cedarville, Ohio. He was later educated at Cedarville College in Cedarville, Ohio. Kellogg moved to Chicago, Illinois.

Kellogg first wanted to be a writer who later got a job for a newspaper company at a young age, and was later writing for the broadcasting company in Chicago. Kellogg began his career in the late 1980s when "Music Through the Night" was also created. In late 1982 Kellogg was hired to be host of "Music Through the Night". Kellogg now speaks to the late-night listener, presenting a relaxed yet relaxed direct message of the fullness of a life of religion. Besides "Music Through the Night", Kellogg can also be heard in a two minute radio program "Today in the World".

In 1980, Kellogg was given the Religion in Media Award for his dramatic role in the radio for "Treasures in the Snow".

He was married to Nancy Kellogg whom he had six children, and ten grandchildren. Kellogg lived in Valparaiso, Indiana. Kellogg is an educator of religion.

Kellogg died in Valparaiso on June 25, 2023, at the age of 81.

Theresa Russell

Theresa Russell (born March 20, 1957 in San Diego) is an American actress. She has done many movies. Some of the better-known ones are "The Last Tycoon" (1976), "Black Widow" (1987) and "Spider-Man 3" (2007).

Russell was married to British movie director Nicolas Roeg (born 1928) from 1982 until they divorced.

Crystal Bernard

Crystal Bernard (born September 30, 1961) is an American sitcom actress. She also does other television acting. She is best known for her role in the NBC sitcom "Wings".


Call Me Maybe

"Call Me Maybe" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Carly Rae Jepsen. It is the first song on her EP "Curiosity" (2012). It is the third song on her second album "Kiss" (2012). The song was written by Jepsen and Tavish Crowe as a folk song, but its genre (style of music) was changed to pop after the production by Josh Ramsay. It was released as the first single from the EP on 20 September 2011, through 604 Records. Jepsen was later signed to Schoolboy Records and the song was released in the United States. Call Me Maybe is about love at first sight.

"Call Me Maybe" reached number one on the charts in Australia, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Hungary, Ireland, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Poland, Slovakia, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It reached the top three in Austria, Belgium (Flanders & Wallonia), Germany, Israel, Japan, Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden. "Call Me Maybe" made Carly Rae Jepsen the fifth Canadian artist to reach number one on the Canadian Hot 100 since 2007. In the United States, "Call Me Maybe" is the first number one by a female Canadian artist on the Billboard Hot 100 chart since "Girlfriend" by Avril Lavigne in 2007.

"Call Me Maybe"'s music video was directed by Ben Knechtel. In the video, Carly Rae Jepsen wants the attention of an attractive boy. At the end of the video, the boy is revealed to be attracted to a male band member. To promote the song, Carly Rae Jepsen sang it on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show. "This was Carly Rae Jepsen's first time on US television. Jepsen also sang the song at the 2012 "Billboard" Music Awards. "Call Me Maybe" has been covered by many singers including Kelly Clarkson, Fun, Big Time Rush, Lil Wayne and Cody Simpson. "Call Me Maybe" has been parodied by Cookie Monster and some of the news staff of National Public Radio. "Call Me Maybe" was covered on "The New Rachel", the first episode of the fourth season of "Glee".

"Call Me Maybe" was nominated for two Grammy Awards in 2013: Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance. On 11 December 2012, "Call Me Maybe" was chosen as "Song of the Year" for 2012 by MTV. In 2012, "Billboard" magazine ranked the song #2 in the Hot 100 Songs, Digital Songs, and Canadian Hot 100 charts. On all three charts it was behind "Somebody That I Used to Know", a song by Gotye featuring Kimbra. "Call Me Maybe" sold over 12 million copies in 2012, so it was the best-selling song in the world that year. It was the best-selling single on the iTunes Store in 2012. "Call Me Maybe" had sold over 18 million copies by July 2015. It is the best selling song of the 21st century by a female artist. "Call Me Maybe" was the best-selling digital single of 2012. It is the seventh best-selling digital single ever.

"Call Me Maybe" was written by Carly Rae Jepsen and Tavish Crowe as a folk song when they were on tour. Jepsen said that writing the song was easy, and that she wasn't "over-thinking it. We brought in Josh, and he helped us kind of pop-ify it."

"Call Me Maybe" was recorded at the Umbrella Studios in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.

"Call Me Maybe" was first released in just Canada on 20 September 2011. In December 2011, singers Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez heard the song on the radio. They shared the song through Twitter. This brought attention to Carly Rae Jepsen and "Call Me Maybe". Jepsen was signed by Scooter Braun to his record label, Schoolboy Records. Interscope Records helped to release "Call Me Maybe" around the world.

Blue Chips

Blue Chips is a 1994 sports drama movie about basketball. It stars Nick Nolte and Shaquille O'Neal. Nolte plays a basketball coach whose by-the-book recruitment methods run afoul of substandard school officials. O'Neal plays Neon Bodeau, an innocent basketball player.

Michael Michele

Michael Michele (born August 30, 1966 near Evansville, Indiana) is an American television and movie actress. She played Selina in the 1991 movie "New Jack City". She acted in the medical drama "ER" and in "Gossip Girl".

Cassius Dio

Lucius Cassius Dio Cocceianus (, c. AD 150 – 235), known in English as Cassius Dio, Dio Cassius, or Dio (Dione. lib) was a Roman consul. He was active as a historian writing in Greek. Dio published a history of Rome in 80 volumes, beginning with the legendary arrival of Aeneas in Italy through the subsequent founding of Rome (753 BC), the formation of the Republic (509 BC), and the creation of the Empire (31 BC), up to AD 229; a period of about 1,400 years. Of the 80 books, written over 22 years, many survive into the modern age intact or as fragments. Modern scholars still use them to get a detailed understanding of Ancient Roman history.

Sharon Lawrence

Sharon Lawrence (born June 29, 1961) is an American actress who became notable when she starred in "NYPD Blue". She also acted in other programs.

Lismore, New South Wales

Lismore is a town in northeastern New South Wales, Australia and is in the Aboriginal Bundjalung Nation. It is on the Bruxner Highway, and the state capital city of New South Wales, Sydney is to the south by highway. The state capital city of Queensland is north.

Southern Cross University is based in Lismore, so there are a lot of students from around the state and country. There are six high schools and three primary schools as well a school which has students from Kindergarten all the way through to Year 12.

Michael Roark

Michael Sean Roark (born May 9, 1983) is an American actor and lawyer.




Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-1

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-1 is a Soviet fighter aircraft. It first entered into the Soviet Air Force in 1941.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-3

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-3 is a Soviet fighter aircraft. It first entered into the Soviet Air Force in 1941.

Mary Ann Mobley

Mary Ann Mobley (February 17, 1939 – December 9, 2014) was an American television and movie actress. She appeared in the sitcoms "Designing Women" and "Diff'rent Strokes", and in other television programs. She was Miss America 1959. She was married to actor Gary Collins until his death in 2012.

Mobley died at her home in Beverly Hills, California from breast cancer, aged 75.


Mikoyan-Gurevich DIS

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG DIS is a Soviet fighter aircraft. Two prototypes were made and the program was cancelled.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-9

MiG-9 Fargo is a Soviet fighter aircraft. It first entered into the Soviet Air Force in 1946.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-23

MiG-23 Flogger is a Soviet interceptor-fighter aircraft. It first entered the Soviet Air Force in 1970. This is the first MiG that has variable geometry swing-wings, meaning that you can control the wings to be at a certain angle. The MiG-23 was a replacement for the MiG-21. It was used by Iraq in the Iran-Iraq War, the Kuwait Invasion, and the Gulf War. Today, it is still used, but not as much as other modern jets.

Mikoyan MiG-27

MiG-27 Flogger is a Soviet ground-attack aircraft. It first entered the Soviet Air Force in 1975. This plane's design is similar to the MiG-23. This plane was mostly used in the Soviet Union and it successor states. Today, the Kazakh Air Force is the only user of the MiG-27.

Mikoyan MiG-31

MiG-31 Foxhound is a Soviet/Russian interceptor aircraft. It first entered into the Soviet Air Force in 1982.


Sukhoi Su-35

Sukhoi Su-35 is a Russian fighter aircraft. It first entered the Russian Air Force in 2010.

Mule deer

The mule deer ("Odocileus hemionus") is a species of deer. They are sometimes called black-tailed deer. They live in western North America. Their name was given to them because of their mule-like ears. There are many subspecies, including the black-tailed deer. Unlike the white-tailed deer, mule deer lives on land west of the Missouri River. They also live in the Rocky Mountains region of North America. Mule deer have been introduced to Argentina.

The mule deer's favorite food is new plants that grow in the spring. They eat a large number of their yearly calories during spring feeding. Because spring comes later in colder places, the mule deer move from warmer to colder places so they spend the most where there are spring plants to eat. Scientists call this "green wave surfing." According to scientists from the University of Wyoming, by migrating, mule deer can eat spring plants for 120 days in a year with lots of rain and 60 days in a year with very little rain. The deer are very good at figuring out where the spring growth will be and when it will be there, even when it is different from the last year. The scientists also say that climate change is putting the deer in danger by causing more years with very little rain.


Haitian Creole

Haitian Creole is a type of Creole language spoken by about 13 million people, mostly Haitians and the Haitian diaspora. Most of its vocabulary is derived from French. This language is called Kreyòl Ayisien by those who speak it.

The language started in Haiti by contact between the colonizers, who spoke French, and the black people they enslaved, who spoke African languages. The African influences in Haitian Creole can be noticed in the sound, syntax, and vocabulary.

In Haiti, the upper classes have often disrespected Haitian Creole even though they speak it, but the language has recently started to become more accepted. There are more books in Haitian Creole, and it was finally acknowledged in Haiti's constitution in 1987.

Mountain goat

The mountain goat ("Oreamnos americanus") is a species of goats. They are also known as the Rocky Mountain goat. They live in North America. They are part of the genus "Oreamnos". They like to live on high elevations. Mountain goats are great at climbing, and will rest on rocky cliffs. They do this so predators cannot get them.

The mountain goat wanders the mountains alone, and meets only to mate. It eats grasses, lichens, and leaves. It is 3–4 ft. at the shoulder (90-120 centimeters.) The mother mountain goat is called a nanny, and the male is called a billy, the baby is called a kid.

Their thick undercoat, and long white overcoat, protects them from blustery wind, and harsh weather that often occurs in their mountainous habitat. Both male and female have short, strong, legs that have large black hooves on the end. The billy had long slender horns that measure approximately 1 foot. The nannies have slightly longer horns. The female uses her horns to defend her young. She will often dominate the territory, and the male will leave her alone.

The female mountain goat, or nanny, becomes pregnant in November, the only month they are together, and gives birth to her kid six months, or half a year, later. The nanny will protect her young for a while and eventually the kid will leave his mother. He will most likely not know his father. They are alone for most of the year except for November which is the mating month.

Raedeke, Kenneth J. "Mountain goat." World Book Advanced. World Book, 2012.Web. 20 Dec. 2012.


Bighorn sheep

The bighorn sheep ("Ovis canadensis") is a species of sheep that lives in the western half of North America. Their name comes from their large horns. Their horns can weigh up to 30 pounds (14 kg). However, the sheep themselves weigh up to 300 pounds (140 kg). 

Genetic testing showed that there are three subspecies of bighorn sheep:

Adult male bighorn sheep can weigh 350 lbs (159 kg) and stand 40 inches (102 cm) tall at the shoulder. Adult female sheep are as heavy as 250 lbs (113 kg). They are grayish brown to dark brown in color with white faces and rear ends. This makes them difficult to see when the ground is part snow and part grass.

Their hooves are rough on the bottom. This allows the sheep to climb, walk, and jump in steep, rocky places.

All bighorn sheep have horns. They stay on their heads their whole lives. They do not fall off the way antlers do. Male bighorn sheep have large, curved horns that curl around their faces. Female bighorn sheep have shorter horns with sharp points.

Bighorn sheep live in herds. Male sheep live in herds with only other adult males. These are called bachelor herds. Female sheep live in herds with other adult females and lambs. When male sheep are two years old, they leave their mother's herd and find a bachelor herd.

Bighorn sheep eat many kinds of plants. They have four-part stomachs. They feed on plants in lowlands and then go back to the rocks, where they can chew their cud and digest the food. Desert sheep can eat cacti.

When it is time for the sheep to mate, the adult male rams run toward each other and hit each other with their horns. This makes a loud noise. The rams' skulls are thick and strong.

Bighorn sheep live up to 14 years.

Golden eagles, mountain lions, bears, Canada lynxes, and coyotes eat bighorn sheep. Bighorns can also die when lungworm parasites give them pneumonia.

The bighorn sheep came from Siberia. They crossed to North America over the Bering land bridge. The population grew in the millions.

Native Americans used bighorn sheep for food and made things out of their skins. It became part of the mythology of many groups of Native Americans.

By 1900, the population got smaller to several thousands. Almost all the bighorn sheep in the Rocky Mountains died in the 1800s and early 1900s. Hunters killed them for meat and horns. Bighorn sheep caught diseases from ranch sheep. Many organizations, including the Boy Scouts of America, have helped increase the population.


Dominican Spanish

Dominican Spanish is Spanish as it is spoken in the Dominican Republic and by the Dominican diaspora.

Dominican Spanish is based on Canarian and Andalucian dialects from south Spain but with some influences from West African languages. The indigenous Arawak language left very little influence on the language; the only influence they left were some words, mainly for foods and names.

Examples of African-based syntax:

Words such as "mangu" (mashed plantains), "kamboumbo" (basket for clothes), "guineo" or "guinea" (banana), and many more. Note, most of these African words are either Igbo or Kikongo origins. The most dominant African languages that has had the most influence in the formation of the Dominican Spanish is the Igbo, Yoruba, Kongo, Twi, Fon, Ewe, Mandinga, Hausa, Wolof etc. With the syntax being based off the Yoruba language and Mande languages, the phonetics heavily influenced by the Kikongo, and the pronouciations of certain words containing some elements of the Mandingas and the Igbos. Most schollars, just as all of the West Indies have said that the Kikongo language influenced greatly the formation of the Dominican Spanish .

These are some examples of Dominican Spanish. «Note» some of these words or expressions/idioms are of African origin.
Palenquero is a Spanish-African based Creole with Portuguese influences that is spoken in the Caribbean coast of Colombia.

The Eastern Cuban Spanish dialect is remarkably identical to the Dominican Spanish . Many Cubans consider the east part of Cuba as another Dominican Republic due to similar culture.

Julie Brown

Julie Ann Brown (born August 31, 1958) is a comedian and movie actress who often parodies other celebrities. Celebrities included (though not limited to) skater Nancy Kerrigan, singer Madonna and more in her comedy movies. She was especially popular between the mid 1980s until around the early 2000s.

Brown is known for her popular parody song "Homecoming Queen's Got a Gun".


Bristol Airport

Bristol Airport is the commercial airport for the city of Bristol, England, and the area around it. It is in Lulsgate Bottom in North Somerset. It opened as Bristol (Lulsgate) Airport in 1955, from March 1997 to March 2010 it became known as Bristol International Airport. In 2003, the airport drew 45% of its passengers from the former county of Avon area, 13% from Devon, 10% from Somerset. It also has bases for Easyjet and Ryanair. In 2011, it was the ninth busiest airport in the United Kingdom, with 5,780,746 passengers, a 0.6 percent rise compared with 2010.

In March 2010, the airport was given the name Bristol Airport.

The airport specialises in package trips to Spain and other Mediterranean destinations. It has no flights to the London airports, or Manchester Airport or Birmingham Airport. Its passengers come from Scotland, Ireland, and the North East of England. The airport does serve general aviation such as private and business planes.

Forth

Forth (sometimes written FORTH) is a stack-based programming language best known for its use of Reverse Polish notation which greatly simplified the compiler as it required no precedence analysis component.

It was developed by Charles H. Moore in 1969. Forth uses a two component system, an operating system to run the programs, and an editor to write them. Like most other high-level languages, FORTH can produce highly-efficient code.


Summer in the City

"Summer in the City" is a very popular song about summer. It was by The Lovin' Spoonful. Many other musicians have covered the song. It was released in 1966, at which time it hit #1 across the charts of "Billboard" Hot 100. The instrumental bridge of the song features car honking, starting with a Volkswagen Beetle horn and then ending with jackhammer sounds. These sounds were included to represent what summer in the city sounds like. The song was featured in several movies.

Cruel Summer

"Cruel Summer" is a popular song by Bananarama. It was released in 1984 in the United States. It charted higher around the United Kingdom after being released there one year before. The song is about sadness during the summer and wanting to be close to another person. Fourteen years after it came out, Ace of Base did an updated version of this classic.

Teddy Riley

Edward Theodore "Teddy" Riley (born October 8, 1967) is a Grammy Award winning, American singer-songwriter, musician, keyboardist, and record producer. He is credited with the creation of the New Jack Swing. The musicians with whom Riley has been connected include Michael Jackson, Keith Sweat, and Mike Posner.

Riley started a band called Guy with Aaron Hall and Timmy Gatling in 1987. They have released three albums. In 1994 Riley started another band called Blackstreet. They have released four albums. Riley co-produced half of Michael Jackson's 1991 album "Dangerous". It is the best-selling new jack swing album ever released.

Emma Thomas

Emma Thomas is an English movie producer. She is known for producing movies like "The Prestige", "Batman Begins", "The Dark Knight", "Inception", and "The Dark Knight Rises", in which all movies are directed by her husband Christopher Nolan. She also produced the 2013 movie "Man of Steel". She won an Academy Award in 2024 when the movie she produced, "Oppenheimer" won the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Born in London, England, she was educated at University College London where she meet her husband Christopher Nolan. Her career began in 1997 and has produced almost all of Nolan's films. Thomas married Nolan in 1997. They have four children. They currently live in London, England and Los Angeles, California.

Producer


Sade

Sade (Helen Folasade Adu, OBE, born 16 January 1959) is a British-Nigerian singer-songwriter who has many hit songs. Among them are "No Ordinary Love", "The Sweetest Taboo" and "Paradise", all of them getting high marks on United States music charts.

Sade was born in Nigeria to an English mother and Nigerian father. She moved to Essex at age four. In 2002, Adu was awarded an OBE for services to music, and stated her award was "a great gesture to me and all black women in England".

Henry Cavill

Henry William Dalgliesh Cavill (born May 5, 1983) is an English movie, voice, and television actor. He is known for playing Superman in the DC Extended Universe, beginning in "Man of Steel" (2013).

Cavill was born on 5 May 1983, the fourth of five boys in a Roman Catholic family in Saint Helier, Jersey, in the Channel Islands.[2] His Jersey-born mother, Marianne Dalgliesh, is of Scottish, English and Irish heritage and worked as a secretary in a bank.[3] His father, Colin Cavill, was born in Chester, England and is a former stockbroker.[3][4] He was educated at St Michael's Preparatory School in Saint Saviour, Jersey, before attending Stowe School in Stowe, Buckinghamshire.[5]

He has appeared in the movies "The Count of Monte Cristo", "Stardust", and "Immortals", and played the role of Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk, on the Showtime series "The Tudors", from 2007 until 2010. 

He played Superman in Zach Snyder's 2013 movie "Man of Steel", "", "Justice League" and "Zack Snyder's Justice League".



Michael Shannon

Michael Corbett Shannon (born August 7, 1974 in Lexington, Kentucky) is an American actor. He is a two-time Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor nominee for his roles in "Revolutionary Road" and "Nocturnal Animals". He was a regular on the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire", playing Agent Nelson Van Alden. Shannon played General Zod in Zack Snyder's 2013 movie "Man of Steel" and will play the role again in "The Flash". He plays Colonel Richard Strickland in "The Shape of Water". He also played Walt Thrombey in the crime comedy movie "Knives Out".

Shannon was born in Lexington, Kentucky on August 7, 1974 to Donald S. Shannon and to Geraldine Hine. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. His career began in 1993 in the movie "Groundhog Day".

Shannon married Kate Arrington in 2018. They have two daughters.

24 Hours of Le Mans

The 24 Hours of Le Mans is the world's oldest active sports car race in endurance racing. The race happens each year near the town of Le Mans, France. It was first run in 1923.

The cars must run for 24 hours without mechanical damage. It is important to manage the cars' consumables, mostly fuel, tires and braking materials. The driver goes over two hours behind the wheel before stopping in the pits. Then a relief driver takes over the driving duties. Drivers then eat and rest before returning to drive. Today it is a rule that three drivers share each car.

At the end of the 24 hours, the car which has driven the most laps of the track wins the race. Different types of cars race in different categories. Currently there are four different categories, with the fastest cars racing in the 'LMP1' category.

The race is held in June. This can lead to very hot conditions for the drivers. The race begins in mid-afternoon. The drivers race through the night and following morning. They then finish at the same time the race started, the following day.

Tom Kristensen has won the race 8 times. This is the most of any driver. Porsche cars have won 16 times. This is the most of any car manufacturer.

Motocross

Motocross is a form of motorcycle racing. It is done on an off-road circuit. The sport came from motorcycle trials competitions held in the United Kingdom. Motocross is a physically demanding sport. It is held in all weather conditions and is a high-octane sport.

There are many competitive events in motocross.

Motocross can be dangerous and physically demanding. In order to protect themselves and ride safely, every rider wears gear designed to prevent injury to the body. These include:

Motocross helmets are specially designed to reduce multi-directional impact to the brain and skull. Modern day helmets have a hard outer shell, expanded polystyrene foam liner, inner foam padding and straps to keep it in place.

Goggles help protect the eye from dirt, rocks, dust and other loose particles when riding. This is particularly important since motocross is ridden on outdoor dirt tracks. Motocross goggles have foam liners which seals the eye area, anti-fog lenses and coloured lenses for different light conditions. Goggles also have clear plastic lens covers that can be torn off or rolled off during a race so the goggle remains clean and clear while riding.

Knee braces have padding to protect the rider's knee joint. They can be made from different materials depending but have a solid outer frame with a hinge to adjust over your knees 

Motocross boots are different to regular motorcycle boots. They are designed to protect the rider's legs, feet and ankles from injury and are typically made from thick leather and plastic shielding. They also have plastic panelling, thick rubber soles, sturdy toe protectors and plastic supports. Motocross boots will sometimes feel tight and hard to walk in as they are meant to cover the ankle and feet like a cast for protection 

Tour of Flanders

The Tour of Flanders is a Flanders Classics road cycling race. It is held in Belgium every spring. It is a week before the Paris–Roubaix road race. The Tour of Flanders is part of the UCI World Tour. It is one of the monuments of the European professional calendar. It is the most important cycling race in Flanders. Its nickname is "Vlaanderens mooiste" which is Dutch for "Flanders' finest".

When the race began in 1913 the starting city was Ghent with the end of the race in Mariakerke. It has changed twelve times since then. In 2012 the race starts in Bruges and ends in Oudenaarde.

The race has a number of short, sharp hills. The race gives prizes to the first cyclist to go up 17 of these hills. These hills make the race very challenging.

""Looking back, you get a bit nostalgic, but from a competitive point of view, Flanders was one of the most horrible races to ride but one of the greatest races to win."" - Sean Kelly 


Annabeth Gish

Anne Elizabeth "Annabeth" Gish (March 13, 1971 near Albuquerque, New Mexico) is a television, movie and stage actress. She has acted in many movies, including "Mystic Pizza" (1988) and "Beautiful Girls" (1996). She was born near Albuquerque but was raised near Cedar Falls and Waterloo, Iowa.

Liège–Bastogne–Liège

Liège–Bastogne–Liège is one of the five 'Monuments' of the European professional road cycling calendar. It is often called "La Doyenne" which means "the oldest". It is run in the Ardennes region of Belgium. The race is from Liège to Bastogne and back to Liège.

"Still active are in italic".

Mystic Pizza

Mystic Pizza is a 1988 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It stars Annabeth Gish and Julia Roberts. The movie is about teenage girls who work in a pizza parlor in Connecticut. The movie received very positive reviews and has become a cult classic.

Dunkin' Donuts

Dunkin' Donuts, often abbreviated as DD and officially known as simply Dunkin', is an American multinational franchise based in Canton, Massachusetts. 

The company started as a traditional donut shop, selling doughnuts and coffee. Later, they added flavored coffee and iced coffee. They also began to sell breakfast sandwiches: these contain egg, cheese, and pork (bacon, ham, or sausage), on bread (bagel, croissant, or English muffin). With the addition of breakfast sandwiches, Dunkin' Donuts has since become a popular spot for a quick breakfast. 

The franchise was established around 1950, in Quincy, Massachusetts. As of 2010, over ten thousand Dunkin' Donuts locations exist worldwide. Their largest market outside of the United States is in South Korea. Its name was officially changed to simply Dunkin' in 2019.

Notes

Ichikawa Raizō VIII

Ichikawa Raizō (, 29 August 1931 - 17 July 1969), also called Ichikawa Raizō VIII (), was a Japanese movie actor, kabuki actor, and television actor.


Benbecula

Benbecula () is an island of the Outer Hebrides in the Atlantic Ocean off the west coast of Scotland. It forms part of the area administered by the Western Isles Council.

In the 2001 census it had a resident population of 1,249, with a sizable percentage of Roman Catholics. This is slightly unusual because the Highlands and Islands is generally the religious territory of the Wee Frees, the Free Church of Scotland and its various offshoots.

Free Church of Scotland

The Free Church of Scotland is the general name given to groups of worshippers who broke off from the official Church of Scotland. All these Scottish churches are Presbyterian, based on the ideas of John Knox, and do not have permanent leaders such as Popes or bishops. The breakaway groups, like the Church of Scotland itself, base their beliefs on the Bible, but differ in how it should be understood. As a general rule, all the Wee Frees read the Bible in a fairly literal way, more so than the Church of Scotland.

The main free churches are:

The English Patient (movie)

The English Patient is a 1996 British-American romantic drama movie based on the novel of the same name by Michael Ondaatje. It was written and directed by Anthony Minghella. It stars Joseph Fiennes, Kristin Scott Thomas, Juliette Binoche and Willem Dafoe. This melodrama won many Academy Awards, including Best Picture of the Year.

Husbands and Wives

Husbands and Wives is a 1992 comedy-romance movie. It stars Woody Allen (who also directed) and Mia Farrow. Its subjects are marriage and separation. It was released in the United States on September 18, 1992. It got mixed to positive reviews from audience and critics.

When Harry Met Sally

When Harry Met Sally is a 1989 American romantic comedy movie. It was written by Nora Ephron and directed by Rob Reiner. It stars Billy Crystal as Harry and Meg Ryan as Sally. They are friends in Chicago who, from 1977 to 1989, become a couple. The movie is about relationship problems. It received positive reviews by movie critics and its revenue at the box office was high.

Mo' Better Blues

Mo' Better Blues is a 1990 comedy-drama movie that was directed by and starring Spike Lee. The movie also has Wesley Snipes, Denzel Washington and Samuel L. Jackson starring. The movie relates to pianos, nightclubs and jazz.

Belmopan

Belmopan is the capital city of Belize. There are about 20,000 people living there.

Belmopan is at an altitude of 76 metres (250 ft) above sea level. Belmopan was built just to the east of the Belize River. It is inland from the former capital, the port of Belize City. Belize City was nearly destroyed by Hurricane Hattie in 1961. The government was moved to Belmopan in 1970. Its National Assembly Building is made to look like a Pre-Columbian Maya temple.

The University of Belize has a campus in Belmopan.

Corozal Town

Corozal Town is a town in the nation of Belize. It is the capital of Corozal District. Corozal Town is about 84 miles north of Belize City, and from the border with Mexico. The population of Corozal Town, according to the 2010 census, is 9,871. Corozal was a private estate before becoming a town in the 1840s. It was mostly settled by Mestizo refugees from the Caste War of Yucatán. Much of the town was built over an ancient Maya city. This may have been the original Pre-Columbian town called Chetumal. Corozal Town was badly damaged by Hurricane Janet in 1955. It was mostly rebuilt afterwards. 

Orange Walk Town

Orange Walk Town is the second largest town in the nation of Belize. It has a population of about 13,400. It is the capital of the Orange Walk District. Orange Walk Town is on the left bank of the New River. It is 53 miles north of Belize City and 30 miles (50 km) south of Corozal Town.

In the days of the Mayas, the area was known as Holpatin.

Orange Walk Town is nicknamed "Sugar City". The local Tower Hill Sugar Factory (Belize Sugar Industries) handles all of the country's sugar cane output. The farming of other crops, and tourism, also play a role in the economy.

The region is highly populated by Mestizos, Kriols, Mennonites, Chinese, Taiwanese, Indians, and other people from Central America.

Punta Gorda

Punta Gorda may be:



Erdzeichen

The Erdzeichen () is an artwork on the grounds of Munich Airport by the painter Wilhelm Holderied and the sculptor Karl Schlamminger. According to the artist, the earth sculpture at the airport is meant to be “An Island in Time,” i.e. a symbol of time sequences which are determined by the “primeval energy of the earth.” The ground-level artwork was completed in 1995. It stands in the tradition of archaic earth sculptures and modern works of Land Art, and also calls to mind Smithson’s famous “Spiral Jetty.”

The Earthsign stretches across an area measuring 270 meters by 170 meters. Its furrows are 3.40 meters deep. These furrows and the tall gravel embankments between them circle a central point, continue in a straight row, form a loop and then flow in irregularly undulating lines into the surrounding field, where they end at a straight line.

The artwork was paid for by about 400 donors in a campaign entitled “Be Part of Art.” The aerial archaeological photographer Klaus Leidorf has documented the earth sculpture and the changes which nature and the seasons have brought to it since 1994.


All That

All That is an Canadian sketch-comedy television series. It started on Nickelodeon on April 16, 1994. It ended after ten seasons on October 22, 2005. The show aired weekly. It had comedy sketches and musical guests. The theme song for "All That" was recorded by American trio TLC. At first, the show was taped at the now closed Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Orlando. They moved to Hollywood at the Nickelodeon On Sunset theater. There have been three spin-offs of the show: "The Amanda Show", "Kenan & Kel", and "Drake & Josh", which also were filmed at Nickelodeon On Sunset.

The first episode aired on April 16, 1994, as a "sneak peek". It became a regular series starting on December 24, 1994. It was broadcast worldwide including, the United Kingdom, Australia, India, Japan, Malaysia, Spain, and Canada. There were ten complete seasons of "All That" before it was canceled in 2005. The last episode aired on October 22, 2005. The show started out in the SNICK block until 2004. However, the network changed its time slot into TEENick. Some cast members hosted SNICK as the "On Air Dare", only during commercial breaks.

Nickelodeon (United States) TVO (Canada) Disney Channel (UK and Ireland) ATV (Turkey) Zee TV (India) ABC (Australia) TVNZ (New Zealand) EBS (South Korea) Spacetoon (Indonesia).


Very important person

A very important person (VIP) is a person who is given special privileges due to the status or importance of the person. The term "VIP" (usually pronounced V-I-P) is often used as an abbreviation for very important person. Such a person might be a celebrity, a head of state, a politician, a rich person, or any other person who receives special service for any reason.

The term V.I.P. appeared before World War Two, starting in the Russian emigration. It abbreviated the Russian phrase “"ves'ma imenitaya persona"” which described someone accorded special privileges due to social status or importance.

The Bodyguard

The Bodyguard is a 1992 American musical romantic drama movie starring Whitney Houston and Kevin Costner. 

Although the movie got mixed reviews from movie critics, it did very well at the box office and it became a cult movie.

Houston stars as Rachel Marron, a very successful and popular singer who is the target of an assassin. Costner stars as her bodyguard, who she hired so that he protects her from the assassin. A romantic relationship develops between the two characters.

North Uist

North Uist () is an island and community in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.

North Uist is the tenth largest Scottish island, and the thirteenth largest island surrounding Great Britain. It has an area of , slightly smaller than South Uist. North Uist is connected by causeways to Benbecula via Grimsay, to Berneray, and to Baleshare.

With the exception of the south east, the island is very flat, and covered with a patchwork of peat bogs, low hills and lochs, with more than half the land being covered by water. Some of the lochs contain a mixture of fresh and tidal salt water, giving rise to some complex and unusual habitats.

Loch Sgadabhagh is the largest loch by area on North Uist but Loch Obisary has about twice the volume of water. The northern part of the island is part of the South Lewis, Harris and North Uist National Scenic Area, one of 40 in Scotland.

Faraday's law of induction

Faraday's law of induction is a law of physics proposed by English physicist Michael Faraday in 1831. It is one of the basic laws of electromagnetism. The law explains how generators, transformers and electrical motors work.

Faraday's law of induction says that when a magnetic field changes, it causes a voltage, a difference in the electric potential that can make electric currents flow. That phenomenon was also found by Joseph Henry in 1831.

Imagine we have a closed loop of wire. To figure out how much current will be "induced" (i.e. produced by the magnetic field), we need to define the magnetic flux, a number describing how much of the magnetic field is actually going through the loop. Magnetic fields are vector fields, so they have both a strength and a direction. This leads to the following surface integral:

where

That is, we could imagine filling in the wire loop with a thin surface, like a soap film. This formula tells us to look at every point on that surface, measure how much the magnetic field is pointing straight through the loop at that point, and add up all those measurements to get a single number. That number is the magnetic flux. When the flux changes, it produces electromotive force. The flux changes when B changes or when the wire loop is moved or bent, or when both happen. The electromotive force can then be calculated with the following equation:

Paul Langevin

Paul Langevin (23 January 1872 – 19 December 1946) was a French physicist who was active at the beginning of the 20th century.

He invented sonar and worked with Albert Einstein.

Gene Siskel

Eugene Kal "Gene" Siskel (January 26, 1946 February 20, 1999) was an American movie critic and journalist for the Chicago Tribune. Along with his friend Roger Ebert, they hosted a series of movie review programs from 1975 until his death in 1999.

Siskel was born in Chicago, Illinois and was educated at Yale University. Siskel was married to Marlene Iglitzen in 1980 until his death, they had 3 children; Kate, Calie, and Will. Siskel died from complications from surgery to remove a brain tumor in Evanston, Illinois, aged 53. He is buried at Westlawn Cemetery in Norridge, Illinois.


Donald Pleasence

Donald Henry Pleasence OBE (October 5, 1919 – February 2, 1995) was an English actor. Pleasence was born in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, England. He was raised in Lincolnshire, England. During his career, Pleasence was nominated for four Tony Awards. He won a BAFTA TV Award for Best Actor in 1959. In his whole career, Pleasence appeared in over 200 movies.

He made his first movie "The Dybbuk" in 1952. It was a television movie. He acted in several movies, such as "You Only Live Twice", where he played James Bond villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld, and "The Great Escape". Pleasence is known for his role as Dr. Samuel Loomis in John Carpenter's "Halloween". Since then, he appeared in five out of the six movies of the "Halloween movie series". Pleasence did not appear in "" because it was a different story from the last two movies.

Pleasence died at the age of 75 in Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France, from complications of heart failure. It was following a heart valve replacement surgery.

Pleasence was born Donald Henry Pleasence in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, England on October 5, 1919. His parents were Alice and Thomas Pleasence. Pleasence was raised as a Methodist. He was raised in Lincolnshire, England. Pleasence studied at the Ecclesfield School in Yorkshire, England. 

During World War II, Pleasence was sent to serve in the Royal Air Force. He served with 166 Squadron, RAF Bomber Command. His war plane was shot down in August 1944, during a raid on Agenville. He was placed in the German prisoner-of-war camp. Pleasence was released before the war's end in 1945.

In 1939, Pleasence started working on stage as an assistant stage manager. His first acting job was as Hareton in the stage version of "Wuthering Heights". He worked in theatres in Birmingham and Bristol. Later, Pleasence moved to London. There he appeared as Valentine in "Twelfth Night" in 1942. 

Pleasence's first television work was in "I Want to Be A Doctor" in 1946. In 1954, he played Syme in a BBC adaptation of George Orwell's novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four". The adaptation was by Nigel Kneale. Pleasence played Prince John in several episodes of the ITV series "The Adventures of Robin Hood".

Pleasence made his big-screen debut with the 1954 movie "The Beachcomber". Some early roles include Parsons in "1984" (his second Orwell movie). He also appeared in minor roles such as in "Barnacle Bill" and in "The Wind Cannot Read". In Tony Richardson's movie, "Look Back in Anger", he plays a market inspector.

During the early 1960s, Pleasence recorded several children's-story records. They were released in the United States as "Tale Spinners For Children" by United Artists. The stories included "Don Quixote" and the "Brave Little Tailor". Pleasence did the voice-over for the British Public Information Film, "The Spirit of Dark and Lonely Water" in 1973. He was the author of the 1977 children's book "Scouse the Mouse". 

In his later years, he appeared as Lucas Deranian in Walt Disney's Escape to Witch Mountain, Dr. Loomis in "Halloween", Dr. Kobras in The Pumaman and the President in "Escape from New York". He reprised his Dr. Loomis role in "Halloween II", "", "" and "". Pleasence's acting career ended when he died in 1995.

Pleasence was nominated four times for the Tony Award. He was nominated for Best Performance By a Leading Actor in a Broadway Play. He was nominated in 1962 for Harold Pinter's "The Caretaker", in 1965 for Jean Anouilh's "Poor Bitos", in 1969 for Robert Shaw's "The Man in the Glass Booth", and in 1972 for Simon Gray's "Wise Child".

Pleasence was married four times. He married Miriam Raymond in 1941. They divorced in 1958. He married Josephine Crombie in 1959. They divorced in 1970. He married Meira Shore in 1970. They divorced in 1988. He was last married to Linda J. Kentwood in 1988. Their marriage lasted until Pleasance died in 1995. 

Pleasence had five daughters. He and Raymond had two daughters, Angela and Jean Pleasence. He and Crombie had two daughters, Polly Jo and Lucy. He and Shore had one daughter, Miranda.

Pleasence died from heart failure after heart surgery in Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France on February 2, 1995, aged 75. His remains were later cremated. His last full movie, "" was dedicated in his memory.


List of cities in Indiana

The following is the list of cities in Indiana. Cities marked with an asterisk (*) have a population of at least 35,000 and up to 600,000.

See also List of towns in Indiana.

Big Bend (Florida)

The Big Bend of Florida, U.S.A., is an informal region of the state. There are not official boundaries. 

Dallas, Georgia

Dallas is the county seat of Paulding County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 14,042. It was named for George M. Dallas, Vice President of the United States of America under James K. Polk.


Santa Venera

Santa Venera is a town in Malta. In 2013 the population was about 6,941. This town is in the Outer Harbour Region of Malta. The oldest buildings in Santa Venera are Wignacourt Aqueduct and Casa Leoni. Both of these buildings were built by the Knights of St. John.

The football team of St. Venera is the St. Venera Lightnings. They use the colours of the town: yellow and blue.

Paul Rogers

Paul Rogers (22 March 1917 – 6 October 2013) was an English movie and television actor who has appeared in movies such as; "The Beachcomber", "Our Man in Havana", "Edwin", "The Looking Glass War", and "Billy Budd". 

Rogers was born on March 22, 1917 in Plympton, Devon, England.

Rogers was educated at The Michael Chekhov Theatre Studio. Rogers was currently married to Rosalind Boxall. They two children. He lived in London, England. He has won a Tony Award.

Rogers died on October 6, 2013 in his London, England home from natural causes, aged 96.

San Lorenzo

San Lorenzo is the Italian and Spanish name for Saint Lawrence, the 3rd century Christian martyr. It may also be:























San Lorenzo, Santa Fe

San Lorenzo is a city in the south of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina. It is 23 km north of Rosario, on the western shore of the Paraná River. It is the head town of the San Lorenzo Department. As of 2001 there were about 43,500 people.

San Lorenzo has no certain foundation date. In 1984 the Municipal Council decided to choose 6 May 1796 as the day of formations. This is the date when Franciscan friars came and started the evangelization of the area.

The city was the stage of the Battle of San Lorenzo on 3 February 1813. Troops loyal to the Spanish Crown were defeated by local revolutionaries under General José de San Martín. The 18th century San Carlos Monastery has a museum about this battle. The battle was the first in the Argentine War of Independence.

San Lorenzo is the birthplace of Argentina captain Javier Mascherano.

San Lorenzo Department, Chaco

San Lorenzo is a department of Chaco Province in Argentina. There are about 14,000 people. Its capital city is Villa Berthet. 


Jack Klugman

Jacob Joachim "Jack" Klugman (April 27, 1922 - December 24, 2012) was an American movie, stage and television actor. Klugman played Oscar Madison in the television series "The Odd Couple" from 1970 to 1975. He played the title character in the television series "Quincy, M.E." from 1976 to 1983.

Klugman was born in Philadelphia to Russian Jewish immigrants. He went to Carnegie Mellon University. He started acting after discharge from the United States Army in 1945.

Klugman was married to Brett Somers from 1953 until her death in 2007. They legally separated in 1974, but never divorced. Somers and Klugman had 2 children.

Klugman started living with Peggy Crosby in 1988. They married in February 2008. He was the last surviving actor from the cast of jurors in the original 1957 movie "12 Angry Men".

Klugman was a heavy smoker. He was diagnosed with throat cancer in 1974. In 1989, he lost a vocal cord to cancer. He was left with a quiet, raspy voice. He continued to act on stage and television.

Klugman was 90 when he died on December 24, 2012 in Woodland Hills, California from prostate cancer.

He won three Emmy Awards. Two for the television version of "The Odd Couple" and one for the "Blacklist" episode of "The Defenders". He also won a Golden Globe Award for "The Odd Couple".


Monte San Lorenzo

Monte San Lorenzo, also known as Monte Cochrane, is a mountain on the border between Argentina and Chile. It is in Patagonia. The mountain reaches a height of . The Chilean name of Cochrane comes from the nearby town of Cochrane. This is where climbers often approach the mountain. The peak was first climbed by Alberto María de Agostini in 1943.

The mountain is covered by three large glaciers. There are two in Argentina and one in Chile. The Argentine glaciers show clear evidence of retreat.

San Lorenzo, Tarija

San Lorenzo (or: "Villa San Lorenzo") is a town in the Tarija Department in Bolivia.

San Lorenzo is the administrative center of Eustaquio Méndez Province. It is 2,001 m above sea leavel, on the left bank of Río Tojtiwaysho. It is 15 km north of Tarija, the department capital.

San Lorenzo had a population of more than 3,000 people in 2007.

San Lorenzo was the home of Don Eustaquio Méndez. He was one of the leaders in the fights for Argentina independence. The local museum "Casa del Moto Méndez" shows some of his personal belongings and weapons.


Mary Stuart Masterson

Mary Stuart Masterson (born in New York City, 28 June 1966) is a television actress and movie performer. She acted in the 1991 movie "Fried Green Tomatoes" (which got positive reviews by the critics). Her father was Peter Masterson.

Plasencia

Plasencia is a walled market city in western Spain. , it had a population of 41,447. It is on the bank of the Jerte River. 

The specialities of the local cuisine include "migas" (breadcrumbs with Spanish sausage and bacon), casseroles, stews and tench, an exceptional freshwater game fish.

Festivals include:

Plasencia was the birthplace of: 

Lisa Rinna

Lisa Deanna Rinna (born July 11, 1963) is an American actress, author, fashion designer, television host and television personality. She is best known for her roles as Billie Reed on "Days of our Lives", Taylor McBride on "Melrose Place", and as the host of SoapNet's "Soap Talk".

Extreme (band)

Extreme is an American rock band. They are headed by frontmen Gary Cherone and Nuno Bettencourt. They were popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Among some of Extreme's musical influences are Aerosmith, Led Zeppelin, Queen. 

Extreme had their greatest success with their 1990 album "Pornograffitti". It peaked at number 10 on the Billboard 200. It became gold in May 1991 and 2×platinum in October 1992. That album had the ballad single "More Than Words," which reached No. 1 on Billboard's Hot 100 in the United States.


Extreme Records

Extreme Records is an Australian based record label. 

The label was started by Ulex Xane. They first focused on experimental and industrial music. Roger Richards became involved in 1987. After Xane left, he became director.

Extremes (album)

Extremes is the third studio album released by American country music artist Collin Raye. "Extremes" became platinum in the United States for sales of over one million copies. The singles released from this album were "That's My Story", "Man of My Word", "My Kind of Girl", "If I Were You" and "Little Rock". "My Kind of Girl" was a Number One hit on the Hot Country Songs charts. The other singles all reached Top Ten.

"Dreaming My Dreams with You" is a cover of the Waylon Jennings song. "A Bible and a Bus Ticket Home" was later recorded by Confederate Railroad on their album "Keep On Rockin"'.


History of Bosnia and Herzegovina

In ancient times, Bosnia and Herzegovina was called . It was taken over by the Roman Empire in the 1st and 2nd centuries A.D. The Romans occupied the area until their fall in the 6th century. Then it was part of the Byzantine Empire. After that era it was a part of Hungary. Around 1200 the people revolted and won their independence. It went on to become a Christian state for some 260 years. This was during the crusades.

After that era, the Ottoman Empire was on the rise. It expanded towards the Balkans. The Ottomans defeated the Serbians at the great battle of Kosovo in 1389. They conquered Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1463. They spread the teachings of Muhammad the prophet and Muslim ways in that area. Jewish people also flooded into the area of Sarajevo (the capital). As parts of the Ottoman borders shrank, Bosnia-occupied parts shrank apart. Some countries next to Bosnia fought for their land, like Serbia and Montenegro. At the in 1878, after the Russo-Turkish War, Austria-Hungary was given the rights to occupy and govern Bosnia and Herzegovina and Austria-Hungary annexed it. This brought them into a feud with the Serbs and caused one Serb nationalist to assassinate the Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo on June 18, 1914. This assassination was one of the causes of World War I. Bosnia and Herzegovina was annexed to Serbia. The newly formed kingdom was called . Later it changed to Yugoslavia.

When Yugoslavia was invaded by Nazi Germany 1941, Bosnia and Herzegovina was made a part of Nazi-controlled Croatia. Resistance fighters of Bosnia fought against fascist troops from Croatia in guerrilla battles. At the end of World War II, they were reunited back into Yugoslavia but now under communist rule. Their leader at this point was Marshall Tito. When Marshall Tito died, so did the economy. Economic dissatisfaction grew in Yugoslavia and the Berlin Wall came down, marking an end to an era of the communist rule in much of East Europe.

Yugoslavia began to fall apart. In December 1991, Bosnia was on the brink of war as they declared independence from Yugoslavia. They demanded recognition into the European Union. In 1992, the Bosnian president, Alija Izetbegovic, declared independence. Both Croatia and Serbia claimed parts of Bosnia and had a war to see who occupies Bosnia. Serbia started to execute Muslims. The United Nations stepped in and started to bomb Serbian camps because of the terror-like things the Serbs were doing. The United States set up a peace talk headquarters in Dayton, Ohio. In 1995, the war ended. The Muslim Bosnian President is still in power and a three-part democracy was set up in Bosnia. These three countries still faced problems after the war and NATO takes over peace acts. 

Extreme Pita

Extreme Pita is a Canadian-based fast food chain. It was started by brothers Alex Rechichi and Mark Rechichi in 1997. The headquarters are in Mississauga, Ontario. The company has more than 225 units in Canada and the United States.

Extreme Pita serves pita sandwiches, salads, and pizza-style "flat-baked" pitas. The chain says these types of products are more healthy than the usual fast-food choices. Available ingredients include fresh vegetables, cheeses, meats and vegetarian options such as falafel and hummus.

Voždovac

Voždovac is one of 17 municipalities that make up the City of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.

The neighborhood of Voždovac is 4–5 km south of downtown Belgrade. The name Voždovac come from the word "vožd" which means "leader".

Due to its shape, it borders more municipalities than any other: Vračar on the north, Zvezdara on the north-east, Grocka on the east, Sopot on the south, Barajevo on the south-west, Čukarica and Rakovica on the west and Savski Venac on the north-west.

Voždovac is twinned with the following cities and municipalities:

And has signed friendship charters with following cities and municipalities:

Takashi Ohyama

Ohyama earned a degree in dentistry from TMDU in dentistry in 1966. From 1971 to 1973, he studied at the University of Illinois. 

Ohyama's working career began at TMDU. In 2008, he became the president of the university.


Fez, Morocco

Fes or Fez is the second largest city of Morocco. About 1 million people lived there in 2010. It is the capital of the Fès-Boulemane region. The city has been called the "Mecca of the West" and the "Athens of Africa".

Fez is the former capital. It is one of the country's four "imperial cities". The others are Rabat, Marrakech and Meknes.

"Fas el Bali", one part of the city, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Fes has a football team, MAS Fez. They play in the Botola the highest tier of the Moroccan football system. They play their home matches at the 45,000 seat Complexe Sportif de Fès stadium.

Fez is becoming an increasingly popular tourist destination. Many non-Moroccans are now restoring traditional houses (riads and dars) as second homes in the Fez medina. The most important monuments in the city are:

Fez is twinned with:


Kuwait City

Kuwait City is the capital of Kuwait. It has a population of 2.38 million in the metropolitan area. It is near the center of the country on the shore of the Persian Gulf. It has Kuwait's parliament (Majlis Al-Umma), most governmental offices and the headquarters of most Kuwaiti corporations and banks. 

On August 2, 1990, Iraqi forces invaded Kuwait and took the city. On August 8, Iraq said the emirate was their land. During the occupation, the city was badly damaged. Many buildings were destroyed, including the Kuwait National Museum.

Kuwait City has an arid climate. They have very hot summers, little rainfall, and frequent dust storms.

Kuwait City is twinned with:


Akio Suzuki

Suzuki earned his medical degree from TMDU in 1956. His training continued as a surgical intern in Tokyo at the U.S. Army Hospital. He was a surgical resident at Albany Medical School in New York.

In 1958, his medical career began as a staff surgeon at St Vincent's Hospital in Cleveland, Ohio. 

His academic career began in 1971 as an Associate Professor at the medical school of the University of Mississippi. 

When he returned to Japan in 1974, he was a professor of chest surgery at Juntendo University. 

In 1983, he joined the faculty of TMDU. 

He was named president of TMDU in 1995.

Akio Suzuki Memorial Hall at TMDU is named after the doctor.

Juntendo University

, also known as Jundai, is a private university in Japan.

Jutendo was established in 1838. The medical school started teaching in 1943.

The campus has expanded to several locations, including



Warabimochi

Warabimochi is made of starch, sugar and water and used to be used roots of the "warabi" (one of the Japanese plants). People often eat it with kinako or anmitsu.


Kinako

Kinako itself is not sweet, but people often add sugar into kinako and coat the mixed-one to "wagashi" (Japanese sweets), for example Warabimochi.

The use of "kinako" was recorded during the Yayoi period from 300 BC to 300 AD. 

Tergum

A tergum (plural terga) is the dorsal portion of an arthropod segment other than the head. A given tergum may be divided into hardened plates or sclerites commonly referred to as tergites.

List of hobbies

This is a partial list of hobbies. A hobby is an activity, interest, enthusiasm, or amateur pastime that people do for pleasure or relaxation. It is usually done during one's leisure time. This list includes only recognized hobbies that have been the subject of published discussions or which have organized membership associations.


Harry Reid

Harry Mason Reid (December 2, 1939 – December 28, 2021) was an American politician. He was the United States senator from Nevada from 1987 to 2017. He was a member of the United States Democratic Party, and was their leader in the Senate. Earlier, Reid was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1981 until 1987 and Lieutenant Governor of Nevada between 1971 until 1975.

Reid was born on December 2, 1939 in Searchlight, Nevada. He studied at Southern Utah University, at Utah State University, and at George Washington University.

He returned to Nevada after law school and served as Henderson city attorney before being elected to the Nevada Assembly in 1968. In 1970, at age 30, Reid was chosen by O'Callaghan as his running mate for Lieutenant Governor of Nevada. Reid and his mentor O'Callaghan won the race and Reid served as lieutenant governor from 1971 until 1974. Reid became the youngest lieutenant governor in Nevada's history. When he ran for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Alan Bible. He lost by fewer than 600 votes to former Governor Paul Laxalt. In 1975, Reid ran for Mayor of Las Vegas and lost to Bill Briare.

Nevada had only a single at-large member in the United States House of Representatives, but population growth in the 1970s caused the state to pick up a second district. Reid won the Democratic nomination for the Nevada's 1st congressional district, based in Las Vegas, in 1982, and easily won the general election. He served two terms in the House, from 1983 to 1987.

In 1986, Reid won the Democratic nomination for the seat of retiring two-term current Republican Senator Paul Laxalt. He defeated former at-large Congressman Jim Santini, a Democrat who had turned Republican, in the November election. He coasted to reelection in 1992. However, he barely defeated 1st District Congressman John Ensign in 1998 in the midst of a statewide Republican sweep.

In 2004, Reid won reelection with 61 percent of the vote, gaining the endorsement of several Republicans.

Ensign was elected to Nevada's other Senate seat in 2000. He and Reid have a very good relationship, despite their bruising contest in 1998. The two frequently worked together on Nevada issues until Ensign was forced to resign his Senate seat.

While Reid won the Democratic nomination with 75% of the vote in the June 8 primary, he faced a competitive general election for the 2010 Senate race in Nevada. Reid engaged in a $1 million media campaign to "reintroduce himself" to Nevada's voters. He defeated Republican challenger Sharron Angle in the general election.

In 2015, Reid announced his retirement from the senate. In November 2016, Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto, who he supported to replace him, won the election.

He was married to Landra Gould. They had 5 children.

In May 2018, Reid had surgery for pancreatic cancer at Johns Hopkins Cancer Center after a tumor was found in his pancreas during a routine screening. In a January 2019 interview with "The New York Times", it was revealed that Reid was confined to a desk at his home and was unable to move without the aid of a walker.

Reid died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Henderson, Nevada on December 28, 2021, at the age of 82.

Flags of Asia

This is a gallery of international and national flags used in Asia.

Soleil Moon Frye

Soleil Moon Frye (born August 6, 1976) is an American television actress. Her best-known roles are that of Punky Brewster in the same-named sitcom which lasted from 1984 to 1988 and Roxie in the television sitcom "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch" (starting in 1996 and ending in 2003). Frye was also in other things on television.

She began acting on television at the age of six.

Chung Il-kwon

Chung Il-kwon (; hanja: , November 21, 1917 – January 17, 1994) was a South Korean politician and military general. He was one of the South Korean army commanders during the Korean War.

He was Foreign Minister from 1963 to 1964, and again from 1966 to 1967, and the Ambassador to the United States from 1960 to 1961 and 1962 to 1963. From 1964 to 1970 he served as the 9th Prime Minister of South Korea. His nickname was Chungsa (, ).




Flags of Oceania

This is a gallery of national flags of Oceania.

Dorothy Parker

Dorothy Parker (August 22, 1893 – June 7, 1967) was an American poet, short story writer, critic and satirist. She was best known for her epigrams, wit, wisecracks, and her eye for 20th century fads and conceits.

From an unhappy childhood, Parker rose to fame, both for her writing in "The New Yorker" and as a founding member of the Algonquin Round Table. After the breakup of the circle, Parker went to Hollywood to do screenwriting. She got two Academy Award nominations for this, but her involvement in left-wing politics put her on the Hollywood blacklist in the 1950s.

She disliked her reputation as a "wisecracker". Nevertheless, her writing and reputation for her sharp wit have endured.







Yun Il-sun

Yun Il-sun (; , October 5, 1896 – June 22, 1987) was a South Korean pathologist, anatomist and politician. He was Vice Chairman (1954–1956) and 6th Chairman (1956–1960) of the University of Seoul. He was the nephew of Korean resistance leader Yun Chi-ho and elder cousin of Yun Po-sun, the 4th President of South Korea. His pen name was Dongho.



Jonathan Taylor Thomas

Jonathan Taylor Thomas (born Jonathan Taylor Weiss; September 8, 1981 in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania) is a television, film and voice actor. His most notable acting projects are the ABC sitcom "Home Improvement" and as the voice of young Simba in "The Lion King".

Lee Meriwether

Lee Ann Meriwether (born May 27, 1935, Los Angeles) is an actress and former Miss America and has acted in many television series. Before acting, she was crowned Miss America 1955. She is best known for playing Catwoman in the 1966 movie version of "Batman", Betty Jones in the 1970s crime drama "Barnaby Jones" and Ruth Martin on the ABC soap opera "All My Children".

Punky Brewster

Punky Brewster was an American television sitcom. It began in September 1984 and officially ended May 27, 1988. It aired on NBC from 1984 to 1986, and in syndication from 1986 to the end of its run. The show was about a teenaged girl named Penelope "Punky" Brewster (played by Soleil Moon Frye) who was under care of foster parents one of them is Henry Warnimont (played by George Gaynes).

Do the Right Thing

Do the Right Thing is a 1989 American comedy-drama movie that is notable for the movie debuts for Rosie Perez and Martin Lawrence. Spike Lee directed, wrote and played as Mookie in this movie, which is set in Brooklyn, New York City. The subjects in "Do the Right Thing" involve racial troubles and hot weather around New York City. Other actors in the movie were Samuel L. Jackson. This movie received positive reviews by critics.

Melanie Brown

Melanie Brown (born 29 May 1975), also known as Mel B, is a British singer, songwriter and television personality. She is best known as a member of the Spice Girls. 

The Spice Girls started in 1994. She became known for her big frizzy hair during the groups early years and her nickname was "Scary Spice". The band released three albums. They broke up in 2000. In 2007 the Spice Girls did a tour called The Return of the Spice Girls. 

Mel B has also released two solo albums. "Hot" was released in 2000. "I Want You Back" was released as a single from the album. Missy Elliott rapped in it. It reached number one in the UK. Brown's second album "L.A. State of Mind" was released in 2005. In 1997 Brown acted in "Spice World". She won the Razzie Award for Worst Actress. 

Mel B has also been a celebrity judge on the shows "America's Got Talent". "Australia's Got Talent". "The X Factor UK", its Australian version and "Masked Singer" "Australia."

She was born in Harehills, Leeds, West Yorkshire to an English mother and Nevisian father. She grew up working class in Burley, Leeds. She has three daughters.

Daichi Suzuki

Suzuki competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He won a gold medal in men's 100m backstroke at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

He became a board member of Japan Swimming Federation and the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).



Football at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's football tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics was held in London and 5 other cities in the United Kingdom. This was the first FIFA women's competition in the United Kingdom.

Twelve teams qualified:


In Group F play before the official opening ceremonies, the Japanese team won the first match against Canada at Coventry on July 25 The Japan-South Africa game was a draw with no goals for each team. The Japan-Sweden game was also a draw with no score.

In Group G play, the American women won each of three matches.

The tournament had a single-elimination format. When a team lost a match, the competition was ended for them. In other words, when a team won, the women continued to play until only one team remained as the Olympic champion. 

In the first match at St James Park in Newcastle between New Zealand and the United States, the 2-0 victory of the US women ended New Zealand's participation in the 2012 games. In the semi-final match at Old Trafford in Manchester, the US women won a 4-3 victory over Canada in the last minute of extra time in overtime.

In the opening match at Cardiff between Brazil and Japan, the Brazilians were forced out of the tournament after losing to Japan 2-0.
In the match at Wembley Stadium in London between France and Japan, the Japanese team won 2-1.

The United States women's national soccer team and the Japan women's national football team met in the gold medal match. This was a rematch of teams which played for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup. The match was played at the Wembley Stadium in London on August 9, 2012. The American team won the match 2-1.



Yusuke Tanaka

Tanaka was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.



Koji Yamamuro

Yamamuro was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.



Sarah, Duchess of York

Sarah, Duchess of York (Sarah Margaret; formerly Ferguson; born 15 October 1959) is a British charity patron, spokesperson, writer, film producer, television personality and member of the British Royal Family. She was the wife of Prince Andrew, Duke of York. She was married to him from 1986 until they divorced in 1996. She is often called "Fergie", a usual nickname for people named Ferguson.

She has two children from her marriage, Beatrice and Eugenie. They are currently eighth and ninth in the line of succession to the thrones of 16 independent Commonwealth realms.

Sarah Margaret Ferguson was born at London Welbeck Hospital in London. She was the second daughter of Ronald Ferguson and his first wife, Susan Barrantes. 

She went to Daneshill School, in Stratfield Turgis. She then went to Hurst Lodge School, in Ascot. After finishing a course at Queen's Secretarial College at the age of eighteen, Sarah went to work in a public relations firm in London. Later she worked for an art gallery, and then a publishing company.

She was married to Prince Andrew, Duke of York in 1986 to 1996, They have two daughters is Princess Beatrice of York and Princess Eugenie of York in their marriage.

In June 2023, it was announced that Sarah had been diagnosed with an early form of breast cancer after having a mammogram, for which she successfully underwent surgery at King Edward VII's Hospital. Her doctors stated her prognosis as "good".



Colegio de la Preciosa Sangre

Colegio de la Preciosa Sangre is a Chilean private state-subsidized primary and secondary school in the coastal town of Pichilemu. It is also known by the name Preciosa Sangre.

The school ranks first in Cardenal Caro Province, based on the scores from the "Prueba de Selección Universitaria" (PSU) test, taken each December. The school has been qualified as the "best school in Pichilemu", and "a regional icon" by Region of O'Higgins newspaper "El Rancagüino".

SummerSlam (2011)

SummerSlam (2011) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by WWE, that took place on August 14, 2011 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the 24th yearly SummerSlam event held by the WWE. There were 6 matches on the card.


Franz Josef Land

Franz Josef Land is an archipelago, north of Novaya Zemlya in the Arctic Ocean. It is part of Russia. It is administered from Archangelsk. It is made of 191 islands. Cape Fligely is the northernmost point of Eurasia. Getting to the island group is only possible during a few weeks in summer, in most summers. The northernmost point of Franz-Josef Land is only about 900 km from the North Pole - this means that the only places which are closer are Greenland, and Ellesmere Island in Canada. In the south, about 370 km of ocean separates the group from Novaya Zemlya. The group consists of about 191 islands. Roughly 80% of the islands are covered with ice all the time. The group has a volcanic origin. In 2007, there were two manned stations: Nagurskoye, a weather station, with 5 people, and observatory with 4 people. Victoria Island is 160 km west of the other islands, about half way to Svalbard.


Football at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's football tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held held in Beijing and 4 other cities in the China. The tournament had 12 teams. The group stage began two days before the opening ceremony, August 6. The United States won the tournament against Brazil, winning their 3rd olympic gold medal.

The following teams qualified:


The games had a single-elimination format. When a team lost a match, the tournament was ended for them. In other words, when a team won, the women continued to play until only one team remained as the Olympic champion. 

The US and Brazilian women won the opportunity to compete for the gold medal and the Olympic championship.



Christine Sinclair

Christine Margaret Sinclair (born June 12, 1983) is a Canadian football player who plays for the Portland Thorns and the Canada women's national soccer team. She is thought to be one of the best women football players in the world.




Ysis Sonkeng

Ysis Sonkeng (born September 20, 1989) is a Cameroonian women's football player who plays for the Cameroon women's national football team and Louves Minproff de Yaoundé. She plays as a defender and played in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was known for scoring an own goal against New Zealand women's national football team.

Choe Mi-Gyong

Choe Mi-Gyong (born January 1, 1991) is a North Korean football player that plays for the North Korea women's national football team and Rimyongsu Sports Club. She played in the 2012 Summer Olympics, and was known as being the only player to receive a red card in the women's tournament.

Bob Woodward

Bob Woodward (born March 26, 1943) is an American author and journalist who began working for "The Washington Post" around 1971. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

He is known for his reporting with Carl Bernstein on the Watergate Scandal which eventually led to President Richard Nixon's resignation in 1974.

Nordic Football Championship

The Nordic Football Championship (Danish: Nordisk Mesterskab, Norwegian: Nordisk Mesterskap, Swedish: Nordiska Mästerskapet, or NM) was an international football tournament played with the men's national football teams of the Nordic countries. In the first tournament, only Denmark, Norway and Sweden played, but Finland joined the second tournament. On the last tournament, Iceland and the Faroe Islands joined as well.

The tournament was created because Denmark, Norway and Sweden made a contract that says they should play two annual matches against each other. The first tournament was played four years later when the Danish Football Association celebrated its 35th anniversary. It was decided that the teams were to play five times against each other in a group. The Danish Football Association made the trophy, and Denmark national football team won the first tournament.

The second tournament was created by the Swedish Football Association to celebrate its 25th anniversary. This time, Finland was invited. It was also decided that each tournament would be 4 years long, with each team playing 12 times. The tournament was won by Norway, but the next 9 tournaments were won by Sweden. The fourth tournament was 11 years long because of World War II.

The tournament was popular because it was seen as a preparation for the upcoming major tournaments. In the 1970's, the tournament became less popular and the tournament ended in 1983.

A new edition of the tournament happened in 2000–01, and this time Iceland and the Faroe Islands joined. Some matches were played in Spain, but most were played at the teams home stadium. The last match of the 2000–01 tournament was never played.



Mizuho Sakaguchi

Sakaguchi was born in Sakai on October 15, 1987. In 2003, at the age of 15, she debuted in the Nadeshiko League at Speranza FC Takatsuki. After graduating from high school, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 2006. She was selected Best Eleven in 2007. However, the club was disbanded in 2008 due to financial strain. She went to the United States and joined USL W-League club FC Indiana in 2009. In 2010, she returned to Japan and joined Albirex Niigata. She was selected Best Eleven in 2011. In 2012, she moved to Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza"). She was selected MVP awards for 3 years in a row (2015-2017). However she hurt her knee in April 2018 and she lost her regular position. In 2021, she moved to Omiya Ardija Ventus with teammate Saori Ariyoshi.

In July 2006, Sakaguchi was selected to be on the Japan national team for the 2006 Asian Cup. At this competition, on July 19, she debuted and scored 2 goals against Vietnam. She played in the 2011 World Cup where Japan won the championship; Sakaguchi scored one of the penalties in the shootout against United States in the final. She also played in the 2015 World Cup where Japan came second. She was also part of the silver medal-winning 2012 Summer Olympic team. From June 2016, she was given the number 10 shirt for Japan by new manager Asako Takakura. She played at 2018 Asian Cup and won the champions. She played 124 games and scored 29 goals for Japan until 2018. She was also selected Japan for 2019 World Cup. However she could not play in the match.


White Men Can't Jump

White Men Can't Jump is a 1992 American comedy-drama sports movie in which Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson star. The earlier stars as Sidney Deane, and the latter acts as Billy Hoyle, between whom a partnership forms. In this comedy-drama, the subject is basketball around Los Angeles. Rosie Perez acts as Billy's girlfriend Gloria.

Ashfield, New South Wales

Ashfield is a suburb in Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Ashfield is about 9 kilometres south-west of the business centre of Sydney. The local government of the suburbs around Ashfield is called the Ashfield Council.

The people that live in Ashfield are from many places. 15% of people in Ashfield were born in China.

The number of people living in Ashfield is high in comparison to other suburbs of the same size. Many apartment buildings in Ashfield were built after World War II. Many houses in Ashfield were built around 1900.

The oldest building in Ashfield is a church called St John's. The building was started in 1840.

Richard D. Zanuck

Richard Darryl Zanuck (December 13, 1934 July 13, 2012) was an American movie producer. He won an Academy Award for Best Picture in 1989 for his work in "Driving Miss Daisy". He has also won the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award, and a Hollywood Film Award. Zanuck and David Brown were one of the most successful movie producers in Hollywood in the 1960s and in the 1970s.

Zanuck was born on December 13, 1934 in Los Angeles, California, to actress Virginia Fox and Darryl F. Zanuck. He was educated at Stanford University.

Zanuck was married to Lili Gentle from 1958 until they divorced in 1968. Later he married Linda Harrison from 1969 until they divorced in 1978. Lastly he married Lili Fini Zanuck from 1978 until his death in 2012. He has two children.

Zanuck died on July 13, 2012 from a heart attack in his Beverly Hills, California home. He is survived by his wife, they had no children. More than 130 people attended his funeral.


Richard Schiff

Richard Schiff (born May 27, 1955) is an American actor and television director and producer. He is an Emmy Award winning actor. 

Schiff was born on May 27, 1955 in Bethesda, Maryland to Charlotte Schiff and to Edward Schiff. He was educated at City College of New York. 

Schiff's career started in 1983. He has appeared in more than 100 movies. He played Professor Emil Hamilton in the 2013 movie "Man of Steel". Schiff is mostly known for his role Toby Ziegler on "The West Wing". He also starred in "" and in "Skinner".

Schiff has been married to Sheila Kelley since 1996. They have 2 children, Gus and Ruby. Schiff is a Democrat who endorsed John Kerry, Barack Obama, Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders during their runs for President of the United States.

His step-father is civil rights activist, lawyer and speechwriter for Martin Luther King, Jr. Clarence B. Jones.


Lee Byung-chull

Lee Byung-chull (Korean:이병철;李秉喆, February 12, 1910 – November 19, 1987) was a South Korean businessman and trader. He was a founder of Samsung Electronics, Samsung Heavy Industries and many Samsung group companies.


Clive Dunn

Clive Robert Benjamin Dunn OBE (9 January 1920 – 6 November 2012) was an English actor, comedian, singer, artist, and author. Dunn is most known for his role as Lance-Corporal Jones, the butcher (meat-cutter) in "Dad's Army".

Dunn was born and grew up in Covent Garden, London, in the United Kingdom. He went to school at Sevenoaks and at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts. As a child, he almost died from problems after his family got a doctor to remove his third nipple.

Dunn spent four years as a prisoner of war in Nazi Germany during World War II. He married Priscilla Morgan in 1959. They had two daughters, Jessica and Polly. Dunn and his family moved to Portugal where he spent his time painting until he became blind. In 1975, he was created an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE).

Dunn died on the morning of 6 November 2012, in a hospital in Algarve, Portugal, from problems after a surgery. He was 92 years old. He had worked in acting for almost 50 years.



Al B. Sure!

Albert Joseph Brown III (born June 4, 1968) is an American R&B singer, songwriter, and record producer. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and grew up in Leonia, New Jersey, and Mount Vernon, New York. During the late 1980s under the stage name Al B. Sure!, he was one of the most popular new jack swing singers and producers. His hits included "Rescue Me" and "Nite and Day".


Ralph Tresvant

Ralph Tresvant (born May 16, 1968) is an American musician and recording artist. He was once a member of New Edition. He left the group around 1989 or 1990 and started his solo music career, with R&B songs like "Sensitivity".

Jerry Bruckheimer

Jerome Leon "Jerry" Bruckheimer (born September 21, 1943) is an American movie and television producer. He has achieved great success in the genres of action, drama, and science fiction. His best known television series are "", "", "", "Without a Trace", "Cold Case", and "The Amazing Race". Some of his best known movies include "Beverly Hills Cop", "Flashdance", "Top Gun", "The Rock", "Con Air", "Armageddon", "Bad Boys", "Enemy of the State", "Black Hawk Down", "Pearl Harbor", "Pirates of the Caribbean", and the "National Treasure" franchise. He is also one of the Board of Directors at ZeniMax Media.

Many of his movies were produced by Paramount and Disney. Many of his television series were co-produced by Warner Bros. and CBS Television Studios.

As of 2010, Bruckheimer had produced over 40 feature movies. He is regarded in the industry as one of the most successful movie producers of all time. Bruckheimer has been nicknamed "Mr. Blockbuster", due to his track record of commercially successful, high-grossing movies. Overall, his movies have brought in over $13 billion to Hollywood. They have also launched the careers of numerous actors and directors.

In 2007, he was ranked #39 on Forbes Celebrity 100 List, up from #42 in 2006. With reported annual earnings of $120 million, he was the 10th highest money-earner on the 2006 Forbes Celebrity 100 List.

The editors of "Entertainment Weekly" named Bruckheimer the #1 most-powerful person in Hollywood in 2003.

His projects have been honored with 41 Academy Award nominations (six wins), eight Grammy Award nominations (five wins), 23 Golden Globe nominations (four wins), 77 Emmy Award nominations (seventeen wins), eight People's Choice nominations (four wins), and numerous MTV Awards, including one for Best Picture of the Decade.

Bruckheimer received the ShoWest Producer of the Year Award in 1998 and in 2000 the Producers Guild honored him with the David O. Selznick Award for Lifetime Achievement.

Bruckheimer has been married twice. His first wife was Bonnie Bruckheimer. He currently lives in Los Angeles with his second wife, novelist Linda Bruckheimer. He also has one stepdaughter, Alexandra. The couple also owns a farm in Bloomfield, Kentucky, about southeast of Louisville. They also own another in Ojai, south of Santa Barbara.

Bruckheimer has been named as one of the investors of a new sports arena in Las Vegas. He has been rumored to be the leading choice by the National Hockey League to own an expansion hockey team that would play in the proposed arena.






Bernard Fox

Bernard Fox (Bernard Lawson May 11, 1927 – December 14, 2016) was a Welsh retired television, stage, voice, and movie actor who has appeared in 50 movies and his career has lasted more than 49 years, until retiring in 2004. His uncle was late actor Wilfred Lawson. 

Fox was born on May 11, 1927 in Port Talbot, Glamorgan, Wales to Queenie (née Barrett) and to Gerald Lawson. His acting career began when he was just 18 months old and later his television career began in 1955 and is known for his role as Dr. Bombay in "Bewitched" and as Captain Critterton in "Hogan's Heroes". And he is also known for his movie roles mostly as Archibald Gracie IV in James Cameron's "Titanic". His final film was "".

Fox was married to Jacqueline Fox from 1961 until his death in 2016. They had 2 children. Fox died at a hospital in North Saanich, British Columbia, Canada on December 14, 2016 from heart failure, aged 89.



Fairuza Balk

Fairuza Balk (born Fairuza Alejandra Feldthouse, May 21, 1974) is an American movie actress. She was especially active in the 1990s. She acted in the movies "The Waterboy", "American History X" and many others. Balk was born in Point Reyes, California.

Sina Motalebi

Sina Motalebi (Motallebi, سينا مطلبی; born 21 April 1973 in Tehran) is an Iranian journalist, based in London. He is currently the Editor of ZigZag magazine, a website based on the content of journalists and citizen's contributions following their distance journalism training course provided by the BBC World Service Trust.


Dangerous Liaisons

Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 erotic-romantic drama movie. It is based on an 18th century French novel "Les Liaisons dangereuses". This movie was released on December 16, 1988. It stars Glenn Close, Michelle Pfeiffer, Swoosie Kurtz and John Malkovich. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards (including Best Picture). It received three (Best Art Direction, Best Costume Design being among the ones actually received).

Chung Ju-young

Chung Ju-young (Korean:정주영;鄭周永, November 25, 1915 – March 21, 2001) was a South Korean businessman and trader. He was a founder of Hyundai automobile, Hyundai construction company, Hyundai heavy industry and many Hyundai group companies.

Shin Kyuk-ho

Shin Kyuk-ho (4 October 192119 January 2020), known in Japan as Takeo Shigemitsu, was a South Korean businessman known for being the founder of the Korean conglomerate Lotte Corporation.

Shin was born in Ulsan, Japanese Korea in 1922. In 1941, he stowed away on a ship to Japan, where he studied chemical engineering at Waseda University. He opened a rice cooker manufacturing plant in 1942. After the plant was destroyed during an air raid, he founded Lotte in 1948, which grew from selling chewing gum to becoming a major multinational corporation.

In 2006, Shin and his family were ranked 136th on "Forbes" magazine's list, "The World's Billionaires." In 2009, Shin was ranked 38th on the magazine's list of South Korea's richest people. Lotte itself was South Korea's fifth largest conglomerate as of 2017.

In June 2017, he retired from his role as board director of Lotte Holdings Co. after holding the position for nearly 70 years.

In December 2017, he was sentenced to four years in prison after he was convicted of embezzling 128.6 billion won (119 million USD) from Lotte. However, Shin was allowed to remain free given his poor health.

Shin had a total of four children from three marriages. His first wife, Noh Soon-hwa, died in 1951. They have one daughter, Shin Young-ja (born 1942). Shin then married a Japanese woman, Hatsuko Shigemitsu, in 1952. They have two sons, Shin Dong-joo (born 1954) and Shin Dong-bin (born 1955). Shin is also married to Seo Mi-Kyung in South Korea under the country's common-law marriage system. They have one daughter, Shin Yu-mi (born 1983).


Bank of Israel

The Bank of Israel ( ) is the central bank of Israel. It is in Kiryat HaMemshala in Jerusalem, and has a branch office in Tel Aviv. The current governor of the bank is Karnit Flug.



Rob Lowe

Rob Lowe (born March 17, 1964) is an American actor. He has acted in many television programs and movies. He was in "Parks and Recreation" between 2010 and 2015, "The West Wing" between 1999 and 2003 and in the movies "St. Elmo Fire" and "Wayne's World". He was born in Charlottesville, Virginia.

Patricia Kalember

Patricia Kalember (born December 30, 1957) is an American television and movie actress. She is best known for playing in the TV drama "Sisters". Many sources list Kalember's birth date as December 30, 1956 instead of 1957.

Bow Wow Wow

Bow Wow Wow is a British girl group. It is best known for the hit song "I Want Candy". The group was very popular between the years 1980 and 1989. They continued making records in the 1990s. Annabella Lwin was the singer. She was on the cover of the band's first album not wearing any clothes. The cover was banned.

2000–01 Nordic Football Championship

The 2000–01 Nordic Football Championship was the 14th Nordic Football Championship. Six Nordic countries were in the tournament, Denmark, the Faroe Islands, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. Some of the tournament was played in Spain.

Úrsula Murayama

Úrsula Murayama (born in Mexico in 1972) is a Mexican actress of Japanese origin who appears in telenovelas (soap operas). Her best known role was that of handmaiden Jacinta in telenovela "Esmeralda" (1997).

Her possible relative was actor Noé Murayama, who died in 1997. He appeared with Úrsula in "Esmeralda".

Other roles:

Ōtaki, Chiba

Ōtaki is at the center of the Bōsō Peninsula. Ōtaki has many hills, small mountains, and forestss. 70% of Ōtaki is covered by forest. Two rivers flow through the town: the Isumi River and the Yōrō River.


Honda Tadakatsu built Ōtaki Castle on a hill in 1590. His samurai and many citizens built houses below the castle. The castle burned in 1842. A replica (copy) of the castle was built in 1975. A small museum is inside the castle.




Beit Aghion

Beit Aghion (), also known as Beit Rosh HaMemshala (, lit. "House of the Prime Minister") is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Israel. It is at 9 Peretz Smolenskin street, on the street corner of Balfour street in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Rehavia, between the city center and Talbiya neighborhood.

Heichal Shlomo

Heichal Shlomo is the former seat of the Chief Rabbinate of Israel. It is next to the Great Synagogue on King George Street, Jerusalem. The building currently has the Jewish Heritage Museum, Renanim Synagogue, office space and an auditorium. It is across from the Leonardo Plaza Hotel Jerusalem. The building was finished in 1958.

In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI made a visit to the area. 

Safra Square

Safra Square (, "Kikar Safra") is Jerusalem's City Hall public square. It is named after Jacob and Esther Safra, the parents of Edmond J. Safra, a Jewish philanthropist who helped to renovate downtown Jerusalem.


Tony Snow

Robert Anthony Snow, better known as Tony Snow (June 1, 1955 - July 12, 2008), was an American journalist, television personality, commentator and radio host who made contributions for Fox News very regularly beginning in 1996. He was born in Berea, Kentucky and raised in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was host of "Fox News Sunday, "before working for President Bush the second, but he briefly performed switched to CNN during 2008. However, he was merely an analyst at CNN, not a journalist. He was strongly associated with George W. Bush (when he was the President). Before Fox News, Snow was often a guest for "The Rush Limbaugh Show". Snow died from colon cancer in Georgetown, Washington, D.C.

Martha Plimpton

Martha Plimpton (born November 16, 1970) is an American movie and stage actress. She has appeared in movies, including "The Goonies" (1985), "Parenthood" (1989), "Stanley & Iris" (1991) and in many Broadway stage plays. She also appeared in many television programs.

Plimpton was born in New York City.

Madeline Zima

Madeline Rose Zima (born September 16, 1985, New Haven, Connecticut) is an American television series actress. Her best-known roles were in "The Nanny", "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle" and "Californication".

Heather Tom

Heather Marie Tom (born November 4, 1975 in Illinois) is an American actress who acts primarily in soap operas. She represented Victoria Newman in the CBS soap "The Young and the Restless". She also acted in other soap operas.

In August 2011, Tom said she was engaged to her partner of 15 years, James Achor. On September 17, 2011, the pair married. On May 19, 2012, it was said that the couple was expecting their first child together. Tom later said she was due around October and was expecting a boy.




Darlene Conley

Darlene Conley (18 July 1934 – 14 January 2007) was an American actress. She worked most in television soap operas. She played Sally Spectra in the soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful" from 1988 to 2007. Conley was born in Chicago.

USS Maine (1889)

USS "Maine" was a United States Navy warship. She exploded and sank in Havana Harbor in 1898, which was the reason the United States got involved in the Spanish-American War. USS "Maine" was commissioned as ACR-1 (Armored Cruiser #1). She is sometimes called a second-class battleship. Her sister ship was the USS Texas.

David Caruso

David Stephen Caruso (born January 7, 1956) is an American movie and television actor, who is especially known by his acting in "NYPD Blue". He also performed in the 1995 movies "Kiss of Death" and "Jade". From 2002 to 2012, he starred on the TV series "" in the role of "Lieutenant Horatio Caine".

Caruso's parents were Italian-Irish. His mother Joan, was a librarian. His father, Charles Caruso, was an editor. His father left the family when he was two years old. He went to Our Lady Queen of Martyrs Catholic School in Forest Hills and afterward to Archbishop Molloy High School. He graduated in 1974.

He worked as an usher in cinemas. His role models were Humphrey Bogart, James Cagney and Edward G. Robinson.

His first film appearance was in the film "Getting Wasted" in the role of "Danny". Afterwards, he was in supporting roles like "First Blood", "An Officer and a Gentleman", "Blue City", "Thief of Hearts", "China Girl" and "Twins".

His first main role was on the TV series "NYPD Blue" as Detective "John Kelly" in 1993. He received a Golden Globe Award for this role.

Caruso was married three times and has three children. His first wife was Cheri Maugans. He was married from 1979 to 1984 with her. He married the American actress Rachel Ticotin in 1984. They got a daughter Greta, who was born on June 1, 1984. They separated in 1991. His third wife was Magaret Buckley. They were married from 1996 to 2004. He has two more children with his former ex-girlfriend Liza Marquez. His son Marquez Antonio was born on September 15, 2005 and his daughter Paloma was born on October 16, 2007.

Rene Russo

Rene Marie Russo (b. Los Angeles, California, February 17, 1954) is an American movie actress. She has starred in many different types of movies. Her most notable movies include "Lethal Weapon 3" (1992), "Ransom" (1996) and "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1999).

Japan women's national football team

, also known as , is a Japanese women's association football team. The team represents Japan in international competition. It is made up of the best female players in Japan.

"Nadeshiko" Japan is best known as the first Asian team to win the FIFA Women's World Cup.

Japan Football Association (JFA) set up an official women's organization in 1979. The "Fédération Internationale de Football Association" (FIFA) asked each member country to promote and develop the sport among women.

In 1981 the Japan women's national football team played its first international match in Hong Kong. The team lost to Taiwan 0-1.

The women’s national team qualified for the "1991 FIFA Women's World Cup" in China.

In 2004, the JFA organized a public contest to select a name for the team; and ""Nadeshiko" Japan" was chosen from among 2,000+ entries.

In the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, Japan defeated the United States team in the last game of a knockout tournament.

In the 2012 Summer Olympics, "Nadeshiko" Japan won the silver medal.




Brigitte Nielsen

Brigitte Nielsen (born July 15, 1963) is a Danish model and movie actress. She has performed in many movies. She is also a television personality who is involved with reality shows.

Nielsen has been married five times and has four sons.

Princess Beatrice

Princess Beatrice, Mrs Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi (born Beatrice Elizabeth Mary; 8 August 1988) is a member of the British royal family. She is currently 9th in the Line of Succession. 

Beatrice was born at The Portland Hospital for Women and Children in London, She is the daughter of Andrew, Duke of York and Sarah, Duchess of York. 
Beatrice studied history at Goldsmiths, University of London. She got engaged in September 2019 to Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The couple got married on 17 July 2020. They are expecting their first child in late 2021. She gave birth to a daughter, Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi, on 18 September 2021 at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in Chelsea London 

Titles

8 August 1988-17 July 2020 Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice of York

17 July 2020 Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice,Countess Mapelli-Mozzi, Noble Donna, Mrs. Eduardo Mapelli-Mozzi.

Everything She Wants

"Everything She Wants" is a 1984 song by music group Wham!. The song is about a man having trouble trying to satisfy the woman with whom he is having a relationship. The song has several versions, one lasting six and a half minutes. It has been sampled for other songs and covered by other musicians since its 1984 release.

Watchmaker analogy

The Watchmaker analogy is a teleological argument. In simple terms, it states that because there is a design, there must be a designer. The analogy is important in natural theology where it is used to show the existence of God as well as supporting the idea of intelligent design. William Paley (1743 – 1805) gave one of the best known explanations for this in his book "Natural Theology", published in 1802: "Anyone finding a pocket watch in a field will recognise that it was designed intelligently; living beings are similarly complex, and must be the work of an intelligent designer". In 1859, Charles Darwin provided another explanation for this complexity; according to Darwin, this complexity is a result of continuing adaptation. Paley was not the first to use the analogy, though. Bernard le Bovier de Fontenelle is generally credited for this, when he used it in his work "Conversations on the Plurality of Worlds", published in 1686.

There are three main points of criticism against the Watchmaker analogy: 

Barbie Girl

"Barbie Girl" is a dance-pop hit song from the Danish music group Aqua. The single was released in 1997. Its lyrics are about Barbie and Ken, the toys from Mattel. The song was very popular. It was #1 across the music charts of certain countries. It was in the Top 20 charts in the United States. "Barbie Girl" also caused controversy at various times.

Don Rickles

Donald Jay "Don" Rickles (May 8, 1926 – April 6, 2017) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor and author, best known for his role as Mr. Potato Head in "Toy Story", "Toy Story 2", and "Toy Story 3". He was also known for being an on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", and in "The Dean Martin Celebrity Roasts".

Rickles was born in Queens, New York on May 8, 1926 to Max Rickles, who immigrated to the United States in 1902, and to Etta (née Feldman), who was from New York City. Rickles' parents were of Jewish ancestry. Rickles was educated at American Academy of Dramatic Arts.

Rickles' career began in 1958 in "Run, Silent, Run Deep". Since then Rickles has appeared in movies such as "Casino", "Toy Story", "Toy Story 2", "Denice the Menace Strikes Again", "Toy Story 3", "Zookeeper", "Toy Story 3", and "Small Fry".

Rickles' only influence was Milton Berle. Rickles and Berle appeared in "The Dean Martin Celebrity Roasts". Rickles influenced Jay Leno, David Letterman, Dana Snyder, Howard Stern, Russell Peters, Dave Attell, Lisa Lampanelli, Jerry Seinfeld, Norm Macdonald, and Larry the Cable Guy.

Rickles married Barbara Sklar in 1965. They have two children; Larry Rickles (who died in 2011), and Mindy. Rickles also has 2 grandchildren who enjoy his role of Mr. Potato Head more than any other role Rickles ever had. Rickles currently lived in Los Angeles, California. He was a lifelong supporter of the Democratic Party.

Rickles died on April 6, 2017 of kidney failure in his home in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 90.





Mount Monadnock

Mount Monadnock, or Grand Monadnock, is a mountain in the New England state of New Hampshire. Authors such as Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau wrote about the mountain, so it is well-known. It is the highest mountain between the White Mountains of New Hampshire and the Massachusetts Berkshires. It is the highest point in Cheshire County, New Hampshire. Monadnock is one of the most popular mountains to climb in the world.

At , Mount Monadnock is nearly 1,000 feet (300 m) higher than any mountain within . It is 2,000 feet (600 m) above the nearby land. Mount Monadnock is in the towns of Jaffrey and Dublin, New Hampshire.

The term "monadnock" is used by American geologists to describe any single mountain formed when erosion removes softer rock and leaves harder rock behind. This is called an "inselberg" in other parts of the world.

Monadnock's bare, isolated, and rocky summit gives people wide, clear views. The mountain is clear mostly because of fires set by early settlers. The first major fire in 1800 cleared trees the lower parts of the mountain to make pasture for animals. More fires and hurricane damaged the forest more. Between 1810 and 1820, local farmers thought that wolves were living in the forest and set the mountain on fire again. The fire burned hot and powerfully for weeks. It destroyed the topsoil and removed trees and plants mountain above .

The word "monadnock" comes from the Abenaki language. It means something like "mountain that stands alone."

Mount Monadnock has many miles of clearly marked hiking trails. Two trails are most popular. The "White Dot Trail," is the shortest but steepest way to the top. It starts from the Monadnock State Park headquarters and campground on the southeast side of the mountain. The "White Arrow Trail," is the easier way to the top. There are also several other trails. The Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests prints a complete guidebook with maps, trail descriptions, history, geology, ecology, and other information about the mountain.

125,000 hikers climb Monadnock each year. The four hour round trip to the top and back on one of the shorter trails may be challenging for the average hiker. Special skills or equipment are not needed from late spring to early fall. Climbing during winter and early spring requires special equipment, clothing, and preparation. Weather on the top of the mountain is often colder and wind is often much stronger than below. Climbers should be careful climbing at any time of year, but it can be especially dangerous from late fall to early spring.

Most of the mountain is protected and new buildings or roads are not allowed. The Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests owns most of the mountain area. Its Monadnock Reservation is over . The state and the town of Jaffrey also own portions of the mountain.



Estelle Harris

Estelle Harris ("née" Nussbaum; April 22, 1928 – April 2, 2022) was an American actress. She is best known for her role as Estelle Costanza in "Seinfeld". To younger audiences, she is known for her role as Mrs. Potato Head in the "Toy Story" franchise. She is also known as Muriel on "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody". 

Harris was born on April 22, 1928, in Manhattan, New York City, to Jewish-American parents, Isaac Nussbaum and to Anna Nussbaum. Her career began in 1977 in the movie "Looking Up"; since then, she had appeared in "Out to Sea", "Toy Story 2", "Tarzan II", "Toy Story 3", and "Toy Story 4".

Harris was married to Sy Harris and they had three children together. The couple lived in West Hollywood, California. Estelle and her husband Sy escaped serious injuries when their car blew a tire and flipped twice on September 20, 2001. Sy died in 2021.

She died on April 2, 2022, at the age of 93, three weeks before her 94th birthday.

Kronstadt rebellion

The Kronstadt rebellion was a left-wing revolt which occurred in Russia from 7–17 March 1921. It was carried out by Communists who did not like the way the Bolsheviks made the Workers' Councils do what the new Russian state, the RSFSR told them to do.

Nikolai Evreinov

Nikolai Nikolayevich Evreinov (; February 13, 1879 - September 7, 1953) was a Russian theatre director, dramatist and theatre practitioner. He was associated with the art movement known as Russian Symbolism.

In 1920, Evreinov organised the mass spectacle "The Storming of the Winter Palace".

Chantal Kreviazuk

Chantal Jennifer Kreviazuk (May 18, 1973, Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and recording artist. She has had many high charting songs in Canada and some in the United States. She also writes songs for others.

Jamaican Patois

Jamaican Patois, known as Patwa, Jamaican Creole or simply Jamaican, is an English-African Creole language spoken mostly in Jamaica and among the Jamaican diaspora.

Jamaican Patois was developed in the 17th century with the arrival of West African slaves. Once they arrived in the island, they had to quickly learn and neutralize the dialectal forms of the English language. The slaves, just like in any region of the Caribbean rather speak their original tongue than learn the proper forms of the European languages of their masters.

Jamaican Creole draws an Irish phonetic sounds in some areas of Jamaica, however, the schools and education in Jamaica are based on the British English in the writing, reading and speech.

Jamaican Patois has African influences dating back to the 17th century. Its syntax, sounds, phonetics, grammar, and plenty of words show African influence in every aspect.

The Jamaican language has hundreds or thousands of words with origins of the Cantonese and the Indian languages, such as "Ganja" (Mariguana).

Lou Rawls

Louis Allen "Lou" Rawls (December 1, 1933 - January 6, 2006) was an American singer, record producer, recording artist and movie actor. He made over 60 albums. He sold over 40 million copies of them. Rawls was born in Chicago. He was associated with a huge number of rhythm and blues songs.

Roscoe Lee Browne

Roscoe Lee Browne (May 2, 1922 – April 11, 2007) was an American television, stage, voice, and movie actor, narrator, and director. He was known for his deep voice.

Browne was born in Woodbury, New Jersey. His parents were Sylvanus S. Browne and Lovie Lee Usher. He was African American. Browne was educated at Lincoln University, an historically black university. He graduated in 1946.

Browne's career began in 1964 in the movie "Black Like Me". His career has lasted 43 years. He has appeared in over 100 movies.

Browne was never married. He died on April 11, 2007, from stomach cancer in Los Angeles, California.



Mahalia Jackson

Mahalia Jackson (October 26, 1911 – January 27, 1972) was an American gospel singer and musician. She was born in New Orleans. She had many hit songs during her career. She was in Evergreen Park,IL in 1972 when she died. She lived with her Aunt Duke when her mother died in 1917. She started to sing at Mt. Moriah Baptist Church at the age of 12.

Marla Gibbs

Marla Gibbs (born June 14, 1931 in Chicago) is an American comedian and actress. She played Florence Johnston on "The Jeffersons". Then she played Mary Jenkins on the sitcom "227". She also acts in movies.

Falling in Love

Falling in Love is a 1984 American romantic drama movie set in New York City. It stars Meryl Streep, Robert De Niro and Harvey Keitel. This movie was released in autumn 1984 in the United States.

Soupy Sales

Soupy Sales (born Milton Supman January 8, 1926 October 22, 2009) was an American comedian and actor, who is best known for his role in the television series "Lunch With Soupy Sales" that lasted for a short moment. And from 1968 through 1975 Sales is known a regular rival in "What's My Line?". 

Sales was born on January 8, 1926 in Franklinton, North Carolina to Irving and Sadie Supman. Sales had two brothers; Leonard Supman (dead), and Jack Supman. Sales was educated at Marshall College.

In 1949, Sales moved to Cincinnati, Ohio from where his career began in 1949 and since then he had appeared in over 100 television shows or radio broadcastings, and went on tours around the country and the world.

Sales only had two influences; the Marx Brothers, and Harry Ritz. Sales had influenced; Howard Stern, Saturday Night Live, Pee-wee Herman, and Andy Kaufman.

Sales was married to Barbara Fox since 1950 until they divorced in 1970. Lastly he married Trudy Wilson since 1980 until his death in 2009. Sales had two children; Tony and Hunt Sales who are both rock musicians.

Sales died on October 22, 2009 in the Bronx, New York City from cancer. He was 83.



The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne

The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne, or just The Natural History of Selborne is a book written by pioneering English naturalist and ornithologist Gilbert White. It was first published in 1789. It has continued to be printed since then, with nearly 300 editions up to Thames & Hudson's "The Illustrated Natural History of Selborne" in 2007.

Louis Pierre Vieillot

Louis Pierre Vieillot (10 May 1748, Yvetot - 1831, Rouen) was a French ornithologist.

Vieillot described a large number of birds for the first time. These included birds he saw during the time he spent in the West Indies and North America. 26 genera and 32 species of North American birds were first described by him. Most of the well-known North American birds, such as the Wild Turkey, the Pintail, the Cedar Waxwing, and the Scarlet Tanager, were given their scientific names by him.

Heinrich Boie

Heinrich Boie (May 4, 1784, Meldorf, Holstein – September 4, 1827) was a German zoologist. He and his brother Friedrich Boie described 49 new species of reptiles and several new species of amphibians.

Boie studied law at Kiel and Göttingen. At university he became interested in natural history through the lectures of Johann Friedrich Blumenbach and Friedrich Tiedemann. He became Coenraad Jacob Temminck's assistant at Leiden. In 1825 he traveled to Java with Salomon Muller to collect specimens for the museum. He died there of gall fever.


Old World warbler

An "Old World warbler" is the name used to describe one of a large group of birds that used to be in the bird family Sylviidae. The family held over 400 species in over 70 genera, and was the source of much taxonomic confusion. Two families were separated later, the Cisticolidae and the Regulidae. In the past ten years they have been researched and many species are now put into other families. These families include the Acrocephalidae, Cettiidae, Phylloscopidae, and Megaluridae.

Most Old World warblers are of generally unseparate appearances. The sexes are often identical. However, some may be different, especially in the genus "Sylvia". They are of small to medium size, from 9 to 16 centimeters in length. Their bills are small and pointed. Almost all species are mostly insectivorous. However, some will also eat fruit, nectar, or small seeds.

Most of the species are monogamous and build simple, cup-shaped nests in plants. They lay between two and six eggs each time, depending on species. Both parents help in raising the young, which are able to fly at around two weeks of age.

Paik Sun-yup

Paik Sun-yup (, Hanja 白善燁, November 23, 1920 – July 10, 2020) was a South Korean soldier, politician and diplomat.

Paik was an army commander in the Korean War.

Paik died on July 10, 2020 in Seoul at the age of 99.



Lesser roadrunner

The lesser roadrunner ("Geococcyx velox") is one of the two species of roadrunner. It looks a lot like the other roadrunner species, the greater roadrunner, but is smaller and has a shorter beak. It is found in Mexico and Central America. 

It is large and slender and has long legs. The lesser roadrunner's wings and tail are covered with black, brown and white feathers, and it has a yellowish-white belly. It is 12 to 20 inches in length, and weighs around 8 to 15 ounces. The lesser roadrunner has zygodactyl feet, meaning it has two toes on the back of its feet and two toes on the front.

The lesser roadrunner is found in deserts of southwestern Mexico, and northern Central America.

Even though the lesser roadrunner can fly, it spends most of its time on the ground. Sometimes it flies to escape predators. It can run up to 20 miles per hour (32 km per hour). The lesser roadrunner makes its nest out of sticks and leaves, and sometimes snakeskin. It lays around 2-6 eggs at a time. Both parents, the mother and the father, take care of the nest and feed the hatchlings, but the males guard the nest at night time and the females guard the nest are day. Once the young hatch they stay with their parents for around 1 to 2 weeks. Then they leave by themselves and never return to the nest.

The lesser roadrunner is an omnivore, meaning it eats both meat and plants. They eat mainly seeds,fruits, reptiles like lizards and snakes, insects like grasshoppers and beetles, rodents and other small mammals, scorpions, spiders, frogs, other birds and eggs. Since it is very fast the lesser roadrunner is one of the very few animals which eat rattlesnakes.

Tarantula hawk

The Tarantula hawk is a type of spider wasp which hunts tarantulas as food for its larvae. The Tarantula hawk is any type of spider wasp which is in the genera "Pepsis" and "Hemipepsis" in the family Pompilidae (spider wasps).

Most species of Tarantula hawks are around 5 cm (2 inches) long, making it the largest type of wasp. They usually have a blue-black body and reddish-orange wings, but some have black wings. The color on their wings tells predators that they are dangerous (aposematism). They have long legs which have hooked claws that are used for grabbing their prey. The sting of a female Tarantula hawk can be as long as 7 mm long; the stinger is said to be the second most painful insect sting in the world.

When a female Tarantula hawk finds a tarantula it stings and paralyzes the tarantula. Then the wasp drags the tarantula to her burrow or takes it to a specially made nest, where it lays a single egg on the tarantula's abdomen. Once the egg hatches the larva makes a hole in the tarantula's abdomen. It then crawls into the tarantula and feeds on the insides. After a few weeks the larva pupates. After a while the wasp turns into an adult and comes out of the tarantula's abdomen. Tarantula hawks are also nectarivores, meaning they eat the nectar of flowers. Unlike the females, males do not hunt at tarantulas. Instead they feed on the nectar of flowers of milkweeds, western soapberry trees, or mesquite trees, which the females also feed on.

Tarantula hawks are found in India, southeast Asia, Africa, Australia and the Americas. In the Americas they can be found as far north as Salt Lake City, Utah in the U.S.A to as far south as Argentina in South America. 250 species are found in South America, while many other species have been found in deserts of southwestern U.S.A.

The sting of this wasp is said to be the most painful insect sting in the world, but the pain only lasts for a few minutes. Not many people have been stung by a Tarantula hawk but people who have say that it is so painful that they can not think of doing anything but scream. Not many animals eat them, but one that can is the roadrunner. Many animals avoid Tarantula hawks because of their sting, so some insects mimic their looks. Many types of wasps, bees, flies, moths and beetles mimic the looks of the Tarantula hawk.

Wheatus

Wheatus is an American alternative rock band from Northport, New York. Wheatus has six members in the band; the current band members are Brendan B. Brown, Matthew Milligan, Kevin Joaquin Garcia, Karlie Bruce, Gabrielle Aimée Sterbenz and Mark Palmer.

The band was formed in 1995 by lead singer Brendan B. Brown. The band is probably best known for their 2000 hit song, "Teenage Dirtbag" from their self-titled debut album. Their song "Punk Ass Bitch" was also used as the ending theme for Jackie Chan Adventures. They released their self-titled debut album ""Wheatus"" on August 15, 2000. They are currently signed to Montauk Mantis which the band created after leaving Sony Records. They released their third studio album ""TooSoonMonsoon"" on October 18, 2005.



So far as of 2012, Wheatus have released 5 albums:




Kitty Wells

Ellen Muriel Deason, known by professional name Kitty Wells (August 30, 1919 – July 16, 2012), was an American country singer from Nashville who went under the nickname The Queen of Country Music. She had many country singles that hit number 1 on charts. One of them is from 1952, called "It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels". Wells' death in 2012 was due to complications of a stroke.

Under Siege

Under Siege is a 1992 American military action thriller movie. It stars Tommy Lee Jones and Steven Seagal, the latter of whom stars as a Navy SEAL. "Under Siege" received very strong reception by critics: it brought Seagal right into the mainstream. It was released October 9, 1992. It's sequel is the 1995 movie "" also starring Seagal. 

List of Japan women's international footballers

The List of Japan women's international footballers is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Japan women's national football team, also known as , is a Japanese women's association football team. The team represents Japan in international competition.

"Update; December 31, 2020"



Marvin Hamlisch

Marvin Frederick Hamlisch (June 2, 1944 – August 6, 2012) was an American composer. He was born in Manhattan, New York City. He arranged the scores of lots of movies, including "The Sting" and "Sophie's Choice". He won an Academy Award, an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award, Grammy Awards, a Tony Award and a Pulitzer Prize. 

Hamlisch died from respiratory arrest complicated by hypertension in Los Angeles, California on August 6, 2012 at the age of 68.



In 1974, Hamlisch became the second person to win three Academy Awards in the same evening, following Billy Wilder in 1961.

List of cities in Colombia

This article lists cities and towns in Colombia:

Charlie Callas

Charles Callas (December 20, 1927 January 27, 2011) was an American actor and comedian. He worked with Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, Mel Brooks, Dom DeLuise, Jerry Lewis, Milton Berle, and Don Rickles.

Callas was born on December 20, 1927 in Brooklyn, New York. He served in the United States Army during World War II. After the war, Callas began his career in 1950. He appeared in over 100 television programs and 50 movies.

Callas had only two influences, Groucho Marx and Charlie Chaplin. Callas influenced Larry the Cable Guy and many other comedians.

Callas was married to Evelyn Callas until her death in 2010. Callas had two sons, Mark Callas and Larry Callas.

Callas died on January 27, 2011 from natural causes in his Las Vegas, Nevada home. He was 83 years old. Callas is survived by his 2 sons. His remains were cremated.


List of settlements in the Democratic Republic of the Congo

This is a list of cities and towns in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Colonization of Mars

The colonization of Mars by humans is an ongoing debate. Some people want to colonize the planet Mars. Satellite imagery shows that there is frozen ground water on the planet. Mars also has a thin atmosphere. Because of this, it has potential to host humans and other organic life. That makes Mars the best choice for a thriving colony off the Earth. The Moon has also been proposed as the first location for human colonization but it is not known to have much air or water. It only has 0.16% air and has 14% water. 

There are many factors humans on Mars will go through, such as the risks in landing on the planet within gravity wells.

Many organizations support the colonization of Mars.

The Earth is much like its "sister plant" Venus.


The surface gravity on Mars is 38% of that on Earth. It is unknown if this is enough for human health. Mars is much colder than Earth. Mars surface temperature is −63 °C and a low of −140 °C. The lowest temperature ever recorded on Earth was −89.2 °C, in Antarctica. There is no liquid water on the surface of Mars. Because Mars is further from the Sun, less solar energy reaches the upper atmosphere of Mars. Mars' orbit is more eccentric than Earth's.

The atmospheric pressure on Mars is ~6 mbar. This is far below the Armstrong Limit (61.8 mbar), so people cannot survive without pressure suits. Since terraforming cannot be expected within the century, humans must have their pressure suits. Mars' atmosphere has carbon dioxide. Mars has a very weak magnetosphere. This means that it does not do a good job getting rid of solar winds.

Conditions on the surface of Mars are much closer to habitability than the surface of any other known planets or moons. Other planets such as Mercury has extreme hot and cold temperatures. Venus is very hot and all other planets and moons are very cold. There are some natural places on Earth, where humans have explored, that are similar to the conditions on Mars. The highest altitude reached by a balloon that was carrying humans, was 34,668 meters (113,740 feet), a record set in May 1961. The pressure at that altitude is about the same as on the surface of Mars. Extreme cold in the Arctic and Antarctic match all but the most extreme temperatures on Mars.

It may be possible to terraform Mars to allow a wide variety of living things. In April 2012, it was reported that lichen and bacteria survived for 34 days in conditions like those on Mars. This experiment was maintained by the German Aerospace Center (DLR).

Many organizations support the colonization of Mars. They have also given different reasons and ways humans can live on Mars. One of the oldest organizations is the Mars Society. They promote a NASA program that supports human colonies on Mars. The Mars Society have set up Mars analog research stations in Canada and the United States. Other organizations include MarsDrive, who want to help fund settlements on Mars, and Mars to Stay. Mars to Stay advocates settlements on Mars. In June 2012, Mars One released a statement that they believe could help start a colony on Mars by 2023. SpaceX thinks it can launch astronauts to colonize Mars via Starship. 

Many publications have wrote ideas and concerns about a possible human colony on the planet Mars. They include:






Yuki Nagasato

Nagasato was born in Atsugi on July 15, 1987. In 2001, she was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza from the youth team. In the 2002 season, she debuted in Nadeshiko League. She became one of the division's top scorers in 2006 season. She also won the league championship 6 times (2001, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008). In 2010, Nagasato moved to Turbine Potsdam in Germany, where she won the Bundesliga's leading goal-scorer award. She also won the UEFA Champions League with that team. In 2013, she transferred to the English FA WSL club Chelsea. She joined Wolfsburg in early 2015 to play in a stronger league for the 2015 World Cup. In August 2015, Nagasato joined Frankfurt. On May 24, 2017 it was announced that she had signed with the Chicago Red Stars of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL), she appeared in only 6 games in 2017 due to injury. In 2018 she was named Player of the Week for week 10. In October 2018, Nagasato signed with Brisbane Roar on loan for the 2018–19 season. On September 10, 2020, Nagasato made history by becoming the first woman to play for Hayabusa Eleven, a men's team in the Kanagawa Prefecture League; she joined on loan until prior to the beginning of the 2021 NWSL season. On October 26, 2020, newly-formed club Racing Louisville FC announced Nagasato as one of their first signings for the 2021 season.

In April 2004, Nagasato was selected the Japan national team for Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament qualification. At this competition, on April 22, she debuted against Thailand. She was also part of Japan's 2008 Summer Olympic team and 2007 World Cup. Nagasato was part of the Japan squad that won the 2011 World Cup. She played as a substitute in the final against the United States. The game went to penalties and Nagasato had her penalty saved by Hope Solo, but Japan still emerged victorious.

Since 2016, she wore the number 10 shirt for Japan, after Homare Sawa retired at 2016 Summer Olympics qualifying. After the tournament, new Japan's manager Asako Takakura gave the number 10 to Mizuho Sakaguchi and Nagasato wore the number 9.

Nagasato married in July 2011 and changed her registered name from "Nagasato" to "Ogimi" before the 2012 Summer Olympics. Upon her divorce in 2016, she re-assumed her maiden name.


List of cities in the Republic of the Congo

This is a list of cities in the Republic of the Congo.

List of cities in Costa Rica

This is a list of cities in Costa Rica.

Saki Kumagai

Kumagai was born in Sapporo on October 17, 1990. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined for Urawa Reds in 2009. The club won Nadeshiko League championship in 2009 season. In July 2011, she moved to German Bundesliga club Frankfurt. After she played 2 season, she moved to French Division 1 Feminine club Olympique Lyonnais in June 2013. Kumagai scored the decisive penalty for Lyon in the 2016 UEFA Champions League Final, following a player-of-the-match performance.

On March 7, 2008, when Kumagai was 17 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Canada. In August, Kumagai was selected for the Japan U-20 national team at the 2008 U-20 World Cup. In 2010, she played for the U-20 team as captain during the 2010 U-20 World Cup. In 2011, she was part of Japan's World Cup-winning team, scoring the winning penalty in the final against the United States. She was also in the squad at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2015 World Cup. Japan came second at both competitions. In January 2017, she was named Japan's captain by manager Asako Takakura. In 2018, Japan won the 2018 Asian Cup. She has played more than 100 games for Japan. On November 10, 2019, Kumagai scored her first ever goal in a friendly match for Japan in a 2–0 win against South Africa.


Azusa Iwashimizu

Iwashimizu was born in Takizawa on October 14, 1986. In 2003, she was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from the youth team. She played 287 matches in Nadeshiko League until 2019. She was elected Best Eleven for 12 years in a row (2006-2017).

On February 18, 2006, when Iwashimizu was 19 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Russia. She has played in the 2007, 2011 and 2015 World Cups, winning the 2011 World Cup and winning a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In the final minute of extra time in the 2011 World Cup Final, she was sent off after receiving a red card for slide tackling Alex Morgan. Japan would go on to win the match in the penalty shootout that followed.

Iwashimizu was instrumental in Japan's victory at the 2014 Asian Cup, scoring the winning goal in both the semifinal against China and the final against Australia. She played 122 games and scored 11 goals for Japan until 2016.

Iwashimizu got married in October 2019 and she bore a child in March 2020. So, she took maternity leave in 2019 and 2020 season.


Aya Sameshima

After playing for the Japan U-20 national team at the 2006 AFC U-19 Championship in 2006, Sameshima made her the full international debut on March 10, 2008, against Russia, and played in the 2008 Asian Cup that year, scoring the first goal in an 11–0 win over Chinese Taipei. In 2010, she played in the 2010 Asian Games, winning a gold medal as Japan won the tournament. In 2011, she was part of the Japan squad for the 2011 World Cup, playing in every match for the World Cup Champion Japanese team. She was part of the Japanese team that won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She also played in the 2015 World Cup and Japan won 2nd place. In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Cup and won the championship. She played 103 games and scored 5 goals for Japan until 2019.


John Aniston

John Aniston (born Yannis Anastasakis; July 24, 1933 – November 11, 2022) was a Greek-American television and movie actor. He was the father of actress Jennifer Aniston. He is best known for his role as Victor Kiriakis in "Days of our Lives". That started in 1985. Aniston's career lasted 60 years. He appeared in over 100 television programs and movies.

Aniston was born in Chania, Crete, Greece to Stella Jones and to Antonios Anastasakis. Aniston went to Pennsylvania State University.

Aniston was married to Nancy Dow from 1965 until they divorced in 1980. Aniston has been married to Sherry Rooney since 1984. With Dow, Aniston had 1 daughter, Jennifer Aniston. With Rooney he had a son, Alexander Rooney.

Starred in:

Guest starred in:

2012 Summer Olympics medal table

The 2012 Summer Olympics medal table is a list of the medals won by athletes in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

 Changes in medal standings (see below)

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Valmont

Valmont is a 1989 drama movie starring Annette Bening. It is based on the French book "". This movie received an Academy Award nomination for the Best Costume Design.


Curiosity rover

The Curiosity rover is a robotic car-sized Mars rover. It is exploring Gale Crater, which is near the equator of Mars. The rover uses nuclear power and is part of NASA's Mars Science Laboratory (MSL). 

The MSL mission has four main scientific goals: study Martian climate and geology, search for water, and find out whether Mars could have ever supported life. "Curiosity" carries the most advanced scientific equipment ever used on the surface of Mars. 

"Curiosity" is the fourth NASA surface rover sent to Mars in 16 years. "Curiosity" is also the heaviest robotic wheeled vehicle (at 900 kg) to have ever landed on Mars (The Soviet Union's "Lunokhod 2" lunar rover (1800) used to be the largest with 840 kg). "Curiosity" was launched from Cape Canaveral on November 26, 2011 at 10:02 EST. It successfully landed on Aeolis Palus in Gale Crater on Mars on August 6, 2012, 05:21:27 UTC.

In December 2012, "Curiosity" two-year mission was extended indefinitely. On August 7, 2017, NASA celebrated the fifth anniversary of the "Curiosity" rover landing and related exploratory accomplishments on the planet Mars. The rover is still operational, and as of , "Curiosity" has been on Mars for sols ( total days) since landing on August 6, 2012. 

"Curiosity" design served as the basis for the Mars 2020 rover that was landed on Mars in 18 February 2021.

The main scientific goals of the MSL mission is to search whether Mars could ever have supported life or water and to study the climate and geology of Mars. The "Curiosity" rover has six main scientific objectives:


The rover's landing was planned for a small region of Aeolis Palus within Gale crater. Gale crater is an about 2 billion-years-old impact crater on Mars. It was filled with sediments by water and wind. Later, wind erosion removed all sediments, leaving a 5.5 km (3.4 mile) high mountain (Mount Sharp). 

The crater is 154 km (94 mi) wide. The crater was chosen because it may allow for the study of two billion years of Martian history. The landing site is also near an alluvial fan. The alluvial fan is believed to be the result of a flow of ground water.

NASA collected more than 1.2 million names from people who sent their names from 2009 to 2011. Their names are on a microchip which is located on the deck of "Curiosity".

Live videos showing the first footage from the surface of Mars was available at NASA TV. It was shown live during the night of August 5, 2012. The NASA website became unavailable because of the large number of people visiting it.

A 13-minute NASA video of the landing, on YouTube, also became unavailable for several hours. A robotic DMCA notice was sent from Scripps Local News who prevented access. Around 1,000 people gathered in New York City's Times Square, to watch NASA's live broadcast of "Curiosity"s landing.

The Curiosity rover has three scoops which can dig up the soil on Mars so it can be studied. These scoops are kept clean by using Martian sand as an abrasive cleaner. Soil samples are studied inside Curiosity using a chemistry and mineralogy instrument called CheMin. CheMin uses X-ray diffraction to discover what minerals are in the soil samples. This information is then sent back to Earth. 


Mars flyby

A Mars flyby is when a spacecraft passes near the planet Mars, but does not enter orbit or land on it. Unmanned (no humans on board) space probes have used this method to collect data on Mars and other worlds. A spacecraft that is built for a flyby is also known as a "flyby bus" or "flyby spacecraft".



Terraforming of Mars

The terraforming of Mars is an idea that humans can change the climate and surface of Mars. They would do this to make Mars a place where humans and other life forms from Earth could live. The project will rely on the idea that the environment of a planet can be changed through artificial means. There are a number of proposed methods.

Mars is the most earthlike of all the other planets in our Solar System. It is also believed that Mars once had an Earth-like environment early in its history. Mars once had a thicker atmosphere and water. However, it disappeared over the course of hundreds of millions of years.

Future population growth and the demand for resources is necessary for human colonization of objects other than Earth, such as Mars and the Moon, and nearby planets. Space colonization will help harvest the Solar System's energy and material resources.

The terraforming of Mars can also be helpful in the survival of the human race. Many catastrophic extinction events could occur on Earth, such as the meteor thought to have killed off the dinosaurs 65 million years ago. Earth's species, including humans, could live on Mars instead.


Miho Fukumoto

Fukumoto was born in Ibusuki on October 2, 1983. She joined for Okayama Yunogo Belle in 2001. She was selected Best Eleven 3 times (2006, 2012 and 2014). She played 259 matches for the club. In August 2016, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa. However she could hardly play in the match. In 2019, she moved to Chifure AS Elfen Saitama. In 2021, she moved to new club, Sanfrecce Hiroshima Regina.

In August 2002, Fukumoto was selected by the Japan U-20 national team for the 2002 U-19 World Championship. In October, she was selected by the Japan national team for the 2002 Asian Games. At this competition, on October 4, she debuted against Vietnam. She played in the World Cup 3 times (2007, 2011 and 2015) and at the Summer Olympics 2 times (2008 and 2012). Japan won the championship at the 2011 World Cup, came second in the 2015 World Cup and got a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She played 81 games for Japan until 2016.


Jessica Capshaw

Jessica Capshaw (born August 9, 1976, Missouri) is an American movie actress. She is the stepdaughter of Steven Spielberg. She appeared in the ABC TV-series "Grey's Anatomy".

List of cities in Ivory Coast

This is a list of cities in the Ivory Coast.

Magellan (spacecraft)

The Magellan spacecraft, also called the Venus Radar Mapper, was a NASA spaceprobe designed to explore the Venus planet. It was launched on May 4, 1989, and reached Venus on August 10, 1990. It was in orbit around Venus for four years making detailed maps of the surface using radar and measuring the planet's gravity. Because of the thick atmosphere around the planet, the information from Magellan provided scientists with their first views of the surface of Venus. On October 12, 1994, the Magellan spacecraft was crashed into the planet on purpose.

The Magellan was the first spacecraft to be launched from a Space Shuttle, the Atlantis. It was also the first spacecraft to be deliberately crashed. Magellan was made from parts left over from other space exploration programs, including the Voyager program. 

The Magellan was named after the Portuguese explorer, Ferdinand Magellan (1480-1521). 

List of cities in Croatia

This is a list of cities and towns in Croatia. In Croatia these are called a "grad".

List of cities in Cuba

The nation of Cuba has several cities. 

These are the largest cities in Cuba. Beside each city in the list below is the number of people who live in the city. All numbers are from 2003.


These are other important cities.


List of cities in the Czech Republic

This is a list of cities in the Czech Republic.

List of cities in Denmark

This is a list of cities in Denmark. 

List of cities in the Dominican Republic

This is a list of Cities in the Dominican Republic. Only cities with more than 10,000 people are listed.

List of settlements in East Timor

This is a list of cities, towns, and villages in East Timor.


List of cities in Ecuador

This is a list of cities in Ecuador.

List of cities in Egypt

This is a list of the most important and largest cities and towns in Egypt.

42 Giza


Charlene Tilton

Charlene Tilton (b. December 1, 1958 in San Diego) is an American actress. She acts mostly on television. She has also acted in a few movies. She is best known for playing Lucy Ewing on the CBS television series "Dallas".

Robert H. Goddard

Robert Hutchings Goddard (1882-1945) was an American scientist who designed, built and fired rockets. In 1918 he invented the bazooka for the United States Army. 

On March 16, 1926, he launched the world's first liquid fueled rocket. It reached a height of at a speed of . When he suggested that a rocket could travel fast enough to leave the Earth and reach the Moon, the newspapers made fun of him. Many of his ideas, such as multi stage rockets, and the concept of escape velocity are now part of modern rocket science. He has been called "the father of space flight."

Alexis Bledel

Kimberly Alexis Bledel (September 16, 1981), is an American television and movie actress. Her most notable acting is the television series "Gilmore Girls". She has also been in the movies "Sin City" and "Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants". Bledel is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election. 

Near-threatened species

A near-threatened species is a conservation status given to species or lower taxa that may be endangered in the near future. However, it does not mean that the species is threatened.

The Near Threatened taxa usually includes the Vulnerable species.

Here is a list of nearly threatened mammals. They are:


Here is a list of nearly threatened birds. They are:



Sternum

The sternum or breastbone, in vertebrate anatomy, is a flat bone. In amphibians and reptiles it is normally shaped like a shield, often made of cartilage. It is absent in both turtles and snakes. In birds it is larger, and has large flight muscles attached to it. Only in mammals does the sternum take on the longer form seen in humans.

Bombay High

Bombay High is an offshore oilfield, gas field and refinery. It used to send its low sulphur crude oil to Mathura Oil Refinery. But this factory was closed, so now it transports oil to other refineries. It was founded by a Russian and an Indian oil exploration team.

Tree stump

The stump or tree stump is a small remaining part of the trunk with the roots still in the ground. Stumps may show the ages of a tree through its rings. The study of these rings is known as dendrochronology. Sometimes stumps are able to grow again into new trees. Sometimes a tree is cut to a stump on purpose to grow again. This is known as "coppicing".



Space colonization

Space colonization is the idea of humans living outside of Earth permanently. At present, there are no space colonies. However, many people have put forward ideas and thought about the first space colony. Some national space programs see space colonization as a long-term goal.

Building colonies in space would require access to water, food, space, people, building materials, energy, transportation, communications, life support, simulated gravity, radiation protection and money. Launching things from Earth is expensive, so it is better if the materials come from the place of the colony.

Possible sites for space colonies include the Moon, Mars, asteroids and big, free-floating space stations. Resources, such as solar energy and water, are available from or on the Moon, Mars, near-Earth asteroids or other planetary bodies. People could use them to build the space colony and live there. 

Mars is the most Earth-like planet known, so the colonization of Mars may be first. Some celestial bodies might be terraformed. This means changing a body's atmosphere, temperature, surface topography or ecology to be similar to the biosphere of Earth, so that humans can live there.

IPhone 3GS

iPhone 3GS is a smartphone made by Apple Inc. It is the third generation iPhone, coming after iPhone 3G. It was introduced on June 8th 2009, It was released on June 19th 2009.

This iPhone is named "3GS". The "S" in "iPhone 3G"S"" means "Speed". The iPhone 3GS has better performance, allowing it to run faster and more efficiently. It also has a higher quality camera that can take photos with higher resolution, as well as take videos with better quality. It also adds the ability to use voice control, a function where users can talk into the phone to command actions on the phone. The iPhone 3GS can also support faster downloading. 

It was released in the United States, Canada, and six European countries on June 19th 2009, in Australia and Japan on June 26th, and worldwide in July and August 2009.

Nadeshiko

The Japanese word Nadeshiko may mean:

Virgo Supercluster

The Virgo Supercluster ("Virgo SC") or Local Supercluster is the large galaxy cluster that contains the Virgo Cluster and the Local Group. At least 100 galaxies and clusters are in it.

The diameter of Virgo SC is 33 megaparsecs (110 million light-years). It is one of millions of superclusters in the observable universe.

When the first large sample of nebulae was published by William and John Herschel in 1863, it was seen that there is a marked excess of nebular fields in the constellation Virgo (near the north galactic pole).

In the 1950s, it was suggested that this excess was a large-scale galaxy-like structure, a "Local Supercluster". Debate went on during the 1960s and 1970s as to whether the Local Supercluster (LS) was actually a structure or a chance alignment of galaxies.
The issue was resolved with the large redshift surveys of the late 1970s and early 1980s, which showed a flattened concentration of galaxies along the supergalactic plane.

In 1982 R. Brent Tully showed it consists of two components: a flattened disk with two-thirds of the supercluster's luminous galaxies, and a roughly spherical halo containing the remaining one-third.
The disk itself is a thin (~1 megaparsecs) ellipsoid with a long axis / short axis ratio of at least 6 to 1, and possibly as high as 9 to 1.

Data released in June 2003 from a redshift survey lets astronomers compare the LS to other superclusters. The LS represents a typical poor (that is, it lacks a high density core) supercluster of rather small size. It has one rich galaxy cluster in the center, surrounded by filaments of galaxies and poor groups.

The Local Group is on the outskirts of the LS in a small filament extending from the Fornax Cluster to the Virgo Cluster. The Virgo Supercluster's volume is about 7000 times that of the Local Group or 100 billion times that of the Milky Way.

Connie Stevens

Connie Stevens (born Concetta Rosalie Ann Ingolia; August 8, 1938) is an American recording artist, singer and actress. She acted in the television series "Hawaiian Eye". She was also in the sitcom "Wendy and Me" with George Burns.

Yamato nadeshiko

The phrase combines the words "Yamato", which is an ancient name for Japan, and "nadeshiko", which is a wild pink carnation (dianthus superbus).

The phrase "Yamato Nadeshiko" means the traditional Japanese woman, and she is contrasted with other women such as the "new" type of Japanese woman. As ideas about women have developed and changed, this term has meant different things at different times in history. For example, the term had a special nationalistic meaning during World War II.

Water on Mars

There is less water on Mars compared to Earth. Most of the water known is in the cryosphere (permafrost and polar caps). There is no liquid water. There is only a small amount of water vapor in the thin atmosphere.

The conditions on the planet's surface do not support the long-term existence of liquid water. The average atmospheric pressure and temperature are far too low, which freezes water. However, it seems Mars once had liquid water flowing on the surface. This would make large areas like Earth's oceans.

There are a number of signs of water on or under the surface, now or in the distant past. These include stream beds, polar caps, spectroscopic measurement, eroded craters. Also, there are minerals which are often formed when there is liquid water (such as goethite), grey, crystalline hematite, phyllosilicates, opal, and sulfate.

The Mars flybys such as Viking, Mars Odyssey, Mars Global Surveyor, Mars Express, and the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter had cameras. They took pictures of what seem to be ancient lakes, ancient river valleys, and widespread glaciation. An orbiting Gamma Ray Spectrometer found ice just under the surface of much of the planet. Also, radar studies found ice that were thought to be glaciers. The Phoenix lander showed ice on Mars when it was landing. Phoenix also showed ice melting, snow falling, and even saw drops of liquid water.

A recent report says Martian dark streaks on the surface were affected by water.

Many Mars flybys and probes have found evidence of water on planet Mars. Mariner 9 found water erosion and deposition, weather fronts and fogs. Viking 2 landed on Mars in its winter season and found frost. The Mars Global Surveyor, which could detect ancient water, found that Mars has been dry for a very long time. On December 6, 2006 NASA released photos of two craters called Terra Sirenum and Centauri Montes that showed liquid water at one point in 1999 and 2001. Pathfinder found that water existed before on Mars. Pathfinder confirmed that where it landed it is too cold for liquid water to be. However, water could be in its liquid state if it were mixed with various salts. Pathfinder also found evidence of clouds and maybe fog present in Mars. Mars Odyssey found much more evidence for water on Mars. The pictures taken by Odyssey confirmed that the ground is filled with ice. In July 2003, at a conference in California, it was said that the Gamma Ray Spectrometer (GRS) onboard the Mars Odyssey had found large amounts of water over large areas of Mars. Mars has enough ice just below the surface to fill Lake Michigan twice.

On August 4, 2011, NASA said they found seasonal changes. These changes were found in gullies near crater rims on the Southern hemisphere. This shows that there is salty water flowing and then evaporating. This leaves some sort of residue.

The Mars Ocean Hypothesis is a hypothesis that nearly a third of the surface of Mars was once covered by an ocean earlier in its history. The ocean, which is called Oceanus Borealis, would have filled the Vastitas Borealis basin in the northern hemisphere. The Vastitas Borealis is 4–5 km (2.5–3 miles) miles below the planetary elevation. Oceanus Borealis dried up 3.8 billion years ago. Early Mars would need a warmer climate and thicker atmosphere to let liquid water stay at the surface.


Dianthus superbus

Dianthus superbus, also known as Large Pink, is a species of "Dianthus" native to Europe and northern Asia. It is a herbaceous perennial plant. 

This flowering plant grows in Western Europe from northern Spain to Norway. The wild flower is also native across northern Asia, including China and Japan.

Tin Ujević

Augustin "Tin" Ujević (5 July 1891 – 12 November 1955) was a Croatian poet, considered one of the most important poets in Croatian language of all time.

When Ujević was young, he thought to dedicate his life to politics. After having been involved in various activities related to the nationalism of Yugoslavia between 1912 and 1916, he began a life with a bohemian style, developing a great interest in literature.

Ujević classified his works in 3 different fields: translation, assays and poetry. 

He translated many works of various authors into the Croatian language, like Walt Whitman, Marcel Proust and Joseph Conrad.


Jesolo

Jesolo is a city in the region of Veneto in Italy. Jesolo is known for its beach.

Kozue Ando

Ando was born in Utsunomiya on 9 July 1982. In 2002, when she was a University of Tsukuba student, she left university club and joined Saitama Reinas FC (later "Urawa Reds"). In 2002 season, she scored 10 goals and she was selected Young Player awards. She became top scorer and she was selected MVP awards in 2004 and 2009. She was also selected Best Eleven 6 times. From 2010, she played for German Bundesliga club Duisburg, Frankfurt and Essen. At Frankfurt, she won UEFA Champions League in 2014–15 season. In June 2017, she returned to Japan and joined Urawa Reds.

In June 1999, when Ando was 16 years old, she was selected for the Japan national team for the 1999 World Cup. At this competition, on 26 June, she debuted against Norway. She played in the World Cup four times and in the Summer Olympics three times. She was a member of the team that defeated the United States in a penalty shootout in the final to win the 2011 World Cup; Ando started the final. She was also part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics and second place at the 2015 World Cup. At the 2015 World Cup, in the first match against Switzerland, she got a penalty kick, but she fractured her left ankle at that moment. This match was her last as part of the Japan national team. She played 126 games and scored 19 goals for Japan by 2015.


Whitetip reef shark

The whitetip reef shark ("Triaenodon obesus") is a species of requiem shark, and the only member of its genus. The whitetip reef shark gets its name because of the white tips on its first dorsal fin and caudal fin. This shark has a slim body, with a short, wide head, a blunt, flattened snout, and oval-shaped eyes. The body is dark grey to brown in colour, and the underside is white. 

The whitetip reef shark is widely distributed across the entire Indo-Pacific region, and is common along coral reefs, but is also found over sandy flats, in lagoons, and near drop-offs to deeper water. This species of shark is viviparous, giving birth to 1-5 pups after a gestation period lasting up to 12 months. The whitetip reef shark is currently listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN.

The whitetip reef shark has a slim body, and has a short, wide head. The snout is flattened and blunt, and has large flaps of skin in front of the nostrils. The eyes are small and oval-shaped, and have vertical pupils. Along with the mouth which slants downwards, the visible brow ridges give this shark a permanent "disgusted" expression to its face. The first dorsal fin is located well behind the pectoral fins. The second dorsal fin is large, but smaller than the first dorsal. The pectoral fins are wide and triangular in shape. The anal fin is about as large as the second dorsal fin. There is no interdorsal ridge (ridge between the two dorsal fins), and there are no lateral keels on the caudal penduncle.

The whitetip reef shark earns its common name for the white tips on the first dorsal fin and upper caudal fins. The body is dark grey to brown, and the underside is white. Small dark spots are sometimes present over the entire body. The remaining fins may also have white tips, but not always. The whitetip reef shark is sometimes confused with the Silvertip shark due to their similar appearances. However, the silvertip shark is a much heavier species, and has a large first dorsal fin and a much smaller second dorsal fin. Also, its caudal fin is lined with white, rather than tipped, as with the whitetip reef shark. 
The whitetip reef shark is quite a small species of shark, growing to a maximum length of just under 7 feet (2.1 metres), however, individuals are rare at lengths over 5.2 feet (1.6 metres). Males mature at about 3.4 feet (1.04 metres) long, and generally reach lengths of up to 5.5 feet (1.7 metres). Females reach maturity at 3.4-3.6 feet (1.04-1.1 metres), and grow to at least 5.2 feet (1.6 metres). Whitetip reef sharks weigh a maximum weight of 18 kg. 

The whitetip reef shark is widely distributed across the entire Indo-Pacific region. In the Indian Ocean, it is found from northern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa to the Red Sea and the Indian subcontinent, including Madagascar, Mauritius, the Comoros, the Aldabra Group, the Seychelles, Sri Lanka, and the Chagos Archipelago. In the western and central Pacific, it occurs from off southern China, Taiwan, and the Ryukyu Islands, to the Philippines, Southeast Asia, and Indonesia, to northern Australia, and is also found around numerous islands in Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia, as far as Hawaii to the north, and the Pitcairn Islands to the southeast. In the eastern Pacific, it occurs from Costa Rica to Panama, and off the Galápagos Islands. 

The whitetip reef shark is found mainly at coral reefs, but it is also found over sandy flats, in lagoons, and near drop-offs to deeper water. They prefer very clear water and rarely swim far from the bottom. This species is most common at a depth of . Sometimes, they may enter water less than 1 metre deep, and there is a record of a whitetip reef shark being captured from a depth of in the Ryukyu Islands.

The whitetip reef shark is usually seen swimming in clear waters along coral reefs, and has been reported at depths to up to 1,083 feet (330 metres). This species rarely swims to the surface, and is capable of lying motionless on the bottom for long periods of time. During daylight hours, whitetip reef sharks form large groups in caves, sometimes appearing stacked up like a pile of logs. The same sharks often return repeatedly to the same cave for long periods of time, changing location only periodically. The whitetip reef shark is most active throughout the night. 

During the night, the whitetip reef shark becomes very active, and searches for prey along the bottom. When the shark finds a prey, it chases the prey into a crevice or small cave, trapping it. The slim body, blunt snout, and tough skin helps the whitetip reef shark hunt successfully in these small spaces. It feeds mainly on bony fish, including eels, squirrelfish, snappers, damselfish, parrotfish, surgeonfish, and triggerfish. It also eats octopuses, crabs, and lobsters. 

Whitetip reef sharks are viviparous, and after a gestation period which can last around 12 months, the females give birth to 1-5 pups, which range from 52-60 cm in length. During mating, 1 to 11 males follow a female, until one of them gently nips the female's gill region. If the female accepts the male, the male grasps one of the female's pectoral fins in his mouth, and mates with her. Whitetip reef sharks reach maturity at around the age of 8 years, and live up to a maximum age of 25 years. 

The whitetip reef shark is fished in the waters off Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka and Madagascar. It is also believed to be fished in other waters across its range, but there is not a lot of information about this. The meat and liver are sold for human consumption, despite the fact that the liver has been reported as toxic. Although this shark is widely distributed, its restricted habitat, depth range, small litter size, and the long time to reach maturity means that the whitetip reef shark may become increasingly threatened to overfishing. 

This shark is quite harmless to humans due to its easygoing nature and small teeth. It avoids close contact with humans, swimming off when approached by swimmers or divers. Since the whitetip reef shark is often attracted to food, divers have been able to hand feed individuals. However, sometimes an individual will become overly excited by spearfishing or when bait is present, and might bite the diver. This species is also known to bite if harassed. 

The whitetip reef shark is widespread and quite abundant, and there is no legislation against fishing this species. The whitetip reef shark project of Hawaii is currently researching this shark’s life history, movement patterns, and habitat range, in hope that this will help in the future management of the populations of this shark. The Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO) have been working for years on the International Plan of Action for the Conservation and Management of Sharks (IPOA-SHARKS). However, the vast size of the oceans where the whitetip reef shark is found, and the difficulty of law enforcement in many areas, make the task of managing the conservation of this shark extremely difficult. The whitetip reef shark is currently listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN. 

Mana Iwabuchi

Iwabuchi began her international career in 2008 when she was selected onto the Japan U-17 national team at the age of 15, and participated in the 2008 U-17 World Cup in New Zealand. The team was defeated in the quarterfinals but she was awarded the tournament's MVP (adidas Golden Ball). A French team coach hailed her as a "future star of women's football." Iwabuchi was also awarded the "Asian Young Footballer of the Year" by the Asian Football Confederation in 2008. She joined the Japan national team for the EAFF Championship, held in early 2010, and debuted in the game against China. She scored her first goal against the Chinese Taipei in the same competition. In 2011, she played at the 2011 World Cup and Japan won the championship. She played as a substitute in the final against United States. She also played 2012 Summer Olympics and 2015 World Cup. Japan won the 2nd place at both tournaments. In 2018, at 2018 Asian Cup, she played full-time in all matches and scored 2 goals. Japan won the championship and she was selected MVP awards.


Huwala (ethnic group)

Hola Arabs or Huwala (), is a blanket term denoting an ethnically Iranian Arabs originally from the Arabian Peninsula who migrated to the Southern Coast of Iran in the 16th-18th centuries. Most currently reside in the Gulf nations with origins in cities and villages in Southern coast of Iran. They are not to be confused with the Achomis who are Persians from Southern Iran but also reside in Gulf States, such as Emadi, Bastaki, Janahi. 

Bahrain is the only Gulf state that uses the term Huwala to refer to or . In other Gulf states, such as Qatar, UAE, and Kuwait, the term Huwala is used for the original , such as Al-Harami, Al-Obaildy, Al-Hammadi, Al-Malki, . 


Mel Stuart

Mel Stuart (born Stuart Solomon; September 2, 1928 – August 9, 2012) was an American director and producer who is known for directing such movies as; "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory", "Two is a Happy Number", and "". Stuart's career worked for 37 years from 1963 until he retired in 2000. Stuart was born on September 2, 1928 in New York City, New York. Stuart was never married and had no children. He was related to the TV producer David L. Wolper. Stuart died on August 9, 2012 in his Beverly Hills, California home from cancer, he was 83 years old. Stuart's first cousin was Stan Lee.

Directed:

Conrad Bain

Conrad Stafford Bain (February 4, 1923 – January 14, 2013) was a Canadian-American actor. He was best known for his role as Phillip Drummond in the sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes" and as Dr. Arthur Harmon in "Maude". Bain had a twin brother, Bonar Bain.

Bain was born on February 4, 1923 in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada to Jean Agnes Young and to Stafford Harrison Bain. Bain was educated at Banff School of Fine Arts in Calgary, Alberta and at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City. He became a United States citizen in 1946, before graduating in 1948. He served in the Canadian Army during World War II.

His career started in 1956 in an episode of "Studio One" as Evans. He later appeared in over 200 television programs. He was mostly known for playing Phillip Drummond in "Diff'rent Strokes" with Gary Coleman. Bain retired in 1996.

Bain lived in an apartment in Livermore, California. Bain was married Monica Sloan on September 8, 1945 until her death on February 26, 2009. They had three children together, Jennifer, Kent, and Mark Bain. On February 18, 2005, his brother Bonar died from cancer, aged 82.

Bain died on January 14, 2013 in his home in Livermore, California from complications following a stroke, aged 89. Co-star Todd Bridges said the Bain was like a father figure to him. Bain was soon cremated.



Akihiko Hoshide

, also known as "'Aki", is a Japanese engineer and an astronaut with the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA). He was born in 1968 in Tokyo, but grew up in New Jersey in the United States. 

He studied at the United World College of South East Asia in Singapore. In 1992, he earned a degree from Keio University in Japan. In 1997, he was awarded a Master of Science degree at the University of Houston in Texas.

Japan's National Space Development Agency (NASDA) accepted Hoshide into the astronaut training program in 1999. He first trip to the International Space Station was in May 2008. His second trip to the International Space Station was in July 2012.


Self-determination

The right of nations to self-determination (from ), or with less words, self-determination is the idea that nations have the right to choose their sovereignty (who or what rules them) and international political status without other countries telling them. Most of the world used to be ruled by empires (really big countries with more than one ethnic group, usually with one group having a lot of power over the others), and many of the countries that the empires ruled were considered colonies of the empire, but after The first World War (1914-1919), and especially the second World War (1929-1945), most of these empires collapsed (fell apart) and local populations (people living in the "colonies" native to the area) began to want independence and their country to be ruled by them, not someone very far away who they thought was mistreating them. Lots of nationalist movements arose in these countries, usually in Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, because people usually considered themselves as a separate group than the one who ruled them (for example, Arabs, not British, when the British Empire had ruled a lot of Arabia).

Some people who believe in self-determination use violence, others do not.

Football at the 1988 Summer Olympics

The Football at the 1988 Summer Olympics was held in South Korea. The tournament was on September 17 to October 1, 1988.

The following teams qualified:




National Space Development Agency

NASDA was responsible for developing satellites and space exerpiments.

NASDA was established for peaceful purposes in 1969.

In 2003, NASDA merged with the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (ISAS) and the National Aerospace Laboratory of Japan (NAL). The three groups became one Independent Administrative Institution called the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA).

Several projects at International Space Station (ISS) were started under NASDA; and the work continues as part of JAXA's on-going research programs.


Michael Ansara

Michael Ansara (April 15, 1922 – July 31, 2013) was a Syrian-American stage, movie and voice actor.

He was best known for playing of Cochise in the American television series "Broken Arrow", Kane in the 1979-81 series "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century", Commander Kang on three different "Star Trek" TV series, Deputy U.S. Marshal Sam Buckhart on the NBC series, "Law of the Plainsman", and the voice for villain character Mr. Freeze in the Emmy Award winning series "", "The New Batman Adventures", "Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero", and "Batman Beyond".

Ansara was born in a small village in Syria and moved to Lowell, Massachusetts. He was educated at the Los Angeles City College.

Ansara starred in his own ABC-TV series, "Law of the Plainsman" (1959–60), with Gina Gillespie and Robert Harland. He performed as an Apache Indian named Sam Buckhart who had been appointed as a U.S. Marshal. The series began as an episode of "The Rifleman". In 1961, he appeared as Carl in the episode "Night Visitors" of the NBC anthology series "The Barbara Stanwyck Show".

Ansara also played in the Biblical epics "The Robe" (1953) as Judas Iscariot, "The Ten Commandments" (1956) as a taskmaster (uncredited), and "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965) as Herod's commander. He also appeared as Belshazzar in Columbia's 1953 movie "Slaves of Babylon". Guest starred with Kurt Russell in an episode of the 1960's series "Lost in Space".

Ansara did voice-acting as Mr. Freeze in "" as well as the animated movie "Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero", an episode of both "New Batman Adventures" and "Batman Beyond". He also voiced Mr. Freeze in the video game "Batman Vengeance".

Ansara retired in 2001.

Ansara was nominated for an Academy of Science Fiction Award. He won a Western Heritage Award for "Rawhide". He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for both movies and television.

Ansara was married to Jean Byron from 1955 until they divorced in 1956. He was married to Barbara Eden from 1958 until 1974. They had a son, Matthew Ansara, who died in 2001. He married Beverly Kushida in 1977.

Ansara died on July 31, 2013 of Alzheimer's disease in his home in Calabasas, California, aged 91.


Stacey Dash

Stacey Lauretta Dash (born January 20, 1966) is an American television and movie actress. She usually acts in sitcoms and comedy related movies. Her most notable television program works include "The Cosby Show" and "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air". Her movies include "Clueless" (1995) and "Mo' Money" (1992). 

Some sources say Dash was born January 20, 1966 with others mentioning that she was born in either 1967 or 1968. Dash was born in The Bronx, New York City.

Brussels sprout

Brussels sprouts are a green vegetable. They are small cabbages that can be used for salads or other recipes. They have almost the same nutrition as cabbage in carbohydrates, fats, and proteins. As with other cabbages, they can be either steamed or roasted. They have a lot of fiber.

Tamera Mowry

Tamera Darvette Mowry (born July 6 1978) is an American actress who first gained fame through the sitcom "Sister, Sister". She has also been in other TV works and in multiple movies (particularly comedy movies. Her sister Tia was born exactly the same day.

Tia Mowry

Tia Mowry (born July 6, 1978) is an American actress and former singer who, similar to her sister Tamera Mowry, first became famous as a result of the sitcom "Sister, Sister" in the 1990s. She also does other television related works and movie projects.

Niall Horan

Niall James Horan (born 13 September 1993) is an Irish singer-songwriter. He was best known as a member of the boy band One Direction. In 2016, Horan signed a recording deal as a solo artist with Capitol Records. Horan has also been known for his relaxing, and upbeat style of music.


Apollo 6

Apollo 6 was a space flight launched on April 4, 1968. It was the second mission of the United States Apollo program and last unmanned test flight of its Saturn V launch vehicle. It was also the last unmanned Apollo flight. It was an A-Type mission.

It was to show that the Saturn V could carry the weight of the Apollo fast enough and far enough into space to make a flight to the Moon possible. It was also designed to show that the Apollo Command Module's heat shield could survive the high speed re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere. The project was designed to fly into space at the necessary speeds, turn around, and return in about 10 hours.

However problems in the fuel lines of several Saturn V second and third stage engines stopped it from reaching the speeds Apollo would need to reach the Moon. It was able to test the return speeds by using the Apollo spacecraft's engine. This had been done with Apollo 4, the first Saturn V test. Despite the engine failures, the flight gave NASA enough confidence in the Saturn V to use it for manned launches. Since Apollo 4 had also tested the heat shield at a full speed re-entry, a third unmanned flight was cancelled.

Apollo 6 would test the Saturn V launch vehicle's ability to send the entire Apollo craft to the Moon. It would also test the stress a launch would put on the Lunar Module. It would also measure how much vibration there would be with a Saturn V with an almost full load. The Lunar Module was a test vehicle and only weighed , about 80% of the proper Lunar Module of (). Also, the CSM was only fueled to a weight of instead of the lunar mission weight of .

It was the first mission to use High Bay 3 in the Vertical Assembly Building (VAB), Mobile Launcher 2, and Firing Room 2.

The first stage of the Saturn V, S-IC, the third stage, S-IVB, and the Instrument Unit computer, arrived by boat on March 13, 1967. The first stage was put together in the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) four days later. The S-II second stage was delivered two months later. Scientist used a dumbbell-shaped spacer so testing could proceed. This had the same height and mass as the S-II along with all the electrical connections. The S-II arrived May 24. It was put into the rocket on July 7.

Testing was slow as they were still getting the Saturn V ready for Apollo 4. While the building could hold four Saturn V rockets, there were not enough people or equipment to work on more than one at a time.

The Command and Service Module, a Block I model, as flown on three other unmanned tests, arrived September 29 and was added on December 10. It was made from two existing spacecraft, the CM-020 and SM-014. CM-020 had been damaged in an explosion. CM-014 had been taken apart as part of the investigation into the Apollo 1 fire. After two months of testing and repairs, the rocket was moved to the pad on February 6, 1968.

While Apollo 4 had a perfect flight, Apollo 6 had problems right from the start. Two minutes into the flight, the rocket experienced severe Pogo oscillations for about 30 seconds. Various parts of the rocket began to vibrate like a tuning fork. This included the fuel pipes. These vibrations caused damage to the part that joined the Command Module and Lunar Module to the Saturn V. Several pieces fell off during the launch.

After the first stage was finished, the S-II second stage began to have its own problems. Engine number two (of five) had problems 225 seconds after liftoff. It got worse at 319 seconds, and then at 412 seconds the engine shut down. Two seconds later Engine Number Three shut down as well. The onboard computer was able to make changes and the other engines burned for 58 seconds longer than normal. The S-IVB third stage also had to burn for 29 seconds longer than usual. The S-IVB also did not work properly.

The S-IC first stage crashed back to Earth in the Atlantic Ocean east of Florida (), while the S-II second stage crashed south of the Azores ().

Because of the launch problems, the rocket did not reach the planned height. After two orbits, the third stage, S-IVB would not restart. It was decided to use the Apollo Service Module engines to get the spacecraft into a higher orbit, as had been done in Apollo 4. It burned for 442 seconds (longer than it would ever fire on a lunar mission) to get to the planned height. There was not enough fuel to speed up the atmospheric reentry. The spacecraft only entered the atmosphere at a speed of instead of the planned of a lunar return. However, this had been demonstrated on Apollo 4.

Ten hours after launch, it landed from the planned touchdown point in the North Pacific Ocean north of Hawaii, and was lifted on board the USS "Okinawa".

The S-IVB's orbit slowed three weeks later, and it re-entered the atmosphere on April 25, 1968.

Although Apollo 6 did not reach the speeds in either direction, it was considered successful enough to fly astronauts on the next Saturn V. This would orbit the Moon instead of the planned Earth orbit for Apollo 8. Instead, the next flight, Apollo 7, which did not use a Saturn V, tested a manned Apollo module in Earth orbit.

The cause of the vibrations during the first stage of the flight was well known. However, it had been thought that the rocket had been 'detuned'. The solution was to add helium gas to the pipes and pumps to act as a shock absorber. This did not completely fix the vibration problem, and it caused the engines to shut down on the Apollo 13 flight.

A fuel pipe carrying liquid hydrogen had broken because of the vibration, caused the two engines in the second stage to stop working. The engines were burning just liquid oxygen which caused them to overheat. This led to the engines shutting down. The liquid oxygen supply was turned off which then meant engine three was shut down as well. The problem was fixed by replacing a flexible section of pipe with a loop of stainless steel pipe.

The join between the Saturn V and the Apollo modules had a honeycomb like cell structure. The cells expanded because of trapped water and air as the rocket got faster. The solution was to drill small holes in the surface to allow for the expansion.

Documentary movies often show a Saturn V launch, and one of the most used pieces shows the interstage between the first and second stages falling away. This is usually said to be from the Apollo 11 mission, but it was actually filmed on the flights of Apollo 4 and Apollo 6.

The high speed cameras were dropped from the rocket soon after the first stage separation. They re-entered the atmosphere and were parachuted to the ocean, where they floated. Only one of the two S-II cameras on Apollo 6 was found.

Another launch shot often said to be Apollo 11 was shot on this day. It shows the rocket lifting up, positioned relatively close up and dead center. The shot can be identified as Apollo 6 as it had a white Apollo module; all the others were silver.

There was little press coverage of the Apollo 6 mission. On the same day as the launch, Martin Luther King, Jr. was shot and killed in Memphis, Tennessee, and President Johnson had announced he would not seek re-election only four days before.

The Apollo 6 Command Module is on display at the Fernbank Science Center, in Atlanta, Georgia.


Hurricane Ernesto (2012)

Hurricane Ernesto was an Atlantic tropical cyclone. It went across Jamaica and then cut through the Mexican Yucatán Peninsula as a hurricane. The storm later made landfall in southeastern Mexico. It caused several deaths over the area. The storm was born August 1, 2012. It died August 10 over south central Mexico.

Édouard Herriot

Édouard Herriot (July 5, 1872 – March 26, 1929) was a French politician of the Third Republic.

Bonar Bain

Bonar Stewart Bain (born February 4, 1923 – February 18, 2005) was a Canadian actor. He was the identical twin brother of actor Conrad Bain, who starred in "Diff'rent Strokes" as Phillip Drummond. He once played a fictional “evil” twin to Conrad (“Hank Bain”) in an episode of "SCTV". He also portrayed Arthur's (Conrad Bain) twin brother Arnold on "Maude". 

Bain was born on February 4, 1923 in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada to Jean Agnes Young and to Stafford Harrison Bain. He was married to Vella Bain until his death in 2005. Bain died on February 18, 2005 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, from cancer, aged 82.



Charles Durning

Charles Edward Durning (February 28, 1923 - December 24, 2012) was an American actor.

Durning was born in Highland Falls, New York on February 28, 1923, the ninth of ten children. His three brothers James (Roger) (1915–2000), Clifford (1916–1994),and Gerald Durning (born 1926), and his sister Frances (born 1919) survived to adulthood, but five sisters lost their lives to scarlet fever and smallpox as children. His mother, Louise (née Leonard; 1894–1982), was a laundress at West Point, and his father, James Durning (1883 – c. 1939), was an Irish immigrant. His mother was also born in Ireland.

Durning was raised Catholic. He fought during World War II. He was married to Carole Doughty from 1959 until they divorced in 1972. He was legally separated from his second wife, Mary Ann (Amelio) Durning, in 2010. He is survived by his three children from his first marriage.

Referred to as "the King of Character Actors", Durning began his career in 1951. While working as an usher in a burlesque joint, he was hired to replace a drunken actor onstage. Subsequently, he performed in some 50 stock company productions and in various off-Broadway plays. He attracted the attention of Joseph Papp. Beginning in 1961, he appeared in 35 plays as part of the New York Shakespeare Festival. "That time in my life was my best time," Durning told Pittsburgh's Post Gazette in 2001. "I had no money at all, and he (Joseph Papp) didn't pay much. You were getting a salary for performance plus a rehearsal salary. We would do three plays in Central Park for the summer. And then you'd do three to six plays every year down on Lafayette Street -- new plays by new writers: Sam Shepard, David Mamet, David Rabe, John Ford Noonan, Jason Miller".

In slack periods between acting jobs, Durning taught ballroom dancing at the Fred Astaire Dance Studio in New York City.

A bit later, Durning moved into television and movies. He made his film debut in 1965, playing in "Harvey Middleman, Fireman". He appeared in John Frankenheimer's "I Walk the Line" (1970) starring Gregory Peck, two Brian De Palma movies, "Hi, Mom!" (1970), credited as Charles Durnham, with Robert De Niro and "Sisters" (1973). He also appeared in "Dealing: Or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues" (1972) with Barbara Hershey and John Lithgow.

In 1972, director George Roy Hill, impressed by his performance in the Tony Award and Pulitzer Prize-winning play "That Championship Season", offered Durning a role in "The Sting" (1973). In the Oscar best picture winner starring Paul Newman and Robert Redford, Durning won distinction as the crooked cop, Lt. Wm. Snyder. Durning had more than 100 movie and television credits. Some of Durning's other well-known movie performances include "Dog Day Afternoon", "The Muppet Movie", "True Confessions", "Tootsie", "To Be Or Not To Be", "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas", "Home for the Holidays" and "O Brother, Where Art Thou?". He was also known for television performances in, to name a few, "Queen of the Stardust Ballroom", "Captains and the Kings", "Studs Lonigan", "Death of a Salesman", "Evening Shade" and "Everybody Loves Raymond". Most recent television roles include the voice of Francis Griffin on "Family Guy" and Michael Gavin, the retired firefighter father of Denis Leary's character, in the FX television series "Rescue Me".

Durning's performances in Broadway productions were "Drat! The Cat!" (1965), "Pousse-Café" (1966), "The Happy Time" (1968), "Indians" (1969), "That Championship Season" (1972), "In the Boom Boom Room" (1973), "The au Pair Man" (1973), "Knock Knock" (1976), "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" (1990), "Inherit the Wind" (1996), "The Gin Game" (1997), Gore Vidal's "The Best Man" (2000). His most recent performances in New York City stage productions are "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui" (2002) by Bertolt Brecht with Al Pacino and Wendy Wasserstein's final play, "Third" (2005).

Durning won the L.A. Drama Critics Circle Award for his powerful performance in The Westwood Playhouse's 1977 production of David Rabe's "Streamers". In 1980, he won critical acclaim for his role as Norman Thayer, Jr. in Los Angeles's Ahmanson Theater's production of "On Golden Pond" opposite Julie Harris.

“There are many secrets in us, in the depths of our souls, that we don’t want anyone to know about,” he told Parade. “There’s terror and repulsion in us, the terrible spot that we don’t talk about. That place that no one knows about — horrifying things we keep secret. A lot of that is released through acting.”

Durning earned two Academy Award nominations for best supporting actor. He won a Tony Award for his performance as Big Daddy in "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof". He received two Drama Desk Awards for his performances in "That Championship Season" and "Third". He won a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for TV for "The Kennedys of Massachusetts" (1990). He had received three previous Golden Globe nominations and nine Emmy nominations.

In 1999, Durning was inducted into the Theater Hall of Fame on Broadway. He was honored with the Life Achievement Award at the 44th Annual Screen Actors Guild Award Ceremony on January 27, 2008. On July 31, 2008, he was given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame adjacent to one of his idols, James Cagney.

Durning died on the morning of December 24, 2012 at his home in New York, New York from natural causes, aged 89. On December 27, 2012, Broadway theaters dimmed their lights to honor him. He died on the same day as Jack Klugman.


Christopher Lambert

Christophe Guy Denis Lambert (born March 29, 1957) who is known professionally by his credited stage name Christopher Lambert is an American-born French actor, novelist and movie producer, who has appeared in American, as well as French and other European movies. He is best known for his work as Connor MacLeod, or simply "The Highlander", from Highlander and the Highlander (movie franchise). 

He is also known for his roles as Tarzan in "" and as the thunder god Raiden in the first movie adaptation of the video game "Mortal Kombat". He is sometimes credited internationally as "Christopher Lambert", with the notable exceptions of French-speaking countries, where he is known as "Christophe Lambert" and in anime adaptations as "Chris Lambert". 

Lambert was born in Great Neck, New York to French parents. Lambert was married to Diane Lane from 1988 until they divorced in 1994. Later he married Jaimyse Haft from 1999 until they divorced in 2000. He was married to Sophie Marceau from 2012 until they divorced in 2014. His career began in 1978 and he still continues to act.

Al Freeman Jr.

Albert Cornelius Freeman, Jr. (March 21, 1934 – August 9, 2012) was an American actor and director.

Freeman has made appearances in many movies, such as "My Sweet Charlie", "Finian's Rainbow", and "Malcolm X", and television series such as "The Cosby Show", "Law & Order", "Homicide: Life on the Street", "Hot L. Baltimore", and "The Edge of Night". He is mostly recognized for his portrayal of Police Captain Ed Hall on the ABC soap opera, "One Life to Live", a role he played from 1972 through 1987, with recurring roles in 1988 and 2000. He won a Daytime Emmy Award for Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for that role in 1979, the first actor from the show as well as the first African American actor to earn the award. He was also a director of "One Life to Live", and was one of the first African Americans to direct a soap opera.

After leaving "One Life to Live", Freeman appeared in the motion picture "Down in the Delta". His Broadway theatre credits include "Look to the Lilies", "Blues for Mister Charlie", and "Medea". His role as Elijah Muhammad in the movie based on Malcolm X "Malcolm X" earned him the 1995 NAACP Image Award for NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture|Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture. Coincidently, he had previously played Malcolm X in the 1979 miniseries, Roots: The Next Generations.

Freeman taught acting at Howard University in Washington, D.C.. Freeman, Jr. is not related to actor Morgan Freeman. He died on August 9, 2012 in Washington, D.C., he was 78 years old. A memorial service was held on September 10, 2012.


Geoffrey Hughes

Geoffrey Hughes, DL (2 February 1944 – 27 July 2012) was an English actor.

Hughes as appeared in a wide range of TV and film appearances, Hughes was best known for a series of supporting roles in popular UK television dramas. He played Vernon Scripps in the British drama series "Heartbeat" (2001–05, 2007); Twiggy in the popular television sitcom "The Royle Family" (1998–2000, 2006, 2008); Onslow in the sitcom "Keeping Up Appearances" (1990–95) and Eddie Yeats in the soap opera "Coronation Street" (1974–1983, 1987). Hughes was born on 2 February 1944 and died on 27 July 2012 from prostate cancer, he is survived by his wife Susan.

Randy Travis

Randy Travis (born May 4, 1959 in Marshville, North Carolina) is an American country music singer and actor. 1978 was the first time he had a song on Billboard's Hot Country Songs music chart. As late as 2014 he had an album on Billboard's Top Country Albums music chart.

He first went into mainstream in the mid to late 1980s, having a number of hits. He acted in several movies, including "The Rainmaker" (1997).



Yellow-lipped sea krait

The yellow-lipped sea krait ("Laticauda colubrina") is a species of sea snake found in tropical Indo-Pacific ocean waters. The yellow-lipped sea krait is also known as the ""banded sea krait"" and the ""colubrine sea krait"".

Banded sea kraits are often seen in large numbers in the company of hunting parties of giant trevally ("Caranx ignobilis") and goatfish. Their cooperative hunting technique is similar to that of the moray eel. The kraits flush out prey from narrow crevices and holes. Kraits need to drink fresh water and regularly come onto land for that purpose.

While probing crevices with their head, they cannot see approaching predators. But they can fool their potential enemies into thinking their tail is the head. Both colouration and tail movements are like the head.

Female yellow-lipped sea kraits are longer than males. Females can grow up to the length of 1.6 meters, while males grow up to the length of 1 meters. Yellow-lipped sea kraits are light or dark blueish-grey on the top and yellow underneath with black bands running down the body and tail. The upper lip and snout is yellow (hence its name) while the rest of the head is black. They are very venomous but they are not aggressive and rarely ever bite divers or swimmers.

Yellow-lipped sea kraits are one of the most venomous snakes in the world, but they are not aggressive and rarely ever bite humans. Even though they live in water, Yellow-lipped sea krait do not have gills so they have to go to the surface to breath air, but a yellow-lipped sea krait can go as deep as 100 meters underwater and stay there for up to an hour. Every 10–14 days yellow-lipped sea kraits come on land to digest their food, to shed their skin or mate and lay their eggs. They lay around 5-13 eggs at a time.

When something is bitten by a yellow-lipped sea krait, the venom affects the muscles and the nerves. The venom of a yellow-lipped sea krait is said to be 10 times more deadly than the venom of a rattlesnake. In a single bite, a yellow-lipped sea krait can give more than 12 times the venom needed to kill a human. They don't recognize humans as prey or predator so they avoid swimmers and divers and rarely bite them.

Apollo 10

Apollo 10 was a crewed F-Type mission of NASA's Apollo program to land a man on the surface of the Moon. It was the fourth crewed mission and was a full rehearsal for the actual landing by Apollo 11. It was launched on May 10, 1969. The three astronauts, Tom Stafford, John W. Young and Eugene Cernan went into orbit around the Moon. Stafford and Cernan flew the Lunar Module to just above the Moon's surface. The Apollo 10 crew reached the farthest point in their orbit around the far side of the Moon. They have been the farthest any human has traveled from the Earth's surface.


Apollo 12

Apollo 12 was the sixth crewed flight in the Apollo program. It was the second crewed spacecraft to land on the Moon. Apollo 12 was launched on November 14, 1969. Charles "Pete" Conrad and Alan Bean become the third and fourth persons to stand on the lunar surface, while Richard Gordon stayed in orbit around the Moon. The two astronauts spent over seven hours exploring the surface of the Ocean of Storms. They brought back pieces of Surveyor III which had landed on the Moon in April 1967. They set up a number of experiments which would continue to collect information after they left. The Lunar ascent stage, the part that helped it take off from the surface, was deliberately crashed back onto the Moon so that shock waves could be measured by seismic equipment left behind.

Apollo 15

Apollo 15 was the ninth crewed flight of NASA's Apollo program. It was the fourth mission to land on the surface of the Moon and the first J-Type mission. Apollo 15 was launched on July 26, 1971. Alfred Worden stayed in orbit in the Command Module, Endeavour, while the Lunar Module, Falcon, landed at Hadley Base, with David Scott and James Irwin. The astronauts used the first Lunar Roving Vehicle to travel on the Moon. This vehicle was specially designed to work in a vacuum, with a wide range of temperatures across rough ground. They travelled a distance of on the Moon. They spent three days (66 hours, 55 minutes) on the Moon. They were able to collect a lot of rock samples, including a core sample from at least deep.

Virgo Cluster

The Virgo Cluster is a cluster of galaxies. Its center is 53.8 ± 0.3 million light years (16.5 ± 0.1 million parsecs) away from Earth, in the constellation Virgo. The cluster forms the heart of the larger Virgo Supercluster, of which our Local Group is an outlying member. 

The Virgo Cluster has about 1300 (and perhaps up to 2000) member galaxies. Its mass is about 1.2 solar masses out to 8 degrees of the cluster's center or a radius of about 2.2 million parsecs.

Many of the brighter galaxies in this cluster, including the giant elliptical galaxy Messier 87 and brightest member Messier 49, were discovered in the late 1770s and early 1780s. They were included in Charles Messier's catalogue of non-cometary fuzzy objects. Described by Messier as nebulae without stars, their true nature was not recognized until the 1920s. Many of the member galaxies of the cluster are visible with a small telescope. Its brightest member is the elliptical galaxy Messier 49.

Eyelash viper

The eyelash viper ("Bothriechis schlegelii") is a venomous pit viper found in Central and South America.

Small and living in trees, the snakes has a lot of color variations. Note the superciliary scales above the eyes.

It is the most common of the green palm-pitvipers (genus "Bothriechis").

The eyelash viper is a small species of snake, and rarely ever grows longer than the length of . Females are larger than males. It gets the name "eyelash viper" because it has a small group of scales over its eyes which make it look like the snake has eyelashes. The eyelash viper comes in many colors like green, yellow, red, brown or even pink.

Like other snakes of the genus "Bothriechis", this species is arboreal, meaning it lives in trees. The eyelash viper is nocturnal. It is not known to be aggressive, but if annoyed or disturbed it doesn't hesitate to strike.
The viper is viviparous, meaning it gives live birth. It gives birth to around 10 to 12 young at a time. When they are born, young vipers are inches long.

Eyelash vipers capture their prey by ambushing. They feed on small rodents, small birds, frogs, and lizards.

The eyelash viper is also known as the 'eyelash mountain viper", the "horned palm viper", Schlegel's viper", and the "eyelash palm-pit viper". It is also known as the "bocaracá" in Costa Rica and other Central and South American countries.

The eyelash viper is found in southern Mexico, southeastward to the Atlantic lowlands, through Central America to northern South America in Colombia and Venezuela. It is also found in parts of Costa Rica, Panama, Ecuador, and Peru.

The viper likes to live in humid, tropical areas not far from water.

Apollo 16

Apollo 16 was the tenth crewed space flight in NASA's Apollo program. It was the 5th of six Apollo missions to land on the Moon. It was a J-Type mission, which meant that the astronauts would have a longer stay on the Moon. Launched on April 16, 1972, Ken Mattingly stayed in orbit around the Moon in the Apollo Command Module, "Casper". He spent 3 days, 9 hours and 28 minutes by himself, the longest solo US space flight. On the Moon, astronauts John Young and Charles Duke got to put the Lunar Roving Vehicle ("moon buggy") through a series of tests, including s-turns, hairpin turns and quick stops. John Young was the commander of the mission.

A satellite was launched on the return journey to examine the Moon's mass and gravitation, space particles near the Moon, and the interaction of magnetic fields between the Moon and Earth. The mission was stopped one day early as there were several problems with the spacecraft.

Triangulum galaxy

The Triangulum galaxy is a spiral galaxy approximately 3 million light years (ly) from Earth in the constellation Triangulum.
The Triangulum galaxy is the third-largest member of the Local Group of galaxies, which includes the Milky Way galaxy, the Andromeda galaxy and about 50 other smaller galaxies. It is one of the most distant permanent objects that can be viewed with the naked eye.

It is catalogued as Messier 33 or NGC 598, and is sometimes informally referred to as the Pinwheel galaxy, a nickname it shares with Messier 101.

In the French astronomer Gérard de Vaucouleurs' revised Hubble Sandage (VRHS) system of galaxy morphological classification, the Triangulum Galaxy is classified as type SA(s)cd. The "S" prefix says that it is a spiral galaxy. The "A" is assigned when the center of the galaxy lacks a bar-shaped structure, unlike "SB" class barred spiral galaxies. American astronomer Allan Sandage's "(s)" notation is used when the spiral arms emerge directly from the center, instead of an inner ring like an (r)-type galaxy. Finally, the "cd" suffix describes the openness of the arms. "cd" means loosely wound arms.

This galaxy has an inclination of 54° to the line of sight from the Earth, allowing the structure to be examined without significant obstruction by gas and dust. The disk of the Triangulum Galaxy appears warped out to a radius of about 8 kpc. There may be a halo surrounding the galaxy, but there is no bulge at the center. This is an isolated galaxy and there are no indications of recent interactions with other galaxies, and it lacks the small following galaxies or tidal tails associated with the Milky Way.

Triangulum is classified as unbarred, but another look at the galaxy shape shows a weak bar-like structure around the galactic nucleus. The center of this galaxy is the most luminous source of X-rays in the Local Group of galaxies. However, the center does not appear to contain a supermassive black hole, as an upper limit of 3,000 solar masses is placed on the mass of a central black hole based upon the speed of stars in the core region.

The inner part of the galaxy has two spiral arms, along with multiple spurs that connect the inner to the outer spiral features. The main arms are called IN (north) and IS (south).

Mermaids

Mermaids is a 1990 American comedy-drama movie. It set during 1963 in Massachusetts. It is based on a novel of the same name. The movie stars Cher as Rachel, Winona Ryder as her elder daughter Charlotte and Christina Ricci as her younger daughter Kate. This movie was released December 14, 1990 in the U.S. It got positive reviews from movie critics.

Elliptical galaxy

An elliptical galaxy is a galaxy having an ellipsoidal shape, and a smooth, nearly featureless brightness profile. They are one of the three main types of galaxy originally described by Edwin Hubble in 1936. The others are spiral and lenticular galaxies.

Elliptical galaxies range in shape from nearly spherical to nearly flat, (E7, one of the flattest types of elliptical galaxies is cigar-shaped) and in size from hundreds of millions to over one trillion stars. Originally, Edwin Hubble thought that elliptical galaxies may evolve into spiral galaxies, but this turned out to be false. Stars found inside elliptical galaxies are much older (and cooler; thus redder) than stars found in spiral galaxies.

Most elliptical galaxies are composed of older, low-mass stars, with a sparse interstellar medium and minimal (or no)star formation activity. They tend to be surrounded by large numbers of globular clusters. Elliptical galaxies are believed to make up approximately 10–15% of galaxies in the Virgo Supercluster, but are not the dominant type of galaxy in the universe overall. They are usually found close to the centers of galaxy clusters.

Elliptical galaxies and lenticular galaxies are also called "early-type" galaxies (ETG), due to their position in the Hubble sequence. They are less common in the early Universe, that is, in galaxies further away from us.


Ayumi Kaihori

Kaihori was born in Nagaokakyo on September 4, 1986. In 2004, she was a high school student, she joined Speranza FC Takatsuki from the youth team. She moved to INAC Leonessa (later "INAC Kobe Leonessa") in 2008. The club won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (2011-2013). She was also selected Best Eleven 2 times in 2011 and 2013. She retired end of 2015 season.

In May 2008, Kaihori was selected the Japan national team for 2008 Asian Cup. At this competition, on May 31, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. She was Japan's goalkeeper in the 2011 World Cup final, where she saved two penalties from Shannon Boxx and Tobin Heath in the shoot-out which saw Japan defeat the United States by winning 3–1. She was part of the Japanese team that won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics, playing in one game, vs South Africa, which saw Kaihori keep a clean sheet. She also played 5 matches at 2015 World Cup and Japan won 2nd position. She played 53 games for Japan until 2015.


Arata Fujiwara

At the 2009 World Championships in Athletics at Berlin, Fujiwara finished 61st in the men's marathon.

He finished second in the 2012 Tokyo Marathon.

He was a member of the Japanese team in the 2012 Summer Olympics at London.



Ricochet

Ricochet is a 1991 American action crime thriller movie. It stars Denzel Washington. John Lithgow and Ice-T. The movie is about a psychotic ex-convict named Blake who has been creating chaos and looking for revenge. This movie was released in the United States on October 4, 1991.


Galaxy cluster

Galaxy clusters are large collections of galaxies. They consist of hundreds of galaxies and galaxy groups, bound together by gravity. Galaxy clusters are much larger than galaxy groups, like our Local Group. 

Clusters of galaxies should not be confused with either star clusters, which are "inside" galaxies, or with globular clusters, which usually orbit galaxies.

Notable galaxy clusters in the relatively nearby universe include the Virgo Cluster (which includes our Local Group), Fornax Cluster, Hercules Cluster, and the Coma Cluster. 

Still larger than galaxy clusters are superclusters. A very large aggregation of galaxies known as the Great Attractor, dominated by the Norma Cluster, is massive enough to affect the local expansion of the universe (Hubble's law).

Notable galaxy clusters in the distant, high-redshift universe include SPT-CL J0546-5345, the most massive galaxy cluster ever found in the early universe.

Galaxy clusters typically have the following properties.

There are three main components of a galaxy cluster. They are:
Where ">" means "contains":

Universe > observable universe > very large-scale structures > superclusters > galaxy clusters > galaxy groups > galaxies > star clusters > stars

Norman Alden

Norman Alden (born Norman Adelberg; September 13, 1924 – July 27, 2012) was an American character actor. He performed in television programs and movies. He first appeared on television on "The 20th Century Fox Hour" in 1957. He provided the voice of Kay in "The Sword in the Stone" (1963), and had a notable role in "I Never Promised You a Rose Garden". His acting career began in 1957 and lasted nearly 50 years. He also played the role of Kranix and Arblus in the 1986 animated Transformers movie. He retired from acting in 2006.

Alden was born on September 13, 1924 in Fort Worth, Texas and died at the age of 87 on July 27, 2012 from natural causes in Los Angeles. He is survived by his two children from his first marriage, one grandson, and his partner of over 25 years, Linda Gilbert Thieben.

Dwarf galaxy

A dwarf galaxy is a small galaxy composed of up to several billion stars. This is a small number compared to our own Milky Way's 200–400 billion stars. The Large Magellanic Cloud, containing over 30 billion stars, is sometimes classified as a dwarf galaxy and sometimes as a full-fledged galaxy orbiting the Milky Way galaxy.

Most galaxies, including dwarf galaxies, form in association with dark matter or out of gas containing metals. However, NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer space probe identified new dwarf galaxies forming out of gases lacking metals. These galaxies were in the Leo Ring, a cloud of hydrogen and helium around two massive galaxies in the constellation Leo.

Dwarf galaxies can be pulled toward and ripped by neighbouring spiral galaxies till they ultimately merge.

There are many dwarf galaxies in the Local Group: these small galaxies frequently orbit around larger galaxies, such as the Milky Way, the Andromeda Galaxy and the Triangulum Galaxy. A 2007 paper has suggested that many dwarf galaxies were created by tidal forces during the early evolution of the Milky Way and Andromeda. Tidal dwarf galaxies are produced when galaxies collide and their gravitational masses interact. Streams of galactic material are pulled out away from the parent galaxies and the halos of dark matter that surround them.

The Milky Way has more than 20 known dwarf galaxies orbiting it. Recent observations suggest the largest globular cluster in the Milky Way, Omega Centauri, is actually the core of a dwarf galaxy with a black hole in its center. It was at some time absorbed by the Milky Way.

Solar flare

A solar flare or solar limb is a sudden brightening observed over the Sun's surface. It is a large energy release of up to 6 × 10 joules of energy. The energy is about a sixth of the total energy that is released from the Sun each second equal to 160,000,000,000 megatons of TNT. It can also be compared with the impact of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter. The release is then followed by a colossal coronal mass ejection also known as a CME. The first flare releases clouds of electrons, ions, and atoms through the corona of the Sun into space. These clouds usually reach planet Earth a day or two after this has happened. A solar flare is sometimes referred to another phenomena in other stars, such as stellar flare.

Solar flares affect all layers of the solar atmosphere such as the photosphere, chromosphere, and corona. Solar flares produce radiation across the electromagnetic spectrum at all wavelengths from radio waves to gamma rays. Most of the energy goes to frequencies outside its range and because of this most of the flares cannot be seen by the naked eye. Solar flares are observed (looked at) with special instruments. Solar flares occur in active regions around sunspots. Solar flares are powered by the sudden release of magnetic energy that is stored in the corona. The same energy releases may produce coronal mass ejections (CME), although the relation between CMEs and flares is still not known.

X-rays and UV radiation that is released by solar flares can affect Earth's ionosphere. Because of this, radio communications, radars and other devices may be disrupted for a short time. Richard Christopher Carrington was the first person to observe a solar flare in 1859. Carrington had spotted brightening's of small areas within a sunspot group. Stellar flares have also been observed on several of other stars. Solar flares can be "active" from several flares a day or "quiet" from several flares every week. Solar flares occurs during the 11-year cycle (the solar cycle). There are less "large flares" than smaller ones.


Messier 87

Messier 87 (also known as M87, Virgo A or NGC 4486) is a supergiant elliptical galaxy. It was discovered in 1781 by the French astronomer Charles Messier, who catalogued it as a nebulous feature. The second brightest galaxy within the northern Virgo Cluster, it is about 16.4 million parsecs (53.5 million light-years) from Earth.

Unlike a disk-shaped spiral galaxy, Messier 87 has no distinctive dust lanes. It has an almost featureless, ellipsoidal shape. Luminosity diminishes with distance from the centre. At the core of this unusually large galaxy is an unusually large supermassive black hole. This is a strong source of radiation at many wavelengths, particularly radio waves. This black hole is the first and, to date, the only one for which astronomers have been able to make a direct image. A radio image taken by the Event Horizon Telescope in 2017 was published on 10 April 2019. The image shows the shadow of the black hole, surrounded by an emission ring with a diameter of .

A jet of energetic plasma known as a blazar is thrown out by the black hole at near the speed of light. It goes outward at least . In pictures taken by the Hubble Space Telescope in 1999, the motion of Messier 87's jet was measured at four to six times the speed of light. This motion is probably an optical illusion caused by the relativistic velocity of the jet.

The stars in this galaxy form about one sixth of Messier 87's mass. They are spread out symmetrically, but the density of stars decreases with distance from the core. The galactic envelope extends out to a radius of about , where it stops—possibly cut off by an encounter with another galaxy. Between the stars is a diffuse interstellar medium of gas that has been chemically enriched by elements emitted from evolved stars.

Orbiting the galaxy is a huge number of about 12,000 globular clusters, compared to 150200 globular clusters orbiting the Milky Way.

Messier 87 is one of the most massive giant elliptical galaxies near Earth, and one of the brightest radio sources in the sky,
It is a popular target for both amateur and professional astronomy study.

Eric Braeden

Eric Braeden (born Hans-Jörg Gudegast; April 3, 1941) is a German-American movie and television actor, best known for his role as Victor Newman on the soap opera "The Young and the Restless", as Hans Dietrich in the 1960s TV series "The Rat Patrol", and as John Jacob Astor IV in the 1997 film "Titanic". Braeden won a Daytime Emmy Award in 1998 for Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for the role of Victor Newman.

Braeden was born in Bredenbek, Germany to German parents. Braeden was educated at the University of Montana. Braeden is married to Dale Russell Gudegast since 1966 and have two children together. Braeden currently lives in Los Angeles, California.

In April 2023, Braeden announced he as diagnosed with "high-grade" bladder cancer.


Jerry Stiller

Gerald Isaac "Jerry" Stiller (June 8, 1927 – February 5, 2021) was an American comedian and actor. He spent many years in the comedy team Stiller and Meara with his wife Anne Meara. Stiller and Meara are the parents of Ben Stiller (with whom he co-starred in the movies "Zoolander", "Heavyweights", "Hot Pursuit", and "The Heartbreak Kid") and Amy Stiller. He is best known for his recurring role as Frank Costanza in "Seinfeld" and his supporting role as Arthur Spooner in "The King of Queens".

Stiller was the oldest of four children, Stiller was born in Brooklyn, New York City, the son of Jewish parents, Bella (nee Citrin) and William Stiller, a bus driver. His paternal grandparents immigrated from Galicia, and his mother was born in Poland.

Stiller is married to Anne Meara since 1954 and have two children together, Ben Stiller and Amy Stiller. 

Stiller lived in New York City, New York.

On February 5, 2021, Stiller died at his home in New York City, New York of natural causes at the age of 93.


Anne Meara

Anne Meara (born September 20, 1929 – May 23, 2015) was an American actress and comedian. She and Jerry Stiller were a 1960s comedy team, appearing as Stiller and Meara, and are the parents of actor/comedian Ben Stiller and actress Amy Stiller.

Meara was born in Brooklyn, New York. She is the daughter of Irish immigrant parents, Mary (née Dempsey) and Edward Joseph Meara, a lawyer. Meara was raised in Roman Catholicism, and converted to Reform Judaism six years after marrying Stiller.

Meara died on May 23, 2015 at the age of 85 of multiple strokes.


Deniece Williams

Deniece Williams (born June 3, 1950 in Gary, Indiana) is an American Grammy Award winning musician and singer-songwriter. She has had many hit records. She is best known for the 1980s song "Let's Hear it for the Boy". The single that came out in 1984.

Amy Stiller

Amy Belle Sawyer Stiller (born August 9, 1961) is an American actress, stand-up comedian and Bikram Yoga instructor. 

She was born in New York, New York. She is the daughter of the Jewish-American comedians Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara, and the older sister of actor Ben Stiller. She graduated from the United Nations International School, in New York City, in 1979.

Bert Sugar

Bert Randolph Sugar (June 7, 1937 – March 25, 2012) was a boxing writer and sports historian.

Sugar also appeared in several movies playing himself, including "Night and the City", "The Great White Hype" and "Rocky Balboa". Interviews with Sugar feature in "Unforgivable Blackness: The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson". Sugar had been referred to as "Runyonesque" (in reference to Damon Runyon) by Bob Costas, and "one of the foremost historians alive," by the "Boston Globe". Along with Lou Albano, he helped write "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Pro Wrestling." He wrote a regular sports column for "Smoke Magazine".

A cigar-smoker most of his life, Sugar died from cardiac arrest on March 25, 2012. His family was at his bedside in Northern Westchester Medical Center in Mount Kisco, New York. He had spent his remaining years battling lung cancer.


Ken Mattingly

Thomas Kenneth "Ken" Mattingly II (March 17, 1936 – October 31, 2023) was a NASA astronaut and a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. He was one of the Apollo program astronauts, acting as support crew for Apollo 8 and Apollo 11. He also was the astronaut who helped with the development of the Apollo spacesuit and backpack. Mattingly should have been on Apollo 13, but he was removed from the crew a few days before the launch because he had been in contact with German measles. He was the Apollo Command Module pilot for Apollo 16 (April 16-27, 1972), which meant he stayed in orbit around the Moon while John Young and Charles Duke landed on the surface. During this time he performed 26 scientific experiments. He spent 3 days, 9 hours and 28 minutes by himself, the longest solo US space flight. On the return from the Moon, Mattingly completed a 1 hour, 13 minute, spacewalk.

After the Apollo missions, Mattingly become a Space Shuttle astronaut and flew two missions. The first was STS-4, from June 26 to July 4, 1982. This was the fourth and final orbital test flight for the Space Shuttle Columbia and Mattingly was the mission commander. STS-4 did 112 orbits of the Earth. His second mission was STS-51C in January 1985 in the Space Shuttle Discovery. Mattingly was again the mission commander for this short trip which launched equipment for the Department of Defense.

Mattingly was born in Chicago, Illinois. Educated in Florida, he completed a degree in aeronautical engineering at Auburn University. He joined the navy in 1958 and trained as a pilot. In 1966 he was chosen for the Apollo program. He spent 504 hours in space, and retired from NASA in 1985.

Mattingly died in Arlington, Virginia on October 31, 2023 at the age of 87.

Katarina Witt

Katarina Witt (born 3 December 1965) is a retired German figure skater. She won gold medals at the 1984 and 1988 Winter Olympics and competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics. She also won four World Championships and six European Championships. In 1995, Witt became a member of the World Figure Skating Hall of Fame.

Witt was born in East Germany and began skating at the age of five. She went to a special school for athletic children, where she met her coach, Jutta Muller. Witt won the European Championships for the first time in 1983. She won the gold medal in the 1984 Winter Olympics, and also won the World Championships later that year. At the 1988 Winter Olympics, Witt and her rival, Debi Thomas, both performed to Bizet's music from the opera "Carmen." Their competition for first place was called the "Battle of the Carmens." Witt won gold, and her artistic performance became famous. Witt competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics and finished seventh. Afterwards, she retired from competition.


 

Tony Martin

Tony Martin (born Alvin Morris, December 25, 1913 – July 27, 2012) was an American actor and singer who was married to performer Cyd Charisse for 60 years.

Martin was born as Alvin Morris in San Francisco, California, the son of Hattie (née Smith) and Edward Clarence Morris.

In movies, he was first cast in a number of bit parts, including a role as a sailor in the movie "Follow the Fleet" (1936), starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. He eventually signed with 20th Century-Fox and then Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in which he starred in a number of musicals. Between 1938 and 1942, he made a number of hit records for Decca Records. Martin was featured in the 1941 Marx Brothers film "The Big Store", in which he played a singer and performed the now infamous (at least with Marx Brothers fans) "Tenement Symphony", which was written by Hal Borne, who became his long-time musical director.

In 1937 he married Alice Faye, with whom he had starred in several films. They divorced in 1941. Martin remarried, to actress and dancer Cyd Charisse in 1948. They remained married until her death in 2008. They had one son together, Tony Martin, Jr. (August 28, 1950 – April 10, 2011), who predeceased his father. Martin adopted Charisse's son, Nicky, from her first marriage

Martin died on the evening of July 27, 2012, of natural causes. He was 98.



Zack Snyder

Zachary Edward "Zack" Snyder (born March 1, 1966) is an American actor, director, screenwriter, and producer, best known for action/science fiction movies.

After making his career debut with the 2004 remake "Dawn of the Dead", he gained wide recognition with the 2007 box office hit "300", adapted from writer-artist Frank Miller's Dark Horse Comics miniseries of 300, and later went on to direct the 2009 superhero film "Watchmen", an adaptation of the Watchmen a comic book of the same name. He is the co-founder of Cruel and Unusual Films, a production company he established in 2004, alongside his wife Deborah Snyder and producing partner Wesley Coller.

His first family film was the 2010 animated family adventure film "Legend of the Guardians: The Owls of Ga'Hoole", based on the first three books of the series by Kathryn Lasky. He directed "Sucker Punch".

In recent years, he directed "Man of Steel", "" and "Justice League". After Joss Whedon replaced him in "Justice League", fans petitioned Warner Bros. to release Snyder's version of the movie. In May 2020, his version, titled "Zack Snyder's Justice League", will be released in 2021.

Snyder was born on March 1, 1966 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. He has been married to Deborah Snyder since 2004.

In March 2017, Snyder's daughter committed suicide, forcing Snyder to drop out from the "Justice League" production.


Janine Turner

Janine Turner (born Janine Loraine Gauntt; December 6, 1962) is an American movie and television actress. She starred in the television drama "Northern Exposure" (which started in 1990 and ended in 1995) and in the movies "Steel Magnolias" and "Cliffhanger". She was born in Lincoln, Nebraska.

Emmy Award

Golden Globe Award

Screen Actors Guild Awards

Young Artist Award


Deborah Snyder

Deborah Snyder (née Johnson) is an American producer of movies and television commercials. She is married to moviemaker Zack Snyder. She has often worked with him on movies such as "Watchmen" and "300". She is the co-founder of the production company Cruel and Unusual Films.

Snyder is currently married to moviemaker Zack Snyder. They met in 1996. They married on September 25, 2004. The wedding was at St. Bartholomew's Episcopal Church in Manhattan, New York. They currently live in Pasadena, California.


Diane Lane

Diane Lane (born January 22, 1965) is an American movie actress.

Born and raised in New York City, New York. Lane made her career debut at the age of 13 in George Roy Hill's 1979 movie "A Little Romance", starring opposite Sir Laurence Olivier. Soon after, she was featured on the cover of "Time" magazine. She has since appeared in several notable movie, including the 2002 movie "Unfaithful", which earned her Academy Award, Golden Globes and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations. She appeared in Zack Snyder's movie "Man of Steel".

She played Hillary Rodham Clinton in the 2013 NBC four-hour miniseries "Hillary".

Lane has been married to actor Josh Brolin since 2004. She filed for divorce in February 2013. She was previously married to actor Christopher Lambert from 1988 to 1994.


Richard Lynch

Richard Hugh Lynch (February 12, 1940 – June 19, 2012) was an Irish-American actor best known for playing villains in movies and television. He often appeared in science fiction productions, including "Battlestar Galactica" (as Wolfe) and its sequel series "Galactica 1980" (as Commander Xaviar). He also appeared in such shows as "Starsky and Hutch", "T. J. Hooker", "The A-Team", "Charmed" and "".

Richard Lynch was born on February 12, 1940 in Brooklyn, New York City to Irish Catholic parents. His younger brother is actor Barry Lynch. Lynch served in the United States Marine Corps.Lynch was trained at The Actors Studio and at the HB Studios.

In while acting, Lynch was also a musician and played the saxophone, guitar, piano, and flute. He also enjoyed fishing, poetry, and architecture. He held Republic of Ireland citizenship through his Irish born parents and was a frequent visitor to Ireland. With Barry, the two brothers starred together in the films "Nightforce" and "Total Force". Lynch's wife Lily starred with him in the film "Breaking the Silence" (1998) and son Christopher Lynch starred with him in the science fiction film "Trancers II". 

Through the years, Lynch worked with old friend and colleague Don Calfa in the films "Necronomicon" (1993), "Toughguy" (1995), "Corpses Are Forever" (2003), and "Lewisburg" (2009).

Lynch had married twice — once to Béatrix Lynch (their son Christopher died in 2005 from pneumonia), and later to Lily Lynch. His body was found in his home in Yucca Valley, California on June 19, 2012. It is not known if Lynch died on June 18 or 19. After not having heard from Lynch for several days, friend and actress Carol Vogel went to his home to find the door open and his body in his kitchen. She then called 9-1-1 He was survived by his brother Barry and sisters Carole Taylor and Cathy Jones. News reports following his death incorrectly identified his birth year as 1936, but the LA Times obituary published by his family correctly listed the year as 1940.


Jenna von Oy

Jenna von Oÿ (born May 2, 1977) is an American country music singer-songwriter and actress. She is best known for her acting in the sitcom "Blossom". She has acted in other television series as well as in movies. Von Oÿ was born in Danbury, Connecticut.

Barry Lynch

Barry J. Lynch (born Brooklyn, New York) is an American actor. His older brother, Richard Lynch, was also an actor who appeared in "".


Allison Janney

Allison Brooks Janney (born November 19, 1959) is an Emmy Award American movie, television and voice actress. She is best known for her roles in the television drama "The West Wing" for which she received several Emmy Awards. She starred in the 1999 Oscar winning movies "American Beauty" and "Juno" as well as many other movies.

In 2017, Janney starred as LaVona Fay Golden in the black comedy "I, Tonya". She won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Screen Actors Guild Award, Satellite Award and a Golden Globe Award for her role as Golden in 2018.

Robert Culp

Robert Martin Culp (August 16, 1930 – March 24, 2010) was an American actor, scriptwriter, voice actor and director.

Culp was born in Oakland, California, and graduated from Berkeley High School, where he was a pole vaulter, taking second place at the 1947 CIF California State Meet. He attended the University of the Pacific, Washington University in St. Louis, San Francisco State University, and the University of Washington School of Drama, but never completed an academic degree. 

Culp is widely known for his work in television. Culp first earned an international reputation for his role as Kelly Robinson on "I Spy" (1965–1968), the espionage series in which he and co-star Bill Cosby played a pair of secret agents. The 1980's brought him back to TV again, starring as FBI Agent Bill Maxwell on "The Greatest American Hero". He also had a recurring role as Warren Whelan on "Everybody Loves Raymond". In all, Culp gave hundreds of performances in a career spanning more than 50 years.

Culp married five times and was the father of three sons, Joshua (1958), Jason (1961) and Joseph (1963), and two daughters, Rachel (1964) and Samantha (1982). From 1967 to 1970, he was married to Eurasian actress France Nuyen, whom he had met when she guest-starred on "I Spy". She appeared in four episodes, two of them written by Culp himself.

Culp wrote scripts for a total of seven episodes, one of which he also directed. He also wrote scripts for other television series, including "Trackdown", "The Rifleman" and "The Greatest American Hero".

Culp died on March 24, 2010, suffering a heart attack while taking a walk in Los Angeles, California. Culp's remains were buried in the Sunset View Cemetery in El Cerrito, California, located not far from his hometown of Oakland.


Lee Wallace

Lee Wallace (born Leo Melis, July 15, 1930 – December 20, 2020) was an American movie, stage, radio and television actor. Wallace only had movie roles in; "Used People" (1992), "Batman" (1989) as Gotham City's mayor William Borg, "Private Benjamin" (1980) as Mr. Waxman, and as the Mayor of New York City in "The Taking of Pelham One Two Three" (1974), "The Muppets Take Manhattan" as the Mayor of New York City. On Broadway, he appeared in "A Teaspoon Every Four Hours", "Unlikely Heroes", "The Secret Affairs of Mildred Wild", "Molly", "Zalmen or The Madness of God", "Some of My Best Friends", "Grind" and "The Cemetery Club". 

Wallace was born in Brooklyn, New York on July 15, 1930 to Celia (née Gross) and Eddie Melis. Wallace died on December 20, 2020 at his New York City home after a long-illness, aged 90.


IC 1101

IC 1101 is a supergiant lenticular galaxy at the center of the Abell 2029 galaxy cluster. It, along with its cluster is 1.07 billion light years away in the constellation of Virgo. It has a diameter of 400,000 to 550,000 light-years.

The galaxy has a diameter of about 400,000 to 550,000 light-years, as measured using the D isophote and the 2MASS survey. It is the central galaxy of a huge galaxy cluster called Abell 2029 which has a mass (mostly dark matter) of roughly 100 trillion times that of the Sun. IC 1101 is also known as A2029-BCG, as it is the brightest member of the aforementioned cluster Abell 2029 . IC 1101 is more than seven times the size of the Milky Way. If it were in place of our galaxy, it would swallow up the Milky Way and some neighboring satellite galaxies, including the Large Magellanic Cloud and the Small Magellanic Cloud. It also has the largest core of any galaxy, at a core diameter of around 13,000 light-years, bigger than the previous largest core of any galaxy which is at 10,000 light-years, in the elliptical galaxy A2261-BCG .



Vostok 2

Vostok 2 (, "Orient 2" or "East 2") was a Soviet space mission. It carried cosmonaut Gherman Titov into orbit for a full day to study the effects of a long period of weightlessness on the human body. Titov orbited the earth over 17 times. Yuri Gagarin in Vostok 1 had only done one orbit.

The flight was an almost complete success. Problems included not turning on a heater which meant the temperature dropped to , a period of space sickness, and problems on re-entry when the reentry module failed to separate cleanly from its service module.

Titov took manual control of the spacecraft for a short while. The Soviets admitted that Titov did not land with his spacecraft. Titov said he ejected from his capsule to test another landing system. It is now known that all Vostok program landings were done this way.

The re-entry capsule was destroyed during development of the Voskhod spacecraft.

As of 2012, Titov is the youngest person to reach space. He was 25 years old at launch.

Thérèse of Lisieux

Saint Thérèse of Lisieux (1873 - 1897) (aka. St Therese of the Child Jesus/ Sainte Thérèse de Lisieux) is Doctor of the Catholic church, which means that her life and writings are considered particularly important for Catholics. She is also called the Little Flower of Jesus. She lived in France as a nun, and died at 24 from tuberculosis. Mother Teresa chose her name in honor of her.

Delphinus

Delphinus is a genus of dolphin, commonly known as the "Common Dolphin". There are two species in this genus, the Short-beaked Common Dolphin ("Delphinus delphis"), and the Long-beaked Common Dolphin ("Delphinus capensis"). But some studies say that there is a third species, the "Arabian Common Dolphin" ("Delphinus tropicalis"), which has a long, thin beak and is found in the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea.

Both, the Short-beaked Common Dolphin and the Long-beaked Common Dolphin are medium-sized dolphins. Adults grow between the lengths of 1.9 to 2.5 meters (6.2 to 8.2 ft), and weigh around 80 to 235 kg (180 to 520 lb). Males are longer and heavier than females. They are dark grey on the back, the belly is white, and the sides are light grey, gold, or yellow in color. 

Common Dolphins live in both, warm temperate and tropical waters from 40°N to 50°S. They eat many species of fish like sardines, herrings, and bonitos, octopuses and squids. They are fast swimmers, swimming up to the speed of 60 km per hour. They have made dives up to 200 meters (660 ft) deep. 

Common Dolphins are pregnant for around 10 to 11 months before giving birth to young which are 70 to 100 centimeters (2.3 to 3.3 ft) long, and weigh around 10 kg (22 Ib). They give birth to 1 young at a time. Females mature between the age of 2 and 7 years old and males mature between the age of 3 and 12 years old. They live for around 35-40 years.

At first it was thought that there was only one species of the Delphinus genus, the Short-beaked Common Dolphin ("Delphinus Delphis"). But later, studies showed that there was another species, the Long-beaked Common Dolphin ("Delphinus Capensis"). The difference between the Short-beaked Common Dolphin and the Long-beaked Common Dolphin, is that the Short-beaked Common Dolphin is smaller in size and has a smaller beak than the Long-beaked Common Dolphin. Now scientist say there is a third species, the Arabian Common Dolphin ("Delphinus Tropicalis") which has a long, thin beak and lives in the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean, but it is not confirmed. 

Elizabeth Berkley

Elizabeth Berkley (born July 28, 1974, in Farmington Hills, Michigan) is an American movie and television actress. She is best known for her role in "Saved by the Bell". She also acted in the 1995 erotic drama "Showgirls", which garnered controversy due to its intense sexuality. Most of her movies are independent movies.

Berkley is Jewish.

Cartwheel galaxy

The Cartwheel galaxy (also known as "ESO 350-40") is a lenticular galaxy about 500 million light-years away in the constellation Sculptor.

It is about 150,000 light years across, slightly larger than the Milky Way. It has a mass of about solar masses, and rotates at .

It was discovered by Fritz Zwicky in 1941. Zwicky said his discovery was "one of the most complicated structures awaiting its explanation on the basis of stellar dynamics".

The Cartwheel galaxy shows radio and optical spokes, but they are not the same spokes.

The galaxy was a normal spiral galaxy before it had a collision with a smaller galaxy about 200 million years ago. When the nearby galaxy passed through the Cartwheel Galaxy, the power of the collision sent a strong shock wave through the galaxy. Moving at high speed, the shock wave moved gas and dust. This made a starburst around the galaxy's center. This explains the blue colored ring around the center, bright section. It can be seen that the galaxy is beginning to take the shape of a normal spiral galaxy again, as spiral arms (The spokes) are spreading out from a central core.

There are other possible explanations of the ring-like appearance.


Messier 49

Messier 49 (also known as "NGC 4472") is an elliptical galaxy about away in the constellation of Virgo. This galaxy was discovered by French astronomer Charles Messier in 1771. Messier 49 is 4.1° west-southwest of the star Epsilon Virginis.

Messier 49 was the first member of the Virgo Cluster of galaxies to be discovered. It is the most luminous member of that cluster and is brighter than any galaxy closer to the Earth. This galaxy is part of the smaller Virgo B subcluster 4.5° away from the dynamic center of the Virgo Cluster, which is centered on Messier 87. Messier 49 is gravitationally interacting with the dwarf irregular galaxy UGC 7636. 

Messier 49 has the radio emission of a normal galaxy. However, the core of the galaxy is emitting X-rays, which suggests the presence of a supermassive black hole of , or 565 million times the mass of the Sun. To the southwest of the core, the luminous outline of the galaxy can be traced out to a distance of 260 thousand parsecs. The only supernova event observed within this galaxy is SN 1969Q, discovered in June 1969.

This galaxy has a large collection of globular clusters, estimated at about 5,900. However, this count is far exceeded by the 13,450 globular clusters orbiting the supergiant elliptical galaxy Messier 87. On average, the globular clusters of M 49 are about 10 billion years old. Between 2000–2009, strong evidence for a stellar mass black hole was discovered in an M 49 cluster. A second candidate was announced in 2011.

National Astronomical Observatory of Japan

, also known as NAOJ, is a Japanese astronomy research organization. NAOJ has several facilities in Japan; and it has an observatory on Mauna Kea in Hawaii.

NAOJ was established in 1988. Three institutions merged. They were the 

In 2004, NAOJ became part of the National Institutes of Natural Sciences (NINS). NINS was created to promote collaboration among researchers of the five constituent institutes. NAOJ merged with four other national institutes. They were








Short-beaked common dolphin

The short-beaked common dolphin ("Delphinus delphis") is one of the two species of the genus, Delphinus. It is found in warm temperate and tropical waters of the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean. It is also found in the Caribbean and the Mediterranean Sea.

The short-beaked common dolphin is a medium-sized dolphin, but is smaller than the other species of the genus Delphinus, the long-beaked common dolphin. Adults grow between the lengths of 1.6 to 2 meters (5.2 to 6.6 ft), and weigh between 70 and 235 kg (150 to 520 Ib). Short-beaked common dolphins are said to be heavier than the Long-beaked common dolphin. The back of the short-beaked common dolphin is dark grey, the belly is white, and the sides are light grey, gold or yellow.

Short-beaked common dolphins eat fish like cod, herrings, sardines, and flying fish. They also eat octopuses, squids, cuttlefish, and crustaceans.

Female short-beaked common dolphins are pregnant for around 10 to 11 months before giving birth to young which are 70 to 100 cm (2.3 to 3.3 ft) long, and weigh about 10 kg (22 Ib). Males mature at the age of between 3 and 12 years old, and females mature at the age of between 2 and 7 years old. They live for around 35 years, but some live for only 22 years.

The short-beaked common dolphin was first thought to be the only species of the genus, Delphinus. But soon, studies show that there is another species, the long-beaked common dolphin ("Delphinus capensis"). The difference between the short-beaked common dolphin and the long-beaked common dolphin is that the short-beaked common dolphin is smaller in size and has a smaller beak than the long-beaked common dolphin.

Cheryl Tiegs

Cheryl Rae Tiegs (born September 25 1947 in Breckenridge, Minnesota) is an American fashion model and actress. She is best known for her modeling for the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue". Tiegs has been on the cover of the "SI" Swimsuit Issue three times. She has also been on the covers of many other magazines. These include "Vogue", "Glamour", "Harper's" and "Time". Tiegs performed as herself in the sitcom "Just Shoot Me".

From 1970 to 1979, she was married to movie director Stan Dragoti.

Patrika Darbo

Patrika Darbo (born April 6, 1948 in Jacksonville, Florida) is an American movie and television actress. She played Nancy Wesley in the television soap opera "Days of Our Lives". She also acted in independent movies.

Messier 84

Messier 84 (also known as "NGC 4374") is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation of Virgo. M84 is in the heavily populated inner core of the Virgo Cluster of galaxies.

Radio observations and Hubble Space Telescope images of M84 have revealed two jets of matter shooting out from the galaxy's centre, as well as a disk of rapidly rotating gas and stars. This suggests there is a supermassive black hole at the centre of the galaxy. Its mass is 1.5 M, that is gravitation amounting to 15 billion solar masses.

Charles Messier discovered Messier 84 in 1781 when he searched for "nebulous objects" in the night sky. The object is the 84th in the Messier Catalogue.

Two supernovae have been observed in M84: SN 1957
and SN 1991bg.
Possibly, a third, SN 1980I is part of M84 or, alternatively, one of its neighboring galaxies, NGC 4387 and M86.

Ricardo Montalbán

Ricardo Montalbán (Ricardo Gonzalo Pedro Montalbán y Merino, November 25, 1920 – January 14, 2009) was a Mexican radio, television, theatre and movie actor. He had a career seven decades long (motion pictures from 1943 to 2006) and many notable roles.

During the mid-1970s, Montalbán was the spokesman in TV automobile advertisements for the Chrysler Cordoba, in which he praised the "soft Corinthian leather" used for its interior. He also advertised the Chrysler New Yorker.

From 1977 to 1984, he was famous as Mr. Roarke the main star in the television series "Fantasy Island". He played Khan Noonien Singh in the 1967 episode "Space Seed" of the first season of the , and the 1982 film "".

He won an Emmy Award in 1978 for his role in the miniseries "How the West Was Won" and a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Screen Actors Guild in 1993. Into his 80s, he continued to perform, often providing voices for animated films and commercials, and appearing in several "Spy Kids" films as "Grandfather Valentin".

Montalbán was born in Mexico City, Mexico on November 25, 1920. He grew up in the city of Torreón, the son of Spanish immigrants Ricarda Merino and Jenaro Montalbán, a store manager. He was married to Georgiana Belzer from 1944 until her death in 2007. They had four children.

Montalbán died from heart failure in his Los Angeles, California home on January 14, 2009, aged 88.


Subaru Telescope

The telescope is named after the Pleiades star cluster. 

In September 1999, former-Princess Sayako of Japan dedicated the telescope. For the dedication, an eyepiece was constructed so that Princess Sayako could look through it directly.


Kepler-22b

Kepler-22b is an extrasolar planet orbiting (going around) G-type star Kepler-22. It is located about 600 light years away from Earth in the constellation Cygnus. It was found by NASA's Kepler Space Telescope. It is also the first known planet to orbit within the habitable zone of a Sun-like star.

Kepler-22b's first transit in front of its host sun was observed on Kepler's third day of scientific operations in mid-2009. Kepler-22b's third transit was detected in late 2010. The Spitzer Space Telescope provided more data that confirmed Kepler-22b's transits. On December 5, 2011, the confirmation of the existence of Kepler-22b was announced. 

Kepler-22b's radius is roughly 2.4 times the radius of Earth. Its mass and surface composition remain unknown, with only some very rough estimates established: It has less than 124 Earth masses at the 3 sigma confidence limit, and less than 36 Earth masses at 1 sigma confidence.

It is thought that the object has a mass similar to that of Neptune (~35 Earth masses). Another possibility is that Kepler-22b is an "ocean-like" world. It might also be comparable to the water-rich planet GJ 1214 b although Kepler-22b, unlike GJ 1214 b, is in the habitable zone. If it has an Earth-like composition, the compression of material in the interior of the planet would give an overall mass greater than 40 Earth masses. Such a planet would also produce surface gravity greater than 7 times that on Earth. This is ruled out to at least 1-sigma uncertainty by radial velocity measurements of the system, suggesting Kepler-22b does not have Earth-like composition. It is likely to have a more volatile-rich composition with a liquid or gaseous outer shell; this would make it similar to Kepler-11f, the smallest known gas planet.

"If it is mostly ocean with a small rocky core," Natalie Batalha, one of the scientists on the project, speculated "it's not beyond the realm of possibility that life could exist in such an ocean." This possibility of life has spurred SETI to perform research on top candidates for extraterrestrial intelligence. However, if the planet's carbon cycle has ceased due to lack of oceans and plate tectonics, Kepler-22b may turn out to be a searing, sterile super-Venus.

The only parameters of the planet's orbit that are currently available are its period, which is about , and its inclination which is approximately 90°, so that it transits the disk of its star as seen from Earth.

No information is available about the shape of the planet's orbit. Many extrasolar planets are known to move in highly elliptical orbits. We only know that the semi-major axis of its orbit is within its host star's habitable zone. If Kepler-22b has a highly elongated orbit it may well only spend a small fraction of its time within this habitable zone, which would cause extreme temperature differences on the planet and make it inhospitable.

In order to obtain information about the shape of the planet's orbit, other methods of planetary detection, such as the radial velocity method, need to be used. While such methods have been performed on the planet after its discovery, they have not yet detected what the orbital eccentricity of the planet actually is, and have as of March 2012 only set an upper limit on the mass of the planet.

The average distance from Kepler-22b to its host star Kepler-22 is about 15% less than the distance from Earth to the Sun but the luminosity (light output) of Kepler-22 is about 25% less than that of the Sun. This combination of a shorter average distance from the star and a lower stellar luminosity are consistent with a moderate surface temperature at that distance if we assume that the surface is not subject to extreme greenhouse heating. 

If the planet is found to move in a highly elliptical orbit, its surface temperature will vary from a higher temperature when close to Kepler-22 to lower when further away. If the orbit is indeed highly elliptical, then the temperature variance range will be extreme.

Scientists can estimate the possible surface conditions as follows:


Western scrub jay

A Western scrub jay ("Aphelocoma californica") is a type of jay bird in Western North America. They live in forests and look for food on the ground. They eat acorns, hairy caterpillars, beetles, wasps, corn, nuts, fruit, lizards, and other things.

Jill Ireland

Jill Dorothy Ireland (April 24, 1936 - May 18, 1990) was an English actress. She was born in London. She was in many movies. She also did some television performances. She was married to the actor Charles Bronson. Ireland died in Malibu, California due to breast cancer.

Cynthia Nixon

Cynthia Ellen Nixon (born April 9, 1966) is an American actress, activist and politician. She is most well known role comes from playing Miranda Hobbes in the HBO series "Sex and the City" (1998-2004). She has had other movie and TV starring acts as well. In 2016, she played Nancy Reagan in the television movie "Killing Reagan". 

On March 19, 2018, she announced via Twitter that she was running for Governor of New York.

Vostok (rocket family)

The Vostok rocket was developed by the Soviet Union to as their main launch vehicle for space flights. It was based on the R-7, an ICBM designed by Sergei Korolev and first launched in 1957. An R-7 rocket was used to carry Sputnik 1 into space on October 4, 1957. It was a single rocket with 4 booster engines attached to the sides, which acted like a multi stage rocket. The Vostok was an R-7 with an extra upper stage rocket, called Blok-E. This upper stage would fire as the lower stages ran out of fuel (a mix of kerosene and liquid oxygen. 

The Vostok was the first rocket with enough power to reach a solar orbit, with Lunar 1, launched on January 2, 1959. Luna 2 was the first rocket to reach the Moon, launched September 14, 1959. Luna 3, launched October 4, 1959, was able to take photographs of the far side of the Moon.

A Vostok rocket carried the Vostok 1 spacecraft, carrying Yuri Gagarin, the first person to go into space on April 12, 1961. Vostok 6 carried Valentina Tereshkova, the first woman in space on June 16, 1963.

Robin Wright

Robin Gayle Wright (born April 8, 1966 in Dallas, Texas) is an American actress. Her roles include starring as Jenny in the Academy Award winning movie "Forrest Gump". She played in many other movies and television series. Wright was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for her acting in the soap opera "Santa Barbara".

Wright was married to actor Sean Penn from 1998 until 2010. They have 2 children.

Australian Aboriginal astronomy

Australian Aborigines were some of the first people in the world to develop ideas with astronomy. It is possible that their interpretation of astronomy is the oldest still alive today. Studying astronomical subjects – such as the Sun, Moon, stars and planets – and the way they appeared to move was used as a way to find and explain the relationship between people, nature and the sky. The ideas that came from this contributed to their basic perception of the universe (their cosmology), and still form an important part of traditional culture and knowledge. Many legends, art forms, music and ceremonies originate from interpretations of astronomical phenomena and objects in the sky. Many Aboriginal groups give spiritual or mythological meanings to these things. Some groups used their knowledge of the movement of objects across the sky to develop practical tools like calendars.

Old Australian Aboriginal culture is an oral tradition, so knowledge of astronomy has been passed down through stories, song and dance. A lot of knowledge is kept secret, only passed to those who have been initiated. As in all aspects of Aboriginal society, some things are only known to men, other things are only known to women. The earliest written account of Aboriginal astronomy was published in 1857. It was written by Edward Stanbridge, an Englishman who became friends with the Boorong people of Victoria. 

Astronomy is a huge part of Aboriginal people's social, cultural and religious knowledge. It has little relation to the scientific theory of Western thinking. There are many different Aboriginal groups in Australia, and each interpret the sky in different ways. The interpretations all developed along the same lines and share the same basic themes, but can be very different in meaning. Most objects and phenomena are interpreted as figures or events in the Dreaming. Unlike in other ancient cultures, these legends and beliefs are still part of modern life for Australian Aborigines.

In most Aboriginal cultures, the Sun is regarded as a woman, and the Moon is a man. Tradition in Arnhem Land says that each morning, the Sun wakes up and lights a fire at her camp in the east. She then gets up and carries a torch across the sky from east to west, creating daylight. The Yolngu call her Walu, and believe that at sunrise and sunset her ochre body paint is brushed onto the clouds. At night, she is said to travel under ground back to her camp in the east. Similar stories are used to explain the phases of the Moon. For example, the Kuwema people say that at each full moon, he grows fat by eating the spirits of those who disobey tribal law. Some coastal peoples, such as the Yolngu, clearly saw the connection between the Moon and the tides. In other groups, the Moon is linked with fertility due to the similar pattern of the lunar cycle and the female menstrual cycle.

Solar and lunar eclipses were widely explained as the male Moon and female Sun mating with or marrying each other. Several astronomers note that these explanations show Aborigines understood that eclipses are caused by the paths of the Sun and Moon crossing each other. Norris (2009) argues that early Aborigines must have had a very good understanding of this in order to identify a lunar eclipse as being caused by the alignment of the Sun and Moon (since the Sun does not actually appear in the sky).

In his study of the central desert peoples, anthropologist Charles P. Mountford wrote that most, if not all, of the stars seen in the southern hemisphere had Aboriginal myths associated with them. Most groups distinguish red, white, blue and yellow stars. Stars are often grouped together in unique ways – some groups classify stars using social kinship systems. So many of the constellations known to Aboriginal groups are different to those known to Western astronomers.

The broad band of the Milky Way that runs across the sky at night is commonly interpreted by Aboriginal groups as a legendary river. Several groups in the central desert believe the river divides two tribes of ancestor spirits who live on either side. To some groups, the stars along the river represent fish; other groups, such as the Yolngu, believe the stars are the campfires of their ancestors. Other groups identfy the Milky Way as the Rainbow Serpent, a major creator being.

The Emu is a constellation known to many Aboriginal groups in Australia. It is not a constellation in the usual sense, because it is defined by areas of dark shadow between the bands of the Milky Way (caused by dust and gas clouds in space), rather than by stars. The emu's head is the very dark Coalsack nebula, next to the Southern Cross. The body and legs are other dark clouds trailing out along the Milky Way and across the Scorpius constellation.

This shape in the sky is said to have influenced the style of the emus drawn on rock art. Where it appeared in the sky during the course of the year indicated when ceremonies should be held. Just north of Sydney is a well-known set of rock engravings, one of which is an emu in the same pose and orientation as the emu in the sky. In autumn, the emu in the sky will stand directly over her portrait on the rock, indicating to the Kuring-gai people that it is time to gather emu eggs.

At the head of the emu, the Southern Cross is easily spotted in the sky, and there are many different interpretations of this constellation across Australia. Several groups identify it as an eagle, a sky god, or both. For the Arrernte, it represents the foot of Waluwara, an eagle spirit – the four bright stars mark his talons, and the Coalsack is his nest. To the Ngarrindjeri of South Australia, the Southern Cross is a stingray being chased by two sharks. The sharks, which is a sacred totem to the Ngarrindjeri, are represented by Alpha Centauri and Beta Centauri. In Victoria, the Boorong people identified the Southern Cross as the possum Bunya hiding from an emu spirit whose outline could be seen in the Coalsack nebula. To the Wardaman, the Coalsack is the head of a "law man". In 1972, the poet Oodgeroo Noonuccal wrote of the Southern Cross as the hands and feet of a wise leader named Mirabooka, who was given eternal life as a spirit in the sky.

Aboriginal interpretations of the constellations Orion and Pleiades are very similar to the stories about them in Greek mythology. The stars of Orion are widely associated with young men – usually fishermen or hunters – while the seven stars of Pleiades are usually seen as young women. The two constellations often appear in legend together, and are part of the Dreamings of several language groups.

In the central desert region, the Pleiades are said to be seven sisters running away from the unwelcome attentions of a man represented by some of the stars in Orion. In Pitjantjatjara legend, the Pleiades represent the Kungkarungkara, a group of seven ancestral sisters. They are guarded by a pack of dingos from Njiru, the hunter, who is the stars in Orion's Belt. Njiru is said to have raped one of the sisters, who then died and became the darkest of the Pleiades stars. The sisters transformed into birds and fled to safety in the sky, but Njiru still chases after them. Other legends are less harsh: the Adnyamathanha, for example, believe the Pleiades are the wives of the stars in Orion. Tiwi people see them as a group of kangaroos being chased by a pack of dingos.

The similarity between these legends and the Orion and Pleiades of Greek mythology is believed to be a coincidence (by chance) – there is no proof of any cultural connection.

Yolngu people see the constellation of Orion as a canoe. They tell the story of three brothers who went fishing, and one of them ate a fish that was forbidden under their law. Seeing this, the Sun blew the three brothers and their canoe up into the sky. The three stars in the constellation's centre, which form Orion's Belt in Western mythology, are the three brothers. The Orion Nebula above them is the forbidden fish, and the bright stars Betelgeuse and Rigel are the front and back of the canoe. In this example, the astronomical legend has a clear message about a moral that people would follow on Earth. Aboriginal myths such as these are often focused around moral lessons, such as reminders of whether it is alright to eat certain types of food.

Tagai is a large constellation made up of Scorpius, Lupus, Centaurus, Crux, Corvus, with part of Hydra and one of the stars of Ara. In the culture of the Torres Strait Islanders, Tagai is a legendary sea hero. He is depicted as a fisherman standing in a canoe. His crew is represented by the six stars of the Pleiades and six stars of Orion. In the legend, Tagai's crew eats all the food and water that had been prepared for their journey. Tagai punishes them by tying them together and throwing them into the ocean. The stars in the sky are said to be their reflection.

The islanders used this constellation to tell the seasons. This calendar organised their cycle of fishing and farming, as well as their rituals and social activities. The appearance of the Pleiades told them that it was turtle-mating season, time for travelling and to prepare for planting before the rainy season.

Unexpected new arrivals in the sky, such as comets and meteors, were widely associated as omens of death or bad spirits. Ngarrindjeri people of the central desert say that a meteor is an omen of deathly disease. Tiwi-speaking people in New South Wales and the Kuninjku in Arnhem Land both interpreted meteors as the eyes of evil spirit creatures running across the sky hunting for the souls of the sick and dying. The idea of comets and meteors bringing misfortune and death was also shared by many other cultures around the world.

Impact events are also described in Aboriginal legends, including in creation stories about particular landforms. An example is the Arrernte story about the creation of Gosse's Bluff, an impact crater said to be nearly 150 million years old. According to the Arrernte legend, this was created by a baby's cradle that fell from the sky world. The baby's mother and father are the evening and morning stars (Venus), still searching for their baby. Several other legends from across Australia tell about falling stars that bring fire to the earth.

Aborigines traditionally used the stars to navigate to where they wanted to go. This is still the case in the remote outback, where there might not be any other signs or landmarks. They also use the Sun, the Moon and the stars to tell the time. Aboriginal calendars are usually more complex than those from Western culture. Many groups in northern Australia use a calendar with six seasons, and know what season it is by what stars can be seen during that period. In 1857, an Englishman named William Edward Stanbridge published the first written account of Aboriginal astronomy. He wrote about the Boorong people of northern Victoria, and how they used astronomy to better understand seasons. They thought of the constellation Lyra as a malleefowl (which they called "Neilloan"). It disappears from the southern sky in October, and this event told the Boorong that the bird's egg-laying season had begun.

Other groups know that when Orion first appears in the sky, dingo puppies are about to be born. When Scorpius appears, the Yolngu know that the Macassan fisherman would soon arrive to fish for sea cucumber and bring goods to trade. For the Pitjantjatjara, the rising of the Pleiades at dawn (in May) marks the start of the cool season, when some animals in the desert go into hibernation.


Elizabeth McGovern

Elizabeth McGovern (born July 18, 1961) is an American movie, television and stage actress. Her movies include "Johnny Handsome" (1989) and "Once Upon a Time in America" (1984). Most of her acting has been on stage or in television.

Ms. McGovern was also a member of the "Brat Pack", and unofficial group of young Hollywood actors who gained fame mainly in the 1980s.

Flag of Belize

The flag of Belize comes from the earlier flag of British Honduras. British Honduras is the name of Belize during the time the British ruled. 

The flag is royal blue. It has a white disc at the centre with the national coat of arms held by a white and a black man. They are surrounded by fifty mahogany leaves. The flag is bordered at top and bottom by two red stripes.

The colours on the flag are for the country's national parties. The People's United Party (PUP) uses the color blue. The United Democratic Party (Belize) (UDP) uses red. 

Coat of arms of Belize

The Coat of Arms of Belize began to be used when Belize became independent. The current coat of arms is only slightly different from that used when Belize was a British colony.

The border is a circle of twenty-five leaves. Inside the circle is a mahogany tree. There are the tools of a woodcutter and a ship. These show the importance of mahogany in the 18th and 19th century Belizean economy. 

The shield is supported by two wood-cutters of different races. The one on the left is holding an axe. The one on the right is holding an oar. Again this shows the importance of the mahogany and its importance to boat building. 

At the bottom is the national motto: . This means "Under the Shade I Flourish".

The Flag of Belize has the coat of arms in its centre.

Land of the Free

Land of the Free is the national anthem of Belize. Samuel Alfred Haynes wrote the words. Selwyn Walford Young wrote the music. They did this in 1963. It became official in 1981.

Hondo River (Belize)

The Rio Hondo is a river of Central America. It is about 150 km (93.2 mi) in length. It flows in a northeasterly direction and ends in the Chetumal Bay on the Caribbean Sea. Most of border of Mexico and Belize runs along its length.

Many archaeological sites of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization are near the river's course.

The river is mentioned in a stanza of Belize's national anthem, "Land of the Free":


Rio Hondo

Río Hondo (Spanish for "deep river") or Hondo River may be:


Mopan people

Mopan are one of the Maya peoples in Belize and Guatemala. Their language is also called Mopan. It is one of the Yucatec Maya languages. 

The British forced the Mopan out of British Honduras and into Guatemala. The Mopan in Guatemala were made into slaves. In the 19th century, many Guatemalan Mopan came back into British Honduras.

In the 2000 Census, 6,093 Belizeans said Mopan was their first language. This was 3% the population.

Q'eqchi' people

Q'eqchi<nowiki>'</nowiki> (K'ekchi<nowiki>'</nowiki>, or simply Kekchi) are one of the Maya peoples in Guatemala and Belize. Their language is also called Q'eqchi'.

Before the Spanish came in the 1520s, Q'eqchi' were mostly in what are now the departments of Alta Verapaz and Baja Verapaz in Guatemala. With the activity the Q'eqchi' moved into other regions of Guatemala, southern Belize, and smaller numbers in El Salvador, Honduras and southern Mexico.

Ambergris Caye

Ambergris Caye is the largest island of Belize. It is in the northeast of the country in the Caribbean Sea. It is administered as part of the Belize District. The closest point on the mainland is part of the Corozal District. Caye is pronounced as "key". It means an island. 

The Caye is about long from north to south, and about wide. It was named after large lumps of ambergris which washed ashore here.

The Belizean island is mostly a ring of white sand beach around mangrove swamp in the centre.

A Maya community lived on the island in Pre-Columbian times. They made polished red ceramics. 
San Pedro Town is the largest settlement and only town on Ambergris. There are a number of small villages and resorts. 

The main attractions are the Belize Barrier Reef and its beaches. The barrier reef is the second-largest in the world. Only the Great Barrier Reef of Australia is bigger. 

Izabal Department

Izabal is one of the 22 departments of Guatemala. Its coastal areas are part of the homeland of the Garifuna people.
Izabal is bordered to the north by Belize, to the north east by the Gulf of Honduras, and to the east by Honduras. It is bordered by the Guatemalan departments of Petén to the north west, Alta Verapaz to the west, and Zacapa to the south.

The department of Izabal surrounds Lago Izabal. It is Guatemala's largest lake at about 48 km long and 24 km wide, with an area of about 590 km². The Spanish Colonial fort of San Felipe overlooks the point where the lake flows into the Río Dulce.

The small town of Izabal is on the south shore of the lake. Before the ports of Livingston and Puerto Barrios were built in the 19th century this was Guatemala's main Caribbean Sea port. It was the original seat of Izabal department. Now Izabal town is a remote village that gets little traffic.

From the area around Lake Izabal, the Department of Izabal stretches along the Río Dulce to the coast of the Caribbean Sea.

The department of Izabal includes the ports of Puerto Barrios (the departmental seat), Santo Tomás de Castilla, Livingston and Guatemala's free trade zone Zolic. Izabal also includes the Pre-Columbian Maya ruins of Quirigua.


List of SpongeBob SquarePants episodes

SpongeBob SquarePants is an animated television series broadcast on Nickelodeon, an American cable network. The series started showing on July 17, 1999.

The first season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on July 17, 1999. The season ended on April 8, 2000. The DVD for the season was released in Regions 1, 2, and 4 on October 28, 2003, November 7, 2005, and November 30, 2006, respectively. The pilot episode, "Help Wanted" was not included on the season one DVD. However, this episode was included as a bonus feature on the season three DVD. 41 episodes were produced this season.

The second season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on October 26, 2000, with the episodes "Something Smells" and "Bossy Boots". The season ended on September 6, 2002 with "Graveyard Shift" and "Krusty Love". The DVD for the season was released in Regions 1, 2, and 4 on October 19, 2004, October 23, 2006, and November 30, 2006, respectively. 39 episodes were produced this season.

The third season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on October 5, 2001, with the episodes "The Bully" and "Just One Bite". The season ended on October 11, 2004 with "SpongeBob Meets the Strangler" and "Pranks a Lot". The DVD for the season was released in Regions 1, 4 and 2 on September 27, 2005, November 8, 2007 and December 3, 2007 respectively. Following the season three finale, the series entered a hiatus that would last for over six months. During the hiatus, "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie" was released to cinemas. 37 episodes were produced this season.

The fourth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on January 17, 2005, with the episodes "Fear of a Krabby Patty" and "Shell of a Man". The season ended on February 27, 2006 with "Best Day Ever" and "The Gift of Gum". Unlike the previous seasons, season four was released in two volume DVDs. The volume one DVD was released in Region 1 on September 12, 2006. The volume two DVD was released in Region 1 on January 9, 2007. The season set was released in its entirety in Region 2 on November 3, 2008. 38 episodes were produced this season.

The fifth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on May 5, 2006, with the episode "Friend or Foe". The season ended on July 19, 2009 with the airing of "Goo Goo Gas". As in season four, the season DVDs were split into two volumes. The volume one DVD was released in Region 1 on September 4, 2007 while the second was released on November 18, 2008. 41 episodes were produced this season.

The sixth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on March 3, 2008, with the episode "Krabby Road". The season ended on July 5, 2010 with "The Clash of Triton". Like seasons four and five, the season DVDs were split into two volumes. The volume one DVD was released in Region 1 on December 8, 2009, while the volume two DVD was released in Region 1 on December 7, 2010. 47 episodes were produced this season.

The seventh season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" was announced in March 2008. The season premiered on July 19, 2009 with the airings of "I ♥ Dancing", "Someone's in the Kitchen with Sandy", "Growth Spout", "Tentacle-Vision", "The Inside Job", and "Stuck in the Wringer", and will end in September 2012.

The eighth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" was announced in December 2009. The season premiered on March 26, 2011 with the airings of "Oral Report" and "A Friendly Game". Season 8 consist of episodes 153-178. With the airing of "For Here or to Go", on April 12, 2012, it passed "Rugrats", which had 178 episodes, and became Nickelodeon's longest running cartoon.

On Monday January 3, 2011, Nickelodeon ordered 26 episodes for a ninth season, which was confirmed to start in 2012. This season consists of episodes 179-204, and marks the 200-episode milestone. The season began with the episodes "Extreme Spots" and "Squirrel Record" on July 21, 2012, and ended on February 20, 2017 with the episode "Goodbye, Krabby Patty?", making it the longest-running season of SpongeBob SquarePants to date; between the episodes "SpongeBob You're Fired" and "Lost in Bikini Bottom", production of this season went on hiatus to finish production of "". Starting from this season, episodes are now in HD widescreen. The DVD for this season was released on October 10, 2017 in region one.

Season 10 was officially announced on May 21, 2012. This season was supposed to start in 2014, but got delayed due to the production of "". The season began with the episode "Whirly Brains" on October 15, 2016, and ended on December 2, 2017, with the episode "The Incredible Shrinking Sponge". It is the shortest season of the series, having only 11 half-hours instead of 26; Vincent Waller said on his Twitter that this was due to accounting and contractual issues. The DVD for this season was released in region one on October 15, 2019, exactly three years after the season first premiered.

Season 11 was announced on March 3, 2016; it began on June 24, 2017, with the episodes "Spot Returns" and "The Check-Up", and ended on November 25, 2018, with the episode "Goons on the Moon". The DVD for this season was released in region one on March 31, 2020.

Season 12 was announced on May 5, 2017. It began on November 11, 2018 with the episode "FarmerBob", and finished on April 29, 2022 with the episode "Kwarantined Krab". This is the last season show creator Stephen Hillenburg was involved in before his death on November 26, 2018, with "Pineapple RV" being the last episode he oversaw full completion of before his death, according to Vincent Waller. The season includes the third hour-long special of the series, "SpongeBob's Big Birthday Blowout", which was made to celebrate the series' 20th anniversary, and is dedicated to the memory of Hillenburg. The DVD for this season was released on January 12, 2021, before several episodes premiered in the United States; however, "Kwarantined Krab" is not included on this DVD, due to the episode being unintentionally similar to the COVID-19 pandemic at the time of the DVD's release; this makes it the second season DVD to exclude an episode, after the Complete 1st Season, which excluded "Help Wanted".

Season 13 was announced on July 17, 2019. It began on October 22, 2020, with the episodes "A Place for Pets" and "Lockdown for Love," and ended on November 1, 2023 with the episode "Sandy, Help Us!" Originally set to contain 13 half-hours, it was extended to 26 half-hours on August 11, 2021. The season was released on DVD in region 1 on December 5, 2023.

Season 14 was announced on March 24, 2022. It began on November 2, 2023 with the episode "Single-Celled Defense."

Sarstoon River

Sarstoon River is a river in the Toledo District of Belize. It makes the country's southern border with Guatemala.

The river's sources are in Guatemala. There it is called by its Spanish name, Río Sarstún. It flows through the Guatemalan departments of Alta Verapaz and Izabal. Then it goes into Belize and through Toledo to the Caribbean Sea.

Channing Tatum

Channing Matthew Tatum (born on April 26, 1980 in Cullman, Alabama) is an American movie producer and actor. He is a main actor in the movies "Coach Carter", "Dear John", Easy A, "21 Jump Street", its sequel "22 Jump Street", "White House Down", "The Lego Movie", "Foxcatcher", "The Hateful Eight", and in "Hail, Caesar!".

Michael Hutchence

Michael Kelland John Hutchence (22 January 1960 – 22 November 1997) was an Australian recording artist and actor. He was best known as being one of the founding members and lead singer of the rock band INXS. 

Hutchence was also the lead singer for the band Max Q and acted in the movies "Frankenstein Unbound" and "Dogs in Space". 

In 1992, Hutchence was punched by a taxi driver in Copenhagen, knocking him to the ground. This caused Hutchence brain damage and depression. 

In July 1996, Paula Yates gave birth to their daughter.

Hutchence was found dead by a hotel maid in his hotel room at the Ritz-Carlton hotel in Double Bay, Sydney on 22 November 1997. He committed suicide by hanging himself with his snake skin belt. Hutchence had been a drug user and was using drugs just before his death.


Michael Bolton

Michael Bolotin (born February 26, 1953), better known as Michael Bolton, is an American singer, guitarist and songwriter. He has eight Top 10 records and received Grammy Awards as well as the American Music Awards. He began singing in hard rock, though he later went to the soft rock styles starting in the late 1980s and has stayed there since. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut with family from Ukraine.

Melanie Mayron

Melanie Joy Mayron (born October 20, 1952 near Philadelphia) is a movie actress and director who was featured in many television programs in the 1980s and 1990s. She also directed them, and directed many movies.

Audrina Patridge

Audrina Patridge (born 9 May 1985) is an American television personality and actress. She acted in several motion pictures. She is especially notable for being among the four original members of the MTV reality show "The Hills".

The Waltons

The Waltons (September 14, 1972-June 4, 1981) was an American television series. It was about a family in rural Virginia between 1933 and 1946, during the Great Depression and the Second World War. The series was distributed by Lorimar and syndicated via Warner Bros. Domestic Television Distribution. Six television movies followed this: three in 1982, and another three in the 1990s. The series lasted almost nine years. 

Although the story takes place in Virginia, the entire series was filmed in Los Angeles in the Warner Bros. Studios. The house (outside and inside) was build in the studio, just for the series. 
The mountain in the background (which has the Hollywood Sign that was hidden, and which was shown as heavily forested and green with special effects) stood in for the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia.

John Playfair

John Playfair FRSE, FRS (10 March 1748 – 20 July 1819) was a Scottish scientist and mathematician, and a professor of natural philosophy at the University of Edinburgh. 

He is perhaps best known for his book "Illustrations of the Huttonian Theory of the Earth" (1802), which summarised the work of James Hutton. It was through this book that Hutton's principle of uniformitarianism first reached a wide audience. The idea was later taken up by Charles Lyell and Charles Darwin. Playfair is also remembered for his proposal of an alternative to Euclid's parallel postulate.


Ryan Tannehill

Ryan Timothy Tannehill is an American quarterback who plays for the National Football League (NFL)'s Tennessee Titans. Tannehill used to play for the Miami Dolphins from 2012 to 2018.

Tannehill played for Texas A&M during his college career, after graduating from Texas' Big Spring High School.

During the 2012 NFL Draft, Tannehill was picked 8th by the Miami Dolphins. He was the first quarterback picked by the Dolphins in the first round of any NFL Draft since Dan Marino. On July 28, 2012, Tannehill signed his rookie contract, a 4-year deal worth $12.688 million. Tannehill started his first pro career game. He played poorly, throwing 0 touchdowns and 3 interceptions against the Houston Texans. Even though he had a poor first game, Tannehill showed signs of growth throughout his rookie season. Despite playing better as the season progressed, his play was still thought to be overall mediocre, as it was overshadowed by the play of other rookie quarterbacks, such as Andrew Luck, Robert Griffin III, and Russell Wilson.


Orivesi

Orivesi is a town and municipality in Finland. It is in Pirkanmaa. The municipality was founded in 1865. It has been classed as a town since 1986.

Nearby municipalities include Juupajoki, Jämsä, Kangasala, Kuhmoinen, Ruovesi and Tampere.

There were more than 9,600 people in Orivesi (as of January, 2014). The name "Orivesi" means "stallion water".


Messier 100

Messier 100 (also known as NGC 4321) is an example of a so-called 'grand design' spiral galaxy. It is visible in the southern part of constellation Coma Berenices. Messier 100 is one of the brightest and largest galaxies in the Virgo cluster, about 55 million light-years away, with a diameter of 160,000 light years. It was discovered by Pierre Méchain in 1781. Later it was entered in Messier’s catalogue of nebulae and star clusters after Charles Messier made observations of his own a month later. The galaxy was one of the first spirals discovered, and was listed as one of 14 spiral nebulae by the Earl of Rosse in 1850.

The galaxy has two satellite galaxies, NGC 4323 connected with M100 by a bridge of luminous matter and NGC 4328.

Messier 100 is considered a starburst galaxy with a radius of 1 kilo-parsec, where star formation has been taking place for least 500 million years in separate bursts. Star formation is concentrated in a ring actually two tightly wound spiral arms attached to a small nuclear bar.

As usual on spiral galaxies of the Virgo Cluster, in the rest of the disk both star formation and neutral hydrogen are reduced in the galaxy's disk, something caused by interactions in the Virgo cluster.

Other Grand design spiral galaxies

Akari (satellite)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA).

The satellite was launched on February 22, 2006. 

The primary mission of "Akari" was as a space observatory to survey the entire sky in near-, mid- and far-infrared with its infrared telescope.


Walkie-talkie

A walkie-talkie is a hand held two way radio receiver/transmitter or transceiver. It was developed in the Second World War. 

Radio engineer Alfred J. Gross worked on the early technology behind the walkie-talkie between 1934 and 1941. During the war it was developed by Donald L. Hings and engineering teams at Motorola led by Henryk Magnuski.

Typical walkie-talkies today are phone sized and have a push-to-talk button. Walkie-talkies are used for various reasons, in the military, for amateur radio, and for personal use.

The first walkie-talkie was so large it had to be carried in a backpack, and was called Motorola SCR-300. Motorola also made other Walkie-talkies during World War Two. During World War Two The first hand-held Walkie-talkies were also developed by Motorola during WWII. 

The idea of walkie-talkies did not get much interest until the war started in 1939. After a few years, the Motorola team had improved them so that the army could use them. There were also vehicle and tank versions. The British, Germans, and Americans all had their own versions. 

Motorola also produced the hand-held radio during World War II, and it was called the "handie-talkie" (HT). The terms are often confused today, but the original walkie talkie referred to the back mounted model, while the handie-talkie was the device which could be held entirely in the hand (but had vastly reduced range).

Walkie-talkies are widely used in many settings, including business, police force, military, and recreation. 

Abell 2142

Abell 2142 is a huge, X-ray luminous galaxy cluster in the constellation Corona Borealis. It is the result of an ongoing merger between two galaxy clusters. 

The combined cluster is six million light years across, contains hundreds of galaxies and "enough gas to make a thousand more". It is "one of the most massive objects in the universe".

The image on the right was taken in 1999 with the Chandra X-ray Observatory's 0.3-10.0 keV Advanced Imaging Spectrometer, and covers an area of 7.5 x 7.2 arc minutes. It shows a colossal cosmic "weather system" produced by the collision of two giant clusters of galaxies. For the first time, the pressure fronts in the system have been traced in detai. They show a bright, but relatively cool 50 million degree Celsius central region (white) embedded in large elongated cloud of 70 million degree Celsius gas (magenta), all of which is boiling in a faint "atmosphere" of 100 million degree Celsius gas (faint magenta and dark blue). The bright source in the upper left is an active galaxy in the cluster.

Abell 2142 is part of the Abell catalogue of rich clusters of galaxies originally published by UCLA astronomer George O. Abell (19271983) in 1958. It has a heliocentric redshift of 0.0909 (meaning it is moving away from us at 27,250 km/s) and a visual magnitude of 16.0. It is about 1.2 billion light years (380 megaparsecs) away.

Screen printing

Screen printing is a printing technique. It uses a woven mesh to support an ink-blocking stencil. The attached stencil has open areas of mesh that transfer ink or other printable materials. The ink or paint can be pressed through the mesh as a sharp image onto a material. 

A fill blade or squeegee is moved across the screen stencil, forcing ink through the mesh openings.

Julianne Hough

Julianne Alexandra Hough (born July 20 1988) is an American dancer, country music singer, songwriter and actress. She is best known for being a two-time champion on the ABC series "Dancing with the Stars". Her first album was released May 20, 2008. She acted in the 2011 remake of the movie "Footloose".

Hough is the second of five children. She has three sisters and a brother. All of her grandparents were professional dancers.

Jake Kaminski

Jake Kaminski (born August 11, 1988) is an American archer. He is best known for competing in the Summer Olympic Games. 

At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he was part of the men's archery team that won a silver medal.



Brady Ellison

Brady Ellison (born October 27, 1988) is an American athlete. He is an archer who competed in the Summer Olympic Games. 

At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he was part of the men's archery team that won a silver medal.



Crystal Bowersox

Crystal Lynn Bowersox (Born August 4, 1985, in Elliston, Ohio) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. She was the runner-up in the ninth season of "American Idol". Her debut album was "Farmer's Daughter", released in 2010. She was diagnosed with diabetes when she was age 6 and has been hospitalized several times since.

Kyoko Yano

Yano was born in Yokohama on June 3, 1984. After graduating from Kanagawa University, she joined Urawa Reds in 2007. In 2007 season, she was selected Best Young Player awards. She retired end of 2012 season. In 6 seasons, she played 111 matches in Nadeshiko League and she was selected Best Eleven every season.

In June 2003, Yano was a Kanagawa University student, she was selected to play for the Japan national team at the 2003 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 11, she debuted and scored a goal against Guam. She played at the World Cup 3 times (2003, 2007 and 2011) and at the Summer Olympics 3 times (2004, 2008 and 2012). Japan won the championship at the 2011 World Cup and silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She played 74 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2012.

David Brown

David Brown (July 28, 1916 – February 1, 2010) was an American movie producer. Brown and business partner Richard D. Zanuck were one of the most successful producers in Hollywood in the 1960s and in the 1970s.

Brown was born in New York City, the son of Lillian (née Baren) and Edward Fisher Brown. He was best known as the producing partner of Richard D. Zanuck. They were jointly awarded the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 1990 for their achievements in producing. Among their films were Steven Spielberg's "Jaws" (1975), and other box office hits such as "Cocoon" (1985), "Driving Miss Daisy" (1989) and "A Few Good Men" (1992).

Brown had one son (Bruce, from an earlier marriage) who died before him, and a half brother (Edward Fisher Brown Jr.).
Brown authored "Brown's Guide to the Good Life: Tears, Fears, and Boredom", which gives advice on life. He also wrote "Let Me Entertain You", an anecdotal auto-biography.

Brown died at his home in Manhattan from renal failure on February 1, 2010, at the age of 93.

Helen Gurley Brown

Helen Gurley Brown (February 18, 1922 – August 13, 2012) was an American author, publisher, and businesswoman. She was editor-in-chief of "Cosmopolitan" magazine for 32 years.

Brown was born in Green Forest, Arkansas on February 18, 1922, the daughter of Cleo and Ira Marvin Gurley.

After working at the William Morris Agency, Music Corporation of America, and Sam Jaffe talent agencies she went to work for Foote, Cone & Belding advertising agency as a secretary. Brown became well-known for her writing skills and moved her to the copywriting department where she advanced rapidly to become one of the nation's highest paid ad copywriters in the early 1960s. In 1959 she married David Brown, who later became the producer of "Jaws", "The Sting", "Cocoon", "Driving Miss Daisy", and other motion pictures.

In September, 2008, she was named the 13th most powerful American over the age of 80 by "Slate" magazine.

After more than 50 years of marriage, her husband, David Brown, died at age 93 on February 1, 2010.

Together with her husband David, Helen Gurley established the David and Helen Gurley Brown Institute for Media Innovation. This institution will be housed at both the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism and Stanford University School of Engineering|Stanford's Engineering School. Their $30 million donation to the two schools will be used to develop journalism in the context of new technologies.

Brown died at the McKeen Pavilion at New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia after a brief hospitalization; she was 90. In its statement announcing the news, Hearst Publications did not disclose a cause.



Muscadine

Muscadine is a grapevine species. It is in the southeastern United States. They grow well in a warm and humid climate.

Muscadine berries are bronze to dark purple to black in color when ripe. However, many wild varieties stay green. Their skin is very tough. To eat the raw fruit a person bites a small hole in the skin to suck out the pulp inside. Muscadines are not only eaten fresh, but also are used in making wine, juice, and jelly.

Kathy Baker

Katherine Whitton "Kathy" Baker (born June 8, 1950) is an American movie and television actress. She acted in the movies "Edward Scissorhands", "The Cider House Rules" and "Cold Mountain". She also acted in the TV series "Picket Fences" and "Boston Public". She was born in Midland, Texas.

Bill Butler (cinematographer)

Wilmer C. “Bill” Butler, A.S.C. (April 7, 1921 – April 5, 2023) was an American cinematographer part of the New Hollywood generation. He shot "Jaws" (1975) and the first three "Rocky" sequels. He also completed 1974's "The Conversation" as well as 1975's "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" after Haskell Wexler was fired from both productions. Butler died just two days prior to his 102nd birthday.


Robert Shaw (actor)

Robert Archibald Shaw (9 August 1927 – 28 August 1978) was an English actor, novelist, playwright and screenwriter. Shaw is remembered for his roles in "From Russia with Love" (1963), "A Man for All Seasons" (1966), "The Sting" (1973), the original "The Taking of Pelham One Two Three" (1974), "Black Sunday" (1977), "The Deep" (1977) and "Jaws" (1975), where he played the shark hunter Quint. Robert Shaw was born in Westhoughton, near Bolton, Lancashire.

Shaw was married three times and had ten children, one of whom was adopted. His first wife was Jennifer Bourke (1952-63) with he had four daughters. His second wife was the actress Mary Ure (1963-75) with he had two sons and two daughters; this marriage ended with her death from an overdose. His third and last wife was Virginia Jansen (1976-78) with he had one son and adopted Jansen's son from a previous relationship. One of Shaw's sons by Mary Ure is the actor Ian Shaw.

Shaw had 10 children all together.

Shaw died from a heart attack on August 28, 1978 while on the set of "Avalanche Express" in Tourmakeady, County Mayo, Republic of Ireland.


Asuna Tanaka

Tanaka was born in Sakai on April 23, 1988. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 2007. However, the club was disbanded in 2008 due to financial strain. She moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2009. She was selected Best Eleven in 2011 and 2012. She moved to German Bundesliga club Frankfurt in July 2013. In October 2014, she returned to INAC Kobe Leonessa. She moved to Korean WK League club Gyeongju KHNP.

In November 2008, Tanaka was selected by the Japan U-20 national team for the 2008 U-20 World Cup. In March 2011, Tanaka was selected by the Japan national team for the 2011 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 4, she debuted against Finland. In July, she played at the 2011 World Cup as Japan won the championship. She also played at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2015 World Cup. Japan won the 2nd place at both tournaments. She played 39 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2016.


Jerry Hall

Jerry Faye Hall (born July 2, 1956 in Gonzales, Texas) is an American actress and model. She appeared in several movies., the most notable being "Batman" (1989). 

In November 1990, she married Mick Jagger. They had four children. The couple divorced in 1999. Hall has appeared on many magazine covers during her fashion modeling career. In 2016, she married Rupert Murdoch.

Leonardo Cimino

Leonardo Cimino (November 4, 1917 – March 3, 2012) was an American movie, television and stage actor. In 1937, he appeared in the original stage production of Marc Blitzstein's "The Cradle Will Rock". Leonardo's most well known roles are in the 1983 science fiction miniseries, "V" as Abraham Bernstein and the 1987 feature film "The Monster Squad" as the "scary German guy". Born in Manhattan, Cimino was the son of Andrea and Leonilda Cimino. Cimino was married to Sharon Powers until his death. Cimino died on March 3, 2012 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at his home in Woodstock, New York.



Warren Stevens

Warren Albert Stevens (November 2, 1919 – March 27, 2012) was an American stage, movie, and television actor.

Stevens was born on November 2, 1919 in Clarks Summit, Pennsylvania. He studied how to act at the Actor's Studio in New York City.

Stevens began his acting career after being in the U.S. Air Force as a pilot during World War II. He trained at The Actor's Studio in New York. He was noticed on Broadway in the late 1940s. Then he was offered a Hollywood contract at 20th Century Fox. 

His first Broadway role was in "The Life of Galileo" (1947). His first movie role followed in "The Frogmen" (1951). As a young studio contract player, Stevens had little choice in the jobs he took. He was in movies that included "Phone Call from a Stranger" (1952), "Wait Till the Sun Shines, Nellie" (1952), and "Gorilla at Large" (1954). His most memorable movie role was probably that of "Doc" Ostrow in the science fiction movie "Forbidden Planet" (1956). He also had a supporting role in "The Barefoot Contessa" (1954) with Humphrey Bogart.

Stevens was married to Susan Tucker Huntington from 1942 until they divorced. Then he was married to Barbara Finch from 1969 until they divorced. He had one child with Huntington and two with French. He lived in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California with his family.

Stevens died on March 27, 2012, in his home in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California from a lung disease. He was survived by three of his children.

Murray Hamilton

Murray Hamilton (March 24, 1923 – September 1, 1986) was an American stage, screen, and television actor who appeared in such memorable films as "The Hustler", "The Graduate", and "Jaws".

Born in Washington, North Carolina in Beaufort County, North Carolina in eastern North Carolina, Hamilton displayed an early interest in performing during his days at Washington High School just before the outbreak of World War II. Bad hearing kept him from enlisting, so he moved to New York City as a 19-year-old to find a career on stage.

His most famous movie roles is perhaps as the obdurate Amity Island mayor Larry Vaughn in the Steven Spielberg shark thriller "Jaws". Hamilton also appeared in its sequel "Jaws 2" and was signed on to reprise the role of Mayor Vaughn in a cameo for "", but died before filming began.

In two of his most distinctive performances, Hamilton appeared with Paul Newman in "The Hustler" (1961), playing Findley, a wealthy billiards player who gambles for high stakes, (1965-1966) "The Fugitive" and in "The Graduate" (1967) as Mr. Robinson, husband of Anne Bancroft's Mrs. Robinson.

In 1975, Hamilton starred again with Newman in "The Drowning Pool". He also worked with Robert Redford in a pair of films, 1973's "The Way We Were" and the 1980 prison drama "Brubaker".

For many years both before and during his movie career, Hamilton was a prominent dramatic actor, earning a Tony Award nomination for his role in the 1965 production of "Absence of a Cello".

He died from cancer and is interred at Oakdale Cemetery in Washington, North Carolina.


Peter Benchley

Peter Bradford Benchley (May 8, 1940 – February 12, 2006) was an American author, best known for his novel "Jaws" and its subsequent movie adaptation, the latter co-written by Benchley (with Carl Gottlieb) and directed by Steven Spielberg. Several more of his works were also adapted for cinema, including "The Deep" and "The Island".

He was the son of Marjorie (née Bradford) and author Nathaniel Benchley and grandson of Algonquin Round Table founder Robert Benchley. His younger brother, Nat Benchley, is a writer and actor. Peter Benchley was an alumnus of Allen-Stevenson School or now known as The Allen-Stevenson School, Phillips Exeter Academy, and Harvard University.

Benchley died of pulmonary fibrosis on February 12, 2006 in Princeton, New Jersey.




Lorraine Gary

Lorraine Gary (born August 16, 1937) is a retired American actress, best known for her role as "Ellen Brody" in "Jaws", "Jaws 2", and "". She also appeared in "1941" and "Car Wash".

Gary was born as Lorraine Gottfried in Forest Hills, Queens, New York on August 16, 1937, to Betty and George Gottfried, an entertainment business manager.

She began her acting career in the late 1960s doing guest appearances on several popular TV shows. These include "Night Gallery", "The Virginian Dragnet 1967", "McCloud", "Kojak" and "The F.B.I. (TV series)". She began her first major acting role when she was a guest star on seven episodes of the TV series "Ironside", among them "Tom Dayton Is Loose Among Us", in which she played the substitute librarian Miss Kirk, who pushes the unstable Tom Dayton too hard, and "In Search of an Artist", as a woman with a drinking problem who may have been involved in a murder. 

She has been married to entertainment industry executive Sid Sheinberg, with whom she had two children, since August 19, 1956. She retired for eight years after "1941" but then came out of her voluntary retirement to reprise Ellen Brody in "".

Sid Sheinberg

Sidney Jay "Sid" Sheinberg (January 14, 1935 – March 7, 2019) was an American screenwriter, lawyer, and entertainment executive.

Sheinberg, the son of immigrants, a Ukrainian mother and a Polish father, is Jewish and grew up in Corpus Christi, Texas where he was born on January 14, 1935.

In June 1973, Sheinberg was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of MCA, Inc. At the time he was 38. During his presidency, Universal Pictures, a division of MCA, Inc., released the films that grossed more in each of the past three decades, starting with "Jaws" in 1975, following with "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" in 1982 and concluding with "Jurassic Park" in 1993.

Sid Sheinberg married actress Lorraine Gary in 1956. They had two sons: Bill and Jonathan Sheinberg, both of whom work as film producers. Sheinberg died on March 7, 2019 in Beverly Hills, aged 84.

Denholm Elliott

Denholm Mitchell Elliott, CBE (31 May 1922 – 6 October 1992) was an English film, television and theatre actor. He was in more than 120 movies and television programmes. In the 1981, he won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role.

Elliott was born in London, England. He was the son of Nina (née Mitchell) and Myles Laymen Farr Elliott. He attended Malvern College and trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London.

In the 1980s, he won three consecutive British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) awards – Best Supporting Actor for "Trading Places" as Dan Aykroyd's kindly butler, "A Private Function", and "Defence of the Realm" – as well as an Academy Award nomination for "A Room with a View". He also became familiar to a wider audience as the well-meaning but addlepated Dr. Marcus Brody in "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981) and "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade". A photograph of his character appears in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and a reference is made to Brody's death. In 1988, Elliott played the Russian mole Povin in the television miniseries "".

Elliott was diagnosed with HIV in 1987. He died of AIDS-related tuberculosis at his home on Ibiza, Spain, in 1992. His widow set up a charity, the Denholm Elliott Project, in his honour and collaborated on his biography.




Ted Nugent

Theodore Anthony "Ted" Nugent (born December 13, 1948) is an American musician, singer and songwriter. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. He moved to Palatine, Illinois during his teens. He has had many hit records as a member of different music groups. He has also had hit songs as a solo musician. 

Nugent started playing music as the guitarist for The Amboy Dukes in 1963. After the band ended, he started making music by himself. His first three albums, "Ted Nugent" (1975), "Free-for-All" (1976) and "Cat Scratch Fever" (1977), were very successful. They were certified platinum by the RIAA. His most popular songs are "Stranglehold" and "Cat Scratch Fever". In the 1980s and 1990s he was a member of Damn Yankees, a supergroup.

Nugent is also known for talking about his conservative opinions about politics. He is a supporter of gun rights, and a member of the National Rifle Association. In 2012, the Secret Service investigated Nugent because of things he said about President Barack Obama.

Kim Chwa-chin

Kim Chwa-chin(hangul:김좌진, 金佐鎭, November 24 1889 - January 24 1930) was one of politician, reform activists and independent activists of Korea. nickname was Baikya (백야, 白冶) also Chinese style name was Myungyeo (명여, 明汝).


Royce D. Applegate

Royce D. Applegate (December 25, 1939 – January 1, 2003) was an American actor and screenwriter. Born in Oklahoma, his most visible role was that of Chief Petty Officer Manilow Crocker on the first season of the Steven Spielberg-produced television series "seaQuest DSV".

In 1985, Applegate played tragic family man-turned-kidnapper Donald Brown, a bereaved father who abducts the character Sam in order to replace his own dead son, on the season premiere of "Diff'rent Strokes" last season when it moved from NBC to ABC.

Applegate portrayed Confederate General James L. Kemper in two Ronald F. Maxwell movies, "Gettysburg" (1993) and "Gods and Generals" (2003).

On New Year's Day 2003, Applegate died in his Hollywood Hills home in a fire just one week after his 63rd birthday.




James Newton Howard

James Newton Howard (born June 9, 1951) is an American composer. He is best known for his scores to movies. A score is the music that is heard during a movie. He has written the music for over 100 movies. He is now one of the most well-known composers for movies.

He has eight Academy Award nominations. Some of Howard's best known movie scores include "The Prince of Tides" (1991), "The Fugitive" (1993), "Dinosaur" (2000), "King Kong" (2005), "Batman Begins", "I Am Legend" (2007) "The Dark Knight" (2008). Recent movies include "Green Lantern" (2011), "The Hunger Games" (2012), "Snow White and the Huntsman" (2012), and "The Bourne Legacy" (2012). 

Howard is also known for working with director M. Night Shyamalan. He has scored all Shyamalan's movies since "The Sixth Sense" (1999).

From 1986 to 1987, Howard was married to actress Rosanna Arquette.

Howard stated composers like John Williams, Reginald Stewart, Eric Coates, Marty Paich, Max Steiner, Elmer Bernstein, Jimmy Van Heusen, Maurice Jarre, Jerry Goldsmith, Lalo Schifrin and John Barry as influences.

Dangriga

Dangriga, formerly known as Stann Creek Town, is a town in southern Belize. It is on the Caribbean coast at the mouth of Stann Creek. It is the capital of Belize's Stann Creek District and also the largest town in southern Belize. It is served by the Dangriga Airport.

Dangriga is a Garífuna word meaning "standing waters".


The city is served by Southern Regional Hospital.


Alexander Haig

Alexander Meigs Haig, Jr. (December 2, 1924 – February 20, 2010) was a United States Army general and diplomat.

He was the United States Secretary of State under President Ronald Reagan. He was also White House Chief of Staff under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. He also was Vice Chief of Staff of the Army. This is the second-highest ranking officer in the Army. He was in charge of all US and NATO forces in Europe.

Haig was a veteran of the Korean War and Vietnam War. He received the Distinguished Service Cross, the Silver Star with oak leaf cluster, and the Purple Heart.

On February 20, 2010, Haig died from complications from a staphylococcal infection, aged 85.

Haig was born in Pennsylvania and had two siblings. His father died when he was young and he was raised by his mother. Haig went to college at Notre Dame University for two years before switching to the United States Military Academy. He later attended Columbia and Georgetown to get his masters. While in the army, he served in the Korean War in several major battles. He served as a commander in the Vietnam War. At one point, his helicopter was shot down and he saw two days of violent hand-to-hand combat. He was awarded the Purple Heart and Distinguished Flying Cross for his notable bravery in wartime.

In 1969, President Richard Nixon made him a national security advisor. Haig helped negotiate the ceasefire in the Vietnam War. Nixon promoted him to White House Chief of Staff after H. R. Haldeman resigned facing criminal charges. Haig has been praised by many people by keeping the government running during the Watergate scandal that brought down Nixon. Haig has even been called an "acting president" during the last days of Nixon's administration. When Nixon was forced to resign, Haig helped the new president Gerald Ford. He remained Chief of Staff during Ford's administration.

In 1974, Haig became Supreme Allied Commander of Europe, a job that made him the head of all NATO forces. In 1979 he survived an assassination attempt. In 1979, he retired from the army as a four star general. After this he was on the board of a number of companies. In 1981, Ronald Reagan appointed him as Secretary of State. In this new job, Haig was the head of US foreign policy. Haig believed that the US should take a strong stand against the Soviet Union.

In March 1981, Reagan was shot by John Hinckley, Jr., a mentally ill man in Washington DC. Vice President George Bush was on a plane, and Haig was put in charge of the government until Bush could be reached. He told reporters that "I am in control here." Reagan made a full recovery.

In 1982, after Argentina invaded the Falkland Islands, Haig tried to solve the crisis peacefully by bringing UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and Argentinian dictator Leopoldo Galtieri to negotiate. No solution was reached and the crisis ended with the full blown Falklands War between the two countries. The British won the war, and Galtieri's regime collapsed. In July 1982, Haig retired from the State Department. Reagan nominated George Schultz as the new Secretary of State.

Haig ran for President in 1988, but George Bush beat him. Haig was involved in a number of businesses after leaving office. He also advised several presidents, who wanted his expertise in foreign policy. In 2006, President George W. Bush held a meeting of ten former State and Defense Secretaries. Haig was at the meeting. He published his memoirs in 1992.

Haig died of natural causes on February 20, 2010. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.


Kathryn Grayson

Kathryn Grayson (February 9, 1922 - February 17, 2010) was an American actress and operatic soprano singer.

Grayson trained as an opera singer starting at age 12. She was under contract to MGM by the early 1940s. Most of her work was in musicals. She was the lead in movies such as "Thousands Cheer" (1943), "Anchors Aweigh" (1945) with Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly,"Show Boat" (1951) and "Kiss Me Kate" (1953) (both with Howard Keel).

Musicals stopped being popular. She then worked in theatre. She was in "Camelot" (1962–1964). Later in the decade she was in several operas, including "La bohème", "Madama Butterfly", "Orpheus in the Underworld" and "La traviata".

Grayson died in her sleep at her home in Los Angeles, California on February 17, 2010, aged 88.


Kurt Kasznar

Kurt Kasznar (born Kurt Servischer; August 12, 1913 – August 6, 1979) was a stage, movie and television actor. His movies include: "Waiting for Godot", "The Sound of Music" and "Barefoot in the Park". 

Kasznar was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary. He married American heiress Cornelia Woolley. This was after her 1939 divorce from her second husband. She died at home unexpectedly in June 1948, at age 48. At the time, Kasznar was performing in John Houseman's Broadway production of "Joy to the World".

Kasznar met his second wife, actress Leora Dana, when they worked together in the Broadway production of "The Happy Time" (1950). That marriage ended in divorce.

Kasznar died August 6, 1979, in Santa Monica, California. This was 10 months after being diagnosed with cancer. He had no known survivors.



Jeff Garlin

Jeffrey "Jeff" Garlin (born June 5, 1962) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, voice artist, director, writer and author. He is best known for playing Murray Goldberg on the ABC sitcom "The Goldbergs" and Jeff Greene on the HBO sitcom "Curb Your Enthusiasm". He is also a producer on the show.

Garlin was born in Chicago, Illinois. He grew up in Morton Grove, Illinois. Garlin is Jewish.


Nipsey Russell

Julius "Nipsey" Russell (September 15, 1918 – October 2, 2005) was an American comedian and movie actor. 

He is best known for being a guest panelist on TV game shows from the 1960s through the 1990s. The game shows, where he appeared, include: "Match Game", "Password", "Hollywood Squares", "To Tell the Truth" and "Pyramid". He would tell short, humorous poems. Because of those poems, people like "Bandstand" leader Dick Clark, host Bill Cullen, actress Betty White, and others called him "the poet laureate of television." 

He also was in the movie "The Wiz" as the Tin Man. He was a guest many times on the long-running "Dean Martin Celebrity Roast" series.

He died on October 2, 2005 in New York City, U.S. He had stomach cancer. His ashes were scattered into the Atlantic Ocean.


Richard Roundtree

Richard Arnold Roundtree (July 9, 1942 – October 24, 2023) was an American movie actor and fashion model. He portrayed John Shaft in the 1971 movie "Shaft" and its related sequels. He was also in many other movies.

Roundtree was born on July 9, 1942, in New Rochelle, New York. His parents were John Roundtree and Kathryn Watkins. He graduated from New Rochelle High School in 1961. During high school, he was a part of the school's highly successful football team. After completing high school, Roundtree went on to attend Southern Illinois University in Carbondale, Illinois. In 1963, he decided to leave college and pursue a career in acting.

At the age of 81, Roundtree died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Los Angeles on October 24, 2023.

He has been called "the first Black action hero". Roundtree was seen to have an impact on the rise of African American leading actors in Hollywood projects, thanks to his successful roles in the blaxploitation genre. His role as Shaft was seen as a bold, confident, and charismatic person that also inspired cinematic roles of Black men and Black masculinity, whereas before Black men in movies before "Shaft" were seen as gentle and aimed to please others.

Gerald McRaney

Gerald Lee "Mac" McRaney (born August 19, 1947) is an American television and movie actor. McRaney is best known as one of the stars of the television shows "Simon & Simon", "Major Dad", and "Promised Land". He was a series regular for the first season of "Jericho", and the final season of "Deadwood".

McRaney was born in Collins, Mississippi. He is of Scottish and Choctaw Indian ancestry. He went to college at the University of Mississippi. McRaney worked in the Louisiana oil fields before becoming an actor.

He is a conservative Republican. He is a member of the National Rifle Association of America.

McRaney was married to Beverly Root from 1967 until they divorced in 1971. They had two children. He was married to Pat Moran from 1981 to 1989. They had a child. He married Delta Burke in 1989.

Roberts Blossom

Roberts Scott Blossom (March 25, 1924 – July 8, 2011) was an American theater, movie and television actor and poet. He is best known for being Old Man Marley in "Home Alone" and as Ezra Cobb in the horror movie "Deranged". He is also remembered for his supporting roles in movies such as "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Escape from Alcatraz".

Blossom died on July 8, 2011 at the age of 87 of cerebrovascular disease. He is survived by his wife Beverly Schmidt and his two children.



Dennis Weaver

William 'Billy' Dennis Weaver (June 4, 1924 – February 24, 2006) was an American actor. He was best known for his work in television. His TV roles included Chester Goode on the long-running western series "Gunsmoke", Marshal Sam McCloud on the NBC police drama "McCloud". He was in the 1971 TV movie "Duel". He has won an Emmy Award in 1959.

Weaver was born on June 4, 1924 in Joplin, Missouri. He studied at Joplin Junior College and at the University of Oklahoma. He was married to Gerry Stowell from 1945 until his death in 2006. They had three children. Weaver died of complications of cancer at his home in Ridgway, Colorado on February 24, 2006.



George Lindsey

George Lindsey (December 17, 1928 – May 6, 2012) was an American actor. He is best known as "Goober Pyle" on "The Andy Griffith Show", "Mayberry R.F.D." He also was on "Hee-Haw".

George Smith Lindsey was born in Fairfield, Alabama on December 17, 1928.

The character he played on "The Andy Griffith Show" was the cousin of Gomer Pyle. Gomer was played by Jim Nabors. One funny thing Goober did on the show was the "Goober Dance". It was a bad Cary Grant impression.

Lindsey died on May 6, 2012 in Nashville, Tennessee after a short illness. He was 83 years old. He is buried at Oak Hill Cemetery in his hometown of Jasper, Alabama.


Megumi Takase

Takase was born in Kitami on November 10, 1990. After graduating from Hokkaido Bunkyo University Meisei High School, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2009. In 2009 season, she was selected Best Young Player awards. In 2012, she scored 20 goals in 18 games and became top scorer. she was also selected MVP awards.

On January 15, 2010, Takase debuted for the Japan national team against Chile. In July, she was selected to play for the Japan U-20 national team at the 2010 U-20 World Cup. She was a member of Japan's squad for the 2011 World Cup and the 2012 Summer Olympics. Japan won the championship at the 2011 World Cup and won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In Asia, she was also a squad member for the 2010 Asian Games and the 2014 Asian Cup. Japan won the championship at both tournaments. She played 61 games and scored 9 goals for Japan until 2016.


Yukari Kinga

Kinga was born in Yokohama on May 2, 1984. After graduating from Shonan Gakuin High School, she joined Nippon TV Beleza in 2003. She was playing as attacking midfielder and right-winger. In 2003 season, she was selected Best Young Player awards. From 2007, she was converted to right-sideback. The club won Nadeshiko League championship 5 times. In 2011, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa with international player Homare Sawa, Shinobu Ohno and Chiaki Minamiyama for due to financial strain at the club. At INAC Kobe Leonessa, the club won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (2011–2013). She was selected Best Eleven for 6 years in a row (2007–2012). In 2014, she moved to Arsenal. She re-signed with INAC Kobe Leonessa in early 2015. From 2016, she played for Canberra United, Melbourne City and Orca Kamogawa FC. In 2021, she signed with new club, Sanfrecce Hiroshima Regina.

In August 2002, Kinga was selected by the Japan U-20 national team for the 2002 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship. On March 29, 2005, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. She was playing as attacking midfielder and right-winger. From 2007, she was converted to right-back by manager Hiroshi Ohashi and she became a regular player. Japan won the 2011 World Cup in which Kinga played in the final, came second in the 2015 World Cup and gained a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She played 100 games and scored 5 goals for Japan until 2016.


Takeichi Nishi

Nishi won a gold medal in show jumping at the 1932 Summer Olympics at Los Angeles. He was also on the Japanese team at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.

He was a tank unit commander at the Battle of Iwo Jima. He was killed in action during the defense of the Japanese island of Iwo Jima.

In the 2006 American film "Letters from Iwo Jima", Nishi was played by Korean-Japanese actor Tsuyoshi Ihara.



David Hasselhoff

David Hasselhoff (born July 17, 1952) is an American actor, singer, producer, television personality, and businessman. He is best known for his lead roles in the popular 1980s show "Knight Rider" and in the 1990s series "Baywatch". He was also in the eleventh season of "Dancing with the Stars" in September 2010.

Hasselhoff was born in Baltimore, Maryland and grew up in Jacksonville, Florida and Atlanta, Georgia.

Redd Foxx

John Elroy Sanford (much better known as Redd Foxx (December 9, 1922 – October 11, 1991) was a television program actor and stand up comedian who also starred in movies. He was born in St. Louis. He acted in numerous television sitcoms. 

Redd Foxx is one of the best-known comedians and actors of the late twentieth century. He was often vulgar, raunchy, and politically incorrect, but to millions of Americans, he was also the funniest person on television. His standup routines were huge hits, influencing scores of comedians to follow. His crass performances drew the ire of critics long before the likes of Eddie Murphy and Chris Rock, but the role that made his a household name was that of Fred Sanford on the show Sanford and Son. The TV show was a huge hit at a time when there were few black stars on television.

Foxx's comedic talent was showcased early in life as he worked the nightclubs around St. Louis as a teenager. He left home at sixteen and got into trouble with the law on numerous occasions, especially after he joined a New York street gang. It was during this time that he befriended another up-and-coming black man who would later become known as Malcolm X. He worked every nightclub he could find as he developed his style during the early 1940s. Part of the reputation he developed in the clubs was that of a foul mouth, which was a big draw for some crowds but limited his appeal to larger audiences.

He worked the so-called “chitlin’ circuit,” where black clubs became the training grounds for larger venues that he would later sell out. He came up with a new stage name in the clubs, combining his nickname “Red” with the last name of the baseball star Jimmie Foxx.

During the 1950s and 1960s, Sanford drew larger audiences to his shows and sold a large number of comedy albums. His audience was still largely African American men, but times were changing and his comedy was beginning to reach people from all walks of life. He landed a movie role in the film Cotton Comes to Harlem in 1970, which was the springboard he needed to finally become a household name.

Soon after his first movie role, television producer Norman Lear approached Sanford about starring in his own show. The show was based on a popular British comedy, but in America it took the name of Sanford and Son. The show was set in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles and gave many white Americans their first real look inside the lives of black families. He played Fred Sanford, the lovable junk dealer who was always bickering with his son. The show was an hit across racial lines, lasting 5 years and leading to more roles and more stardom.

Sanford went on to star in a number of other TV shows, including "The Redd Foxx Comedy Hour" and "The Redd Foxx Show". He used his immense popularity to garner even more movie roles for himself. In the late 1980s, he starred with Eddie Murphy in the critically acclaimed Harlem Nights, and worked the Las Vegas comedy circuit. His life came to a sudden end doing what he loved to do. He was shooting a new sitcom, The Royal Family, when he died from a heart attack in 1991.

Sanford’s body of work continues to entertain a new generation of fans even today while continuing to rack up accolades. During his life, he became one of the small number of performers to have the lead role in a television show on each of the big three networks, Sanford and Son on NBC, The Royal Family on CBS, and The Redd Foxx Comedy Hour on ABC. His character, Fred Sanford on Sanford and Son, was ranked No. 42 in TV Guide’s list of the “50 Greatest TV Dads of All Time.”

Foxx died in Los Angeles at age 68 from a heart attack.

Hyoid

The hyoid is a horseshoe-shaped bone in the front of the neck. between the chin and the thyroid cartilage (Adam's apple). At rest, it lies at the level of the mandible in the front and the third cervical vertebra behind.
Unlike other bones, the hyoid is not directly connected to other bones. It is connected only to muscles and ligaments. The hyoid aids in tongue movement and swallowing. The hyoid bone provides attachment to the muscles of the floor of the mouth and the tongue above, the larynx below, and the epiglottis and pharynx behind.

Due to its position, the hyoid bone does not fracture easily. In a suspected case of murder, a fractured hyoid strongly indicates throttling or strangulation However, this is not the case in children and adolescents, because their hyoid bone is still flexible as ossification is yet to be completed.

Quantum electrodynamics

Quantum electrodynamics (also called QED for short) is the quantum theory of electricity and magnetism. QED describes how electric and magnetic forces work on the scale of things smaller than atoms. QED also describes how single photons of light behave. QED is one of the most well-tested theories in physics.

Sashimi

The most popular fish in sashimi include:

The art of making sashimi is in the choice of fish and the way it is cut into pieces. 


Molly Ivins

Mary Tyler "Molly" Ivins (August 30, 1944-January 31, 2007) was an American journalist, author and political commentator. She worked for numerous newspapers, including the "Minneapolis Star Tribune". She was the writer of many books. She died of severe breast cancer.

In 2005, Ivins received the Courage in Journalism Award.

George Wendt

George Robert Wendt (born October 17, 1948 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American television, voice, stage and movie actor. He is known for his role as Norm Peterson in the comedy show "Cheers". He has also appeared in Michael Jackson's music video "Black or White". He hosted his own show, "The George Wendt Show", before it was cancelled in April 1995. He is currently married to Bernadette Birkett since 1978 and have three children together and two step-children.


Kelsey Grammer

Allen Kelsey Grammer (born February 21, 1955) is an American television, voice, and movie actor. He is known for his role as Dr. Frasier Crane in "Cheers", "Frasier", and in "Wings". He was good friends with late producer David Angell. He won five Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards.

Grammer was born on February 21, 1955 in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. He was married four times. First to Doreen Alderman from 1982 until they divorced in 1990, they had 1 child. Second to Leigh-Anne Csuhany from 1992 until they divorced a year later in 1993. Third to Camille Donatacci from 1997 until his divorced in 2011, they had 2 children. He has been married to Kayte Walsh since 2011, they have one child.

Grammer is a member of the Republican Party and has expressed an interest in someday running for United States Congress. He is also interested in running for Mayor of New York City. He is supportive of same-sex marriage and a staunch advocate of limited government. Grammar has also denied climate change, comparing it to the conspiracy theory of global cooling in his youth and criticising climate meetings. He supports Brexit.

Grammer supports gun rights. A public profile once described him as a supportive of abortion, but he has also been described as pro-life.


Molly Shannon

Molly Helen Shannon (born September 16, 1964) is an American television actress and comedian. She is best known for being on "Saturday Night Live" (1995-2001). She appeared in many movies in leading and supporting roles. She was born near Cleveland, Ohio.

Dee Wallace

Deanna Bowers (born December 14 1948), better known as Dee Wallace, is an American actress.


David Angell

David Lawrence Angell (April 10, 1946 – September 11, 2001) was an American producer for television shows. He was mostly known for his production work on "Frasier", "Cheers", and "Wings". He was friends with actor Kelsey Grammer.

He was born in Barrington, Rhode Island. He was married to Lynn Edwards from 1971 until their deaths in 2001. Angell died in the North Tower on September 11, 2001 after the hjack of American Airlines Flight 11 along with his wife of thirty years, Lynn Angell. Their names are on the National 9/11 Memorial.

Neomorphinae

Neomorphinae is a subfamily of the cuckoo family, Cuculidae. The birds in this group live in the Americas and are terrestrial, meaning they live on the ground. But the two genera, "Dromococcyx" and "Tapera", are more arboreal, meaning they live in trees. Birds in this group are known as ""New World ground cuckoos"".

All birds in this group are long-legged and long-tailed. They come in different sizes. The species in the genus "Geococcyx" are around long. The smallest bird in this group, the striped cuckoo, is long.

New World ground cuckoos are omnivores, meaning they eat both meat and plants. They eat many types of insects like grasshoppers, beetles, and caterpillars, arachnids like spiders and scorpions, snakes like rattlesnakes, lizards, other birds and bird eggs, small mammals like mice, small, young rabbits and bats. They also eat seeds and fruits.

New World ground cuckoos are found in forests, woodlands and deserts all over the Americas.

Genus: "Tapera"

Genus: "Neomorphus"

Genus: "Morococcyx"

Genus: "Geococcyx"

Genus: "Dromococcyx"


Backpropagation

Backpropagation is a method of training neural networks to perform tasks more accurately. The algorithm was first used for this purpose in 1974 in papers published by Werbos, Rumelhart, Hinton, and Williams. The term backpropagation is short for "backward propagation of errors".

It works especially well for feed forward neural networks (networks without any loops) and problems that require supervised learning.

The idea is to test how wrong the neural network is and then correct it. This is repeated many times.

With a little more detail:

This is repeated until the neural network is good enough at its job -i.e., its error as measured by the loss function is low.

Schottenstein campus

The Jay and Jeanie Schottenstein National Campus for the Archaeology of Israel () is the new building for the Israel Antiquities Authority. It is being built between the Israel Museum and the Bible Lands Museum in Jerusalem. The architect is Moshe Safdie. The cornerstone ceremony was held on 15 October 2006 and plans to open in October 2012. The building will be the home of the World Center for the Dead Sea Scrolls, and will have all the 15,000 Dead Sea scrolls.


Kiryat HaLeom

Kiryat HaLeom (; "The Nation City"), also known as Kiryat HaUma (; "The People's City"), is a big project in West Jerusalem that will include all of the Israeli government buildings and the national cultural institutions. The project is near Kiryat HaMemshala, the Knesset, and Wohl Rose Park, in the northern part of Givat Ram.

The project will include a national boulevard and square, and many parking spaces and pedestrian streets.


Ouro Preto

Ouro Preto (from Portuguese, Black Gold) is a town in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil. It is at the geographic coordinates . It is at an altitude of 1116 meters on the slope of a rocky hill. In 2010, there were about 70,227 people living there.

Ouro Preto had a lot of gold in the ground. The gold was taken by Portuguese colonists, who used slave labor.

Ouro Preto was founded in 1711 by combining several villages. In the same year it became the headquarters of the village council, with the appointment of Vila Rica (Villa Rica). In the year 1720, Ouro Preto was chosen as the new capital of Minas Gerais. In 1823, the town was upgraded to being a city as the designation of Ouro Preto. In 1839 he created the School of Pharmacy and in 1876 the School of Mines. It was the capital of the province and later the state of Minas Gerais until 1897.

It was the first Brazilian city to be declared by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, Historical and Cultural Heritage of Humanity in 1980.

Population: Data from the 2010 Census (IBGE)

The city is linked by good roads to:

Bordering municipalities are:

Ouro Preto has a humid subtropical climate ("Cwa", according to the Köppen climate classification), with warm and humid summers and mild, dry winters.

Ouro Preto has rocky fields, woods of Araucaria (Pinhais), and forests. Most plant life in Ouro Preto is brushland.


Anita Baker

Anita Baker (born January 26, 1958, in Toledo, Ohio, and raised in Detroit, Michigan) is a singer and recording artist. She has had multiple studio records with hit songs. She was born near Toledo, Ohio. She was raised around Detroit. She received several Grammy Awards due to her numerous recordings, mostly during the 1980s, in which decade she was extremely popular.

Karina Maruyama

Maruyama was born in Ota, Tokyo on 26 March 1983. After graduating from Nippon Sport Science University, she joined TEPCO Mareeze in 2005 and was assigned to the section of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. She was selected Best Young Player awards in 2005 season. She played for the club until 2009 season, in 2010 she went to United States. In September, she returned to Japan and joined JEF United Chiba. In 2012, she moved to Speranza FC Osaka-Takatsuki (later "Konomiya Speranza Osaka-Takatsuki"). She retired at the end of the 2016 season.

In August 2002, Maruyama was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. In October, she was selected the Japan national team for 2002 Asian Games. At this competition, on 2 October, she debuted against North Korea. She played in World Cup 2 times (2003 and 2011) and Summer Olympics 3 times (2004, 2008 and 2012). In the 2011 World Cup in Germany, she scored the only goal of the game, defeating the host country and taking Japan to its first ever semifinals of the tournament. She played as a substitute in the final as Japan defeated the United States. At 2012 Summer Olympics, Japan won the silver medal. She played 79 games and scored 14 goals for Japan until 2014.

In September 2020, Maruyama married a former footballer Kenji Honnami. Honnami was a manager of Konomiya Speranza Osaka-Takatsuki when Maruyama played for the club from 2012 to 2016.

Shinobu Ohno

Ohno was born in Zama on January 23, 1984. She played for Nippon TV Beleza from 1999 to 2010. In 12 seasons, she played 192 matches and scored 136 goals. She became top scorer 3 times (2007, 2008 and 2010) and she was selected MVP awards 3 times (2005, 2007 and 2010). She was also selected Best Eleven 8 times (2001, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010). The club won Nadeshiko League championship 8 times and 2nd position 4 times. In 2011, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa. In 2011 season, she became top scorer with teammate Nahomi Kawasumi. From 2013, she played for Olympique Lyonnais (2013), AS Elfen Sayama FC (2013), Arsenal WFC (2014), INAC Kobe Leonessa (2015-2017) and Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara (2018-2019). She retired end of 2019 season.

In August 2002, Ohno was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. She played 4 games and scored 3 goals. On January 12, 2003, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. Her first major tournament was the 2006 Asian Cup, where Japan placed fourth. The following year she played in the 2007 World Cup, but Japan fell in the group stage. She also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2011 World Cup, where she scored a goal in the group stage match against Mexico as Japan won the championship. Ohno started the final against the United States. She then competed for the Japanese silver medal-winning team at the 2012 Summer Olympics. At 2015 World Cup, Japan won 2nd position. At 2016 Summer Olympics qualifying tournament, following Japan's failure to qualify for the 2016 Summer Olympics. This qualifying became her last match for Japan. She played 139 games and scored 40 goals for Japan until 2016.


Megumi Kamionobe

Kamionobe was born in Yokohama on 15 March 1986. After graduating from Musashigaoka College, she joined Albirex Niigata in 2006. She was selected Best Eleven 5 times (2009, 2010, 2014, 2015 and 2016).

On 1 August 2009, Kamionobe debuted for the Japan national team against France. She was a member Japan's squad for the 2011 and 2015 World Cups. Japan won the World Cup in 2011 and came second in 2015. In Asia, she was also a squad member at the 2010 Asian Games and the 2014 Asian Cup. Japan won the championship at both tournaments. She played 34 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2016.


James Herbert Brennan

James Herbert Brennan (5 July 1940 – 1 January 2024) an Irish writer of fantasy literature and occultism.

His most known work is the book titled ""Occult Reich"", published in 1974. The book explains various aspects of the Ariosophy. Brennan is also the author of the quest game "The search for the Grail", published in the 1980s. He sold millions of copies worldwide of this quest game, mainly in France.

Brennan died on 1 January 2024 at the age of 83.





Annabella Sciorra

Annabella Sciorra (born March 29, 1960) is an American television and movie actress. Her parents are of Italian origin. She has performed in television programs and movies. She was featured in Spike Lee's 1991 "Jungle Fever". Other notable movies she starred in include "Internal Affairs" (1990), "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle" (1992) and "Romeo Is Bleeding" (1993). Sciorra was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

Monte Fitz Roy

Monte Fitz Roy (also known as Cerro Chaltén, Cerro Fitz Roy, or simply Mount Fitz Roy) is a mountain in the border between Argentina and Chile that is located near the village of El Chaltén that is in Argentina. . It is in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in Patagonia. The mountain is 3375 metre high. It was first climbed in 1952 by French mountain climbers Lionel Terray and Guido Magnone. It is one of the most difficult mountains to climb on Earth. The clothing label, Patagonia, used Monte Fitz Roy as the idea for their logo, after Yvon Chouinard climbed the mountain in 1968 and made a movie about it.

Francisco Moreno first saw the mountain on 2 March 1877. He named it Fitz Roy, in honour of Robert Fitz Roy. Fitz Roy was captain of HMS Beagle and had travelled up the Santa Cruz River in 1834 and made maps of large parts of the Patagonian coast .

"Cerro" is a Spanish word meaning hill, while "Chaltén" is a Tehuelche word meaning smoking mountain, as they believe it was a volcano for its peak is most of the time covered by clouds.

Fitz Roy is a huge pyramid shaped granite monolith, carved by the winds, snow and ice. Fitz Roy is made of igneous rocks from deep in the Earth. When large tectonic plates collided about 100 million years, magma escaped between these plates and solidified between other rocks. The erosion of these rocks led to the formation of the mountain.

There are no plants on the bare walls of the summit. In the steep foothills, below the summit there are forests of beech and vast plains of short vegetation adapted to extreme climatic conditions

Animals are very rare in the region of Fitz Roy. There are a few eagles and rabbits.




Saori Ariyoshi

Ariyoshi was born in Saga on November 1, 1987. In 2008, when she was at Nippon Sport Science University, she debuted in the Nadeshiko League for TEPCO Mareeze. After graduating, she joined Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") in 2010. She played 175 matches for the club. She was selected for the Best Eleven four years in a row, from 2013 to 2016). In 2021, she moved to Omiya Ardija Ventus with teammate Mizuho Sakaguchi.

In February 2012, Ariyoshi was selected the Japan national team for 2012 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on February 29, she debuted against Norway. In 2014, she played at 2014 Asian Cup and 2014 Asian Games. Japan won the championship at Asian Cup and the 2nd place at Asian Games. In 2015, played at 2015 World Cup and Japan won the 2nd place. She played 6 matches and scored a goal. She was named candidates for the Golden Ball at the tournament. She was also a member for 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won their second consecutive title. She played 65 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2019.


Ami Otaki

Otaki was born in Hiratsuka on July 28, 1989. After graduating from Waseda University, she joined French Division 1 club Olympique Lyonnais in 2012. The club won 2011–12 UEFA Champions League. In June 2013, she returned to Japan and joined Urawa Reds. In December 2014, she moved to the French club En Avant Guingamp. In May 2015, she retired end of 2014–15 season. In 2016, Otaki took a year away from football to participate in the 17th edition of the FIFA Master. She graduated in July 2017 and later that month signed a one-year contract with Paris FC. In January 2018, she returned to Japan and joined NHK Spring Yokohama FC Seagulls. In 2019, she moved to JEF United Chiba.

On June 20, 2012, Otaki debuted for the Japan national team against Sweden. She played 3 games for Japan until 2013.

Erina Yamane

Yamane was born in Hiroshima on December 20, 1990. After graduating from JFA Academy Fukushima, she joined TEPCO Mareeze based in Fukushima Prefecture club in 2009. However, the club was disbanded for Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. She moved to JEF United Chiba in 2012.She played 92 matches in Nadeshiko League. She left the club in July 2017. In August, she joined Spanish Primera División club Real Betis. She played for the club in 2 seasons. In August 2019, she returned to JEF United Chiba. She retired end of 2020 season.

In November 2008, Yamane was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. On January 15, 2010, she debuted for the Japan national team against Chile. In July, she was selected Japan U-20 team for 2010 U-20 World Cup. In 2014, she was a member for 2014 Asian Cup and 2014 Asian Games. Japan won the championship at Asian Cup and the 2nd place at Asian Games. In 2015, she also played at 2015 World Cup and Japan won the 2nd place. She played 26 games for Japan until 2019.


Irregular galaxy

An irregular galaxy is a galaxy that does not have a distinct regular shape, like a spiral or an elliptical galaxy.

Irregular galaxies do not fall into any of the regular types of the Hubble sequence. They do not have a bulge in the centre, nor any trace of spiral structure. They are quite common: they may make up a quarter of all galaxies. Most were once spiral or elliptical galaxies but were deformed by gravitational pull. Irregular galaxies also contain abundant amounts of gas and dust.

There are three sorts of irregular galaxies:


The Magellanic Cloud galaxies were once classified as irregular galaxies, but have since been found to contain barred spiral structures.

Adèle Dumilâtre

Adèle Alphonsine Dumilâtre (30 June 18214 May 1909) was a French ballerina associated with the romantic ballet. She was born in Paris to Michel Dumilâtre, an actor in the Comédie-Française. He hoped she would become a tragedienne, but her dance talent led her to the ballet of the Paris Opéra. She performed from 1840 to 1848. She rose quickly from minor parts to principal roles. At eighteen she danced "La Sylphide". She created the roles of Myrtha in "Giselle" and the title role in "Lady Henriette". Rich gentlemen sustained her power at the Opéra. She danced in Milan and London where she created the title role in "The Marble Maiden" (1845) by Arthur Saint-Léon. She married Louis Drake y del Castillo in 1848 and bore him three children. She died in Paris and was buried in the Montmartre Cemetery. Her older sister Sophie was also a prominent Parisian ballerina.

Rhea Perlman

Rhea Jo Perlman (born March 31, 1948) is an American television, movie actress, and writer. She is best known for her role as Carla Tortelli in "Cheers". She was born in Brooklyn, New York City. Perlman is married to actor Danny DeVito. They have three children together. Perlman has won four Emmy Awards.


Stacy Keach

Walter Stacy Keach, Jr. (born June 2, 1941 in Savannah, Georgia) is an American television, voice, stage, narrator, and movie actor. He is mostly known for his dramatic roles and guest star appearances. Keach is also known for his role as Ken in "Titus". Keach is a Golden Globe Award winning actor.

Keach was born in Savannah, Georgia on June 2, 1941 to Mary Cain (née Peckham) and to Walter Stacy Keach. Keach was married four times. First to Kathryn Baker from 1964 until they divorced. Second to Marilyn Aiken from 1975 until they divorced. Thirdly to Jill Donahue from 1981 until they divorced 1986. He has been married to Malgosia Tomassi since 1986.


Harry Harrison

Harry Harrison (born Henry Maxwell Dempsey; March 12, 1925 – August 15, 2012) was an American science fiction author. He was best known for his character the Stainless Steel Rat and the novel "Make Room! Make Room!" (1966). 

Harrison was born in Stamford, Connecticut. Harrison was married to Joan Merkler Harrison from 1930 until her death in 2002. They had two children. Harrison died on August 15, 2012 in his home in Brighton, England. 


Dayana Mendoza

Dayana Sabrina Mendoza Moncada (born June 1, 1986) is a model and beauty pageant titleholder, who won Miss Venezuela 2007 and Miss Universe 2008. She also received the honor of crowning Stefanía Fernández as Miss Universe 2009. Eighteen-year-old Fernández was a fellow Venezuelan, and Dayana became the first Miss Universe to crown a compatriot. 

Dayana is 34 years old. She won Miss Venezuela 2007, and also Miss Universe 2008. 

Dayana was born on June 1st, 1986, in Caracas, Venezuela to Willy and Maria Auxiliadora de Mendoza, and has a younger sister called Daniela, and grew up in the Venezuelan state of Amazonas. 

Dayana was once kidnapped in Venezuela, and stated that its psychological trauma taught her, to remain poised under pressure.

Young Dayana married Michael Pagano in 2013, when she was just 27 years old. In 2016 their marriage ended, however. They have a daughter, Eva. 
In 2001 Dayana signed with Elite modeling agency and paraded in Spain, Italy, France, USA, England, Greece and Germany for Versace, Roberto Cavalli and other designers.

She was the host of the TV show "Relaxed" for the network E! Entertainment Latin America.

She also participated in the fifth season of "The Celebrity Apprentice" (corresponding to the season twelve of "The Apprentice"), a program hosted by Donald Trump. 

Mendoza beat out 27 other candidates to win Miss Venezuela 2007 on September 13, 2007, in Caracas, and became only the second woman representing the Amazonas state to win, following Carolina Izsak in 1991. 

Dayana was just twenty-two when she was crowned Miss Universe 2008 at the pageant at the Crown Convention Center, Nha Trang, Vietnam, on July 13, 2008. She became the first winner of the pageant from Venezuela since Miss Universe 1996's winner Alicia Machado, thus making her the first Venezuelan Miss Universe in the 21st century.

Miss Universe 2007 Riyo Mori crowned her with a tiara worth US$120,000. Her prize package includes cash, a year contract promoting Miss Universe, world travel, a rent-free prestigious New York City apartment, a luxury apartment, and a gift bag stuffed with designer shoes, dresses and beauty products, a US$100,000 stipend for a two-year course at the New York Film Academy and free access to famous fashion houses and beauty parlors. Dayana kindly spent her year-long reign traveling the world to lecture on humanitarian issues and to promote education regarding HIV/AIDS.

As of June 2009, Dayana as Miss Universe has traveled to Indonesia, Singapore, Italy, Vatican City, Spain, France, Nicaragua, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Bahamas, Russia, El Salvador, the United Arab Emirates, Brazil, the Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Bolivia, Argentina, Romania, and Vietnam, in addition to numerous trips around the United States and her homecoming in Venezuela! Together with Miss Universe 1969 Gloria Diaz, Mendoza was the goodwill ambassador of Venezuela-based technology firm Smartmatic to thank the Philippines for entrusting the company the success of their 2010 presidential elections.

Dayana is concerned about humanitarian issues, such as AIDS awareness, and domestic violence prevention. So, she wrote, directed and produced the short film "Honey" to raise awareness about domestic violence. 

Dayana got an honour on August 23, 2009, in Nassau, Bahamas, when she got to crown a compatriot, Stefanía Fernández, as Miss Universe 2009. She was the first person to crown a compatriot as Miss Universe. 

After photos of Mendoza modeling naked for a jewelry firm surfaced, officials from the Miss Universe Organization decided against penalizing her, saying that the candid photos were not pornographic but "artistic in nature, and they don't have an ounce of pornographic content to them."

On 27 March 2009, Dayana documented a visit to Guantanamo Bay detention camp on her blog. In it, she was quoted as saying, "Guantanamo was such a relaxing place, so calm and beautiful". She also stated that when she visited the detainees camps, "...we saw the jails, where they shower, how the recreate themselves with movies, classes of art, books. It was very interesting". 

In her home country, Venezuela, the issue became the talk of the town, with the president, Hugo Chávez, reconsidering the praise he had previously given her. The Miss Universe Organization has replied that "...[her] comments on her blog were in reference to the hospitality she received while meeting the members of the U.S. military and their families who are stationed in Guantánamo". On 1 April 2009, the entry vanished from her blog.


Maurice Sendak

Maurice Bernard Sendak (June 10, 1928 – May 8, 2012) was an American writer and illustrator of children's literature. He was best known for his book "Where the Wild Things Are" which was released in 1963.

Sendak was born on June 10, 1928 in Brooklyn, New York City. His parents were Sadie (née Schindler) and Philip Sendak. Sendak was a homosexual and had a partner Dr. Eugene Glynn from 1957 until 2007 when Glynn died.

Sendak died on May 8, 2012 in his home in Danbury, Connecticut from a stroke. He was 83 years old.
His remains were cremated.


Harrison Ford (silent movie actor)

Harrison Ford (March 16, 1884 – December 2, 1957) was an American stage and movie actor. He was a leading Broadway theatre performer and a star of the silent film era. 

Ford was born in Kansas City, Missouri on March 16, 1884. Ford died on December 2, 1957 after being run-over by a car in the early 1950s. He was not related to the living actor with the same name. He was married to actress to Beatrice Prentice from 1909 until his death in 1957. Ford died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California after being run over by a car on December 2, 1957, aged 73.


Stefanía Fernández

Stefanía Fernández Krupij* (born September 4, 1990) is a Venezuelan beauty pageant titleholder, humanitarian and political activist who participated in the 2014 Venezuela Protests, and was awarded Miss Venezuela 2008 as well as Miss Universe 2009 titles. Fernández is also the face of Avon Products, and was listed among the 50 Most Beautiful People list by "People en Español". She has participated in many humanitarian activities, including fighting for AIDs awareness and fighting against human rights violations. Fernández also earned a Guinness record by becoming the first Miss Universe winner who was crowned by a compatriot.

Fernández was born on Tuesday, September 4, 1990, in Mérida, Venezuela, to Nadia Krupij Holojad and José Luis Fernández. She is of Ukrainian, Spanish (Galician), Russian and Polish origin. Her Ukrainian maternal grandfather immigrated from the Soviet Union during the period of Communist rule.

Fernández lives in Bogota, Colombia with her husband, Bernardo Ausaje, an investor, who she wedded in Colombia on May 6, 2017.

Fernández has participated in political protest, and humane causes. During her time as Miss Universe, she traveled to many countries to spread AIDs awareness and participated in the 2014 Venezuela revolts.

Fernández won the Miss Venezuela 2008 title in a pageant held in Caracas on September 10, 2008. She was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, Dayana Mendoza, Miss Venezuela 2007 and Miss Universe 2008. She was also awarded ""Miss Elegance"", ""Best Body"", and ""Best Face"" titles. She became the second Miss Trujillo to win that title since the Miss Venezuela pageant first began in 1952 and also the second Miss Trujillo to win Miss Universe. The first was Bárbara Palacios, Miss Venezuela 1986 and Miss Universe 1986.

Miss Universe 2008, Dayana Mendoza (also from Venezuela) crowned her as Miss Universe 2009 on August 23, 2009, in Nassau, Bahamas. This marked the first time in Miss Universe history the same country won the crown two years in a row.

Fernández was also recognized as among the 50 Most Beautiful People list by "People en Español" and in March 2010, Fernández officially became the face of Avon Products.

Stefanía's husband was Bernardo Ausaje, an investor, who she wedded in Cartagena, Colombia, on May 6, 2017.

In June of 2020, however, Stefanía confirmed her decision to divorce Ausaje. Her manager, Luis Bascaran, released the following statement on social media:After three years of marriage, we want to inform you that by mutual agreement Bernardo and I have made the decision to separate (…) we have managed to make this decision from wisdom and maturity. We appreciate your respect and understanding. We will not be giving more statements on the subject.

Fernández subsequently began a relationship with athlete Ender Inciarte, revealed in December 2020, and in May 2021, they had a son, named Liam.

Fernández has traveled to several countries to spread AIDs Awareness.

In November, 2010, she traveled again to Indonesia, specifically to the Bali island, when she filmed a commercial of vitamins. On her return to New York, she was in a press conference about HIV, in which she appeared with Ban Ki-moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, and with recognised Venezuelan fashion designer Carolina Herrera. On 5 November 2009, she served as a presenter at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas, United States, sharing with Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. At her second presentation in Venezuela, specifically in the Plaza de Toros Monumental de Maracaibo, where there was a crowd of 15,000 people, they gave a recognition (Orchid Award) to Fernández at Orchid Festival of Chinita Fair.

She also traveled to Cannes, France, on 9 December 2009, for the Five Star Diamond awards, with Miss USA Kristen Dalton, and to Willemstad, Curaçao and Barquisimeto, Venezuela, as well, in early January 2010, for the Procesión de la Divina Pastora (Procession of the Holy Shepherdess). Fernández traveled to Puerto Rico in February 2010 to host "Levántate", a Telemundo TV show; then travelled to New York, where she appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show".

In October 2010, Fernández traveled to Jakarta, Bandung and Medan, in Indonesia, where she crowned the Indonesian representative for the Miss Universe 2010 pageant.

In September, March, and April 2010, she travelled to Moscow, Russia; São Paulo, Brazil; Mumbai, India; Nassau, Bahama; Caracas, Venezuela; and Prague, Czech Republic, where she crowned the respective representatives of those countries for the Miss Universe 2010 pageant. She then flew to Colombia (she was invited to promote the Kimberly-Clark brand), Panama (where she served as a presenter for Sony), and to Puerto Rico again, for the Puerto Rico Open.

Stefanía promised to spend her year-long reign as Miss Universe traveling the world raising awareness on humanitarian issues and promoting education regarding HIV/AIDS. During her reign, Stefanía traveled to Indonesia, Curaçao, France, Puerto Rico, Russia, Colombia, Panama, the Czech Republic, the Bahamas, Mexico, the Dominican Republic, Brazil, India, Spain, Rwanda, Venezuela, Argentina, and Ecuador for Aids Awareness Tour In 2010. Hugo Chávez, president of Venezuela, thanked her, giving her the support of both him and his government for this act.

On August 23, 2010, Stefanía, still just a teenager, passed her crown to Ximena Navarrete (Miss Mexico). During her final catwalk, she opened a flag of Venezula with only seven stars. The Venezuelan parliament (the National Assembly) had voted a modification of the flag from seven to eight stars in 2006; former President Chávez had favored this decision. The display of the old flag was seen by Investor's Business Daily as a protest against the new policies of Chávez. 

During the 2014 Venezuelan protests, Stefanía participated in the "Your Voice is Your Power" campaign, fighting against violence, human rights violations and the censorship of media in Venezuela.

Currently, Fernández also runs a successful beauty line, AMMATERRE, for vegan skin care products.



Stefanía is the face of Avon Products. She was listed among the 50 Most Beautiful People list by "People en Español," a Spanish-language magazine.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>please note that this article uses Spanish naming customs: the first or paternal family name is Fernández and the second or maternal family name is Krupij.

Dana Hill

Dana Hill (born Dana Lynne Goetz; May 6, 1964-July 15, 1996) was an American voice actress. She has a raspy voice. She starred in television programs and movies, including "Goof Troop" (1992-1993). She died resulting from a stroke that was due to having type 1 diabetes (she was diagnosed at age 10). Hill was born around California.

List of introduced molluscs of Venezuela

This is a list of 52 species of molluscs that have been introduced into Venezuela, that are living in the wild, and that have been reported in the literature.
Buccinidae

Fasciolariidae

Modulidae

Turbinellidae

Umbraculidae

Ampullariidae

Planorbidae

Thiaridae


Achatinidae


Arionidae


Bradybaenidae

Ferussaciidae

Helicidae


Limacidae

Streptaxidae

Subulinidae

Arcidae

Donacidae

Mactridae

Mytilidae

Placunidae

Pteriidae

Semelidae

Telinidae

Terebridae

Thraciidae

Veneridae

Corbiculidae


Mytilidae



Jewish languages

Jewish languages are the various languages and dialects that developed in Jewish communities around the world.

Although Hebrew was the daily speech of the Jewish people for centuries, by the 5th century, the closely related Aramaic joined Hebrew as the spoken language in Judea where the ancient Jews, "Judeans", where the word "Jew" comes from, lived. By the 3rd century Jews of the diaspora (Jewish people outside of their country) were speaking Greek, and soon afterwards Hebrew was no longer used as a first language - for over sixteen centuries being used almost only as a liturgical language (for prayer) until revived as a spoken language by Eliezer Ben-Yehuda in the Palestine of the late 1880s and eventually becoming the official language of the state of Israel.

For centuries Jews worldwide spoke the local or dominant languages of the regions they migrated to, often developing distinctive dialectal forms or branching off as independent languages.

The usual way these languages developed was through the addition of Hebrew words, phrases, and sometimes grammar used to express uniquely Jewish concepts and concerns. Often they were written in Hebrew letters, including the block letters used in Hebrew today and Rashi script. Due to the isolated nature of many Jewish communities, many Jewish languages retained archaic (old) vocabulary and linguistic structures of the language from which they descended long after they had been lost or changed in later forms of the parent language.

Among the most widely spoken Jewish languages to develop in the diaspora are Yiddish, Ladino, and the Judæo-Arabic group of languages. Yiddish is the Judeo-German language developed by Ashkenazi Jews who migrated to Central Europe, and Ladino, also called Judezmo and Muestra Spanyol (our Spanish), is the Judeo-Spanish language developed by Sephardic Jews who lived in the Iberian peninsula. 

Many ancient and distinct Jewish languages, including Gruzinic (Jewish Georgian), Judeo-Arabic, Judeo-Berber, Krymchak (Jewish Uzbek) and Judeo-Malayalam (a kind of Indian language) have largely fallen out of use due the impact of the Holocaust on European Jewry, the Jewish exodus from Arab lands, the assimilation policies of Israel in its early days and other factors.
Yiddish was the language spoken by the largest number of Jews in the 1850s, but today the three most commonly spoken languages among Jews are English, modern Hebrew, and Russian—in that order. Some people think that since Jews who use English and Russian have a lot of Jewish things to say and ways to say them, one day there might be a Judeo-English and maybe Judeo-Russian language.

Maureen McCormick

Maureen Denise McCormick (born August 5, 1956) is a television actress. She played the character of Marcia Brady on "The Brady Bunch" starting in 1969 and ending in 1974. She also acted in many other TV series. She wrote an autobiography called "Here's the Story: Surviving Marcia Brady and Finding My True Voice".

Daniel Francois Malan

Daniel Francois Malan (May 22 1874-February 7 1959) also known as D.F. Malan, was Prime Minister of South Africa from 1948 to 1954. He was leader of the National Party, an Afrikaner nationalist political party. Apartheid began as a state policy in South Africa under Malan.

Phyllis Thaxter

Phyllis St. Felix Thaxter (November 20, 1921 – August 14, 2012) was an American stage and movie actress. She was known for playing Superman's mother in the 1978 movie "Superman", and as Ellen Lawson in "Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo".

Thaxter was born on November 20, in 1921. in Portland, Maine to Sidney Thaxter and to his wife.

She had worked a lot on Broadway since 1940. When Dorothy McGuire went to Hollywood, Phyllis replaced her in the play Claudia. In 1944, she signed a contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Her first movie was with Van Johnson in the wartime movie "Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo". Thaxter played Joan Alris Ellis, a woman suffering from split personality in the movie "Bewitched" in 1945. In 1948, she played a cattle owner's daughter alongside Barbara Bel Geddes in "Blood on the Moon". 

At MGM, she routinely portrayed the ever-patient wife to a number of leading men. She moved to Warner Brothers in the 1950s, but usually played the same type of roles.

Thaxter's career ended for a while after being ill of polio in 1952. She made a comeback on the television series in "Rawhide". She would later appear on other television programs such as; "Wagon Train", "The Twilight Zone", and "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". In 1978, Thaxter was cast along with Glenn Ford as Ma and Pa Kent in "Superman".

Thaxter was married to James Thomas Aubrey, Jr. from 1944 until they divorced in 1962. They had a son and a daughter. She was married to Gilbert Lea from 1962 until his death in 2008.

Thaxter died on August 14, 2012 in her home in Longwood, Florida from Alzheimer's disease, aged 90. She had the disease for eight years. She was cremated and her ashes were thrown to the sea.



Godfather's Pizza

Godfather's Pizza is an American pizza franchise group that was started around around 1973. The restaurant chain is headquartered out of Omaha, Nebraska and sells Italian foods in addition to pizza. The chain sells golden, original and thin crusts depending on the eatery.

Shelley Winters

Shelley Winters (Shirley Schrift August 18, 1920 – January 14, 2006) was an American movie actress who appeared in many blockbuster movies such as "Place in the Sun", "The Big Knife", "Lolita", "The Night of the Hunter", "Alfie", and "The Poseidon Adventure". Her career spanned over 50 years until her death in 2006. Winters won Academy Awards for her acting in "The Diary of Anne Frank" and "A Patch of Blue".

Winters was born on August 18, 1920 in St. Louis, Missouri to Rose (née Winter) and to Jonas Schrift. She was raised in Brooklyn, New York City. She was educated at The New School.

Winters' career began in 1943 in the movie "There's Something About a Soldier" and since then she appeared in over 100 movies, such as; "Escape in the Fog", "New Orleans", "The Greatest Story Ever Told", "Flap", "Black Journal", "Fanny Hill", "Jury Duty", and her final movie "A-List".

Winters has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and was inducted into the St. Louis Walk of Fame in 1992.

Winters was married to Paul Meyer from 1937 until they divorced in 1948. Later she married Vittorio Gassman from 1949 until they divorced in 1954. Thirdly she married Anthony Franciosa from 1957 until they divorced in 1960. Lastly she married Gerry DeFord from 2006 until her death in 2006. Winters only had one child with Grassman.

Winters died on January 14, 2006 in at a hospital in Beverly Hills, California home from heart failure, she was 85 years old. Five days later, her ex-husband Anthony Franciosa died from a stroke.


Anthony Franciosa

Anthony Franciosa (Anthony George Papaleo October 25, 1928 – January 19, 2006) was an American movie, TV, and stage actor, usually known as Tony Franciosa during his career. 

He made some movies such as; "Career" (1959) for which he won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor/Drama. In television he is known for his lead roles in five well-known TV shows as; the sitcom "Valentine's Day" (1964–65), the drama series "The Name of the Game" (1968–71), "Search" (1972–73), "Matt Helm" (1975) and "Finder of Lost Loves" (1984). Franciosa received a Tony Award nomination for his role in the play "A Hatful of Rain".

Franciosa was born in New York City, New York on October 25, 1928. 

Franciosa was married to Beatrice Bakalyar from 1952 until it ended in divorce in 1957. Secondly he married Shelley Winters from 1957 until they divorced in 1960. Thirdly he married Judy Balaban from 1961 until they divorced in 1967. Lastly he married Rita Thiel from 1970 until his death in 2006.

Franciosa suffered a stroke on the day his ex-wife Shelley Winters died on January 14, 2006. Franciosa died five days after Winters' death on January 19, 2006 from a stroke at the UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, he was 77 years old. He is survived by his wife Rita, his three children, and his two grandchildren. His remains were later cremated.


Ron Palillo

Ronald Gabriel "Ron" Palillo (April 2, 1949 – August 14, 2012) was an American television and movie actor, who is best known for his role as high school student Arnold Dingfelder Horshack on the ABC sitcom "Welcome Back, Kotter", from 1975 to 1979.

Palillo was born in Cheshire, Connecticut on April 2, 1949. He was educated at University of Connecticut. Palillo died on August 14, 2012 from a heart attack in his Palm Beach, Florida home. He was 63 years old. He is survived by his partner of 41 years, Joseph Gramm.

Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom

Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom (also spelled Strydom) also known as J.G. Strydom or Hans Strydom (July 14 1893-August 24 1958) nicknamed "the Lion of the North", was Prime Minister of South Africa from 30 November 1954 to 24 August 1958. He was an Afrikaner nationalist, and a supporter of apartheid.

Murder of JonBenét Ramsey

JonBenét Patricia Ramsey (August 6, 1990December 25, 1996) was an American child beauty pageant queen. She was born in Atlanta, Georgia and moved to Boulder, Colorado when she was nine months old. She was strangled in her house in Boulder. Her murder remains unsolved. Alexis Reich falsely confessed to the murder in 2006.

Thomas Kretschmann

Thomas Kretschmann (Born 8 September 1962 in Dessau, East Germany) is a German movie, television, voice actor best known for playing Leutnant Hans von Witzland in the 1993 film "Stalingrad", Hauptmann Wilm Hosenfeld in "The Pianist", Hermann Fegelein in "Der Untergang", Captain Englehorn in the 2005 remake of "King Kong", "Valkyrie", and voicing Professor Z in "Cars 2". 

Kretschmann was born on September 8, 1962 in Dessau, East Germany. Kretschmann had a partner Lena Roklin from 1997 until they split-up in 2009, they had three children. Kretschmann currently lives in Malibu, California and Los Angeles, California.

John Turturro

John Michael Turturro (born February 28, 1957) is an American movie and television, voice actor, writer and director known for his roles in the movies; "Do the Right Thing" (1989), "Miller's Crossing" (1990), "Barton Fink" (1991), "Quiz Show" (1994), "The Big Lebowski" (1998), "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" (2000) and "the Transformers movie series". He has appeared in over sixty films, and has worked mostly with the Coen brothers, Adam Sandler and Spike Lee. Turturro also starred in Disney/Pixar "Cars 2". He played Carmine Falcone in the 2022 movie "The Batman".

Turturro was born in Brooklyn, New York on February 28, 1957. Turturro is currently married to Katherine Borowitz since 1985, they have two children. 


John Lasseter

John Alan Lasseter (born January 12, 1957) is an American animator, movie director and the former chief creative officer at Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. He was also the Principal Creative Advisor for Walt Disney Imagineering. Lasseter bought Pixar from the late Steve Jobs. He eventually left Pixar and Disney due to allegations of sexual harassment. Lasseter has been married to Nancy Lasseter since 1979. He was born in Hollywood, California.

Melissa Manchester

Melissa Manchester (born February 15, 1951 in the Bronx, New York) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She has acted in several movies. She has received several awards during her musical career, which began in the late 1960s.

Blythe Danner

Blythe Katherine Danner (born February 3, 1943) is an American actress. She is the widow of movie director Bruce Paltrow. She is the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Jake Paltrow. She has starred in many Broadway plays and movies.

Danner was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She is the daughter of Katharine (née Kile) and Harry Earl Danner, a bank executive. She has a brother, opera singer/actor Harry Danner, a sister, performer-turned-director Dorothy (Dottie) Danner, and a half-brother, violin maker William Moennig. Danner is of part Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry, and one of her great-grandmothers was born in Barbados (a White Barbadian).

Kim Du-han

Kim Du-han(korea:김두한, hanja:金斗漢, 1918-1972) was South Korean politician, gangsters. he was one of boss of Big gangsters groups of Seouls. a penname was Uisong(의송, 義松).


Jordana Brewster

Jordana Brewster (, born April 26, 1980) is an American actress. She began acting during her late teens starting with the soap opera "All My Children". Later, Brewster began acting in movies and television programs. These include "The Fast and the Furious" series of movies. Brewster was born in Panama City, Panama. Her father is American. Her mother is Brazilian. She grew up in Brazil and London before moving to New York at age 10.

Brewster was born in Panama City, Panama, the daughter of Maria João (née Leal de Sousa), a former "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit model from Brazil, and Alden Brewster, an American investment banker.


Outrage (movie)

Outrage is a movie that came out in 2010. "Autoreiji" is the movie's original title in Japan. Takeshi Kitano is the director. It has a restricted rating. It is 109 minutes long. It is a crime drama. It is about Tokyo's yakuza clans. It has a little sexual content. It competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.

Tom Kenny

Thomas James Kenny (born July 13, 1962) is an American actor and comedian. He is mostly known for being the voice of SpongeBob SquarePants in "SpongeBob SquarePants". He has also done the voices of The Ice King in "Adventure Time", The Mayor in "The Powerpuff Girls", Lord Mission in "", Wheelie in "The Transformers Movie Series", and Scout Master Lumpus in "Camp Lazlo".

Kenny was born on July 13, 1962 in Syracuse, New York. He studied at the Bishop Grimes High School. He has been currently married to Jill Talley since 1995. They have two children, Mack (born 1998) and Nora (born 2003). The Kennys live in Studio City, California.

Regina King

Regina King (born January 15, 1971 in Los Angeles) is an American movie and television actress. She began acting in 1985 with the situation comedy "227", on which program she stayed until 1990. She has performed in many movies, including "Jerry Maguire", "Boyz n the Hood" (1991) and "Higher Learning" (1995). She voiced both Huey and Riley Freeman in the Adult Swim television series "The Boondocks".

Poetic Justice

Poetic Justice is a 1993 urban drama movie. It stars Tupac Shakur, Regina King and Janet Jackson. It is about poems from the poet Maya Angelou. "Poetic Justice" received mixed to negative reviews, though received close to $28 million while in theaters.

Wave function

In quantum mechanics, the Wave function, usually represented by "Ψ", or "ψ", describes the probability of finding an electron somewhere in its matter wave. To be more precise, the "square" of the wave function gives the probability of finding the location of the electron in the given area, since the normal answer for the wave function is usually a complex number. The wave function concept was first introduced in the Schrödinger equation. 

The formula for finding the wave function (i.e., the probability wave), is below:

formula_1

where "i" is the imaginary number, "ψ (x,t)" is the wave function, "ħ" is the reduced Planck constant, "t" is time, "x" is position in space, "Ĥ" is a mathematical object known as the "Hamiltonian operator". The reader will note that the symbol formula_2 denotes that the partial derivative of the wave function is being taken.


Partial derivative

In calculus (particularly in multivariable calculus, the study of rate of change on functions with multiple variables), the partial derivative of a function is the derivative of one named variable, where all other unnamed variables of the function are held constant. In other words, the partial derivative takes the derivative of certain indicated variables of a function, and does not differentiate the other variable(s). 

For the partial derivative of a function "f" with respect to the variable "x", the notations

formula_1, formula_2, formula_3

are usually used, although other notations are valid. Usually, although not always, the partial derivative is taken in a multivariable function (a function which takes two or more variables as input).

If we have a function formula_4, then there are several partial derivatives of "f(x, y)" that are all equally valid. For example,

Or, we can do the following:


String (physics)

In string theory and theoretical physics, strings are hypothetical objects that are believed to be the elementary particles of the universe. If they exist, they would not be point-like particles, but rather 1-dimensional "strings" of energy that vibrate in various dimensions. The image to the right illustrates the various possible dimensions that a string could vibrate in. (Currently, physicists accept the fact that there are at least 11 dimensions in our universe: 1 time dimension and 10 spatial dimensions.) The length of the strings would be determined by Planck length:

It is still not known whether these strings actually exist. They are pretty much the main topic of string theory.




Kathy Ireland

Kathleen Marie "Kathy" Ireland (born March 20, 1963 in Glendale, California) is an American fashion model, actress and businesswoman. She has been featured in "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit issue thirteen times and been on the cover three times. She also acted in several movies and television programs. Her licensing company, Kathy Ireland Worldwide, is responsible for most of her approximately $420 million wealth.

Biff Elliot

Biff Elliot (born Leon Shalek; July 26, 1923 – August 15, 2012) was an American television, stage, voice, radio, and movie actor. He is best known for his role as Mike Hammer in the 1953 movie "I, the Jury", and as his guest appearance in the "Star Trek" episode "The Devil in the Dark".

Elliot was born Leon Shalek on July 26, 1923, in Lynn, Massachusetts to Jack and Susan Elliot, he served in the army and later attended the University of Maine. After he graduated in 1949 he began acting and later appeared in 100 of movies and television programs, his career began and known after his role in "I, the Jury" in 1953.

Elliot was married to Betty Dole from 1948 until her death in 1974. He lastly married Connie Elliot from 1977 until his death in 2012. Elliot died on August 15, 2012, in his Studio City, California home from natural causes, he was 89 years old.


Paul Ryan

Paul Davis Ryan (born January 29, 1970) is an American politician. He was the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from October 29, 2015 to January 3, 2019. He was a member of U.S. House of Representatives from 1999 to 2019. He was also the House Budget Committee chairman.

Ryan also served as Chairman of the House Budget Committee from 2011 to 2015. He was the Republican Party nominee for Vice President in the 2012 election. On October 22, 2015, Ryan said he was going to run for Speaker of the United States to succeed John Boehner. He was elected on October 29 and shortly afterwards became speaker. As Speaker, Ryan helped launch the House passing of the American Health Care Act.

Ryan announced his retirement from Congress on April 11, 2018.

Ryan was born at Mercyhealth Hospital and Trauma Center in Janesville, Wisconsin. His parents were Elizabeth A. "Judy" (née Hutter) and Paul Murray Ryan. Ryan studied at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. His father died of a heart attack when Ryan was in his teenage years. His grandmother moved in shortly afterwards because she had Alzheimer's disease.

Ryan was first elected to the House in 1999, winning the 1st District seat of Mark Neumann, a two-term incumbent who had vacated his seat to make an unsuccessful bid for the U.S. Senate. Ryan won the Republican primary over 29-year-old pianist Michael J. Logan of Twin Lakes.

Ryan became the ranking Republican member of the House Budget Committee in 2008, then chairman in 2012 after Republicans took control of the House. That same year he was selected to deliver the Republican response to the State of the Union address.

During his 12 years in the House, Ryan has sponsored more than 70 bills or amendments, of which two were enacted into law. One, passed in July 2000, renamed a post office in Ryan's district; the other, passed in December 2009, lowered the excise tax on arrow shafts. Ryan has also co-sponsored 975 bills, of which 176 have passed. 22 percent of these bills were originally sponsored by Democrats.

In 2010, Ryan was a member of the bipartisan National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform (Bowles-Simpson Commission), which was tasked with developing a plan to reduce the federal deficit. He voted against the final report of the commission.

In 2012, Ryan accused the nation's top military leaders of using "smoke and mirrors" to remain under budget limits passed by Congress. Ryan later said that he misspoke on the issue and called General Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to apologize for his comments.

As of mid-2012, Ryan had been on seven trips abroad as part of a congressional delegation.

On October 9, 2015, after the resignation of Speaker of the House John Boehner, Ryan confirmed that he might run for speaker. Ryan confirmed on October 22 that he would seek the speakership after receiving the endorsements of two factions of House Republicans, including the conservative Freedom Caucus. On October 29, Ryan was elected Speaker with 236 votes. He is the youngest Speaker since James G. Blaine in 1875. As Speaker, Ryan has had a role in passing the Every Child Suceeds Act, a big school reform law. He has been a major expert on the government budget, and worked with Senator Patty Murray to pass a budget before he was speaker. Ryan was the Speaker of the House during the 2016 Presidential election. On Wednesday, April 11, 2018, Speaker Ryan announced his intent not to re-election saying he will be retiring in January, at the end of his current term.

Ryan announced his retirement from the House on April 11, 2018.

On August 11, 2012, he was selected by Republican Party Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney for Vice Presidential Candidate of the 2012 Presidential election.

Ryan is currently married to Jenna Little. They have three children. Before entering into politics, Ryan worked as a fitness instructor. He was also a speechwriter for New York congressman Jack Kemp during the early 1990s.


Phil Leeds

Phil Leeds (April 6, 1916 – August 16, 1998) was an American television and movie actor. Leeds' eyes, rubbery face and wizened made him known in movies and his guest appearences in television programs such as in; "The Dick Van Dyke Show", "Roseanne", "The Golden Girls", "Three's Comapany", "Friends", "Everybody Loves Raymond", "Wings", "The Patty Duke Show", "The Larry Sanders Show", and as a ghost in the movie "Ghost". 

Leeds was born on April 6, 1916 in New York City, New York. Leeds was married to Toby Brandt until she passed in 1987, and had no children. Leeds died on August 16, 1998 from pneumonia in Los Angeles, California, he was 82 years old.

Walter Slezak

Walter Slezak (3 May 1902 – 21 April 1983) was an Austrian television and movie actor who appeared in many movies. Slezak mostly played villains or thugs, most notably the German U-boat captain in Alfred Hitchcock's movie "Lifeboat" (1944), but occasionally he got to play lighter roles, as in "The Wonderful World" of the "Brothers Grimm" (1962). He also played a cheerfully corrupt and philosophical private detective in the film noir "Born to Kill" (1947) and appeared as Squire Trelawney in "Treasure Island" (1972). He is also known for playing the Clock King in "Batman" (1966). Slezak won a Tony Award in 1955.

Slezak was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary. Slezak was married to Johanna Van Rijn from 1943 until his death in 1983. They had three children. Slezak died on April 21, 1983 after he shot himself in his home in Flower Hill, New York. He is buried in Rottach-Egern, Germany.



David Wayne

David Wayne (born Wayne James McMeekan January 30, 1914 – February 9, 1995) was an American television, voice, stage, and movie actor. He acted for nearly 50 years. He starred with famous actors such as Frank Sinatra, Marilyn Monroe, Debbie Reynolds, Celeste Holm, Katherine Hepburn, Elizabeth Taylor, and Spencer Tracy. He has appeared in nearly 100 movies. He won the first Tony Award for his role in the stage production of "Finian's Rainbow".

Wayne was born Wayne James McMeekan in Traverse City, Michigan on January 20, 1914. He was raised in Bloomingdale, Michigan. Wayne was married to Jane Gordon from 1941 until her death in 1993. They had two children. Wayne died on February 9, 1995 in his home in Santa Monica, California from lung cancer. He was 81 years old. His remains were cremated.



Nusa Lembongan

Nusa Lembongan is an island to the southeast of Bali, Indonesia at . It's area is about 8 square kilometers and there are about 7,000 people living on the island year round. It is part of a group of three islands called Pulau Penida. This island group is part of the Lesser Sunda Islands. This island group is on the western side of the Wallace Line. This line marks a change in animals and plants. To the east of this line, the ecology changes to become Australasian.

Tourism is the most important part of the economy of the island. Most tourist development is on the western side of the island at Mushroom Bay and Jungut Batu. Most local residents live in the central village of Nusa Lembongan. The other major industry is seaweed farming along the southwest coast between Nusa Lembongan and Nusa Cenignan.

Yiddish Wikipedia

Yiddish Wikipedia is the Yiddish language version of Wikipedia. It was founded on March 3, 2004, and the first article was written November 28, 2004.

Mick Veivers

Mick Veivers (born 12 August 1939) is an Australian politician from Queensland. He was the Member for Southport from 1987 to 2001 and was Minister for Emergency Services and Sport in the Borbidge Government. He was a member of the Queensland National Party. Before politics, he had been a rugby league player.

Saskatoon Greystone

Saskatoon Greystone was a district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada.

Carol Lawrence

Carol Lawrence (born September 5, 1932 in Melrose Park, Illinois, USA) is an American stage and television actress. She is probably best known for playing best Maria in "West Side Story" in 1957. She has received several Tony Awards. She has performed on many television series, including "General Hospital" and "Sex and the City".

<br>

IS/LM model

The IS/LM model is a tool that shows the relationship between interest rates and real output in "the goods and services market" and "the money market". IS/LM model is used in Macroeconomics. The point of meet of the IS curve and the LM curve is "general equilibrium". At general equilibrium, there is same equilibrium in both markets. The letters I and S of the IS curve express Investment-Saving. The letters L and M of the LM curve express Liquidity preference—Money supply. This model makes clear an effect of either a fiscal policy or a monetary policy. 

Fathom

The fathom is a unit of length. It is used especially when talking about operating ships, to measure the depth of water. It is equal to two yards. The distance between a man's outstreched arms is about a fathom. By this definition, a statute mile is 880 fathoms long. According to the directive 80/181/EWG, one fathom is 1,829 meters long.
One fathom is equal to:

In 1959 the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United Kingdom defined the length of the international yard to be exactly 0.9144 metre. With the adoption of the metric SI system the use of fathoms declined.

Norio Sasaki

After graduating from Meiji University, Sasaki joined NTT Kanto. He was a midfielder. He contributed to the club's promotion to Japan Soccer League Division 2 in 1987. He retired in 1991.

Sasaki served as the head coach of Japan Football League side Omiya Ardija in 1998, then took various other positions at Omiya, including the youth team head-coach and the head of development.

In 2006, Sasaki became the assistant coach of Japan women's national team, as well as the head coach of its U-20 team. In 2008, he was promoted to the head coach of the national team, succeeding Hiroshi Ohashi.

Under Sasaki's reign, Japan won the EAFF Women's Football Championship in 2008 and again in 2010. He also led the Japan Women to a fourth-place finish at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

Sasaki was the manager of the Japan when they won the 2011 World Cup. FIFA named Sasaki 2011 "Coach of the Year". He also coached the national team to a second-place finish at the 2015 World Cup.

He was also coach of the women's team which won a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics at London.

Sasaki announced his retirement from coaching in 2012, but was persuaded to stay on as national team coach.

In 2019, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.




George C. Scott

George Campbell Scott (October 18, 1927 – September 22, 1999) was an American stage, television, and movie actor, director and producer. He was best known for his stage work, and also well known as his role of General George S. Patton in the movie "Patton", and as General Buck Turgidson in Stanley Kubrick's "Dr. Strangelove".

Scott was born in Wise, Virginia on October 18, 1927 to Helena Agnes (née Slemp) and to George Dewey Scott. He was educated at Redford High School and in the University of Missouri.

Scott began his career in 1958 in the movie "The Hanging Tree", and since then he has appeared in over 100 movie and more than 50 stage works, in movies he had appeared in; "Jane Eyre", "The Hospital", "A Christmas Carol", "Titanic (TV movie 1996)", "Movie Movie", "The Formula", "Patton", and in "Dr. Strangelove". In a interview Scott said that his influences were James Cagney, Paul Muni, and Bette Davis.

Scott was married to Carolyn Hughes from 1951 until they divorced in 1955. Later he married Patricia Reed from 1955 until they divorced in 1960. Thirdly he married Colleen Dewhurst from 1960 until they divorced in 1965, then again they married from 1962 through 1972 after they divorced again. Lastly Scott married Trish Van Devere from 1972 until his death in 1999. He and Karen Truesdell had a daughter Michelle.

Scott died on September 22, 1999 from an abdominal aortic aneurysm in Westlake Village, California, he was 71 years old. His remains are buried next to actor Walter Matthau in a unmarked grave.



Marion Ross

Marion Ross (born Marian Ross October 25, 1928) is a retired American actress who was best known for her role as Marion Cunningham on the television series "Happy Days" from 1974 to 1984. After "Happy Days" Ross had appeared in over 50 movies. She retired in 2018.

She was born in Watertown, Minnesota. She was educated at San Diego State University. She was married to Freeman Meskimen from 1951 until they divorced in 1969, they had two children. She was partners with Paul Michael from 1988 until his death in 2011.


Scott Baio

Scott Vincent James Baio (born September 22, 1960 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American movie and television actor and television director. He is best known for his roles as Chachi Arcola on the sitcom "Happy Days" and its spin-off, "Joanie Loves Chachi". He was the main character in the series "Charles in Charge". Baio has been married to Renee Sloan since 2007. He has a daughter and a stepdaughter. Baio had two reality television series "Scott Baio Is 45...and Single" (2007) and "Scott Baio Is 46...and Pregnant" (2008) premiered on VH1.


Al Molinaro

Albert Francis "Al" Molinaro (June 24, 1919 – October 30, 2015) was an American television and movie actor, who is mostly known as Al Delvecchio, the owner of Arnold's on "Happy Days" and its spin-off show "Joanie Loves Chachi".

He is also known for his roles in "The Odd Couple" television series, as well as starring in commercials for On-Cor frozen dinners. He also starred in a 1982 comedy "The Ugily Family". Molinaro retired from acting in 1992.

Molinaro was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin on June 24, 1919 to an Italian family. Molinaro was married to Sidney Molinaro until they divorced. He has been married to Betty Farrell since 1981. With Sidney he has a son Michael Molinaro.

Molinaro died in Glendale, California from a gallbladder infection, aged 96.




Jack Albertson

Jack Albertson (June 16, 1907 – November 25, 1981) also known as Jackie Alberts was an American actor, comedian, dancer and singer.

Albertson was born in Malden, Massachusetts to Flora (née Craft) and to Leopold Albertson. His career begun in 1938 and lasted until his death in 1981, but Albertson is known for his roles such as; Manny Rosen in "The Poseidon Adventure" (1972), Grandpa Joe in "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" (1971), Amos Slade in the animated movie "The Fox and the Hound" (1981), and as Ed Brown in the 1974–1978 television comedy "Chico and the Man". For his contributions to the television industry, Jack Albertson was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Albertson was married to Wallace Thompson from 1952 until his death. They had a child, Maura Dhu Studi Albertson. Albertson died on November 25, 1981 in Hollywood, California from Colorectal cancer which he had for three years. He was 74 years old.

Nora Roberts

Eleanor Marie Robertson, better known as Nora Roberts (born October 10, 1950 in Maryland), is an American novelist. She has written over 200 romance books. Many of her novels were bestsellers.

Irving Fein

Irving Fein (June 21, 1911 – August 10, 2012) was an Emmy Award winning American television and movie producer, and the longtime manager of comedians Jack Benny and George Burns. 

Fein was born in Brooklyn, New York. Fein was married to Florence Kohn until they divorced. Lastly he married Marion Schecter from 1969 until his death in 2012. Fein has two children and a stepson. Fein died on August 10, 2012 in Los Angeles, California from heart failure, he was 101 years old.

Naughty Dog

Naughty Dog is a video game company founded by Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin in 1986. It is part of Sony since 2001. They produced more successful games, including "Rings of Power" for Sega Genesis and "Way Of The Warrior" for 3DO.

"Rings of Power" was created with a low budget. Universal Studios signed a deal with the duo to a three-title deal and fund the expansion of the company. Mark Cerny, who had produced "Sonic the Hedgehog 2" for Sega, convinced Naughty Dog to focus on new resources on creating a character-based platform game in 3D. "Crash Bandicoot" was developed and became the first 3D video game by Naughty Dog. for the PlayStation on September 9, 1996. Naughty Dog would develop three "Crash Bandicoot" sequels over the next several years. In January 2001, it was announced Sony would acquire Naughty Dog. After developing the fourth "Crash Bandicoot" game ("Crash Team Racing"), the company began working on "Jak and Daxter" for PlayStation 2. In 2004, Naughty Dog's studio president and co-founder, Jason Rubin left the company to work on a new game named "Iron and the Maiden".

As Jam Software
As Naughty Dog

List of Sony Greatest Hits games

Greatest Hits are video games for the North American Sony PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation Portable game consoles that are released again but at a lower price by Sony. The term "Greatest Hits" applies to selected video games from North America. Other programs exist in PAL territories (as the Platinum Range), Japan and Asia (as "The Best") and Korea (as "BigHit Series").

The following titles have been released on the Greatest Hits label for PlayStation.


The following titles have been released on the Greatest Hits label for PlayStation 2.


The following titles have been released on the Greatest Hits label for PlayStation 3.


The following titles have been released on the Greatest Hits label for PlayStation Portable.


Luleå

Luleå (, Lule sami "Luleju", Finnish "Luulaja") is a city in northern Sweden. In 2010, 46,607 people lived there. It is the seat of Luleå Municipality and the capital of Norrbotten County.

Platinum Range

The Platinum Range is a Sony PlayStation chain. It includes PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable video games that have been successful in PAL countries. Other chains from Sony include the Greatest Hits for North America and The Best for Japan.

To become a Platinum release it was required that a game must sell over 400,000 copies worldwide within a year. For PSP, not only Platinum Range exist. There are also PSP Essentials. The first PS3 titles were released on August 1, 2008.










Paul Rusesabagina

Paul Rusesabagina (born 1954) is a Rwandan humanitarian. He is known for hiding and protecting 1,268 people during the 1994 Rwandan genocide. Rusesabagina was the assistant manager of the Sabena Hôtel des Mille Collines. Later, he was the manager of the Hôtel des Diplomates. Both hotels are in Kigali, Rwanda. During the genocide, he used his influence and connections with high ranking and important people to protect 1,268 Tutsis and Hutus from being killed by the Interahamwe.

Rusesabagina's story was the basis of the Academy Award winning 2004 movie "Hotel Rwanda" staring Don Cheadle. Rusesabagina currently lives in Brussels, Belgium with his wife, four children and two adopted nieces.

On 20 September 2021, he was found guilty of terrorism-related charges. During the court proceeding, he denounced president Paul Kagame and reported that he had been abducted from exile to stand trial in Rwanda.

Gameplay

Gameplay is the way players interact with a game, and in particular with video games. It is the connection between the game rules, challenges and overcoming them and the plot. Video game gameplay is how attracting the graphics and audio are to the player.

Along with the rise of video game development in the 1980s, the term gameplay was used only in the context of video games. Now its popularity has started to be used in the description of other, more traditional, game types. Generally, gameplay is about the general experience of playing a video game. It does not include other things like graphics and sound. Game mechanics, on the other hand, is the set of rules in a game that are supposed to make an enjoyable gaming experience. Academic discussions often use terms like "game mechanics". This is because "gameplay" is too general for academic discussions.



Crash Nitro Kart

Crash Nitro Kart is a 2003 racing video game developed by Vicarious Visions and published by Universal Interactive Studios (along with Konami in the Japanese release) for the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Xbox, Game Boy Advance and N-Gage. It is the second "Crash Bandicoot" racing game behind "Crash Team Racing". It is the ninth "Crash Bandicoot" game overall.



List of best-selling PlayStation video games

The list of best-selling PlayStation video games are listed in order of greatest to least best-selling video game. The video games listed here have sold or shipped at least one million copies.


Total PlayStation games shipped as of March 31, 2007: 962 million.

PocketStation games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies.

Mary Ann Lee

Mary Ann Lee (18231899) was one of America's first professional ballerinas. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to theatrical parents, and trained there with Paul Hazard of the Paris Opéra. She made her ballet debut as Fatima in 1837 in "The Maid of Cashmere" at the Chestnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia. Debuting in the same production was the great Augusta Maywood. Night after night, the two girls were showered with applause and bouquets.

Lee studied in New York City with James Sylvain, and made her New York debut in June 1839 at the Bowery Theatre. She did not confine herself to dance, but acted in melodramas and other stage works. She toured the United States, then studied with Ballet Master Jean Coralli in Paris. When she returned to the United States, she brought the directions for several popular ballets with her. She danced the first American performance of "Giselle" in Boston in 1846.

Lee danced and toured with George Washington Smith. She retired in 1847 at age 24 for health reasons. She married William Vanhook, a Philadelphia merchant. The couple had three children. She made a few returns to the stage, and taught dance in later life. She died in Philadelphia in 1899, and is buried in Laurel Hill Cemetery. Critics and ballet lovers alike were unanimous in their praise of Lee. If she had pursued her career rather than retirement, she would likely have become a star of international renown.

Claire Forlani

Claire Antonia Forlani (born December 1971) is an English movie performer who also stars on TV programs. She starred in the movie "Mystery Men" in 1999. She also starred in other movies.

Eddy Arnold

Richard Edward "Eddy" Arnold (May 1918-May 2008) was an American pop icon during the 1950s and 1960s. He sold almost 86 million albums and had many hit songs during his career. He was born in Tennessee.

Arte Johnson

Arthur Stanton Eric "Arte" Johnson (January 20, 1929 – July 3, 2019) was an American comedian and television, movie, and voice actor. His career lasted for 50 years. His career started in 1954 up until his retirement in 2005. Johnson was a regular cast in "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In". His well-known "character" was that of a German soldier with his famous the catchphrase: "Verrrry interesting, but...['stupid', 'not very funny', and other versions]". He won a Saturn Award.

Johnson was born in Benton Harbor, Michigan. He was educated at the University of Illinois. He was married to Gisela Johnson from 1968 until his death. Johnson died on July 3, 2019 in Los Angeles from bladder and prostate cancer at the age of 90.

Chía, Cundinamarca

Chía is a town in the Cundinamarca department of Colombia. It is to the north of Bogotá on the main road to Zipaquira. Its history goes back to the pre-Columbian time. The name comes from the Chibchan language. It means "moon" or "month".

It is home of the Universidad de la Sabana.

Chía, Aragon

Chía is a small town in the eastern Pyrenees, in Aragon, Spain; it is a municipality in the Huesca province.

People in this region speak "patués", a dialect of the eastern Aragonese language.

Chía is in the Benasque Valley, on the foot of the Sierra de Chía, a short mountain range in the Pyrenees. It is about from Huesca, the capital city of the Huesca province.

The mean yearly temperature is and the mean yearly rainfall is .



Chia, Italy

Chia or Baia di Chia is a coastal area in southern Sardinia (Italy). It is part of the municipality of Domus de Maria in the Province of Cagliari.


Robert Loggia

Robert Loggia (Salvatore Loggia; January 3, 1930 – December 4, 2015) was an American actor and director. 

Loggia was born on January 3, 1930 in Staten Island, New York City to Benjamin Loggia and to Elena Blandino both of whom were born in Sicily, Italy. Loggia was educated at Wagner College and journalism at the University of Missouri. After his service in the US Army, Loggia began a his career in stage, movie, and television.

Loggia had a career span of 60 years since 1953, since then he appeared in many movies, including: "An Officer and a Gentleman", "", based on the Air New Zealand Flight 103 incident, "Scarface", "Prizzi's Honor", "Over the Top", "Independence Day", "Necessary Roughness", "Return to Me", "Armed and Dangerous", and "Big" (for which he won a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor). 

Loggia was married to Marjorie Sloan from 1954 until they divorced in 1981. He was married to Audrey O'Brien from 1982 until his death in 2015. Loggia has two children of his own and a stepchild. Loggia died at his home in Los Angeles, California from Alzheimer's disease, aged 85.


Pigou effect

The Pigou effect is an economics term that refers to the stimulation of output and employment. It is caused by increasing consumption due to a rise in real balances of wealth. It often happens particularly during deflation.

Wealth was defined by Arthur Cecil Pigou as "the sum of the money supply and government bonds divided by the price level". He explained that Keynes' General theory was incomplete because it was not clarifying a link from "real balances" to current consumption. He also pointed out that it didn't include such a "wealth effect" would make the economy more 'self correcting' to drops in aggregate demand than Keynes predicted. Because the effect derives from changes to the "Real Balance", this is also called the Real Balance effect.

Joan Fontaine

Joan de Beauvoir de Havilland (October 22, 1917 – December 15, 2013), known professionally as Joan Fontaine, was a British-American actress and singer. She and her older sister Olivia de Havilland were two of the last surviving leading ladies from Hollywood of the 1930s.

Fontaine is the only actress to have won an Academy Award for a performance in a movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock, "Suspicion" (1941).

Fontaine was born in Tokyo to British parents. She became an American citizen in 1943. She has divorced four times. She has one child from her second marriage.

She died on December 15, 2013 at her Carmel-by-the-Sea, California home from natural causes, aged 96.

Charing Cross railway station

Charing Cross station, is a central London rail terminus in the City of Westminster . The rail station is one of 18 stations managed by Network Rail, and trains serving it are operated by Southeastern. It is the fifth busiest rail terminal in London.

The station takes its name from the central London road junction of Charing Cross. The front of the rail station faces The Strand. The other end is the northern end of Hungerford Bridge, which is crossed by all trains serving the station. Ticket barriers control access to all platforms, although the bridge entrance has no barriers. 

The original station building was built on the site of Hungerford Market and opened on 11 January 1864. The station has a single span wrought iron roof arching over the six platforms on its relatively cramped site. A year later the Charing Cross Hotel opened on 15 May 1865, and gave the station an ornate front in the French Renaissance style. At the same time, a replica of the Eleanor Cross was erected in the station forecourt, based on the original 13th century Whitehall Cross that had been demolished in 1647. Distances in London are officially measured from the original site of the cross in Whitehall, now the statue of Charles I, and not from this replica cross.


Charing Cross tube station

Charing Cross tube station is a London Underground station at Charing Cross. It has entrances in Trafalgar Square and The Strand. The station takes its name from the central London road junction of Charing Cross.

The station is served by the Northern and Bakerloo lines and provides an interchange with the National Rail network at the Charing Cross rail station. On the Northern Line it is between Embankment and Leicester Square stations on the Charing Cross branch, and on the Bakerloo Line it is between Embankment and Piccadilly Circus stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 1. 

The station was served by the Jubilee Line between 1979 and 1999; acting as the southern terminus of the line during that period. For most of the history of the Underground the name "Charing Cross" was associated with a different station, the one now called Embankment. 


Shin Ik-hee

Shin Ik-hee (, July 11, 1894 – May 5, 1956) was a Resistance activists, politician, and educator of South Korea. His nickname was Haegong (해공, 海公) and Haehoo (해후, 海候), customs name was Yeogu (여구, 如耉). header of National Assembly of Koreas 1948 to 1954.



Video game producer

A video game producer is the person in charge during the development of a video game.

The earliest known use of the term "producer" in games was by Trip Hawkins. He became the first video game producer when he founded Electronic Arts in 1982. Hawkins believed that a video game producer could be like a record producer, who takes control over the whole development of a video game. Hawkins brought record producers from A&M Records to help train the first video game producers.

Back then, video game producer had a negative reputation as "imitation Hollywood" by game executives and press members. However, it is now a term that is accepted and used more often in video games. The role of the video game producer has been defined by different companies and different teams. There are a number of positions of a producer.

Video game producers earn the third most money in the video game industry. They earn an average of USD$75,000 annually. Associate producers with less than three years experience earn $43,000. However, those between three to six years of experience earn an average of $55,700 annually. Executive producers with over six years experience earn an average of $103,000 annually.


Azathioprine

Azathioprine is an immunosuppressant drug. It is used in, for example, the organ transplantation of kidneys. 

Video game artist

A game artist is an artist who creates art for video games. Game artists are in charge of all game development of visual art.

Many game artists are asked to develop graphical environments and elements in which role-playing games take place. For example, in the "Monster Manual" early "Dungeons & Dragons" artists created visual imitations of monsters players might see while playing the video game.

Visual art can help make the gameplay of a video game more appealing to a player. Art for role-playing games can be expressed in a lot of different ways. These can include from pencil drawings, pen and ink drawings, oil paintings or even 3D models created with a computer.

Video game music

Video game music is any musical instruments or soundtrack and background music found in video games. It can be from just a synthesizer tune to an orchestral piece. The older a game is, the simpler the music will be. In recent times, many games have had complex soundtracks similar to those of movies. 

Interactive soundtracks in a video game is music changing into different sounds, depending on what the player does. It is also common for a video game soundtrack to be sold in stores or performed in concerts. Music is very important to gameplay.

There are many awards for composers who create the music in a video game. Awards available are from the Ivor Novello Awards, Spike Video Game Awards, Grammy Awards, International Film Music Critics Association, Inside Gaming and the MTV Video Music Awards.

Video game music can set the mood of a video game, which can help the player to understand the video game that they're playing.


Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine

Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine (OPM) was a monthly video game magazine. It was published by Ziff Davis Media. It was a sister publication of "Electronic Gaming Monthly". The magazine talked about anything that dealt with the PlayStation.

Topics included its hardware, software, and culture. It covered new video game releases and critics gave reviews on games available on PlayStation One, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable.

The magazine was known for its free demos it included in each issue. The demos were upcoming or new video games that might be interesting to buy by the player. The magazine was produced for almost ten years. The first issue was the September 1997 issue and the final issue was released on January 2007.

In December 2007, one month after the magazine was discontinued, the "" (PSM), replaced OPM as the official magazine focusing on Sony game consoles.

In the last issue of "OPM" staff included:
Past members included: 


Adolphe Nourrit

Adolphe Nourrit (3 March 1802 – 8 March 1839) was a French operatic tenor, librettist, and composer.

He was born in Montpellier, Hérault. His father was an operatic tenor. Nourrit was almost 20 when he made his professional operatic debut in 1821 in Gluck's "Iphigénie en Tauride". In 1826, he succeeded his father as the principal tenor at the Paris Opéra. He held the position until 1836. He became a pupil of Rossini, and created all the principal tenor roles in Rossini's French operas. In time, he gained considerable power at the Opéra. He was consulted by composers and his approval was sought for works in progress. He was appointed to the Conservatoire de Paris in 1827. He wrote many libretti for ballets at the Opéra, and, in 1832, he wrote the libretto for "La Sylphide", the seminal romantic ballet. In 1836, he went hoarse during a performance at the Opéra and thereafter turned to salon recitals, introducing Schubert's songs to the salon audiences. He studied in Naples with Donizetti and made his debut in that city in 1838. 
His physical and mental health declined and in 1839 he committed suicide. He was buried in Montmartre Cemetery with his wife, who only survived him by a few months, dying in childbirth.


Pierre-Luc-Charles Cicéri

Pierre-Luc-Charles Cicéri (17 August 178222 August 1868) was a 19th century French set designer. He was born in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine, and died in Saint-Chéron, Essonne. Cicéri designed the scenery for the first performance of "La belle au bois dormant" which opened on 2 March 1825 at the Théâtre de l'Académie Royale de Musique in Paris. He also designed the sets for a ballet version of "Jocko ou le Singe du Brésil" ("Jocko or the Monkey of Brazil") by Frédéric-Auguste Blache with music by Alexandre Piccinni. The ballet was first performed at the Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin in Paris on 16 March 1825. He designed the scenery for the first performance of the ballet "Giselle" in 1841. The ballet opened at the Opéra and was especially acclaimed for the setting of its second act. He was awarded a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur.

Jesse Robredo

Jesse Manalastas Robredo (May 27, 1958 – August 18, 2012) was the Secretary of the Interior and Local Government of the Philippines. Robredo was a member of the Liberal Party.

Until his death in 2012, Robredo was married to Leni Gerona who is the 14th and current Vice President of the Philippines.

On July 9, 2010, President Benigno Aquino III named Robredo as Secretary of the Interior and Local Government. Robredo was a former Mayor of Naga City in Camarines Sur. He was the first Filipino Mayor to receive the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Government Service in 2000.

On August 18, 2012 (PHT), the aircraft carrying Robredo crashed off Masbate bay. He was scheduled to attend a political event in Naga City. The Philippine Department of Interior and Local Government said that the pilot sent a distress call to the Masbate airport. The pilot was requesting an emergency landing. The plane never made it to the airport and crashed in the ocean. His body was retrieved three days later, August 21, 800 meters from the shore and 180 feet below sea level.


Michael Stuhlbarg

Michael S. Stuhlbarg (born July 5, 1968), is an American theatre, movie and television actor. His most important movie roles are "Larry Gopnik" in "A Serious Man" (2009), and "Griffin" in "Men in Black 3" (2012). Stuhlbarg is Jewish. He recently appeared as "Dr. Robert Hoffstetler/Dimitri Mosenkov" in "The Shape of Water" (2017).

Mount Herzl

Mount Herzl (, ), also called "Har HaZikaron" (, which means "Mount of Remembrance"), is the national cemetery of Israel in Jerusalem. It is named for Theodor Herzl, the founder of modern political Zionism. Yad Vashem, the main Holocaust museum of Israel is on the Mount of Remembrance. It is an extension of Mount Herzl. Mount Herzl is 834 meters above sea level. The northern area is the National Military and Police cemetery and the southern area is the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel.

The southern slope of Mount Herzl is dedicated to the leaders and important public persons of the state of Israel. In Hebrew this cemetery is called Helkat Gdolei Ha'Uma ("the section of the great people of the nation"). The cemetery region includes national memorials of the Israeli public and memorial gardens of leaders that visit the state of Israel.

Mount Herzl Plaza is central ceremonial plaza in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. The plaza is used for the opening ceremony of Israel Independence Day every year. On the northern side of the plaza is the grave of Theodor Herzl, the founder of modern political Zionism. The plaza is at the highest spot of Mount Herzl in the center of the national cemetery. On 18 April 2012, during the rehearsals for the Independence Day ceremony, an electrical lamppost fell down. It killed one soldier and wounded seven other soldiers. The soldier was buried in the military cemetery nearby.

The Menorah sculpture is at the entrance to Mount Herzl. It is dedicated to the Third Temple. It was made in 2002 by sculptor Ben Zion Tzefoni.

The Garden of the Nations is a public garden. It has been planted with olives trees by foreign leaders visiting Israel. Each tree is has a plaque with the name of the leader who planted it.

The Herzl Museum is a biographical museum. It tells the story of Theodor Herzl and his vision to create a Zionist country. The museum opened in 2005.

Mount Herzl Educational Center - The Stella and Alexander Margolis Educational Center for study of Zionism is located beside the Herzl Museum. It opened in 2013. A small memorial garden to Norman Herzl was planted beside the study center.

The memorial path was designed by the architect Uri Abramson and was built by Israeli youth organizations in 2003. It tells the story of the birth of the state of Israel, from the beginning of the Zionism until the declaration of the state. The path runs from the National Civil Cemetery to Yad Vashem.

The Victims of Acts of Terror Memorial is the main memorial for all victims of terrorism in Israel from 1851 until today. The Memorial was opened in 1997, and every year, a ceremony is held on the plaza of the memorial.

The main Israel Defense Forces cemetery is on the northern slope of Mt. Herzl. The cemetery includes memorials to members of the IDF who have fallen in the line of duty, and memorial gardens to the people who fought for the pre Zionist state. The Israel Police cemetery, for police officers who have fallen in the line of duty, is also located there.

The Garden of Those Missing in Action is a Memorial Garden in the National Military and Police Cemetery dedicated to people who have gone missing in action so that their burial place is unknown. It is also dedicated to the memory of unknown soldiers. In the garden there is a wall of names of people hwo have gone missing starting in 1914 until the present day. Beside it, empty graves represent missing soldiers and officers who have fought in the Israeli Defense Forces.

The National Memorial Hall For Israel's Fallen () at Mount Herzl in Jerusalem is an initiative of the Israeli Ministry of Defense to commemorate all military Israeli casualties of war and Jewish fighters from 1860 until today. The proposal to build the hall was announced by Defense Minister Ehud Barak in 2010.

In 2012, the Israeli government approved the establishment of the National Memorial Hall at a cost of $40 million. Certification has been delayed because of a petition to the court by families of terror victims. They say that there is no mention in the hall of the names of those victims, although the Hall is planned to be built next to the main memorial to Israeli terror victims.

The Memorial Hall opened on 30 April 2017.
In the center of the hall is the eternal flame dedicated to the unknown soldiers of Israel. This means at least one unidentified set of remains is buried there so that the families of soldiers whose bodies were never brought back can go there, imagine it is their dead relative, and mourn.

An ancient Jewish burial cave from the Second Temple period was found in the military cemetery in 1954. Architect Asher Hiram designed a new entrance for the cave, so it is included in the cemetery.

The Mount of Remembrance is the western summit of Mount Herzl. It is 806 meters above sea level. It is called Mount of Remembrance in memory of the victims of the Holocaust. Yad Vashem museum is on the top of the mountain.

Yad Vashem is the national Holocaust museum of Israel. The museum includes the International School for Holocaust Studies, the International Institute for Holocaust Research, the Valley of the Destroyed Communities, the Hall of Names, and the Righteous Among the Nations memorial path.






National Library of Israel

The National Library of Israel (NLI; ; formerly the Jewish National and University Library - JNUL, ), is the national library of the state of Israel. It is on the campus of Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Givat Ram.


Israel Museum

The Israel Museum (, Muze'on Yisrael, Yerushalayim) is Israel's national museum. It is in Jerusalem. It was founded in 1965. It is on a hill in the Givat Ram near The National Campus for the Archaeology of Israel, Bible Lands Museum and the Knesset.


Emperor newt

The emperor newt ("Tylototriton shanjing") is a highly toxic newt. It lives in southeast Asia. They live in pools and slow-moving streams in subtropical forests.They mostly are awake during night and sleep during the day. The emperor newt usually eats small insects. These include crickets and worms. 

It is also called the mandarin newt or mandarin salamander. They can grow up to long. It has a ridged orange head. A single orange ridge runs along its back. This ridge is lined with two parallel rows of orange bumps on a black background. The tail and legs are entirely orange. There are different shades of orange.

When the newt is grabbed, the tips of the ribs will squeeze out poison. Emperor newts have enough toxin to kill about 7,500 mice. 

Elle Varner

Gabrielle Shellise Varner (born February 12, 1989), simply known as Elle Varner is an American singer-songwriter. Her parents, Mikelyn Roderick and Jimmy Varner were publishers and songwriters. Elle signed a recording agreement with Sony Music in 2009. Her debut album "Perfectly Imperfect" was released on August 7, 2012. Two singles from the album were released: "Only Wanna Give It to You" and "Refill". The singles reached the top twenty on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

Elle is of Cape Verdean descent. She is the daughter of Mikelyn Roderick and Jimmy Varner. They are publishers and songwriters. Roderick was a backing vocalist for Barry White and has written and recorded with Tevin Campbell and Rahsaan Patterson. Jimmy Varner has done collaborations with Gerald Alston, Kool & the Gang, and Will Downing.

Elle began playing the flute at age 6 and the piano at age 9. She grew up around recording studios because of her parents jobs. She attended Alexander Hamilton High School's Academy of Music's Vocal Jazz Group. She wrote songs while being there. One of which "Thankful" won the top prize at their talent show. Because of this, she was accepted in NYU's Clive Davis Department of Recorded Music. She graduated there in 2008. In October 2009, she signed a recording agreement with MBK/J-RCA Records along with an agreement with Sony Music. She became the first artist to be featured on BET's Music Matters campaign that same year.

Elle's debut single "Only Wanna Give It to You" was released on August 6, 2011, from her debut album "Perfectly Imperfect" (2012). It features American rapper J. Cole. It got to number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In October 2011, Elle was listed as one of TheBoomBox's "15 Artists to Watch". On October 7, 2011, Elle was moved to RCA Records.

Elle released a mixtape "Conversational Lush" on January 23, 2012, as a promotion of her new album. The song "Refill" was released as the second single on January 31, 2012, on iTunes. It debuted at number 78 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Elle's debut album was released on August 7, 2012 and got to number three on the US "Billboard" 200 albums chart.




Perfectly Imperfect

Perfectly Imperfect is the first album by American singer-songwriter Elle Varner. It was released on August 7, 2012 by RCA Records. Songwriters and producers on the album include Jermaine Lamar Cole, Andrew "Pop" Wansel, Warren "Oak" Felder, Frankie Storm and Darrhyl Camper.

On January 23, 2012, Varner released a mixtape, titled "Conversational Lush" as part of a promotion for the album. The mixtape was released after the first single of the album, "Only Wanna Give It to You". The mixtape includes 13 tracks, and production from J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, Bei Maejor, Andrew "Pop" Wansel and Warren "Oak" Felderand.

There have been three singles to have been released. The lead single "Only Wanna Give It to You" was released on August 16, 2011. It features American rapper J. Cole. It got to number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The second single "Refill" was released on January 31, 2012. It got to number 10 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. "I Don't Care" was released on July 16, 2012, the third single. It got to number 80 on the same chart.

Allmusic compared the album to the debuts of American singer Chrisette Michele and Jazmine Sullivan. Allmusic gave a positive review saying ""Perfectly Imperfect" sounds like the assured work of a singer and songwriter -- one who co-composes and co-produces her material -- who is on her third or fourth album." They also liked Varner's vocals.

Credits for "Perfectly Imperfect":

Elle Varner discography

Elle Varner, an American singer-songwriter, has released one studio album, one mixtape, three singles, one promotional single and two music videos.


Johann Friedrich Franz Burgmüller

Friedrich Burgmüller (Johann Friedrich Franz Burgmüller, 4 December 1806 – 13 February 1874) was a German pianist and composer. He was born in Regensberg, Germany, to a musical family. In 1832, he settled in Paris and adopted the French musical style. He wrote many works for piano, especially etudes for children that are still played today. His best known work is probably the "Peasant pas de deus" (originally "Souvenirs de Ratisbonne") in Adolphe Adam's ballet "Giselle" (1841). It is not known how this music came to be inserted into the ballet.


Hurricane Richard

Hurricane Richard was the seventeenth named storm and the tenth hurricane of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season. The National Hurricane Center declared it a tropical storm on October 20.

Throughout Belize, Hurricane Richard caused about US$80 million in damage. Two deaths took place in the country, one direct and the other indirect. One person drowned after his ship broke during the storm. Another was mauled to death by a jaguar that escaped its cage after a tree fell and broke the cage.

Belize District

The Belize District is a district of the nation of Belize. The district capital is the nation's largest city, Belize City.

San Pedro Town, which is on the island of Ambergris Caye, is also in the Belize District. Caye Caulker and St. George's Caye are the island villages in this district. Maskall, Bomba, Corozalito, Santana, Lucky Strike, Rockstone Pond, Boston, Crooked Tree, Biscayne, May Pen, Gardenia, Grace Bank, Sand Hill, Lord's Bank, Ladyville, Burrel Boom, Buttercup, Scotland Halfmoon, Flowers Bank, Bermudian Landing, Isabella Bank, Double Head Cabbage, Willows Bank, Saint Paul's Bank, Big Falls, Rancho Dolores, Hattieville, Freetown Sibun, Gracie Rock, La Democracia, and Gales Point are all mainland villages in the Belize District. The Crooked Tree and Monkey Bay Wildlife Sanctuaries, the Belize Zoo (30 miles west of Belize City), as well as the ancient Maya ruins of Altun Ha are all in this district.

The Belize District was the area first settled by Europeans. They lived along the rivers and creeks because these waterways were used for transportation. Many of the estates were called the owner's 'bank'(as in the banks of a river). Therefore, Mr. Lord's estate on the bank of the Belize River became Lord's Bank. Mr. Flowers' home place on this same river became Flowers Bank. Many of these old estates have grown into villages. Other places such as Baker, Bob Eiley, Bocotora, Nago Bank, Washing Tree, Cedar Bank, Churchyard, Egypt, Watters Bank, and White Hill are old estates which did not become villages. Some places like Davis Bank and Tropical Park have now become parts of larger communities.

Most of the Belize District is in the east central mainland of Belize. The Belize District also includes offshore islands, including Ambergris Caye, Caye Caulker, St. George's Caye, Caye Chapel, English Caye and Goff's Caye. Ambergris Caye and Caye Caulker are two of the country's main tourism areas. The longest river in the country, the Belize River, passes through the district and joins the Caribbean Sea along its coast. The Northern River, Sibun River, and Manatee River are also in this District.

Atelopus longirostris

Atelopus longirostris, a harlequin frog or jambato, is a member of the family of true toads: Bufonidae. It has only been found in northern Ecuador. It was believed to be extinct extinct, and species had not been seen since 1989, until its rediscovery im 2016

"Atelopus longirostris" has a slender body with long legs. Males have legs up to 35 mm, and females up to 47 mm. The dorsum is brown with yellow or cream rounded spots. The flanks are dark brown or black. The venter is whitish with some brown in the throat and chest.

Atelopus

Atelopus, commonly known as harlequin frogs, is a large genus of true toads. They live in Central and South America. They go as far north as Costa Rica and as far south as Bolivia. "Atelopus" are small, generally brightly colored and diurnal. Most species live near mid- to high-elevation streams. Many species are now considered endangered, while others already are extinct. The cause of these declines mostly appears to be the chytrid fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis".

New "Atelopus" species are discovered with some regularity. Many new species have been described in the last ten years. 

Adenomus

Adenomus is a small genus of true toads. It only has three species. These all live in Sri Lanka. "Adenomus kandianus" was thought to be extinct for 133 years. It was rediscovered in October 2009 in the Kandy area.


Altiphrynoides

Altiphrynoides is a genus of toads. They are commonly called Ethiopian toads. They only live in the highlands of south-central Ethiopia in the Arussi, Bale, and Sidamo provinces. Both species are threatened by habitat loss. They used to be included in "Nectophrynoides". Now they are separate because they lay eggs, while "Nectophrynoides" give birth to fully developed young.


Amietophrynus

Amietophrynus is a large genus of true toads. They live in Africa. At first "Amietophrynus" species were included in the genus "Bufo". They have been split because they are considered different enough.


Andinophryne

Andinophryne is a small genus of true toads. There are only three species. They are found in the Andes.

Ansonia (frog)

Ansonia (commonly known as stream toads) is a small genus of true toads. They are found in South India; northern Thailand; Malay Peninsula; Tioman Island; Borneo and Mindanao (Philippines). These are a small forest species. They spawn in streams and have torrent-adapted tadpoles.


Darryl F. Zanuck

Darryl Francis Zanuck (September 5, 1902 – December 22, 1979) was an American producer, writer, actor, director and studio executive. He played a major part in the Hollywood studio system. He earned three Academy Awards. His career lasted 48 years.

Zanuck was born in Wahoo, Nebraska on September 5, 1902 to Louise (née Torpin) and Frank Zanuck. Zanuck was married to Virginia Fox from 1924 until they separated in 1956. They had three children. One of their children was movie producer Richard D. Zanuck who produced "Jaws".

Zanuck died on December 22, 1979 in Palm Springs, California from jaw cancer. He was 77 years old.

Bufoides

Bufoides is a genus of true toad. Bufoides meghalayanus is the only species. They are known as "Mawblang Toad" or "Khasi Hills Toad". They live in north-eastern India.


Capensibufo

Capensibufo is a genus of true toads with only two species. The common English name is Cape Toads. They live in the Republic of South Africa from Breede River to north of Knysna, Western Cape Province.


Churamiti

Churamiti is a genus of the true toads. The only species is Churamiti maridadi. They live in Tanzania. It is listed as a critically endangered species. This is due to a restricted range and habitat loss. 

Crepidophryne

Crepidophryne is a genus of toads commonly called Cerro Utyum Toads. The genus has three species. They live throughout the Costa Rican and Panamian highlands.


Dendrophryniscus

Dendrophryniscus is a genus of true toads. They live in the forests of Brazil, amazonian Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and the Guianas. They prefer to live in subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.


Virginia Fox

Virginia Fox (April 2, 1902 – October 14, 1982) was an American actress who starred in many silent movie of the 1910s and 1920s, her career spanned 14 years. 

Fox was born in Wheeling, West Virginia to Marie (née Oglseby) and Frederick Fox. She was married to Darryl F. Zanuck from 1924 until they separated in 1956. They had three children, one of them was movie producer Richard D. Zanuck. Fox died on October 14, 1982 in Palm Springs, California from emphysema and from cerebral thrombosis, she was 80 years old.

 

Didynamipus

Didynamipus is a genus in the Bufonidae family. Didynamipus sjostedti, also called the four-digit toad, is the only species. They live in Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, and Nigeria. They prefer to live in subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest. They are threatened by habitat loss.


Duttaphrynus

Duttaphrynus is a genus of true toads. They live in southwestern and southern China (including Taiwan and Hainan) and throughout southern Asia from northern Pakistan and Nepal through India to Sri Lanka, Andaman Island, Sumatra, Java, Borneo, and Bali.

These toads have heads with bony ridges. The nose area is short and blunt. The first finger of these toads is longer than the second. The toes are half webbed. The toads are brown above and yellow beneath, marbled with brown. 


Natterjack toad

The natterjack toad ("Epidalea calamita", formerly "Bufo calamita") is a toad. They live in the sandy and heathland areas of Europe. Adults are 60–70 mm in length. They are different from other toads because they have a yellow line down the middle of the back. They have relatively short legs. This gives them a distinctive gait, which is different than the hopping movement of many other toad species.

Natterjacks have a very loud and distinctive mating call.

Natterjacks live for up to 15 years and feed on insects, worms and small reptiles. At night they move around open land with little vegetation. Their tracks can often be seen in loose sand. They move large distances each night.

The Natterjack Toad spawns between the end of April and July. They lay 'strings' of eggs in shallow, warm pools. Because the Natterjack Toad is often present in low numbers, its loud mating calls are important so that the sexes can find each other.

For Natterjacks, pools need to have a small slope with little vegetation on the banks and in the water. Sometimes the larvae die when the pools dry out. The Natterjack mates a few times each summer. The age of the young can vary from a month to 3 months in September. 

There are toads in seventeen European countries. In the British Isles the toad is mostly in coastal areas. In mainland Europe, particularly in the southern part of its range, it lives inland in a variety of places.

The Natterjack Toad is the only species of toad native to Ireland. It is found on the Dingle peninsula and Derrynane in County Kerry and also in County Wexford.

Frostius

Frostius — also called Frost's Toads — is a small genus of true toads. There are only two species.


Ingerophrynus

Ingerophrynus is a genus of true toads with eleven species. Ten of the species in this genus used to be thought to be species of the genus "Bufo". In 2007 a new species, "Ingerophrynus gollum", was added to this genus. This species is named after the character Gollum created by J. R. R. Tolkien. These species live in Southern Yunnan and Indochina; peninsular Thailand and Malaya to Sumatra, Borneo, Java, Nias Island, and Sulawesi.


Liquidity preference

In Macroeconomics, the liquidity preference is the demand to hold cash as risk-free wealth. This is also known as Cash preference. The idea was first developed by John Maynard Keynes in his book The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money (1936).

Miroslava Karpovich

Miroslava Olegovna Karpovich (, ; born on March 1, 1986 in Berdyansk, Ukrainian SSR, USSR) is a Ukraine-born Russian movie, television and theatre actress, comedian, model. Most famous for role of Maria Vasnetsova in sitcom "", where she has been playing since July 13, 2007.

Saina Nehwal

Saina Nehwal (born March 17, 1990) is an Indian female athlete. She is best known as a badminton player who competed in the Summer Olympic Games.

Saina won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

SAINA NEHWAL was awarded the Arjuna Award in 2009 and a year later, the Government of India honoured her with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian honour in India.

In 2009, Nehwal was honoured with India’s highest award for sporting excellence - the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award.

In 2016, the Government of India awarded Saina Nehwal the Padma Bhushan. It is the 3rd highest civilian honour in the country.

She became the first Indian badminton player to win a BWF Series event and continued to impress on her way to winning the gold medal at the Commonwealth Games in 2010.

In 2015, Saina Nehwal won the singles event at the India Open BWF Super Series and became the number 1 women’s player in the Badminton World Federation rankings.


Laurentophryne parkeri

Laurentophryne parkeri, also called Parker's tree toad, is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is the only species in the genus Laurentophryne. They live in the Kivu region in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.

It is threatened by habitat loss.


Leptophryne

Leptophryne is a small genus of true toads. There are only two species. They are found in southeast Asia, in Peninsular Thailand through the Malay Peninsula.


Melanophryniscus

Melanophryniscus (South American Redbelly Toads) is a genus of toads. There are 25 amphibian species located in Argentina, south of Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.


Mertensophryne

Mertensophryne or "Snouted Frogs" is a genus of true toads. They live in eastern and southern Democratic Republic of Congo to Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, southeastern Zimbabwe and Mozambique. 



Sapito Rugoso Del Marahuaka

The Sapito Rugoso Del Marahuaka (Metaphryniscus sosae) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is the only species in the genus "Metaphryniscus". It lives in Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.


Nectophryne

Nectophryne, or African tree toads, is a genus of true toads. There are only two species. They live in western Africa - Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, northeastern Congo, Bioko and Equatorial Guinea. 


Filling Station (ballet)

Filling Station is a one-act ballet. The libretto (story) is based on a newspaper report. Virgil Thomson wrote the music. Lew Christensen choreographed (designed) the dances. Christensen performed the role of Mac, the filling station attendant. Paul Cadmus designed the sets and costumes. The ballet was first performed in Hartford, Connecticut by Ballet Caravan in November 1937. A performance was given at the Martin Beck Theater in New York City on May 18, 1939, with Christensen again in the role of the attendant.

Mac is a young, good-looking filling station attendant. His evening solitude is broken by two young and greasy but good-natured truck drivers. The State Trooper (policeman) enters in pursuit. He lectures the boys on their disregard for the speed limit. A brash motorist, his wife, and bratty child interrupt. The Rich Boy and The Rich Girl enter. They are drunken refugees from a country club dance. They rhumba and the others join them. Suddenly, a gangster enters shooting his gun. Mac, the truck drivers, and The State Trooper thwart his attempt to stage a robbery. The Rich Girl however is caught in the gangster's line of fire and dies on the pavement. Her limp body is carried off. The spectators drift away. Mac settles down with his radio and a newspaper to wait for business.

Dance historian Grace Robert praises the ballet in her book "The Borzoi Book of Ballets". She singles out the characterizations in particular, noting that they are "definite and well-rounded" and that all of them are seen in terms that are "balletic". She points to the pursuit of the gangster as an especially effective moment. On a darkened stage, several figures with flashlights perform "grand jetée" (leaps). The beams of light and flying figures create an effect "dramatic out of all proportion to the simplicity of the means employed." The ballet was popular in South America when it was performed there in 1941 by an American company assembled by Lincoln Kirstein. Writing in 1949, Robert noted that only the score survived at that date but a suite arranged from it was heard occasionally in concert or on the radio.

Billy the Kid (ballet)

Billy the Kid is a one-act ballet. The libretto (story) is attributed to Lincoln Kirstein and is based on the life of Billy the Kid. The music was written by Aaron Copland. Eugene Loring designed the dances. Jared French designed the scenery and costumes. The ballet was first performed in Chicago in October 1938. It was performed in New York City at the Martin Beck Theater on May 24, 1939 with Loring as Billy and Marie-Jeanne in the dual role of Mother and Mexican Sweetheart. During Christmas week 1939, the ballet was presented at the St. James Theater in New York City with Michael Kidd as Billy and Alicia Alonso as Mother and Mexican Sweetheart.

The ballet opens with pioneers heading west led by Pat Garrett in "March". In "Street Scene", cowboys, Indians, dance hall girls, and other western types throng the street of a town. Billy and his Mother enter as a brawl breaks out. Alias (as cowboy) kills Billy's Mother with a wild shot. Billy stabs Alias and runs away. 

In "Billy's Soliloquy", Billy shoots Alias (as land agent) during a card game. In "Card Game on the Desert" and "Gun Battle", Garrett accuse Billy of cheating at cards and goes off. The posse approaches led by Alias (as sheriff). Billy's gang is killed, but Billy kills Alias. The posse takes him to jail. At the end of "Macabre Dance", the Mexican Sweetheart enters looking for Billy. In "Jail Scene" Billy escapes by killing Alias (as jailer). 

In "Desert", Alias (as Indian Guide) leads Billy to the Mexican Sweetheart's hide-out. Billy has no thought for anyone but himself and the Sweetheart leaves. The Indian Guide returns with Garrett, and, when Billy lights a cigarette in the darkness, Garret kills him ("Billy's Death"). Mexican women mourn Billy's death in "Pietà". The ballet ends with Garret leading pioneers in "Closing March".

Calico

Calico may mean:





Ballet d'action

Ballet d'action is an 18th-century ballet movement. It was started by French choreographer Jean Georges Noverre in 1760. The movement focused on character and emotional expression through dancers' bodies and faces, instead of elaborate costumes and props. Noverre started the movement because he was unhappy with the attention focused on technical expertise. He expressed his views in his book "Lettres sur la danse et les ballets". He stated there that the purpose of ballet is "to represent characters and express their feelings" through movement rather than costume.

Nectophrynoides

Nectophrynoides is a genus of true toads. They live in Eastern Arc forests and wetlands in Tanzania. All but "N. tornieri" are threatened. Species of the genus are ovoviviparous: fertilization is internal, and the females give birth to fully developed, small toadlets. Together with the West Africa "Nimbaphrynoides", they are the only frogs/toads in the world that do not lay eggs.


Nimbaphrynoides

Nimbaphrynoides is a genus of true toads. They live in the highlands in the Mount Nimba region of the West African countries of Guinea, Liberia and Côte d'Ivoire. They are Critically Endangered due to habitat loss, and iron and bauxite mining in their small ranges.

The two species are viviparous. This means they have internal fertilisation. The female gives birth to fully developed, tiny toadlets. "Nectophrynoides" and "Nimbaphrynoides" are the only frogs/toads that do not lay eggs.


Oreophrynella

Oreophrynella (bush toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in southern Venezuela, Guyana and far northern Brazil.


Black-knobbed map turtle

The black-knobbed map turtle ("Graptemys nigrinoda") is a species of aquatic turtles. Their skin is light gray and have spikes on their shell. They are part of the "Graptemys" genus and were once called the black-knobbed sawback turtle. They live in rivers in the Mobile Bay in Alabama and Mississippi.


Amazonas (Venezuela)

Amazonas is one of the 23 states into which Venezuela is divided. Amazonas State covers a total surface area of 176,899 km² and, in 2007, had a population of 142,200.

The state capital is Puerto Ayacucho. Amazonas has Venezuela's highest proportion of indigenous peoples of Venezuela.

In this state comes the main river of Venezuela, the Orinoco, in the mount delgado Chalbaud. Other rivers in the state are: Ventuari river, Yatití, Parú, Asita, Manapiare, Marieta, Guapachí, Ocamo, Putaco, Padamo, Cuntinamo, Botamo, Matacuní, Ugueto, Mavaca, Manaviche, Cunucunuma, Guanane, Yagua, Guaviare, Sipapo, Cataniapo Atabapo, Uesete, Siapa, Ararí, Manipitare, Casiquiare, Pamoni, Pasiba, Pasimoni, Negro and Guainía.

The State of Amazonas has many natural sites of great interest.


The rich fauna of the region is represented by numerous specimens of mammals, reptiles, fish and birds.


Osornophryne

Osornophryne (Plump Toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in Colombia and Ecuador.


Pedostibes

Pedostibes (Asian Tree Toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in South India, Malay Peninsula to Borneo and Sumatra. They have horizontal pupils and webbed fingers and toes.


Pelophryne

Pelophryne (Flathead Toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in the Philippines, Borneo, Malaya, Singapore and Hainan Island, China.


Pseudobufo subasper

Pseudobufo subasper is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is the only species in the genus Pseudobufo. They are found in Indonesia and Malaysia. They live in subtropical or tropical swamps. They are threatened by habitat loss.

This toad can only be found in peat swamps. They have fully webbed back feet.



Rhinella

Rhinella (Beaked Toads or Rio Viejo Toads) is a subgenus of Bufo. Some people call it its own genus. It has 71 species of true toads. They live in Central and South America. 

Note: Species below are shown as species of "Rhinella". They are treated as species of "Bufo" by many authors.

African red toad

The African red toad or African split-skin toad ("Schismaderma carens") is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is the only species in the genus Schismaderma.

It is found in Angola, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Lesotho.
It lives in many habitats. These are dry savanna, moist savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marches, arable land, pastureland, urban areas, water storage areas, ponds, canals and ditches, and man-made karsts.


Truebella

Truebella is a genus of true toads. They live in Peru at the Ayacucho and Junín regions.



Werneria

Werneria (smalltongue toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea.



Wolterstorffina

Wolterstorffina (Wolterstorff Toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in Nigeria and Cameroon.


Common toad

The common toad or European toad ("Bufo bufo") is an amphibian. They are found in most of Europe, except for Ireland, Iceland and some Mediterranean islands. The toad usually lies hidden during the day. It becomes active at dusk and spends the night hunting for the invertebrates on which it feeds. It moves with a slow ungainly walk or a short jump. It has a greyish brown skin covered with wart-like lumps.

The toads in this genus are known as true toads. They have no teeth, a dry warty skin and horizontal pupils to the eyes.

The common toad can grow to about in length. Females grow larger than males. Those in the south tend to be larger than ones in the north. The head is broad with a wide mouth. The nose has two small nostrils. There are no teeth. The large, protruding eyes have yellow or copper coloured irises and horizontal slit-shaped pupils. They have a noxious substance called bufotoxin. It is used to keep away predators. The head joins the body without a noticeable neck. There is no external vocal sac. The body is broad and squat. The front limbs are short with the toes of the front feet turning inwards. At breeding time, the male gets nuptial pads on the first three fingers. These are to hold the female. The back legs are short and the back feet have long, unwebbed toes. There is no tail. The skin is dry and covered with small warts. The colour is brown, olive-brown or greyish-brown. Sometimes it is partly blotched or banded with a darker shade. The common toad tends to be sexually dimorphic. The females are browner and the males greyer.

Common toads can live for many years. They have lived for fifty years in captivity. In the wild, common toads are thought to live for about ten to twelve years. Their age can be found by counting the number of yearly growth rings in the bones of their phalanges.

The common toad usually moves by walking rather slowly or in short jumps using all four legs. It spends the day hiding. It comes out at dusk. It may travel some distance in the dark while hunting. It is most active in wet weather. By morning it has returned to its base. It may live in the same place for several months. It has a large appetite and eats woodlice, slugs, beetles, caterpillars, flies, worms and even small mice. Small, fast moving prey may be caught by a flick of the tongue. Larger items are grabbed with the jaws. Having no teeth, it swallows food whole in a series of gulps. It will try to eat any small, dark coloured, moving object it encounters at night. A research study showed that it would snap at a moving piece of black paper as if it were prey. It would ignore a larger moving piece. On occasion, the common toad sheds its skin which comes away in tattered pieces. The skin is then eaten.
When attacked, the common toad puffs up its body and stands with its back end raised and its head lowered. Its main means of defence is a foul tasting secretion. It has a bufotoxin called bufagin and is enough to keep away many predators. Grass snakes seem to be unaffected by it. Other predators of adult toads include hedgehogs, rats and mink, and even domestic cats. Birds that feed on toads include herons, crows and birds of prey. The tadpoles also have noxious substances which keep fishes from eating them but not the great crested newt. Aquatic invertebrates that feed on toad tadpoles include dragonfly larvae, diving beetles and water boatmen. These usually avoid the noxious secretion by puncturing the tadpole's skin and sucking out its juices.

A parasitic fly, "Lucilia bufonivora", attacks adult common toads. It lays its eggs on the toad's skin. When these hatch, the larvae crawl into the toad's nostrils and eat its flesh.

The common toad comes out of hibernation in spring. Large numbers of toads move towards the breeding ponds. The toads meet on certain ponds that they favour. Adults use the same pond year after year. Over 80% of males marked as juveniles have been found to return to the pond at which they were spawned.

The males arrive first and stay for several weeks. The females only stay long enough to mate and spawn. Rather than fighting for the right to mate with a female, male toads use the pitch of their voice. Croaking gives a sign of body size and prowess. Fights do sometimes happen. Male toads outnumber female toads at breeding ponds.

The males mount on the females' backs. They hold the females with their front limbs in a grip called amplexus. The males are very enthusiastic. They will try to grasp fish or inanimate objects and often mount on the backs of other males. Sometimes several toads form a heap, each male trying to grasp the female at the base. It is a stressful period and deaths are high among breeding toads. A successful male stays in amplexus for several days. The female lays a long, double string of small black eggs. He fertilises them with his sperm. The egg strings may have 3,000 to 6,000 eggs and be in length. They get tangled in plant stalks.

The strings of eggs absorb water and swell in size. Small tadpoles hatch out after two to three weeks. At first they hold onto the remains of the strings and feed on the jelly. They later attach themselves to the underside of the leaves of water weed before becoming free swimming. The tadpoles look like those of the common frog ("Rana temporaria"). They are a darker colour, being blackish above and dark grey below. They can be told apart from the tadpoles of other species by the fact that the mouth is the same width as the space between the eyes, and this is twice as large as the distance between the nostrils. Over a few weeks their legs develop and their tail slowly gets reabsorbed. By twelve weeks of age, they are small toads measuring about long and ready to leave the pond.

The common toad reaches maturity at three to seven years.

The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species says the common toad is of Least Concern. This is because it lives in many areas and is common in those areas. It is not threatened very much by habitat loss. It can live in many different areas. Chytridiomycosis, an infectious disease of amphibians, has been reported in common toads in Spain and the United Kingdom. This may affect some populations.

The toad has long been thought to be an animal of ill omen or a connection to the other world. This may be because it is at home both on land and in the water. It may cause people to not like it because of its blackish, warty skin, its slow movements and the way it comes from some dark hole.

One of the earliest references to toads as being linked to the forces of darkness was when Zoroaster said in 600 BC that all toads should be killed. In Europe in the Middle Ages, the toad was associated with the Devil, whose coat-of-arms has three toads on it. It was thought that the toad could poison people. It was also thought that it was the witch's familiar and thus had magical powers. In France it was thought that witches could be found because they were marked by a toad's foot somewhere on their body. In Dorset it was believed that if one found a toad in the house it should be removed without harming it or the householder would face the wrath of the witch whose familiar it was. In some areas, the finding of a toad in a house was seen as evidence that a witch was present. The saliva of the toad was thought to be poisonous. It was believed that it could spit or vomit poisonous fire. It was thought unlucky for a toad to jump over one's foot and in some regions, this was a sign of death. Toads were associated with devils and demons and in "Paradise Lost". John Milton showed Satan as a toad when he poured poison into Eve's ear. The First Witch in Shakespeare's Macbeth gave instructions on using a toad in the making of spells:

The toad is also associated with female fecundity. Models of toads were left at shrines by women who wanted to conceive. In Romania it was believed that someone who killed a toad was able to kill their own mother. In Scottish folklore it was said that the tongue of a toad, carried by a man in his breast pocket, would let him have his way with any woman. It was also believed that there was a jewel inside a toad's head called a "toadstone". It was said that when worn as a necklace or ring would warn the wearer of attempts to poison them. Shakespeare mentioned this in "As you like it":

Touching a toad has long been thought to cause warts. This has been shown to be a myth and warts are actually caused by the human papillomavirus. They are transferred by direct contact from person to person.

Mr. Toad Esq. is one of the main characters in the children's novel, The Wind in the Willows, by Kenneth Grahame. This has been dramatized by several authors including A. A. Milne who called his play Toad of Toad Hall. Mr Toad is a very conceited,anthropomorphic toad.


Pelobatidae

The European spadefoot toads are a family of frogs, the Pelobatidae. There is only one living genus, called "Pelobates". It has four species. They live in Europe, the Mediterranean, northwestern Africa and western Asia.

The European spadefoot toads are small to large sized frogs. They grow up to in length. They burrow in sandy soils. They have a hardened growth on their feet to help in digging. They will come out from the ground during times of rain and breed in pools, which are usually temporary.

All of the species from this family have free-living, aquatic tadpoles. The eggs are laid in temporary ponds that may quickly evaporate. The tadpole stage is very short. They grow to adult form in as little as two weeks. To further speed their growth, some of the tadpoles are cannibalistic, eating their brood-mates to increase their supply of protein.

Family Pelobatidae


Archaeobatrachia

Archaeobatrachia is a suborder of Anura. It has various primitive frogs and toads. As the name literally suggests, these are the most primitive frogs. Many of the species (28 in total) show certain body features which are not in other frogs and toads. They are mostly found in Eurasia, New Zealand, the Philippines and Borneo. 

In addition, the family Ascaphidae is found in the Pacific Northwest of the United States. They are only represented by two species. 


Mesobatrachia

Mesobatrachia is the second largest of the Anura suborders of amphibians. It has 6 families, 20 genera and 168 species. The name suggests they are moderately old.

Mesobatrachia are a newer group. They were identified in 1993.


Tony Scott

Anthony David "Tony" Scott (21 June 1944 – 19 August 2012) was a British movie director. He was the younger brother of movie director Ridley Scott.

Scott was born in North Shields, the son of Elizabeth and Colonel Francis Percy Scott. Scott was educated at the Royal College of Art and at the University of Sunderland.

His movies include "The Hunger", "Top Gun", "Beverly Hills Cop II", "The Last Boy Scout", "True Romance", "Crimson Tide", "Enemy of the State", "Spy Game", "Man on Fire", "Déjà Vu", "The Taking of Pelham 123" and "Unstoppable". In 2010, the Scott brothers produced "The A-Team" of the television series. Scott's film, "Unstoppable", again starring Washington (with Chris Pine), the movie was released in November 2010.

Scott was married to Gerry Scott from 1967 until they divorced 1974. Second he married 1986 until they divorced in 1987. Lastly he married Donna W. Scott from 1994 until his death in 2012. He had 2 children.

On 19 August 2012, Scott had committed suicide by jumping off the Vincent Thomas Bridge in the San Pedro, Los Angeles, port district of Los Angeles, California. A memorial service was held and celebrities also attended; Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, Eddie Murphy, Denzel Washington, Gene Hackman, Elijah Wood, Dane Cook, Dwayne Johnson, Stephen Fry, Peter Fonda, and Keira Knightley where some that attended the memorial service.


James Gandolfini

James Joseph Gandolfini Jr. (September 18, 1961 – June 19, 2013) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Tony Soprano in the HBO television series, "The Sopranos". He won three Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award for his performance in the role.

Gandolfini was born on September 18, 1961 in Westwood, New Jersey. He was of Italian ancestry. He was raised in New Jersey. Gandolfini studied at Paramus Catholic High School.

He grew up in Park Ridge, New Jersey. Gandolfini graduated from Park Ridge High School in 1979. He played basketball and acted in school plays. He won the title "Class Flirt" in his senior yearbook. Gandolfini earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in communication studies from Rutgers University. While at Rutgers University, Gandolfini worked as a bouncer at local school pub. He also worked as a bartender and club manager not including his acting career. He first got his acting job as a young man living in New York City.

Gandolfini became famous for his role as Tony Soprano, a New Jersey Mafia boss and family man who was the lead character in the HBO drama "The Sopranos". The series started in 1999 and ran until 2007. He won three Emmy Awards for "Best Actor in a Drama" for his role as Soprano. "Entertainment Weekly" listed him as the 42nd Greatest TV Icon of All Time.

Gandolfini earned fame for this role, winning both the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series three times. With a career span of 20 years, Gandolfini's other roles include Virgil in "True Romance", Bobby Dougherty in "Crimson Tide", Bear in "Get Shorty", and Carol in "Where the Wild Things Are". In 2012, Gandolfini appeared in two major movies, "Killing Them Softly" and in "Zero Dark Thirty". He starred in the main role in the 2013 movie "Enough Said". It was released three months after his death. Gandolfini's last movie was the 2014 movie "The Drop".

Gandolfini was married to Marcy Wudarski from 1999 until they divorced in 2002. He was then married to Deborah Lin from 2008 until his death in 2013. With Wudarski he had a son named Michael (born 1999). He had one daughter with Lin, named Liliana Ruth (born 2012).

A fan of motorcycles, Gandolfini owned a Harley-Davidson and a Vespa scooter. On May 4, 2006, he was riding the Vespa in New York City traffic when it was hit by a taxi cab. Gandolfini had knee surgery because of the accident. The incident caused the production for "The Sopranos" to stop shooting for three months. The accident happened when Gandolfini was filming of the final "Sopranos" episodes.

On October 31, 2009, Gandolfini was in New York City when a photographer wanted to take a picture of him. Gandolfini lost his temper and punched the photographer. A year before the incident, Gandolfini punched a paparazzi at the John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City.

On June 19, 2013, Gandolfini died suddenly while vacationing in Rome. Ambulance staff arrived around 10:40pm and tried to save Gandolfini's life. It was said that Gandolfini was still alive at the hotel but died on the way to the hospital. Early reports thought the cause of death was either a heart attack or stroke. Later on June 20, 2013, hospital official said that Gandolfini died from cardiac arrest. It wasn't until on June 21 an autopsy was performed on Gandolfini. It was confirmed that he had died of a heart attack. "The Sopranos" creator David Chase called Gandolfini "a genius" and "his partner and brother". New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said he was "a New Jersey treasure".

Gandolfini's body was returned to the United States on June 23. Broadway dimmed theater marquee lights on the night of Wednesday, June 26 in Gandolfini's honor. His funeral was held at Saint John the Divine cathedral in Manhattan, New York on June 27. His remains were later cremated and given to his family.

Word of his death spread quickly with many of Gandolfini's friends. Former co-stars, many fans throughout the entertainment business along with politicians such as John McCain and Chris Christie taking to the internet to respond to his sudden death. Christie ordered all State buildings to fly flags at half-staff on June 24, to honor Gandolfini.

The day following his death, Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, which features Gandolfini's "Sopranos" co-star Steven Van Zandt on guitar, gave a full album performance of their 1975 classic "Born to Run". His performance was dedicated it to Gandolfini.

At the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards, Edie Falco honored the career and life of Gandolfini.


Sleep hygiene

Sleep hygiene is a set of of practices and changes in behavior that make it easier to get restful sleep. The concept of sleep hygiene was developed in the late 1970s as a method to help people with mild to moderate insomnia. 

Sleep hygiene recommendations include setting up a sleep schedule, using naps with care, not exercising physically or mentally too close to bedtime, reducing stress, reducing nighttime activity, and limiting bed use if not sleeping, to name a few. Other recommendations include avoiding alcohol, nicotine, caffeine, and other stimulants in the hours before bedtime, and having a peaceful, comfortable and dark sleep environment.

Doctors study the sleep hygiene of people who present with insomnia and other conditions, such as depression, and offer recommendations based on the assessment.

Parupalli Kashyap

Parupalli Kashyap () (born 8 September 1986), also known as Kashyap Parupalli, is an Indian athlete. He is best known as a badminton player who competed in the Summer Olympic Games.

Parupalli trained at Hyderabad.

In the 2012 Summer Olympics at London, Parupalli reached quarter-finals in the badminton tournament.


Sushil Kumar

Sushil Kumar is an Indian sportsman. He is best known as a wrestler who competed in two Summer Olympic Games.

In the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing, Kumar won a bronze medal in wrestling.

He won a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics at London. 


Gagan Narang

Gagan Narang (born 6 May 1983) is an Indian sportsman. His is best known as an shooter (marksman) who competed in three Summer Olympic Games.

He was born in Chennai on 6 May 1983 and his ancestors belonged to Samalkha in Panipat district in Haryana.
Gagan was born in Madras in Tamil Nadu. He was raised in Hyderabad.

Gagan Narang is a gold medalist in the Afro Asian games, 2003 in Hyderabad on October 26, 2003 in Men's 10m air rifle competition.
He also won gold medals in the Commonwealth Games in 2006 and 2010.

Gagan Narang won the bronze medal in the 10m air rifle event at the 2012 London Olympics


Zara Tindall

Zara Anne Elizabeth Tindall (née Phillips; born 15 May 1981) is a British equestrian and the second-eldest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.

Tindall is the second child, and only daughter, of Anne, Princess Royal and her first husband, Mark Phillips. She is married to Mike Tindall, who used to be a rugby player for England. She is better known by her maiden (old name before marriage) name. In the line of succession, she is called "Mrs Michael Tindall".

She was given an Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) honour in the 2007 New Year's Honours List, by her grandmother for her services to equestrianism. In 2012, she carried an Olympic flame at a racecourse in Cheltenham.

She won a silver medal at London 2012.

Tindall was born at St Mary's Hospital in London. She is the eldest granddaughter of Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. When she was born, she was sixth in line to the throne. She is now 18th in line.

She has an older brother, Peter Phillips (born 15 November 1977). She has two half-sisters, Felicity Tonkin (born in 1985 after her father had an affair) and Stephanie Phillips, born 2 October 1997, from her father's second marriage.

The children of the Princess Royal do not hold a title. It is thought their mother did not want them to have one.

On 21 December 2010, Buckingham Palace said she was engaged to Mike Tindall MBE. She got a diamond and platinum engagement ring from Tindall. They married in 2011. Her first daughter and child, Mia Grace Tindall, was born on 17 January 2014 at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital in Gloucestershire. Her second daughter and child, Lena Elizabeth Tindall was born on 18 June 2018 in Stroud Maternity Hospital at Stroud. A son, Lucas Philip Tindall, was born March 24, 2021 at Gatcombe Park in Gloucestershire. 

Jean-Georges Noverre

Jean-Georges Noverre (29 April 1727 – 19 October 1810) was a French dancer and ballet master (choreographer). He is considered the creator of the ballet d'action. He performed or held posts across Europe. His first great success was the ballet "Les Fêtes Chinoises". Other ballets include "Jason et Médée", "La Toilette de Venus", "Les Jalousies du sérail", "La dour corsaire" and "Le Jaloux sans rival". He expressed his views on dance in the book "Lettres sur la danse et les ballets" in 1756 (published in 1760). The French Revolution reduced Noverre to poverty. He died in 1810.

Ballet blanc

A ballet blanc (literally, "white ballet") is a ballet in the style of the 19th century romantic ballet. The ballerinas and the female members of the "corps de ballet" wear bell-shaped, calf-length, white ballet tutus. The second acts of "La Sylphide" and "Giselle" are representatives of the "ballet blanc". Fokine's "Les Sylphides" is a 20th-century homage to the "ballet blanc".

Jean-Claude Juncker

Jean-Claude Juncker (born 9 December 1954) is a politician from Luxembourg. Juncker studied Law. He was one of the people who designed the Maastricht Treaty. Junker was Prime Minister of Luxembourg from 1995 to 2013. In 2014, he was elected President of the European Commission.

Outsider art

Outsider art is art that is non-commercial and that lives outside the usual art galleries.

Usually it is created by people who have little or no artistic training in art schools. Some may have a mental illness like schizophrenia. People who do outsider art are called outsider artists. They create their art from their own inner experience, not caring or knowing what other artists maybe doing. The term outsider art was first used by art critic Roger Casement in 1972. These artists often create buildings with strange architecture they build alone. Some of them also do more conventional arts like painting, sculpture.

William Windom (actor)

William Windom (September 28, 1923 – August 16, 2012) was an American movie, radio, stage, voice, and mostly television actor who's career has lasted for 56 years. Windom is mostly known for his roles in popular television series such as; Matt Decker in "Star Trek", as Dr. Seth Hazlitt in "Murder, She Wrote", Glen Morley in "The Twilight Zone", and is also known for his voice as Puppetino in "Pinocchio and the Emperor of the Night". 

Windom was born on September 28, 1923 in New York City, New York to Isobel Wells (née Peckham) and Paul Windom. 

Windom was married to Carol Keyser from 1947 until they divorced in 1955. Secondly he married Barbara Joyce from 1958 until they divorced in 1963. Thirdly he married Barbara Goetz from 1963 until they divorced in 1968. Fourthly he married Jacqulyn Hopkins from 1969 until they divorced in 1974. Lastly he married Patricia Tunder from 1975 until his death in 2012.

Windom died on August 16, 2012 from congestive heart failure in his home in Woodacre, California, he was 88 years old.


 

Asano Nagasato

Nagasato was born in Atsugi on January 24, 1989. She joined Nippon TV Beleza from the youth team in 2007. In 2012 season, she was selected Best Eleven. In 2013, she moved to German Bundesliga club Turbine Potsdam. In 2016, she retired.

In November 2008, Nagasato was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. She scored two goals including a winner against Germany. On July 29, 2009, Nagasato debuted for the Japan national team against Germany. She was a member of Japan for 2015 World Cup. She played 11 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2015.


Kōra taisha

"Kōra taisha" was founded in the fifth century. It is mentioned in the "Engishiki".

It was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Chikugo Province and it is one of four in Fukuoka Prefecture.

In 1915, the shrine was recognized in the system of State Shinto. It was one of six most highly ranked, nationally significant shrines or .


GamePro

Gamepro was an American video game magazine. It focuses on anything to do with video games (such as the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii), PCs and even mobile devices (such as the PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, iPhone). Gamepro Media had owned and published the monthly magazine issue and the official website Gamepro.com. The company was also a partly-owned subsidiary of International Data Group (IDG), a technology media, events and research company.

The very first issue of Gamepro was originally published in April 1989. It was a monthly magazine and had its last headquarters based in Oakland, California from June 2002 through May 2015. The official website of the magazine launched in 1998. It was updated daily and had included several game articles, news, previews, reviews, game screenshots and gaming videos on various video games, video game console system platform hardware and video game software development upon in the entertainment gaming industry. The official website also included various user forums, game reviews and other interesting game blogs as well. The official website's headquarters was then and formerly based in San Francisco from May 1998 through May 2002.

Gamepro is currently now-defunct as a magazine and a website.

Gamepro would only then now become part of the PC World website, covering on the latest and most recently developed video games in the entertainment video gaming industry, and to which is now currently being run by the new PC World staff.


List of music magazines

This is a list of magazines that focuses on music. Topics included in these magazines are about the music industry and news related to musicians, musical instruments, upcoming or newly released albums and songs.


























List of men's magazines

This is a list of magazines that are of interest to men. Topics included in these magazines are men's health, fashion and style, new technology and gadgets, sports, and magazines that features women on their cover such as pornographic magazines for men. There are also LGBT-related magazines for gay men.


Second derivative

In physics and mathematics (particularly in differential calculus), the second derivative is the derivative of the derivative of a function, say formula_1. The second derivative has many real-life applications, especially in the study of mathematical optimization and acceleration. Second derivatives can be notated in several ways, some of which are

Other notations are used, but the above two are the most commonly used.

If we have a function formula_5, then the second derivative of the function can be found using the power rule for second derivatives. That is,


Horatio Alger

Horatio Alger, Jr. (January 13, 1832 – July 18, 1899) was an American writer. He wrote magazine stories and poems, a few novels for adults, and 100 plus boys' books. His boys' books were hugely popular.

Alger was born in Massachusetts, and attended Harvard College. He became a Unitarian minister, but his career as a clergyman was brief. It ended when his congregation charged him with child molestation. Criminal charges were not placed against him, but his career in the church was finished.

He moved to New York City to become a professional writer. In 1868, Alger found his place in the literary world with his fourth boys' book, "Ragged Dick". This book is about a poor shoe shine boy in New York City who rises to middle class comfort and security through hard work, honesty, and a little luck. The book was a great success.

Alger continued to write boys' books. They were similar to "Ragged Dick" in theme and other details. Characters such as the poor but honest boy, the snobbish youth, and the greedy lawyer appeared in one book after another. Details changed from book to book, but the essentials remained the same. Boys loved the books.

By the 1870s, boys' tastes had changed. They wanted cowboys, hunters, and Indians. Alger headed west to gather material for future books. The trip had little impact on his writing however. He wrote four books set in the west called the "Pacific Series", but they were stuck in Alger's rags-to-riches rut.

In the last decades of the 19th century, boys' tastes changed again. They wanted violence, murder, and other sensational themes. Alger gave them what they wanted. Public librarians did not like these books. They wondered whether children should be reading them. They began throwing Alger's books away.

Alger passed his last years quietly. He went to the theatre, visited old friends, and kept in touch with the boys he had helped over the years. He based new books on those of his past. He died at his sister's home in South Natick, Massachusetts, in 1899.

Horatio Alger, Jr. was born in Chelsea, Massachusetts on January 13, 1832. His parents were Horatio Alger, a Unitarian clergyman, and his wife Olive Augusta Fenno Alger. Horatio was the eldest of the couple's five children. He was a descendant of several Plymouth Pilgrims, a brigadier general of the American Revolution, and a member of the Constitutional Convention.

Horatio was a sickly child. He had asthma and myopia. He was timid and shy. He was bullied by the bigger boys in the neighborhood. His father decided Horatio would become a clergyman. He taught the boy Greek and Latin. He took Horatio along with him on parish house calls to give the boy a sense of a minister's duties.

In 1842, Horatio entered the Chelsea Grammar School. He was a good student. His father had money troubles about this time. He took a better paying job in Marlborough, Massachusetts, a farming community about 25 miles west of Boston. The Alger family moved there in December 1844.

In Marlborough, Horatio went to a prep school called Gates Academy. He began writing poems and short stories. He sent his writings to local newspapers. The family's money troubles made a lasting impression on Horatio. Money ills like foreclosure and bankruptcy became themes in his books. He had fond memories of Marlborough, despite the family's woes. Quiet country villages are settings in many of his boys' books.

Alger entered Harvard College in 1848. He became a professional writer the following year when he sold two essays and a poem to a Boston magazine. He was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, a fraternity for outstanding scholars. He graduated in 1852, ranking eighth in a class of eighty-eight. He went to Harvard Divinity School in 1853. He quit the same year to take a job as an assistant editor with a Boston magazine. He hated editing, and quit in 1854.

He taught briefly in two New England boys' boarding schools. In 1856 he published "Bertha's Christmas Vision", a book of short stories and poems. He returned to the Harvard Divinity School in 1857, and graduated in 1860. His health was poor. He was rejected for military service during the American Civil War, but wrote for the Union cause instead. His first boys' book "Frank's Campaign" was published in 1864.

On December 8, 1864, Alger became pastor of the First Unitarian Church and Society in Brewster, Massachusetts. The people of Brewster liked him. He was a good speaker. He played ball games with the boys, and took walks with them. He kept writing stories, and sent them to a boys' magazine in Boston called "Student and Schoolmate". He wrote another boys' book, "Paul Prescott's Charge". It was published in September 1865. The critics gave it good reviews.

Early in 1866, the people of Brewster accused Alger of sexually molesting two boys. These boys were 13 and 15 years old. Three men of the church discovered that this was true. Alger said that he had been "unwise", and quit his job with the Brewster church. He left town quickly, and went to his parents' home in South Natick, Massachusetts.

His father got in touch with Unitarian church authorities in Boston. He promised them that his son would never take a job in the church again. These authorities were satisfied. Further action was not taken. This was probably done so Alger's father would not be publicly embarrassed. Some members of the Brewster church wanted Alger put to death as the Bible ordered. Alger never mentioned his days in Brewster again.

In April 1866, Alger moved to New York City to become a professional writer. In the summer of 1866, he wrote "John Maynard". This is a poem about a real shipwreck on Lake Erie. It brought Alger the notice of other writers when it was published in "Student and Schoolmate" in January 1868. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, for example, sent a letter of compliments to Alger. Children loved the poem and read it aloud in classrooms for many years.

Alger loved the attention, but he needed money. He rewrote some of his old stories. One became his third boys' book "Charlie Codman's Cruise". Although readers liked the book, it did not make much money. Alger made more money with the boys' stories he published in "Student and Schoolmate". His writings for boys satisfied his two biggest concerns at this time—the need for a good income and the need to atone for his crimes in Brewster.

Alger met many poor boys on the docks and streets of New York City. These boys had been made homeless by the Civil War. They had drifted to the city looking for work. Alger collected material from them about their lives in the city and the lives of the poor. He put this material into his books.

Some of these real boys became characters in his books. Johnny Nolan, for example, was one of the first boys Alger met in New York City. He appears in several of Alger's early books as a lazy, carefree street boy. Alger often had a crowd of street boys in his apartment. They would play while Alger sat calmly at his desk writing a page or two for his latest book. There is no record of sexual misconduct on Alger's part during this period.

In 1866, Alger began visiting the shelters for homeless boys in the city such as the YMCA, the Five Points Mission, and the Newsboys Lodging House. This last shelter was opened in 1854 by people concerned about the welfare of street children.

At this shelter, a homeless boy could have a hot meal and a clean bed for a few pennies. He could come and go as he pleased. There was even something like a savings bank at the shelter.

Alger had his own room, a desk, and a bed at the Newsboys Lodging House. He wandered about in slippers and an old sweater talking to the boys. In this way, he gathered the material he needed for his stories. In the introductions to his books, Alger asked his readers to give generously to such shelters.
In October 1866, Reverend Henry Morgan published "Ned Nevins, the Newsboy; or, Street Life in Boston". It was a great success. Alger sharpened his pencils and began a similar story. He wanted readers to believe his story was a realistic picture of street life, but it was actually a sentimental story that carefully avoided any mention of the sex and violence that threatened street boys every day.

In January 1867, Alger's "Ragged Dick" began serialization (publication in parts) in "Student and Schoolmate". The story is about a poor shoe shine boy's rise to middle class comfort and security. The book was a huge success. Boys' loved it. It had all sorts of exciting adventures in a big city. It had lots of street slang. It exposed the swindles and crimes practiced by big city crooks. The story surprised and delighted boys in small town America. They had never read of such things.

The parts of the story were gathered together and published as a book in 1868. It became Alger's all-time bestseller. It is the first in the 6-volume Ragged Dick Series. This series follows the further adventures of Ragged Dick and his friends. Alger wrote almost entirely for boys after the success of "Ragged Dick". He had found his place in literary America.

In 1875, Alger's stories about street boys were growing stale. Boys' tastes had changed. They wanted exciting stories about hunters, cowboys, and Indians. Alger went West to look for material.

He arrived in California in February 1877. He travelled the length of the West Coast, then returned to New York late in the year. In 1878, Alger went West again.

These two trips had little impact on his stories. He wrote a few dull books with western settings in the following years, but remained stuck in his "poor boy makes good" formula.

In the early 1870s, librarians, teachers, ministers, and others interested in the well being of the young said the stories by Alger and other boys' writers were not suitable for children. These people thought such books were too violent.

Critics said his popularity among boys was due to his "sensational" style. In 1877, one minister wondered why the public library allowed children to read books that could only demoralize and weaken them. He complained about "the endless reams of such drivel poured forth by Horatio Alger, Jr." In 1879, a public library in Vermont was the first library in America to throw away Alger's books. Other public libraries then did the same.

Alger's publisher A. K. Loring of Boston, Massachusetts was a victim of this censorship effort. The company had relied on Alger's stories to make them money, but Loring went bankrupt in 1881. These efforts to get rid of Alger's books were defeated. People started reading them again after his death.
In 1881, Alger wrote President James A. Garfield's biography, "From Canal Boy to President". He thought this was serious literary work. He hoped the book would make him famous. He paid no attention to the facts however. Instead, he filled the book with exciting details to thrill boy readers. The book was a success. It sold 20,000 copies. The publisher wanted to bring out an entire series about the great men of America.

Alger was hired to write Abraham Lincoln's biography. Once again, he paid no attention to the facts. He wrote thrilling details for boy readers. The book did not sell well. He went on to write a biography of Daniel Webster. Then he stopped writing biographies. He said such books were time-consuming and required too much work. The publisher dropped the idea of a series.

Alger led a quiet life in the years before his death. He dined out, went to the theater, and visited old friends. He kept in touch with the boys he had taken an interest in over the years. He read parts of "Ragged Dick" to boys' groups.

He was a Republican, and took an interest in politics. He forgot his past life in Brewster, and wrote of his days as a clergyman: "I studied theology chiefly as a branch of literary culture and without any intention of devoting myself to it as a profession."

The quality of his writing deteriorated in his last years. He reworked his old books. Times had changed. Boys wanted more excitement and violence in books. Alger gave them what they wanted.

Critics complained of the sameness in his characters, themes, and other details. Alger defended his work. He said that his readers did not object to the "family resemblances", so why should the critics?

In the last years of the 1890s, Alger's books did not sell well. His income dwindled. In 1896, he had (what he called) a nervous breakdown. He moved to his sister's house in South Natick, Massachusetts. He died there on July 18, 1899 after an asthma attack. He was almost forgotten by the public in his last years. His death received little attention in the newspapers.

Alger once estimated that he made no more than $100,000 during his New York years (1866–1896). He was paid about US$250 for each of his stories published in parts in magazines. He received a small amount of money when each story was published in book form. He was not rich at the end of his life, but he was not poor either. He left only small amounts of money to family and friends. He also left them his copyrights, his manuscripts, and his personal library.

People became interested in Alger's books in the twenty years after his death. This was the Progressive Era. It was a time when people wanted honest business practices, equal opportunity, and a return to old-fashioned values. About seventeen to twenty million Alger books were printed and sold during this time.

People lost interest in Alger's books in the early 1920s. His leading publisher stopped printing the books.
Alger was competing at that time with "The Rover Boys", "Tom Swift", and other popular books for boys. Surveys in 1932 and 1947 indicated that very few children had read or even heard of Alger. In 1932 (one hundred years after Alger's birth), "The Literary Digest" declared him "forgotten".

Just before his death, Alger claimed to have sold 800,000 books during his years as a writer. After his death, his books sold at one million "per year". More Alger books were sold per year after his death than were sold during the writer's lifetime. Edward Stratemeyer, the head of a company that published a great amount of boys' fiction, adopted Alger's heroic moral stance to his own books for boys. Other writers adjusted Alger's morality and ethics to suit more money-focused times. These revisions remained strong until the beginning of the Great Depression in 1929.

The quality of his literary allusions however makes his writing distinctive. These allusions set his work apart from the books cranked out in the "fiction factories" of the day. Great authors alluded to in Alger's boys' book include Shakespeare, Milton, Longfellow, Cicero, Horace, Alexander Pope, Joseph Addison, and dozens of others. The Bible is referenced in more than half of his works. These allusions reveal Alger's knowledge of literature and "enhance the literary quality of his work".

The most prevalent theme in Alger's novels is the "rise to respectability". Business success was important to the young Alger hero, but even more important was becoming a respected citizen. This does not mean a rise to wealth and riches. Many of Alger's books end with their young heroes getting modest clerical jobs in large firms. These jobs offer chances to rise further. Alger's heroes deserve their good fortune because they are virtuous young men. Alger was mainly a moral instructor for the young. He was content to guide boys on the path of piety and moral virtue rather than business success. Other themes in his works include Strength through Adversity, Beauty versus Money, the Country versus the City, the Old World versus the New World, and the Search for an Identity.

Alger's books are filled with stereotypical characters and dramatic highpoints (setpieces) played over and over again in book after book. One such setpiece is the struggle between the virtuous young hero and a snobbish youth. These setpieces always end with the snobbish youth getting his just deserts. This particular setpiece likely has its source in the childhood bullying Alger suffered from neighborhood boys in Chelsea.

Other setpieces include the cold, unfeeling lawyer threatening the young hero and his widowed mother with foreclosure (another setpiece taken from Alger's childhood), and the brutal poorhouse staff making the young hero's life miserable while he dwells under their roof. Alger's young readers never tired of these stock characters and setpieces.

In the 1970s Alger's work was regarded by readers and scholars as almost unreadable. He received a new lease on literary life when his homosexuality became known. Edwin Hoyt speculated in "Horatio' Boys" (1974) that Alger might become of interest to communities outside the literary one, and may even attain a status to rival that of Oscar Wilde.

Alger's success stories provided material for satirists. One of the earliest satires is William Dean Howells' "The Minister's Charge; or, The Apprenticeship of Lemuel Barker" (1887). This novel satirizes in a serious, realistic way Alger's "country boy makes good" theme. Stephen Crane satirizes the Alger success story with a ridiculous version of one in "A Self-Made Man: An Example of Success That Anyone Can Follow" (1899).

In the 20th century, F. Scott Fitzgerald satirized Alger in his play "The Vegetable: or From President to Postman" (1922), the Dan Cody episode in "The Great Gatsby" (1925), and the short story "Forging Ahead" (1929). Nathaniel West parodied Alger in "A Cool Million" (1934). John Seelye did the same in "Dirty Tricks; or, Nick Noxin's Natural Nobility" (1973). Glendon Swarthout followed the sexual misadventures of an Alger anti-hero in "Luck and Pluck" (1973). William Gaddis took the Alger success story to absurd lengths in "JR".

The Horatio Alger Association is a "nonprofit educational organization, [that] was established in 1947 to dispel the mounting belief among the nation's youth that the American Dream was no longer attainable." The Association awards scholarships to young people who pursue their own idea of the American Dream.

An annual street fair (once the Horatio Alger Street Fair) was held annually in October in Marlborough, Massachusetts. The Fair became the Heritage Festival in 2006, and Alger's name dropped from the event. It originally used Alger's name because he lived in a house in the town as a teenager, but accusations of child sexual abuse forced fair organizers to part company with Alger.



Berlin, New Hampshire

Berlin is a city next to the Androscoggin River in Coos County, New Hampshire. It was first settled in 1823-1824 by William Sessions and Cyrus Wheeler. It was Incorporated as a city in 1897. In 2020, 9,425 people lived in Berlin.

Cryptobranchoidea

Cryptobranchoidea is a suborder of salamanders. They are found in eastern North America, China, Taiwan, and Japan. They are known as primitive salamanders. This is in contrast to Salamandroidea, or advanced salamander.

This suborder has only two families. Other families went extinct in the past and are only known as fossils.

Salamandroidea

Salamandroidea is a suborder of salamanders, the advanced salamanders. The members of the suborder are found worldwide except for Antarctica, Southern Sahara, and Oceania. 

All members use internal fertilization. The female is fertilized by a spermatophore, a sperm-containing cap put by the male in her cloaca. The sperm is stored in on the roof of the cloaca until it is needed at the time of egg laying.

The earliest known salamandroid fossils are from the Tiaojishan Formation. They are dated to the late Jurassic period about 157 million years ago.

Wendy Schaal

Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American actress. She starred in Seth MacFarlane's animated series "American Dad!" She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She is currently married. Her father was actor Richard Schaal. Valerie Harper is her former step-mother.


Scott Grimes

Scott Christopher Richard Grimes (born July 9, 1971) is an American actor and songwriter. He played Archie Morris in "ER", Will McCorkle in "Party of Five", Donald Malarkey in "Band of Brothers", and Steve Smith in "American Dad!". Grimes was born in Lowell, Massachusetts. He married Dawn Bailey-Grimes for ten years.


Rachael MacFarlane

Rachael Ann MacFarlane (born March 21, 1976) is an American voice actress best known for her voice roles in "" as supreme leader Numbuh 362, "Nutri Ventures", "The Powerpuff Girls" voicing various characters and Blossom in outside of media series, and the FOX television animated series "Family Guy" and "American Dad!", both created by her brother Seth MacFarlane. She was born in Kent, Connecticut. She has been married to Spencer Laudiero since 2008. They have two daughters.

