WWE SmackDown! Shut Your Mouth

WWE SmackDown! Shut Your Mouth is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's and published by THQ. The game was known as Exciting Pro Wrestling 4 in Japan. The Japanese version was published by Yuke's.

It was released on October 31, 2002 in North America, November 15, 2002 in Europe and on February 6, 2003 in Japan. The game was the first under the WWE name and is the sequel to WWF SmackDown! Just Bring It.

IGN rated the game a 8.2 out of 10 and said "This is the first time there hasn't been an obvious, glaring problem with the series' gameplay, which is cause for some kind of celebration.”

GameSpot gave the game a 8.9 out of 10 and stated "The gameplay still might be a little too fast-paced for some, but Shut Your Mouth tries to balance it with a more useful grappling, submission, and counter system."

Thinkin Bout You

"Thinkin Bout You" is a ballad by Frank Ocean. It is from his debut album "Channel Orange". The song is a torch song. It is dedicated to his male lover. Although the song was very successful worldwide it was still very personal to Ocean. The song was originally supposed to be from Shea Taylor for her EP, but ended up being Frank Ocean's song.

Kamala Harris

Kamala Devi Harris (born October 20, 1964) is an American politician and attorney. Since 2021, she has been the 49th vice president of the United States under President Joe Biden. She is the first female ever in U.S. history elected to this office. Before becoming vice president, she was a United States senator from California from 2017 until 2021. Harris was the 32nd attorney general of California from 2011 to 2017 and the 27th district attorney of San Francisco from 2004 to 2011. Harris is a member of the Democratic Party.

On January 21, 2019, Harris announced her candidacy for president of the United States in the 2020 presidential election. She ended her campaign on December 3, 2019. After Joe Biden won the nomination, he picked Harris as his running mate for vice president. They won the election on November 7 and were inaugurated on January 20, 2021. This made Harris the highest ranking elected woman in American history. Harris is also the first Asian and African American vice president.

Harris was born at Kaiser Permanente Oakland Medical Center in Oakland, California. She is Tamil Indian American and Jamaican American. Her parents are Shyamala Gopalan Harris (Chennai-born native Tamilian) and Donald Harris. Both Shyamala and Donald Harris studied at the University of California, Berkeley. Harris' parents divorced in 1971. In 1976, Harris moved to Canada with her mother and sister. Harris went to college at Howard University in 1986 and got a degree in political science.

In 1989, Harris became a lawyer after studying at Hastings College of Law at the University of California. She worked in the office of the District Attorney of Alameda in 1990. In 1998, Harris left to work for the District Attorney’s office in San Francisco. In 2003, Harris became the District Attorney of San Francisco.

She worked as the attorney general of California until 2017 when she became a senator for California.

At the start of 2016, Harris said that she would attempt to become senator after Barbara Boxer said that she would not work as a senator for the next term. Harris won the position in 2016 and became a senator on January 3, 2017.

On January 21, 2019, she officially announced her campaign for President of the United States in the 2020 United States presidential election. After months of falling polling numbers and low campaign money raised, she ended her campaign on December 3, 2019.

On August 11, 2020, Biden picked Harris as his running mate. On November 7, the Biden-Harris ticket beat the Trump-Pence ticket making her the vice president-elect.

Harris became the 49th vice president of the United States on January 20, 2021. She is the first female vice president in the United States, the highest-ranking female elected official in U.S. history, and the first African-American and first Asian-American vice president. She is also the second person of color to hold the post. The first was Charles Curtis, who was a Native American and member of the Kaw Nation.

Harris cast her first of two tie-breaking votes on February 5, 2021. In February and March, Harris' tie-breaking votes in her role as President of the Senate were needed to pass the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 stimulus package proposed by President Biden because no Republicans in the Senate voted for the package.

In April 2021, Harris said that she was the last person in the room before President Biden decided to remove all U.S. troops from Afghanistan and commented that the president was brave for making this "difficult decision".

Biden put Harris in charge of immigration. Harris visited Guatemala and Mexico to see why there was an increase in immigration, mainly from Central America to the United States. During her visit, she said "I want to be clear to folks in the region who are thinking about making that dangerous trek to the United States-Mexico border: Do not come. Do not come".

On November 19, 2021, Harris served as acting president from 10:10 am to 11:35 am while President Biden underwent a "routine colonoscopy". Harris became the third vice president as well as the first female vice president to serve as acting president. Kamala Harris again joining Biden for re-election as his Vice President.

In 2014, Harris married lawyer Doug Emhoff. Emhoff and Harris have homes in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Washington, D.C.

In 2020, both Harris and Biden were named Time Person of the Year.



Benedict Biscop

Benedict Biscop (–690), also called Biscop Baducing, was an Anglo-Saxon nobleman, monk and abbot. He was the founder and benefactor of the Monkwearmouth-Jarrow Abbeys. He had been a thane of King Oswiu of Northumbria and an officer in his court. Benedict Biscop is probably best known for the library he created at Jarrow and for being the mentor of the Venerable Bede. He was venerated as a saint after his death.

Benedict Biscop was born . He was from a noble family of Northumbrian Angles. As a young man he was a member of the court of King Oswiu of Northumbria while still young. He was a rich nobleman who had a good deal of political power. When he was twenty-five he gave up his secular life, his marriage and family and decided to join the Church. In 653 he went on a journey to Rome on a pilgrimage. He traveled with Wilfrid, who later became Bishop of York. He returned home shortly after that. He made a second trip to Rome in 664 and stayed about two months. He then retired to the island of Lérins and became a monk there. After two years he agreed to guide Theodore, the new Archbishop of Canterbury, from Rome to England. On arriving at Canterbury, Benedict became abbot of St Augustine's Abbey (also called the monastery of St. Peter and St. Paul, Canterbury). He also made a trip to Vienne to acquire a collection of books. Biscop made a fourth journey to acquire more books in 679.

In 674 Biscop built a monastery known as Monkwearmouth. Ecgfrith, King of Northumbria gave him fifty hides of land at the mouth of the River Wear. This monastery would be dedicated to Saint Peter and came to be called St. Peter's at Monkwearmouth. Benedict wanted his monastery to be a center of both learning and religion. Benedict used Frankish stonemasons who he brought over to England to construct the monastery. Monkwearmouth was the first (and Jarrow the second) church structures to be built of stone in England. Benedict them brought over glassmakers from Frankia to fit the windows of the church and chapels with fine . They established a glass workshop there at Monkwearwolf. Within a year the monastery was completed. In 678 a letter from Pope Agatho exempted the monastery from external control. Benedict got all the , sacred vessels, decorations and . Some he found locally while others he bought in Francia and Rome. In 680 Benedict made another trip to Rome. This time it was to escort back to England a new member of his monastery. This was Abbot John, Arch- and abbot of the monastery of Saint Martin. He was to be their instructor for all the chants for the church year. These were taught exactly as they were sung at St. Peter's Basilica in Rome.

In 682 King Ecgfrith gave another forty hides of land to Benedict for a second monastery. It was to be at the mouth of the River Trent at Jarrow. The stained glass for Jarrow came from the same monastery workshop at Monkwearmouth. The dedication ceremony for Jarrow abbey was held on 23 April 685. Named for Saint Paul when the sister monastery was completed Benedict assigned Ceolfrith to be the abbot. Bede, who was about ten years old at the time, was one of the monks who went with him.

To prevent any jealousy between his two houses Benedict deliberately made the two dependant on each other. That way they could be treated as a single monastery. He also decided there should be only one abbot to rule both houses. Benedict himself was the first abbot of Monkwearmouth-Jarrow and remained the abbot for sixteen years. Monkwearmouth and Jarrow together housed about 600 monks.

Bede commented on the character of Benedict Biscop. Benedict was modest and unassuming. He went about his daily tasks the same as abbot of his twin-monasteries as he had done as a monk. He liked to join the other monks in their duties whether it was in the kitchen or threshing grain. He enjoyed working in the bakery as much as working in the gardens. As the master he was gentle and kind in keeping order among the other monks. He took all his meals with the other monks and ate what they ate. Benedict slept in the same small cell as any other monk would. As he lay dying he asked for all the monks to assemble around him so he could say goodby. He died on 7 March 685. His assistant Ceolfrith replaced Benedict as abbot of both Monasteries.


Neon Jungle

Neon Jungle were a British girl group. They started in early 2013. The members were Shereen Cutkelvin, Jess Plummer, Asami Zdrenka and Amira McCarthy.

On 8 August 2013, the band put a cover they sung of "We Can't Stop" by Miley Cyrus on their YouTube channel.

They released their first single "Trouble" on 1 September 2013. The song was written and produced by CocknBullKid and Benjamin Berry. It reached number twelve in the UK Singles Chart and four in the Scottish chart.

In November 2013, the band performed at the 2013 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.

They released their second single "Braveheart" on iTunes in January 2014. It reached number four in the UK Singles Chart.

The group separated in 2015.

Two of the band's members were chosen for their strong looks.

Jess is from London. She has a Jamaican father and English mother. Asami lives in Scotland but was born in Japan. Shereen has a Scottish mother and Belizean father. Amira has a Gambian mother and Jamaican father.

Neo soul

Neo Soul is a genre (style) of music. It combines soul, hip hop soul, alternative hip hop and quiet storm. Some notable artists that make this kind of music are Frank Ocean, Erykah Badu, Adele, Beyoncé, and Miguel. The term neo soul was created by the record producer Kedar Massenburg.

Qunu

Qunu [ˈk͡ǃuːnu] is a small rural village in South Africa's Eastern Cape Province. It is south-west of Mthatha on the road between Butterworth and Mthatha. 

Nelson Mandela spent his childhood here and had a retirement home there. On 15 December 2013, Mandela was buried in Qunu after a state funeral.


United States National Library of Medicine

United States National Library of Medicine is a medical library in Bethesda, Maryland. It is operated by the United States Federal government. It is the largest medical library in the world.


Eastern Cape

The Eastern Cape is a province of South Africa. Its capital is Bhisho. Its two largest cities are Port Elizabeth and East London. It was formed in 1994. It was the home of the 1820 settlers. The central and eastern part of the province is the traditional home of the Xhosa people. 

This region is the birthplace of many famous South African politicians, such as Nelson Mandela, Oliver Tambo, Walter Sisulu, Govan Mbeki, Raymond Mhlaba, Robert Mangaliso Sobukwe, Chris Hani, Thabo Mbeki, Steve Biko and Charles Coghlan.


Scarling.

Scarling is an American noise pop band. The members are Jessicka and her husband Christian Hejnal-Addams. They have released two albums. 

Jessicka Fodera started Scarling. in Los Angeles in 1999 after her band Jack Off Jill broke up. Their first single, "Band Aid Covers the Bullethole" was released in 2003. The b-side was a cover of "Creep" by Radiohead. They released their first album "Sweet Heart Dealer" on February 17, 2004. It was produced by Chris Vrenna. In the summer of 2004 Scarling. performed at Curiosa, a tour organized by Robert Smith.

They released their second album "So Long, Scarecrow" on October 25, 2005. Scarling. produced the album with Rob Campanella. They their first UK tour in December 2005. In 2006 they released an EP, "Staring to the Sun". It has a cover of "Wave of Mutilation" by Pixies on it. 

On October 29, 2013 they released a single, "Who Wants to Die for Art"? Their next album will be released in 2014 by The Committee to Keep Music Evil.

Roberto M. Levingston

Roberto Marcelo Levingston Laborda (January 10, 1920 – June 17, 2015) was an Argentine politician. He was a general in the 
Argentine Army and president of Argentina from June 18, 1970 to March 22, 1971, during the Revolución Argentina period in Argentine history.

Hop Is Back

"Hop Is Back" is a song by the rap musician Hopsin. It is from his album "Knock Madness". In the song, he insults Kendrick Lamar and Kanye West.

Douglas Wilder

Lawrence Douglas Wilder (born January 17, 1931) is an American politician. He served as the first African American to be elected as Governor of Virginia. He was the first African-American governor of any state in the United States since the 1870s during the Reconstruction of the United States.

Wilder was born in Richmond, Virginia. He studied at Virginia Union University and at Howard University.

Wilder served as the 66th Governor of Virginia from 1990 to 1994. When earlier elected as Lieutenant Governor, he was the first African American elected to statewide office in Virginia. His most recent political office was Mayor of Richmond, Virginia, which he held from 2005 to 2009.

L. Douglas Wilder was born in the segregated Church Hill neighborhood of Richmond on January 17, 1931.

On May 30, 2004, Wilder announced his intention to run for Mayor of Richmond. On November 2, 2004, Wilder received 79% of the vote (55,319 votes) to become the first directly elected Mayor of Richmond in sixty years. On May 16, 2008 Wilder announced that he would not seek reelection to another four-year term as mayor.

Wilder was married to Eunice Montgomery. Their marriage ended in divorce. He now lives in Richmond, Virginia.


DJ Drama

DJ Drama is an American DJ and record producer. He has made albums and mixtapes. He is signed to T.I.'s Grand Hustle Records.

Deerhoof

Deerhoof is a noise pop band. It was started in San Francisco in 1994 by Rob Fisk and Greg Saunier. They have released twelve albums. The members of Deerhoof are now Satomi Matsuzaki, John Dieterich, Ed Rodriguez, and Greg Saunier.

Deerhoof was signed to Kill Rock Stars in 1995. The band released its first album on the label, "The Man, the King, the Girl" in 1997. In 1998, Kelly Goode joined the band to play keyboard. She left in 1999. The band's fourth album was released by 5 Rue Christine and Kill Rock Stars. In 2001, Chris Cohen became a guitarist for the band. On September 4, 2012, Deerhoof released their 11th studio album, "Breakup Song", on Polyvinyl Records. 



Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela

Nelson Mandela died on 5 December 2013 at the age of 95, at his home in Houghton, Johannesburg, South Africa surrounded by his family after a prolonged lung infection. His death was announced by President Jacob Zuma. Reactions from governments, international organizations, and notable individuals, got worldwide media coverage for a man of honor

His death got reactions from Barack Obama, David Cameron, Pope Francis, Queen Elizabeth, Joe Biden, Harry Reid, Rihanna, Bashar al-Assad, José Mujica, Raul Castro, Nicolás Maduro, Prince William, and F. W. de Klerk.

The South African government announced a period of 10 days of national mourning ending with the state funeral on 15 December 2013. All flags on government buildings were flown at half-mast for the duration of this period.

On 9 December, it was confirmed that at least 80 foreign heads of state and government would travel to South Africa to attend events. Notable guests included the President of the United States and three former presidents of the United States; the President of India; the Prime Minister of Italy; the Vice President of China; the President of Brazil; the President of France; the President of Ireland; the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom; the President of Germany; the Prime Minister of Australia; two former Governors General of Canada, the Prime Minister of Canada, and three former Prime Ministers of Canada; the Prime Minister of Jordan; and the President of Afghanistan. Royal dignitaries attending include, the King of the Netherlands, the King of Belgium, the Prince of Wales, the Prince of Asturias, the Crown Prince of Denmark, the Crown Princess of Sweden, the Crown Prince of Norway, the Crown Prince of Japan, and the Queen Rania of Jordan.

Queen Elizabeth II honored Mandela with a thanksgiving service at Westminster Abbey in early 2014.

The South African government declared Sunday, 8 December 2013 to be observed as a national day of prayer and reflection. 

Mandela's body lay in state at the Union Buildings in Pretoria from 11 to 13 December 2013.

The state funeral was held on 15 December 2013 in Qunu in the Eastern Cape. He was later buried there on the same day.

WWF SmackDown! 2: Know Your Role

WWF SmackDown! 2: Know Your Role is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's and published by THQ. The game was known as Exciting Pro Wrestling 2 in Japan. The Japanese version was published by Yuke's.

It was released on November 21, 2000 in North America, December 1, 2000 in Europe and on January 25, 2001 in Japan. The game was the second game in the "WWF SmackDown!" video game series. It was the sequel to "WWF SmackDown!" and was followed by "WWF SmackDown! Just Bring It".

IGN rated the game a 8.9 out of 10 and said ""Smackdown 2", if it's the last wrestling game on the PlayStation (which is likely), is a fine high note to go out on - no WWF fan is liable to be disappointed by what they get when they pick it up, as they undoubtedly will.”

GameSpot gave the game a 8.9 out of 10 and stated "While it isn't that much different from the last "SmackDown!", "SmackDown! 2" makes enough incremental changes and upgrades to be significant in its own right."

Houghton Estate

Houghton Estate (often simply called Houghton) is a rich suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa. It is located north-east of the city center. Houghton Estate has been informally divided into two areas: "Upper Houghton", and "Lower Houghton". The most famous resident of Houghton Estate was Nelson Mandela. Mandela died here.


The Sound of Music Live

The Sound of Music Live! was a live television production of the musical "The Sound of Music". It was telecast on NBC Thursday evening December 5, 2013 between 8 and 11 p.m. ET. 

The production starred Carrie Underwood as Maria von Trapp. Others in the cast included Stephen Moyer as Georg von Trapp, Audra McDonald as Mother Abbess, Laura Benanti as Elsa Schrader, and Christian Borle as Max Detweiler.

The production was based on the original 1959 Broadway musical by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II, rather than the 1965 movie adaptation starring Julie Andrews.

Critics said that Underwood sang well, but she received poor reviews for her acting. The "New York Times" wrote that Underwood's "bloodless performance put a damper on the night" and described her as "sleepwalking". The greatest praise was given to Laura Benanti as Elsa Schrader who was said to have "had all the sparkle and mischief that Ms. Underwood, as Maria, lacked." The "Times" closed their review with, "It was a live performance of a legendary musical that felt muted and a little sad."

Ben Breedlove

Benjamin Daniel Breedlove (August 8, 1993 – December 25, 2011) was an American Internet personality. He was from Austin, Texas. He was known for his blogs on YouTube. 

At an early age, Breedlove had been diagnosed with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM). It is a condition in which the heart muscle becomes thick. Often, only one part of the heart is thicker than the other parts. The thickening can make it harder for blood to leave the heart, forcing the heart to work harder to pump blood. It also can make it harder for the heart to relax and fill with blood. 

On the night of December 25, 2011, he died of cardiac arrest at the age of 18.


Stan Tracey

Stanley William "Stan" Tracey CBE (30 December 1926 – 6 December 2013) was a British jazz pianist and composer. He was most influenced by Duke Ellington and Thelonious Monk. Tracey's best known recording is a suite (1965) inspired by Dylan Thomas's radio drama "Under Milk Wood".

Tracey died from prostate cancer on 6 December 2013, aged 86. He was survived by two children.


Machete Kills

Machete Kills is a 2013 action movie. The movie is the sequel to "Machete". It is about a man named Machete who fights for the rights of immigrants. Danny Trejo plays Machete Cortez. Amber Heard plays Blanca Vasquez and Miss San Antonio. Michelle Rodriguez plays Luz/She. The movie received negative reviews. It did not make much money.

Danny Wells

Jack Westelman or Danny Wells (April 7, 1941 – November 25, 2013) was a Canadian-American actor and composer. He was known for his role as Charlie the bartender on "The Jeffersons". He also portrayed Luigi in "The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!" The last episode Uncle Cereal to voice Uncle Grandpa Episode Escalator in 2013.

Wells died on November 25, 2013 in Toronto, Ontario, aged 72.

The Jeffersons

The Jeffersons is an American sitcom starring Sherman Hemsley and Isabel Sanford. It is about an African-American couple who live in New York City. The series was first broadcast on T.A.T. Communications Company, from January 18, 1975 to July 2, 1985. It is one of the longest-running television series in television history.

Christopher Evan Welch

Christopher Evan Welch (September 28, 1965 – December 2, 2013) was an American actor of Broadway, movie, and television. One of his last movie appearances was in Steven Spielberg's "Lincoln" (2012).

Welch died of lung cancer on December 2, 2013, aged 48, at a hospital in Santa Monica, California.

Barry Jackson

Barry Jackson (29 March 1938 – 5 December 2013) was an English movie and television actor. His movie roles include "Ryan's Daughter", "Barry Lyndon", "Aces High", "The Raging Moon", "Mr. Love", "Toscanini in His Own Words", and "Wimbledon".

He died in London on 5 December 2013 from a stroke, aged 75.

Fred Bassetti

Fred Bassetti FAIA, (January 31, 1917 – December 5, 2013) was an American architect, teacher, and a prime contributor to the regional approach to Modern architecture during the 1940s-1990’s. His architectural legacy includes some of the Seattle area's more recognizable buildings and spaces. The American Institute of Architects (AIA) described his role as a regional architect and activist as having made significant contributions to “the shape of Seattle and the Northwest, and on the profession of architecture.” 


Colin Wilson

Colin Henry Wilson (26 June 1931 – 5 December 2013) was an English novelist and writer. Wilson also wrote widely on true crime and criminology, mysticism, the paranormal, and other topics. In all, there are over 120 books, including some fiction. He preferred to call his philosophy new existentialism or phenomenological existentialism.

Wilson was interested in metaphysics and the occult. In 1971, he wrote a nonfiction book named "The Occult: A History". In it, he talked about the beliefs of Aleister Crowley, George Gurdieff, Helena Blavatsky, Kabbalah, primitive magic, Franz Mesmer, Grigori Rasputin, and Paracelsus. He also wrote a biography of Crowley, "Aleister Crowley: The Nature of the Beast". He also wrote biographies on other visionaries in spirituality and psychology, including, George Gurdjieff, Carl Jung, and Wilhelm Reich.

Wilson suffered a stroke in June 2012 and lost his ability to speak. He died on 5 December 2013, aged 82.

This was the book which made his name. It was really a work of literary criticism, but was also about social philosophy. It was based mainly on the work of Dostoyevsky, Camus and Satre, all of whom featured characters who were lost, outsiders, alienated from society.

Gollancz published the 24-year-old Wilson's "The Outsider" in 1956. The book became a best-seller and helped popularise existentialism in Britain. It has never been out-of-print since publication day and has been translated into over thirty languages (including Russian and Chinese).

Wilson's writing on crime is quite extensive and commercially successful. He wrote several books about serial killers and murderers.


Rob Cohen

Robert "Rob" Cohen (born March 12, 1949) is an American movie director and producer. He is known for directing the entire "Fast and Furious" movie series. He also directed "A Small Circle of Friends", "", "Dragonheart", "Daylight", and "xXx".


Jack Daniel

Jasper Newton "Jack" Daniel (September 5, 1850 – October 10, 1911) was an American distiller and the founder of Jack Daniel's Tennessee whiskey.

Daniel died from an infectious case of blood poisoning at Lynchburg in 1911. The infection allegedly set up originally in a toe, which Daniel injured in kicking his safe in anger when he could not get it open early one morning at work. He always had trouble remembering the combination.

C. V. Raman

Sir Chandrasekhara Venkata Raman, FRS (7 November 1888 – 21 November 1970) born in Thiruvanaikoil was an Indian physicist. He studied light scattering. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1930 for his work in physics. He discovered that, when light passes through a transparent material, some of the deflected light changes in wavelength. This phenomenon is now called Raman scattering and is the result of the Raman effect. He died of natural causes in his institute garden surrounded by flowers. He was awarded the Bharat Ratna in 1954. Read More..
Born on November 7, 1888, in the city of Tiruchirappalli, India, Raman's early years were marked by a keen fascination with the wonders of the natural world. From a young age, he displayed an extraordinary curiosity, spending countless hours observing and experimenting with various scientific phenomena. His inquisitive nature propelled him towards a path of scientific exploration that would shape his remarkable career. Read More...

Raman's insatiable thirst for knowledge and his commitment to scientific inquiry led him to pursue higher education at the Presidency College in Madras (now Chennai), where he studied physics and excelled in his academic pursuits. It was during his time as a student that he first encountered the phenomenon that would become the focus of his groundbreaking research—light scattering. 

Raman's fascination with the scattering of light sparked a curiosity that would drive him to unravel its secrets. In 1921, while aboard a ship in the Mediterranean Sea, Raman made a remarkable observation. He noticed that when sunlight passed through transparent materials such as water, the scattered light displayed different colors compared to the incident light. This phenomenon, which came to be known as the "Raman Effect," held the key to unlocking a wealth of information about the molecular structure of matter. Read More...
READ MORE..

WWF SmackDown!

WWF SmackDown! is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's and published by THQ. The game was known as Exciting Pro Wrestling in Japan. The Japanese version was published by Yuke's Future Media Creators.

It was released on March 2, 2000, in North America, April 2000 in Europe and on August 8, 2000, in Japan. The game was the first game in the "WWF SmackDown!" video game series. It was the first WWF game on the PlayStation to be published by THQ who took over from the previous publisher Acclaim Entertainment. It is was followed by "".

IGN rated the game a 8.8 out of 10 and said "It gives some to the N64 "Wrestlemania" game's tighter controls and crisper animation, but "Smackdown" is no slouch in either department, and it even bests "Wrestlemania" in graphics and features.”

GameSpot gave the game a 8.7 out of 10 and stated "The little things that debut in "SmackDown", such as a never-ending season mode and inklings of a plot, really make the game feel fresh and new."

Deap Vally

Deap Vally is a pair of Americans, Lindsey Troy and Julie Edwards, who make music together. They started their band in Los Angeles in 2011. Lindsey sings and plays the guitar. Julie plays the drums.

They met at a needlework class that Julie Edwards was teaching. Lindsey Troy was performing music on her own at the time. Edwards was playing drums and keyboards and singing in a band called The Pity Party 

In July 2012 they released their first single "Gonna Make My Own Money" on Ark Recordings. The next month the band was signed to Island Records.

Their first album "Sistrionix" was released in June 2013.

Nguni

Nguni may refer to:


Voortrekker Monument

The Voortrekker Monument is a monument in Pretoria in South Africa. It is a massive granite structure on a hilltop. It was built to commemorate the Voortrekkers who left the Cape Colony between 1835 and 1854. 

Most of the Voortrekkers were not satisfied with the British government that ruled over them in the Cape in those years, that is why they packed their ox wagons and started to trek to greener valleys to the north of current South Africa.

The Voortrekker Monument is an important structure to the white Afrikaner bloodline (children), because it shows many pictures, reliefs and statutes inside the building of what happened in the history of those years.

Nguni people

Nguni people are the group of people who speak Nguni languages. These languages are spoken in South Africa, Swaziland, and Zimbabwe.

Nguni cattle

Nguni is a breed of cattle. It is found in southern Africa. 

It is a mixture of local and Indian cattle, they were introduced by the Bantu tribes of southern Africa from the north. They are medium sized and like eat grass of the Highveld.

University of Pretoria

The University of Pretoria is a large public research university in Pretoria, the capital of South Africa. It opened in 1908.

The University was built on seven suburban campuses (in parts of Pretoria). It is organised into nine faculties and a business school.


Grimes (musician)

Claire Elise Boucher (born March 17, 1988), better known as Grimes, is a Canadian musician and artist. She was born in Vancouver in British Columbia. 

Boucher grew up in Vancouver. When she was 18 she moved to Montreal to study neuroscience and Russian at McGill University.
She wrote on her Tumblr account that she started Grimes in 2009 when she first heard Mariah Carey.

She released her first album, "Geidi Primes" in 2010 on cassette. In 2011 she released an EP with d'Eon called "Darkbloom".

In January 2012 she was signed to the record label 4AD. Pitchfork gave the album of a score of 7.5 out of 10. On January 9, 2012 she released the single "Genesis". Brooke Candy was in the music video. 

Grimes released her third album "Visions" on January 31, 2012 in the United States. It got mostly good reviews from music critics. Pitchfork gave the album a score of 8.5 out of 10. Allmusic called it the best album of 2012. NME chose it as the second best album of 2012. In 2013 it was given the Juno Award for Electronic Album of the year.

In December 2013 Grimes signed to Jay-Z's management company Roc Nation.

She is a feminist and autistic. In 2018, she became partners with Elon Musk. They have two sons, X Æ A-Xii and Techno Mechanicus "Tau" Musk, and one daughter, Exa Dark Sideræl. In October 2021, Grimes and Musk separated.


Jamelia

Jamelia Niela Davis (born 11 January 1981), best known as Jamelia, is a British singer-songwriter. She has released three albums.

Jamelia was born to Jamaican parents in Birmingham. She was raised there on a council estate by her single mother.

When she was 15 she signed with Capitol Records. In 1999 she released her first single, "So High". It didn't sell many copies, so Jamelia left Capitol Records and signed to Parlophone. They released her first album "Drama" in 2000.

She released her second album "Thank You" on 29 September 2003. Seven singles were released from the album. The second single "Superstar" reached number three in the UK Singles Chart. It reached number one in Australia and the Netherlands. The third single "Thank You" reached number two in the UK. It was nominated for Best British Single at the 2005 BRIT Awards. The fourth single "See It in a Boy's Eyes" was written by Jamelia with Chris Martin. It reached number five in the UK Singles Chart. The album is Jamelia's best-selling in the UK.

Jamelia's third album "Walk with Me" was released in 2006.

In November 2013, she became a presenter on "Loose Women".


Jamelia had her first daughter Teja in 2001. In 2005 she had her second daughter Tiani.


WWE Survivor Series (video game)

WWE Survivor Series is a professional wrestling video game developed by Natsume and published by THQ. The game was released for the Game Boy Advance.

It was released on October 12, 2004 in North America and November 19, 2004 in Europe. The game was the sequel to WWE Road to WrestleMania X8 which was released in 2002. It was the last WWE video game to be released on a Nintendo handheld console until 2007 when WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008 was released on the Nintendo DS.

IGN rated the game a 6.0 out of 10 and said "Even with its limitations and gameplay quirks, it's still somewhat satisfying to play, especially in multiplayer link mode, and especially if you haven't experienced the game two years ago.”

GameSpot gave the game a 5.6 out of 10 and stated "This is almost an exact duplicate of WWE Road to Wrestlemania X8 from two years ago, warts and all."

WWE Raw 2

WWE Raw 2 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Anchor Inc. and published by THQ. The game was released on the Xbox.

It was released on September 15, 2003 in North America and on October 10, 2003 in the PAL region. The game was the sequel to WWE Raw which was released in 2002.

IGN rated the game a 9.1 out of 10 and said "The new moves you get with the cage, cell, tables, ladders and chairs does take things a step beyond what the all-powerful No Mercy showed us. The gameplay and create-a-wrestler elements of the game are outstanding and make Raw 2 worth the price of admission for wrestling fans.”

GameSpot gave the game a 6.9 out of 10 and stated "WWE Raw 2 just doesn't feel like much of a step forward in the series. Instead it feels more like a big step sideways." 

Édouard Molinaro

Édouard Molinaro (13 May 1928 – 7 December 2013) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Bordeaux, Gironde. He was nominated for an Academy Award. Molinaro was known for his movie "La Cage aux Folles".

Molinaro died on 7 December 2013 in Paris. His cause of death was of a long-illness. He was 85 years old.

Menahem Golan

Menahem Golan (May 31, 1929 – August 8, 2014) () or Joseph Goldman was an Israeli movie director and movie producer. He was known for his movies such as "Masters of the Universe", "", "Captain America", and for trying to make many Spider-Man movies.

He was co-owner of Golan-Globus with his cousin Yoram Globus. Golan produced about 200 movies, directed 44, and won the Kinor David awards eight times.

Golan died in Jaffa, Tel Aviv, Israel on August 8, 2014, aged 85.


Yoram Globus

Yoram Globus (born 21 October 1943), is an Israeli movie producer. He is most famous for his association with Cannon Films Inc., a company he ran with his cousin Menahem Golan.

Elmer Lach

Elmer James Lach (January 22, 1918 – April 4, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey center. He played 14 seasons for the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League. 

Lach retired in 1954 as the league's all-time leading scorer, having played 664 regular season games, scoring 215 goals and 408 assists for 623 points, as well as 76 postseason games, where he scored 19 goals and 45 assists for 64 points. He was soon elected in the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1966.

Lach was born on January 22, 1918 in Nokomis, Saskatchewan. He was raised in Regina, Saskatchewan. Lach died of a stroke in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, aged 97.


Dermot O'Leary

Seán Dermot Fintan O'Leary, Jr. known as Dermot O'Leary (born 24 May 1973) is an English television and radio presenter.

O'Leary was born in Colchester, Essex to Irish parents. He has dual citizenship British and Irish.

He started presenting "Big Brother's Little Brother" in 2001. He presented the show until 2008 when Big Brother ended. He has presented "The X Factor" since 2007 to 2018.

He currently presents This Morning on Fridays alongside Alison Hammond when Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby are absent from the show.

O'Leary married Dee Koppang on 14 September 2012.

Emily Jane White

Emily Jane White is a singer and songwriter from California.

She released her first album, "Dark Undercoat", in 2007. In 2009 she released her second album, "Victorian America". White's third album "Ode to Sentience" was released in France in 2010. It was not released in the United States until 2012. In December 2013 White released her fourth album, "Blood/Lines".

The Ordinary Boys

The Ordinary Boys are an English indie rock band. Their name is from the Morrissey song "The Ordinary Boys". At first they were called Next in Line.

They started in 2002. The members were Samuel Preston, William Brown, James Gregory, and Simon Goldring. They released their first album "Over the Counter Culture" in 2004. The third single from the album. "Talk, Talk, Talk", reached number seventeen in the UK Singles Chart. 

In 2005 they released their second album "Brassbound". "Boys Will Be Boys" was the first single from the album. It reached number sixteen in the UK Singles Chart.

In January 2006 the band's singer Samuel Preston was on the British reality TV show "Celebrity Big Brother". This made the band more popular. Their single "Boys Will Be Boys" was released again. It reached number three in the UK Singles Chart. Goldfrapp did a cover version of the song for BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge. 

They released their third album "How to Get Everything You Ever Wanted in Ten Easy Steps" in October 2006. It had a more pop sound than the band's first two albums. The first single from the album "Lonely at the Top" reached number ten in the UK Singles Chart.

"Boys Will Be Boys" was on the soundtrack of the 2007 movie "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix". In 2007 it was also played in "Smoke and Mirrors", the fifth episode of season two of "The IT Crowd".

In 2008 they broke up. In 2011 they started again.

Alice Munro

Alice Ann Munro (born 10 July 1931) is a Canadian writer of short stories. Munro received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2013. In her stories Munro has changed the way people write short stories. Her stories usually start in a place where people do not expect. After that, the stories go back and forward in time.

Her first collection of short stories, "Dance of the Happy Shades", was published by Ryerson Press in 1968. It won the 1968 Governor General's Award for Fiction.

Munro's most recent collection of short stories, "Dear Life", was published in 2012 by McClelland and Stewart.

Raphael (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)

Raphael is one of the four "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". He is the brawn of the group of brothers and uses sais. He is also known as the Nightwatcher.

Raphael has been played by Nolan North in movies based on TMNT.

FKA Twigs

Tahliah Debrett Barnett (born 17 January 1988), known as FKA twigs, is an English R&B singer. She used to be called twigs. Her music has been called post-dubstep and trip-hop.

She was on the cover of "i-D" magazine in August 2012.

twigs released her first EP "EP" on 4 December 2012.

On 1 August 2013, Twigs posted the video for her single "Water Me" on YouTube. It now has over one million views.

twigs released her second extended play "EP2" on 17 September 2013. It was her first release on the record label The Young Turks. "Pitchfork" gave it a score of 8 out of 10.

In 2013 BBC put her on their Sound of 2014 list of nominees. In January 2014 BBC chose the winner.

twigs' first album "LP1" was released in August 2014.


Of Thee I Sing (book)

Of Thee I Sing: A Letter to My Daughters is a children's book by United States President Barack Obama. It came out on November 16, 2010. It is about the lives of thirteen Americans: George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King, Neil Armstrong, Sitting Bull, Cesar Chavez, Billie Holiday, Maya Lin, Albert Einstein (who was born in Germany), Georgia O'Keeffe, Jackie Robinson, Helen Keller, and Jane Addams. Obama finished writing the book in 2008, after he was elected but before he took office.

WWF Raw (2002 video game)

WWE Raw is a professional wrestling video game developed by Anchor Inc. and published by THQ. The game was titled WWF Raw on the Xbox. The game was released on the Xbox and Microsoft Windows.

It was released on February 11, 2002 in North America, September 27, 2002 in the United Kingdom and October 3, 2002 in Japan on the Xbox. The game was released on October 14, 2002 in North America and on November 1, 2002 in the United Kingdom. A sequel was released in 2002 called WWE Raw 2.

IGN rated the game a 9.1 out of 10 and said "The hardcore fans will get plenty of enjoyment out of the difficult AI, the awesome multiplayer modes and the super deep Create-A-Wrestler mode.”

GameSpot gave the game a 6.5 out of 10 and stated "While the game does some things very well, it generally falls short of expectations." 

Absurd

Absurd can refer to several different things:

Matthew Fox

Matthew Chandler Fox (born July 14, 1966) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Charlie Salinger on "Party of Five" and Jack Shephard on the supernatural drama television series "Lost".

John C. McGinley

John Christopher McGinley (born August 3, 1959) is an American actor, writer, producer, author, a board member and international spokesman for the Global Down Syndrome Foundation, and a spokesman for the National Down Syndrome Society. He is known for his roles as Perry Cox in "Scrubs", Bob Slydell in "Office Space", Sergeant Red O'Neill in Oliver Stone's "Platoon" and Marv in Stone's "Wall Street". He has also written and produced for television and movies. McGinley is also an author and a spokesperson for the National Down Syndrome Society.


Evolution (professional wrestling)

Evolution is a professional wrestling stable that competes in the WWE. The stable was created on January 20, 2003 and broke up on October 3, 2005.

The members of the stable were Triple H, Randy Orton, Batista and Ric Flair. Triple H acted as the leader and Flair acted as a mentor. The members of the stable each portrayed evolutions of professional wrestling with Ric Flair being "the past", Triple H being "the present" and Randy Orton and Batista being "the future". They all portrayed heels.

On April 14, 2014, Evolution, not including Ric Flair, reunited. They came down to the ring to their theme "Line in the Sand" by Motörhead and attacked The Shield.

On the June 2 episode of "Raw", Batista quit the WWE after he had his title match request denied by Triple H. Later in the night, Triple H said that he had a "Plan B" in his quest to destroy the Shield, which prompted Rollins to turn on and attack his group members Reigns and Ambrose.

On October 16, 2018, during the 1000th episode of "WWE SmackDown", Evolution reunited for one night. During the reunion, Batista was praising Triple H and saying that he has beaten everybody in the company before revealing that he hasn't beaten him. Batista would return on the February 25, 2019 episode of "Raw" and beat up Ric Flair backstage to try and get a match against Triple H. Triple H defeated Batista at WrestleMania 35 and Batista retired afterwards.



Nôm

Nôm is a script formerly used in Vietnam. It involved the use of Chinese characters to write Vietnamese. The Van Ban bell, engraved in 1076, is the earliest known example of a Nôm inscription. The earliest surviving Nôm literature dates from the 13th century. The script was in common use until the 1920s. It was replaced by the Vietnamese alphabet. The Vietnamese alphabet is a form of the Latin alphabet.

Classical Chinese was used by the royal court and for other official purposes. The Temple of Literature in Hanoi was the best-known school for the study of Chinese. Students who passed the civil service examinations could go on to become magistrates. Confucian scholars saw Chinese as the language of education and looked down on Nôm, while popular opinion favored Nôm. Only a small percentage of the population was literate in any language, but nearly every village had at least one person who could read Nôm.

In Nôm, a Vietnamese word can be written using a Chinese character for a word with a similar meaning or pronunciation. Each character represents an idea. Such characters are called "ideographs." In addition, each character represents a syllable or sound. Because traditional characters have this dual property, nearly every syllable in modern Vietnamese has acquired a semantic meaning. Like Chinese, Vietnamese is a tonal language. Since the issue of tone does not arise for Japanese or Korean, native phonetic scripts could develop for these languages without this complicating factor.

Sino-Vietnamese characters were eventually displaced by an alphabetic script. Unlike alphabets used elsewhere, the Vietnamese alphabet has marks to indicate tone. In contrast to South Korea and Japan, modern Vietnam does not require students to study traditional characters. Fewer than 100 scholars worldwide can read Nôm. Vietnamese literature written in Nôm, including classics like "Tale of Kieu" and the poetry of Ho Xuan Huong, can now be read only in translation. However, character calligraphy remains popular as a home decoration and as a symbol of good luck. The Han-Nom Institute, founded in 1970, collects and studies relevant manuscripts. The Nôm Ideographs were added to Unicode in 2001. Unicode is an international electronic encoding standard.

Chinese characters are used to write various languages in China and elsewhere, including Mandarin, the most widely spoken language in China, Cantonese, spoken in Hong Kong and southern China, and Classical Chinese, traditionally used for formal writing. The characters were formerly used in Korea and Vietnam. Japan uses a mix of Chinese characters and native phonetic script. Even characters that retain their original meaning in all languages may be read in various ways. The character 十 is given as "shí" in Chinese Romanization (pinyin), "jū" in Japanese Romanization (Hepburn), "sip" in Korean Romanization (Revised Romanization), and "thập" in the Han-Viet system used in Vietnam. In all these languages, the meaning of the character is “ten.”

Modifiers normally come before the noun in Chinese, but follow the noun in vernacular Vietnamese. Chinese texts published in Vietnam often included a line-by-line translation into Nôm. Even when the same characters appear in both languages, the order is different. Many Chinese phrases gained currency as loan words. Later, the word order could be reversed to correspond to normal Vietnamese syntax. The word "Vietnam" is from the Chinese "Nányuè" (南越), meaning “Southern Yue”. In Han-Viet, the same characters are read as . The word order was reversed in modern times. In Chinese, the phrase “Chinese characters” is written 漢字. This is romanized as "hànzì" in pinyin, kanji in Japanese, hanja in Korean, and in Han-Viet. In modern Vietnamese, they are .

The majority of the characters used in Nôm are of Chinese origin and are composed phonosemantically. For example, the character "喃" is read as ""Nôm"", whose phonetic component "南" is similar to the Cantonese pronunciation "Naam4" and means “chattering.” This rule is consistent in all Chu Nôm characters as all Vietnamese-made characters are composed using this method. The word "Nôm" does not have any negative connotation in Vietnamese, but rather suggests plain talk, something easy to understand.

Nôm includes thousands of characters not found in Chinese. In contrast, Japan developed only a few hundred kokuji, and Korea just a handful of rarely used gukja. These characters were created by authors who combined pre-existing elements. One element, called the "semantic component", indicates the character's meaning, either pictographically or ideographically. The other element, called the "phonetic component", gives pronunciation. For example, the reading "ba" is indicated by the character . In Mandarin, this character has the same pronunciation as in Vietnamese, but its meaning is unrelated: "to long for." For the character (⿺巴三), the character 三 which means "three" is added as the semanic component. "Father" is also "ba", but written as (⿱父巴). "Turtle" is "con ba ba" (; ⿰虫巴). Most Chinese characters were created by the same method. As the correspondence between sound and meaning is compounded in Vietnamese-created characters than it is in Chinese characters, the same approach resulted in two distinctions between Nôm characters; chữ Nôm (字喃; native characters) and Hán Nôm (漢喃; Han characters).

Of the 9,299 Nôm Ideographs, nearly half are specific to Vietnam. Each character has a codepoint assigned by Unicode. The characters for the V0, V1, and V2 sets were extracted from two Nôm dictionaries published in the 1970s. The V3 characters were extracted from manuscripts.

Chinese characters were introduced to Vietnam after the Han Empire conquered the country in 111 BC. Independence was achieved in 939, but the Chinese writing system was adopted for official purposes in 1010. Vietnamese began to use Chinese characters to write in their language at about this time. The Van Ban bell, engraved in 1076, is the earliest known example of a Nôm inscription. Nguyen Thuyen composed Nôm poetry in the 13th century. However, none of his work has survived. The oldest surviving Nôm text is the collected poetry of King Tran Nhan Tong, written in the 13th century. Many Nôm documents were destroyed by the Chinese during the Ming occupation of 1407-1428. Nguyen Trai (1380–1442) wrote both Chinese and Nôm literature in the 15th century. Trinh Thi Ngoc Truc, consort of King Le Than Tong, is credited with a 24,000-character bilingual Chinese-to-Vietnamese dictionary written in the 17th century.

Unlike Chinese, Nôm was not studied or classified systematically for most of its history. Vietnamese authors who had studied Chinese applied the principles of Chinese writing to their native language. Although official records were generally kept in Chinese, Nôm was used under two short-lived dynasties, the Ho dynasty (1400-1407) and the Tay Son (1778–1802). King Minh Mang (1820-1841) opposed literacy and the use of Nôm. In 1838, Jean-Louis Taberd wrote a Nôm dictionary that eventually gained general acceptance and wide circulation. In 1867, Catholic scholar Nguyen Truong To petitioned King Tu Duc to replace Classical Chinese with Nôm in official usage. The king did not consent to this, but he did respond with various efforts to promote Nôm. A decree was issued entitled "Please respect "quốc âm" [the national voice]."

In the 19th century, there was a flowering of popular literature written in Nôm, including such classics as Nguyen Du's "The Tale of Kieu" and the poetry of Ho Xuan Huong. Although only 3 to 5 percent of the population was literate, nearly every village had someone who could read Nôm aloud for the benefit of other villagers. 

In Korea and Japan, the traditional writing system was simplified so it could be taught to the general public. Vietnam's educated class looked down on Nôm as inferior to Chinese, so it was not interested in doing the work required to simplify and standardize the system so that it could be used for mass communication.

Like Chinese, Vietnamese is a tonal language. It has nearly 5,000 distinct syllables, far more than other East Asian languages do. Phonetic scripts used elsewhere, including hangul in Korea and kana in Japan, do not indicate tone, so they cannot be applied to the Vietnamese language. As in Chinese, a semantic meaning is attributed to every syllable. This characteristic of the language may be considered a result of the traditional writing system.

Beginning in the late 19th century, the French colonial authorities promoted the use of the Vietnamese alphabet, which they viewed as a stepping stone toward learning French. Language reform in other Asian nations stimulated Vietnamese interest in the subject. Following the Russo-Japanese War of 1905, Japan was often cited as a model for Asian modernization. Nationalists embraced the alphabet as "quốc ngữ" (the national language), and as a tool for promoting literacy. The Confucian education system was compared unfavorably to the Japanese system of public education. Nationalist writer Phan Boi Chau encouraged the young to "study in the East," meaning Japan.

The popularity of Hanoi's short-lived Tonkin Free School suggested that broad reform was possible. In 1910, the colonial school system adopted a "Franco-Vietnamese curriculum," which emphasized French and alphabetic Vietnamese. The teaching of Sino-Vietnamese characters was discontinued in 1917. On December 28, 1918, King Khai Dinh declared that the traditional writing system no longer had official status. The civil service exam was given for the last time at the imperial capital of Hue on January 4, 1919. This exam tested knowledge of Chinese. The examination system, and the education system based on it, had been in effect for almost 900 years. China itself abandoned Classical Chinese soon afterward as part of the May Fourth Movement.

In the 1920s, the Vietnamese alphabet became the country’s dominant writing system. By the 1930s, the use of Sino-Vietnamese characters was largely restricted to books with limited woodbock printings intended for the Buddhist clergy. In more recent times, traditional characters have been used mainly in calligraphy, such as wedding decorations. In 2012, manuscripts in Classical Chinese were translated to support Vietnam's claim to the Paracel Islands.

The following are the twenty-five most common characters in Nôm literature. The modern spelling is given in italics.

Some characters in this article may require the installation of an additional font to display properly:


Dio Chrysostom

Dio Chrysostom (; "Dion Chrysostomos"), Dion of Prusa or Dio Cocceianus (c. 40 – c. 115 AD) was a Greek speaker, writer, philosopher and historian of the Roman Empire. He lived in the 1st century, from about the year 40 to around the year 115. He is also known as Dion of Prusa or Dio Cocceianus. Eighty of his "Discourses" (or "Orations") are known. A few Letters and a funny mock essay In Praise of Hair, as well as a few other fragments also survive. His surname "Chrysostom" comes from the Greek "chrysostomos", which literally means "golden-mouthed". He should not be confused with the Roman historian Cassius Dio, nor with the 4th-century bishop John Chrysostom of Constantinople.

Cauchy's integral formula

In mathematics, Cauchy's integral formula is a central statement in complex analysis. The statement is named after Augustin-Louis Cauchy. It expresses the fact that a holomorphic function defined on a disk is completely determined by its values on the boundary of the disk. The statement also provides integral formulas for all derivatives of a holomorphic function. Cauchy's formula shows that, in complex analysis, "differentiation is equivalent to integration": complex differentiation, like integration, behaves well under uniform limits – a result denied in real analysis.

Magdalen College, Oxford

Magdalen College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. The Bishop of Winchester, William of Waynflete, founded the college in 1458. The full name of the college is "The President and Fellows of the College of St. Mary Magdalene in the University of Oxford".

At dawn on May Day, the College choir sings hymns from the top of the Magdalen Tower. Large crowds gather each year on Magdalen Bridge to hear the choir. 

Mansfield College, Oxford

Mansfield College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1838 as Spring Hill College in Birmingham. Spring Hill College moved to Oxford in 1886. At that time it was renamed Mansfield College, in honor of its largest donors, George and Elizabeth Mansfield. The college's main building was designed by Basil Champneys, and was completed in 1889.
The first female student at Mansfield was admitted in 1913. In 1955, Mansfield was named a Permanent Private Hall at Oxford University. In 1995, Mansfield was granted a Royal Charter making it a full member of the University. 

Chlöe Howl

Chlöe Howl (born 4 March 1995) is an English singer. On 4 March 2013, her first extended play "Rumor" was released for free download. In June 2013, she released the video for her first single "No Strings". She released her second extended play "No Strings" on August 23. "No Strings" was played in the movie "Kick-Ass 2".

Howl was nominated for BBC's Sound of 2014 prize on 3 December 2013.

On 5 December 2013, was nominated for the 2014 BRITs Critics' Choice Award.

On 9 December 2013, her second single "Paper Heart" was released.

Eliza Doolittle

Eliza Sophie Caird (born 17 April 1988), best known as Eliza Doolittle, is a British singer and songwriter. Her first album "Eliza Doolittle" was released on 12 July 2010.

Eliza Doolittle was born in London in 1988. Her father is John Caird. Her mother is Frances Ruffelle. Doolittle grew up in Camden. She went to Channing School.

On 29 November 2009 Doolittle released her first EP "Eliza Doolittle" on iTunes. On 11 April 2010 she released her first single "Skinny Genes". On 5 July 2010 her second single "Pack Up" was released. It entered the UK Singles Chart at number twelve. It reached number five on 11 July 2010. The two singles were from her album "Eliza Doolittle", which was released on 12 July 2010. 

In 2011 Doolittle was signed to Select Models.

On 28 April 2013 "You & Me", a song by Disclosure with Doolittle singing on it, was released. It reached number ten in the UK Singles Chart.

On 7 June 2013 Doolittle released the first single from her second album, "Big When I Was Little". 

Doolittle released her second album "In Your Hands" on 14 October 2013.

New College, Oxford

New College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. The official name of the college is "The Warden and Scholars of St. Mary's College at Winchester". New College is one of the oldest colleges at Oxford. It was founded in 1379. It is called "New" because it was the second college at Oxford named in honor of St. Mary. Oriel College which is 55 years older, is also officially named in honor of St. Mary.

Say Lou Lou

Say Lou Lou is a dream pop band. They are Elektra Kilbey and Miranda Kilbey. They are twin sisters. They were called Saint Lou Lou until January 2013.

Say Lou Lou started in 2012.

In August 2012 Say Lou Lou performed at the Popaganda Festival in Stockholm.

On September 5 2012 "Vogue" put them in their magazine as Artist of the Week. 

On 15 November 2013 Say Lou Lou released the EP "Better in the Dark" on Sony Music.

In December 2013 BBC put them on their list of nominees for the Sound of 2014 prize.

Their first album will be released in 2014 by Columbia Records.

Say Lou Lou sometimes lived in Stockholm and sometimes live in Sydney.They now live in London.


Robert G. Heft

Robert G. "Bob" Heft (January 19, 1942 – December 12, 2009) was the designer of the current United States 50-star flag. He has also designed a 51-star flag that would be used if a new state joins the United States. He was born in Saginaw, Michigan in January 1942.

Heft designed the current United States flag as a school project in Lancaster, Ohio, when he was 17 years old. He received a B- for his project from his teacher, Stanley Pratt. After talking about the project, he reached an agreement with his teacher that, if the flag was selected as the official flag by the United States Congress, he would get a better grade for the project. Heft stated that his design was chosen out of more than 1,500 designs that were given to United States President Dwight D. Eisenhower, and his teacher changed his grade to an A. 

After graduating from college, he became a high school teacher and later a college professor. He was also mayor of Napoleon, Ohio for 28 years.

After years of combating diabetes, Heft died on December 12, 2009, from a heart attack while living in Saginaw. He was 67 years old.


Nuffield College, Oxford

Nuffield College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1937. It is a graduate college only. It does not have any undergraduate students.

Division of Macarthur

The Division of Macarthur is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It is named after John Macarthur and his wife Elizabeth, who were both pioneers of Australia's wool industry. 

It covers the outer south-west of Sydney. It includes the suburbs of Airds, Ambarvale, Appin, Badgerys Creek, Bickley Vale, Bradbury, Camden, Camden South, Campbelltown, Cawdor, Cobbitty, Ellis Lane, Gilead, Glen Alpine, Grasmere, Greendale, Harrington Park, Kentlyn, Mount Annan, Narellan, Oran Park, Rosemeadow, Rossmore, St Helens Park, Wedderburn and Woodbine and parts of Bringelly, Catherine Field, Douglas Park, Leumeah, Razorback and Rossmore.

Over the years the size of the electorate has become much smaller. This is because of the increasing number of people living in the Campbelltown region. The towns of Bowral and Moss Vale and a large part of the Southern Highlands were removed from the division before the 2001 election. 


September Girls

September Girls are a garage pop band from Dublin, Ireland. They started in 2011. The members are Paula Cullen (bass, vocals), Caoimhe Derwin (guitar, vocals), Lauren Kerchner (keyboards, vocals), Jessie Ward (guitar, vocals), and Sarah Grimes (drums). Their first album will be released by Fortuna Pop! in 2014.

4AD

4AD is a British independent record label. It was started in 1979 by two men who worked at Beggars Banquet, called Ivo Watts-Russell and Peter Kent. It was called Axis Records. In 1980 the name was changed to 4AD. Musicians who have been signed to 4AD include Pixies, Cocteau Twins, and The Birthday Party. 4AD is part of the Beggars Group.

"Facing the Other Way: The Story of 4AD", a book by Martin Aston about the history of the label, was published in 2013.

Dead Rising

Dead Rising is a survival horror video game developed by Capcom Production Studio 1 and published by Capcom.

It was released on August 8, 2006 in North America, September 8, 2006 in Europe, September 14, 2006 in Australia, and on September 28, 2006 in Japan.The game was the first in the Dead Rising video game series and was followed by Dead Rising 2 in 2010.

In the game the player controls a photojournalist named Frank West who is trapped in a shopping mall during a zombie outbreak. The story centers around West trying to uncover the truth behind the outbreak while trying to stay alive.

IGN rated the game a 8.3 out of 10 and said it was "one of the more unique and entertaining titles on the Xbox 360.” but noted that the game could have had "a better save system, more intelligent NPCs, a more forgiving story progression, and tighter controls"

GameSpot gave the game a 8.4 out of 10 and stated "Dead Rising's gory, ridiculous, and entertaining action, coupled with its real-time structure and campy stylistic touches, make it one of the most unique games currently available for the Xbox 360."

The game won "Most Innovative Design for Xbox 360" by IGN in 2006, "Best Action Adventure Game", "Best Sound Effects", and "Best Use of Xbox 360 Achievement Points" in GameSpot's Best and Worst of 2006, and won "Action Game of the Year" at the 2006 Spike TV Video Game Awards. 

Christine Ohuruogu

Christine Ijeoma Ohuruogu, MBE (born 17 May 1984) is a British athlete. Her coach is Lloyd Cowan. She was born to Igbo Nigerian parents in Newham, London.

In 2009, she was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire. 

Ohuruogu won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics and a silver medal in the 400m in the 2012 Summer Olympics. 

In December 2013, she was given the "Sunday Times" and "Sky Sports" Sportswoman of the Year award. She was also nominated for BBC Sports Personality of the Year.

Ohuruogu has written children's books.

Sino-Vietnamese characters

Sino-Vietnamese characters () are Chinese-style characters read as either Vietnamese or as Sino-Vietnamese. When they are used to write Vietnamese, they are called Nôm. The same characters may be used to write Chinese. In this case, the character is given a Sino-Vietnamese, or Han-Viet, reading. Han-Viet is a system that allows Vietnamese to read Chinese. It is equivalent to pinyin in English.

Some of these characters are also used in China; others are used only in Vietnam. Chinese characters were introduced to Vietnam when the Han Empire invaded the country in 111 BC. Even after Vietnam became independent in AD 939, the country continued to use Classical Chinese () for official purposes. In the 1920s, Vietnam shifted from traditional characters to the Latin alphabet. The Han-Nom Institute was founded in Hanoi in 1970 to collect and study documents written in the traditional script. The institute has submitted a list of 19,981 Sino-Vietnamese characters to Unicode for electronic encoding. This includes a core set of 9,299 characters called the Nôm Ideographs.

Chinese characters were introduced to Vietnam after the Han Empire conquered the country in 111 BC. Independence was achieved in 939, but the Chinese writing system was adopted for official purposes in 1010. Soon after the country achieved independence, Vietnamese began to use Chinese characters to write their own language. The Van Ban bell, engraved in 1076, is the earliest known example of a Nôm inscription. Nguyen Thuyen composed Nôm poetry in the 13th century. However, none of his work has survived. The oldest surviving Nôm text is the collected poetry of King Tran Nhan Tong, written in the 13th century.

Classical Chinese was used by the royal court and for other official purposes. The Temple of Literature in Hanoi was the best-known school for the study of Chinese. The civil service examination tested knowledge of Chinese. It was given once every three years. Students who passed the exam could go on to become magistrates. Confucian scholars saw Chinese as the language of education and looked down on Nôm. Popular opinion favored Nôm. Some kings thought that all writing should be done in Chinese. They suppressed Nôm. Other kings promoted Nôm. In 1867, King Tu Duc issued a decree encouraging the use of Nôm. Only a small percentage of the population was literate in any language. But nearly every village had at least one person who could read Nôm aloud for the other villagers. Jean-Louis Taberd wrote the first Nôm dictionary in 1838.

In 1910, the colonial school system adopted a "Franco-Vietnamese curriculum", which emphasized French and alphabetic Vietnamese. The Vietnamese alphabet is a form of the Latin alphabet that includes tone marks. On December 28, 1918, King Khai Dinh declared that the traditional writing system no longer had official status. The civil service exam was given for the last time at the imperial capital of Hue on January 4, 1919. The examination system, and the education system based on it, had been in effect for almost 900 years. China itself stop using Classical Chinese soon afterward as part of the May Fourth Movement.

Chinese characters are used to write various languages in China and elsewhere, including Mandarin, the most widely spoken language in China, Cantonese, spoken in Hong Kong and southern China, and Classical Chinese, traditionally used for formal writing. The characters were formerly used in Korea and in Vietnam. Japan uses a mix of Chinese characters and two native phonetic writing systems. Even characters that retain their original meaning in all languages may be read in various ways. The character 十 is pronounced as "shí" in Chinese romanization (pinyin), "jū" in Japanese romanization (Hepburn), "sip" in Korean romanization (Revised Romanization), and "thập" in the Han-Viet system used in Vietnam. In all these languages, the meaning of the character is “ten.”

The majority of the characters used in Nôm are of Chinese origin, chosen because they have an appropriate pronunciation or meaning. For example, the character used to write the word "Nôm" 喃 is pronounced "nán" in Chinese and means “chattering.” The fit between the Chinese character and the Vietnamese word is not always exact. The word "Nôm" does not have any negative connotation in Vietnamese, but rather suggests plain talk, something easy to understand.

Nôm includes thousands of characters not found in Chinese. In contrast, Japan developed only a few hundred kokuji, most of them describing plants and animals found only in Japan. Korea had just a small number of rarely used gukja. These characters were created by writers who combined pre-existing elements. One element, called the radical, indicates the character's meaning, or at least a semantic category. The other element, called the remainder, gives pronunciation. This is similar to how most Chinese characters are written. Like Chinese, Vietnamese is a tonal language. In contrast, Japanese and Korean can be written in phonetic scripts that do not indicate tone.

When a character is read as Vietnamese, it is romanized according to its Nôm reading. When it is read as Chinese, it can be romanized into Vietnamese as Han-Viet, or into English as pinyin. The chart below uses a darker background to display the Nôm Ideographs (V0 to V3), considered to be the core Nôm character set.

In 1994, the Ideographic Rapporteur Group agreed to include Sino-Vietnamese characters in Unicode. In 1993-2001, the Han-Nom Institute assembled a collection of 9,299 “Nôm Ideographs" in four sets. These are the V0, V1, V2, and V3 characters shown below. A Sino-Vietnamese character is first assigned a V Source code, and later a codepoint. These codes are used to transmit and store the character electronically. An appropriate font must be installed to render them.

The Nôm Ideographs were extracted from two dictionaries published in the 1970s, one in Saigon and the other in Hanoi. V Source annotations were added to the glyphs that were already encoded. The rest were assigned codepoints in Extension B. "The Hán Nôm Coded Character Repertoire" (2008) integrates the work of the Han-Nom Institute with that of the U.S.-based Vietnamese Nôm Preservation Foundation. This book presents a comprehensive list of 19,981 Sino-Vietnamese characters, including the Nôm Ideographs, manuscript variants, characters formerly used by the Tay people of northern Vietnam, as well as numerous Chinese characters with Han-Viet readings.


Some characters in this article may require the installation of an additional font to display properly:


Dead Rising 2

Dead Rising 2 is a survival horror video game developed by Blue Castle Games and published by Capcom.

It was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on August 8, 2006 in North America, September 8, 2006 in Europe, September 14, 2006 in Australia, and on September 28, 2006 in Japan. It was also released on Microsoft Windows on September 28, 2010 in North America, September 30, 2010 in Australia, October 1, 2010 in Europe, and on October 28, 2010 in Japan.

The game was the second in the Dead Rising video game series and is the sequel to Dead Rising which was released in 2006.

IGN rated the game a 8 out of 10 and said it was "It’s not the smoothest game and it can feel like the last one, however that doesn’t mean a thing when the game’s this much fun."

GameSpot gave the game a 8.5 out of 10 and stated "The Dead Rising formula proves to be as addictive as ever, and a new cooperative mode and weapon crafting system are great additions to the franchise." 

Abraham Maslow

Abraham Maslow (April 1, 1908 – June 8, 1970) was an American psychologist. He is considered by other psychologists to be one of the most important psychologists of the 20th century. He was ranked 10th among psychologists nominated for being well-known or influential. He is known for creating Maslow's hierarchy of needs.

Maslow died of a heart attack.

Dead Rising 3

Dead Rising 3 is a survival horror video game developed by Capcom Vancouver and published by Microsoft Studios.

It was announced Microsoft's E3 2013 press conference on June 10, 2013 and was released exclusively for the Xbox One on November 22, 2013 as a launch title.

The game was the third in the Dead Rising video game series and is the sequel to Dead Rising 2 which was released in 2010.

IGN rated the game a 8.3 out of 10 and said it was "Dead Rising 3 delivers the undead and great tools to kill them with by the truckload."

GameSpot gave the game a 7 out of 10 and stated "Capcom has successfully made Dead Rising 3 a more welcoming experience than its harsh predecessors." 

Sándor Szokolay

Sándor Szokolay (30 March 1931 – 8 December 2013) was an Hungarian composer and a professor of the Liszt Ferenc Academy, Budapest.

Szokolay was born on 30 March 1931 in Kunágota, Hungary. He was chairman of the Hungarian Kodály Society (1978) and the Hungarian Music Camera (1991–92), and he is member of the Hungarian Széchenyi Art Academy (1992). Szokolay died on 8 December 2013 in Sopron from pneumonia, Hungary, aged 82.


Meg Mundy

Margaret "Meg" Mundy (4 January 1915 – 12 January 2016) was an English-American actress. She was born in London, but moved to the United States at the age of six in 1921. She played "Mona Aldrich Croft", on "The Doctors" from 1971 until 1982, when the show was cancelled. She was nominated for two Daytime Emmy Awards for her role as Croft.

Mundy's mother was an Australian opera singer. Mundy was married to Mark Daniels from 1943 until they divorced in 1951. Then she was married to Konstantinos "Dino" Yannopoulos until his death in 1985. They had one child. Mundy now lives in Manhattan, New York. 


Kingdom Hearts III

Kingdom Hearts III is a action role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix. It is the eighth game for the "Kingdom Hearts" video game series. It was released for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. "Kingdom Hearts III" is the first game in the series to be released on a Microsoft platform as it was only released on both Sony and Nintendo systems. 

After years of rumors and speculation, the game was confirmed to be in development at E3 2013. Director Tetsuya Nomura said that the game will finish the "Xehanort Saga" but that it would not be the final game in the series.

In a June 2013 interview with "Famitsu", Nomura discussed the visuals that were seen in the teaser trailer. He said that they tried to remember that the "Kingdom Hearts characters were originally paintbrush art from Disney productions, a texture that was one of our original aims, and that it was time to return to that. So [chief creative director Takeshi] Nozue went through a series of tests, and the results are the visuals that we refer to in the team as the Kingdom Shader. It may look like a pretty drastic change, but I see it as a rich evolution of everything we've shown you up to now." In September 2013, producer Shinji Hashimoto said that since both "Kingdom Hearts III" and "Final Fantasy XV" are being directed by Nomura, there would be a big gap between the release of the two games, "as [they] want each game to be perfect in terms of quality." Hashimoto repeated Nomura's statements about the game's announcement at E3 2013, and said that "the company thought it was about time it addressed speculation about the long-awaited conclusion to the trilogy." In October 2013, Teruzane Utada, the father of singer Hikaru Utada, said that Hikaru would once again be involved in the theme song, as she did with "Kingdom Hearts" and "Kingdom Hearts II". He later stated that it is still undecided on their involvement. In January 2014, actor Haley Joel Osment, the English voice of Sora in the series, said that he was in talks with the development team after the announcement and said that since dialogue was one of the last parts of the process, he believed he would not begin recording until mid-2014 at the earliest.

After the announcement of SQUARE ENIX that there would be no French Spanish and German voice (present in the 1 and 2) European fans launched the movement # EUDubbingForKH3 which aims to change his opinion SE and he includes (real) German and Spanish French voice through petition, letter etc.


Watchman

Watchmen were groups of men who discouraged crime and enforced the law. They were usually authorised by the state or government. Watchmen have existed in many places around the world throughout history. Today, the job of law enforcement has generally been taken over by organised police.

An early reference to a watch can be found in the Bible. Ezekiel says that it was the watchmen's duty to sound the alarm to warn the people that they were under attack (Ezekiel 33:1-6). The Roman Empire turned the role of a watchman into a profession. The Vigiles was the city watch in Rome. It was the city's police force.

In England, the Ordinance of 1233 required the appointment of watchmen. The Assize of Arms of 1252 and the Statute of Winchester of 1285 are considered among the earliest examples of a police in England. The Assize of Arms required that constables be appointed to call men to fight when the town was under attack. It also required them to stop disturbances of the peace, and to take criminals to the sheriff. By 1415, a watch was appointed to the Parliament of England. King Henry VII appointed a watch for his house, the Tower of London, in 1485. These watchmen became known as the Beefeaters.


SpaceShipOne

SpaceShipOne is a vehicle built to travel to the lower limits of outer space. It completed the first manned private spaceflight in 2004. That same year, it won the US$10 million Ansari X Prize and has not flown since winning. It was carried high into the air by a specially designed plane named "White Knight". Both vehicles were built and flown by Mojave Aerospace Ventures. This was a joint project between Paul Allen and Scaled Composites, Burt Rutan's flying machine company. Allen provided the money to build and fly SpaceShipOne, about US$25 million.

Rutan has said that ideas about the project began as early as 1994. The full-time work towards the 2004 accomplishments took about three years. The vehicle first flew faster than the speed of sound on December 17, 2003. This date was also the one-hundredth anniversary of the Wright Brothers' historic first powered flight. SpaceShipOne's first official spaceflight, was piloted by Mike Melvill. A few days before that flight, the Mojave Air and Space Port was the first commercial spaceport licensed in the United States. A few hours after that flight, Melvill became the first licensed U.S. commercial astronaut. The overall project name was "Tier One". It has evolved into Tier 1b with a goal of taking a new, but similar ship's first paying passengers into space within the next few years.

Watch Dogs

Watch Dogs (written as Watch_Dogs) is an Open world action-adventure video game that was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. The game was released on 27 May 2014. The game is available on Microsoft Windows, the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One and Wii U.

It was revealed during Ubisoft's press conference at E3 2012. They announced that PC is the lead platform for the game.

It was chosen as "Best PC Game", "Biggest Surprise" and "Best New Franchise" of E3 2012 by IGN. It also won "People's Choice Most Exciting Game of E3 2013" by GameSpot.

The game tells the story of Aiden Pearce, a hacker who searches the city of Chicago for information in order to find out who hired the men who killed his six-year-old niece, Lena, when they try and fail to kill Aiden.

watch dogs has sequels Watch Dogs 2 set in San Francisco and Watch Dogs 3 set in London in England.


Leonardo (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)

Leonardo is one of the four "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". He is the leader of the team of brothers and uses a sword. He is named after Leonardo da Vinci.

Leonardo has been played by James Arnold Taylor and Johnny Knoxville in movies based on TMNT.

Michelangelo (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)

Michelangelo is one of the four "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". He is the comic relief of the group of brothers and uses nunchakus.

Mikey has been played by Mikey Kelley in movies based on TMNT.

Division of Mackellar

The Division of Mackellar is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It is named after Dorothea Mackellar, a 20th-century Australian poet. The division was set up in 1949.

It covers the northern beach suburbs of Sydney, including Narrabeen, Beacon Hill, Newport, Palm Beach and Terrey Hills.

William Wentworth IV, was the first Minister for Aboriginal Affairs, and the great-grandson of politician and explorer William Wentworth, one of the first Europeans to cross the Blue Mountains. Bronwyn Bishop was the Speaker of the Australian House of Representativesfrom 2013 to 2015. 


Donatello (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)

Donatello is one of the four "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". He is the brains of the group of brothers and uses a bo staff. He is named after Donatello, one of the Renaissance masters.

Donnie has been played by Leif Tilden in movies based on TMNT.

Division of McMahon

The Division of McMahon is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It was set up in 2010 and is named for Australian Prime Minister Sir William McMahon. It replaced the division of Prospect.

The division covers the western suburbs of Sydney. It includes the suburbs of Abbotsbury, Blacktown (part), Bossley Park, Canley Vale, Cecil Park, Eastern Creek, Edensor Park, Erskine Park, Fairfield, Fairfield Heights, Fairfield West, Greenfield Park, Greystanes, Horsley Park, Kemps Creek, Merrylands (part), Merrylands West, Mount Vernon, Orchard Hills, Pemulwuy, Prairiewood, Prospect, Smithfield, South Wentworthville (part), St Clair and Wetherill Park.


Airbus A350 XWB

The Airbus A350 XWB (XWB standing for Extra Wide Body) is a type of airplane built by European aerospace company Airbus. It is a wide-body, long-ranged aircraft. The plane is able to carry between 300 and 410 passengers in a 3-class configuration. On January 15, 2015, the A350-900 entered service with Qatar Airways, and the A350-1000 on February 24, 2018 with the same airline.

The A350-900 is a wide-body, twin-engined aircraft made by Airbus. It is the shortest plane in its family, which holds 300-350 passengers in a three-class configuration. This plane is the first of its family.

The A350-900ULR is the upgraded version of the A350-900, which "ULR" stands for Ultra Long Range. Its larger fuel tanks allow for a longer range of 9,700 nm. The first operator of the type is Singapore Airlines in 12 October 2018.

The A350-1000 is a wide body twin engined aircraft made by Airbus. It is the lengthened version of the A350-900 that is 7 meters longer than the A350-900, and can holds 350-410 passengers when arranged in a three-class configuration.

Alfriston

Alfriston (pronounced All-friston) is a village and civil parish in the Sussex district of Wealden, England. The village is in the valley of the River Cuckmere, about four miles (6 km) north-east of Seaford and south of the main A27 trunk road and part of the large area of Polegate. Alfriston has a population of 764.

Dipodidae

The Dipodidae are a family of small to medium-sized rodents living in the northern hemisphere. The family has over 50 species in 16 genera.

They include the jerboas, jumping mice, and birch mice. Different species are found in grassland, deserts, and forests. They are all capable of "saltation", which is jumping from a bipedal stance. This feature is most highly evolved in the desert-dwelling jerboas. Their movement resembles that of kangaroos more than that of true mice. 

Most species are nocturnal, and the eyes and ears are noticeably larger than usual in proportion to the body. 

Personal defense weapon

A personal defense weapon (PDW) is usually defined as a light, compact and easy to use firearm. However the definition varies depending on context and who you ask. Many will still say it is a short-barreled rifle (SBR). These are regulated in the United States by the ATF. Many SBRs have "selective fire" (you can switch between semi-automatic or fully automatic fire). 

The United States Department of Homeland Security defines a personal defense weapon as an M4 carbine (or a Colt AR-15 civilian semi-automatic rifle). Some governments' definition of PDWs includes handguns. An example is the Czech Republic. It has proposed a constitutional amendment which would allow its citizens to own and keep PDWs as a way to discourage terrorists. Regardless, a PDW is usually agreed upon as being somewhere between a submachine gun and an assault rifle.

In the 1980s, the term was used for troops in tight, confined environments. They needed a compact automatic weapon that could defeat body armor. It was designed for troops in tanks, military trucks and those operating from aircraft including pilots. The majority of soldiers do not take part in an infantry battle. Their jobs are usually to support the infantry. Their main role is not winning a fight, but often to escape an ambush. In other situations they may assist the infantry. PDWs are also used by bodyguards as they can be hidden under a jacket but still allowed good firepower. PDWs tend to be shorter range weapons.

The term evolved as concealed carry became more popular, especially in places like the United States. Certain states in the United States make carrying a firearm for personal defense relatively easy while others make it more difficult. Also, quite a few other countries allow concealed carry, to various degrees. Pistols, especially compact models, are very popular self defense weapons today. Also, there are now a number of pistols available in rifle calibers.

In places where a firearm cannot be carried or the person chooses not to carry a firearm, there are other weapons they can carry. Common items such as a credit card, car keys, a pen or even a scarf can be effective self defense weapons. Because of the popularity of self defense, there are also specially designed non-lethal weapons designed not to look like weapons.


Swinton, South Yorkshire

Swinton is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire, a county in England. 11,701 people lived in Swinton in 2011.

Swinton has a secondary school called Swinton Community School. The school has a sixth form.

Bonobo (musician)

Simon Green (born 30 March 1976), known as Bonobo, is a British electronic musician. He released his first album "Animal Magic" in 2000 on the record label Tru Thoughts. It was then released again by Ninja Tune in 2001. He became successful in 2013 when he released his fifth album "The North Borders". Erykah Badu sung on one of the songs on the album. Bonobo's song "Ketto" was used in the Citroën C4 Picasso car advertisement in 2007. He lives in New York.

John Legend

John Roger Stephens (born December 28, 1978), known professionally as John Legend, is an American singer and songwriter. Legend has won nine Grammy Awards. He has worked with a number of established musicians before signing to Kanye West in 2004. Starting in 2019, he became a coach on the television series called "The Voice".

His first album, "Get Lifted", was released by GOOD Music (an imprint founded by rapper Kanye West) in 2004. It won the 2006 Grammy Award for Best R&B Album.

In 2005, Legend won Best R&B Act at the MOBO Awards.

In 2006, Legend released his second album "Once Again".

In 2008, he released his third album "Evolver". Three songs on the album were produced by will.i.am. Brandy sang the third song. The single "Heaven" won the Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance.

In 2010, "Wake Up!", an album of songs by Legend and The Roots, was released.

Legend released his fourth album, "Love in the Future", in 2013. It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album. "All of Me" was released as a single from the album. It reached number one in Australia, Canada, and the US.

He released the song "A Good Night" through Columbia Records with producer BloodPop on April 6, 2018.

In 2018, Legend became one of sixteen people to win an Oscar, Grammy, Tony and Emmy Award.

Legend is a feminist. He married model Chrissy Teigen in 2013 after 10 years of courtship. Their daughter, Luna Simone Stephens, was born on April 14, 2016. Teigen and Legend's second child, Miles Theodore Stephens, was born on May 16, 2018. Esti Maxine Stephens is their rainbow baby and was born January 13, 2023. They welcomed their 4th child on June 19, 2023, born via surrogate, a boy they've named Wren Alexander Stephens. 


James Blake

James Blake Litherland (born 26 September 1988), known as James Blake, is an English singer-songwriter and electronic music producer. In 2013 Blake was nominated for a Grammy Award for the first time. He was nominated for Best New Artist.

Blake was born in London. He went to The Latymer School.

Blake released his first album "James Blake" on 4 February 2011. It got good reviews. Pitchfork gave it a score of 9 out of 10. It was nominated for the Mercury Prize.

On 5 April 2013, Blake released his second album "Overgrown". Brian Eno produced the song "Digital Lion". On October 30th 2013, "Overgrown" won the Mercury Prize.

In 2013, Blake said that he was dating Theresa Wayman from the band Warpaint.


Katy B

Kathleen Anne Brien (born 8 May 1989), better known as Katy B, is an English singer and songwriter. She released her first album "On a Mission" on April 1, 2011. It got good reviews from music critics. It was nominated for the 2011 Mercury Prize. Katy was born in Peckham, London. She went to the BRIT School. Her next album "Little Red" will be released in February 2014. She released the second single from it, "5 AM", on 4 November 2013. It reached number fourteen in the UK Singles Chart.

I Want You Back

"I Want You Back" is a 1969 single by The Jackson 5. It was The Jackson 5's first release on Motown. It reached number one in the United States. It has sold six million copies. In 2009 Michael Jackson, the main singer of The Jackson 5, died. The song went back into the charts in the United Kingdom, Sweden, Ireland, Finland, and Australia.

ABC (song)

"ABC" is a 1970 single by The Jackson 5. It was the first single from the band's second album "ABC". It was number one in the United States for one week.

Jarvis Cocker

Jarvis Branson Cocker (born 19 September 1963) is an English musician. He is best known for being the frontman of the Britpop band Pulp. In 2012, Cocker started presenting Jarvis Cocker's Sunday Service on BBC Radio 6 Music.

When Cocker was 15 he started Arabacus Pulp with his friend Peter Dalton. They later changed their name to Pulp. They released their first album "It" in April 1983. In 1987 they released their second album "Freaks". In 1994 Pulp released their first album to sell a lot of copies, "His 'n' Hers". In May 1995 Pulp released the single "Common People". It reached number two in the UK Singles Chart.

He released his first solo album "Jarvis" on 13 November 2006. Cocker's second album "Further Complications" was released May 18, 2009.

The Sims 4

The Sims 4 is a life simulation video game developed by Maxis and The Sims Studio and published by Electronic Arts. The game was released on September 2, 2014 and is the sequel of The Sims 3. The game is available on Microsoft Windows and OS X.

It was revealed during Gamescon via gameplay demo and release trailer.

The game does not require an internet connection to play, but it will need an Origin account and internet access during the initial installation process.

The Sims 4 is made from the same idea of the other games in the series. The player controls their Sims' everyday lives. The game is open-ended and has barely any limits. The lots are connected with a large map. Sims can go to lots close to where they are by walking there, but can use their cell phones to go anywhere.

Create-A-Sim is needed to create Sims characters. With no Sims, the game is not playable. Sims 4's Create-A-Sim is easier to use than it is in other Sims games. The Sim's body type can be changed by clicking and dragging parts of the Sim's body. There is a slider to change how muscular the Sim is and another slider to change how fat the Sim is.

A Sim's clothing can be customized by the player. Mods can change this, but mods can also damage the game. Sims have several outfits. Each outfit is made in Create-A-Sim. They wear different outfits in different situations: an everyday outfit, a formal outfit, an athletic outfit, a sleep outfit, a party outfit, and swimwear. The player can change the Sims' outfits at any time in Live Mode.

Traits are what give Sims their personalities. Every trait you give a Sim will add something to their personality. For example, giving a Sim the cheerful trait will make them happy more often. When you are first creating your Sim you can give them three traits, and when you choose their aspiration you get one more. After that you can give them more traits by completing aspirations. There is no limit to the number of traits a Sim can have.

A Sim's aspiration is their biggest goal. You can change your Sim's aspiration whenever you want. The first aspiration you choose when you are creating your Sim will give it a special trait, but changing your Sim's aspiration after that won't change your Sim's traits. Each aspiration gives your Sims a set of tasks to complete. When you complete all these tasks the Sim will get a second special trait. The trait the Sim gets will be different for each aspiration. These can be completed if wanted using cheat codes in the game.

Child sims have their own group of aspirations to complete. These aspirations cannot be given to teen and older Sims.

Sims can only move and be controlled while the player is playing in Live Mode. In Live Mode, 1 second of real time=1 minute in in-game time. In Live Mode, the player can control one Sim in the selected household.

Sims can form relationships by talking to other Sims. The way your Sims treat who they're talking to will affect their relationships. If they are nice to a sim they will have a friendly relationship, but if they are mean they will have a bad relationship. Your Sims can also have romantic relationships with other Sims.

The 6 needs in the game are Fun, Energy, Hunger, Bladder, Social and Hygiene.This can change with the Vampire game pack, as the needs are Vampire Energy, Thirst, Hygiene, Social and Fun.

Sims have different moods depending on what happens to them. The positive moods include Happy, Confident, Energized, Flirty, Focused, Inspired, and Playful. The negative moods include Angry, Bored, Dazed, Embarrassed, Sad, Tense, Uncomfortable, and Scared. These moods are triggered by moodlets. Each moodlet has a certain number of points. For example, a moodlet may give your Sim "+2 Happy". Whichever mood has the most points will be the mood that your Sim is in at that time. Sims have different behaviors depending on their mood. It also impacts their social interactions with other Sims and their work performance.
There are many whims in the game. For example, a Sim may want to buy a TV, do their homework or take a bath.

If a Sim is not able to care for itself and the player does not help them, the Sim will die. For example, Sims will die from starvation if they don't eat. Usually, they will die in accidents or from old age. When a Sim dies, the Grim Reaper will come to take away the Sim's soul. Before the Grim Reaper takes away the dead Sim's soul, other Sims are able to beg for the dead Sim's life. This will not always work. If it does, the Sim will come back to life. If the Sim really dies, they will be replaced by a gravestone or urn.

Unlike previous games, build and buy mode are combined into one mode. In this mode, players can modify their Sims' houses, such as adding or removing rooms and furniture.


Rizzle Kicks

Rizzle Kicks are English hip-hop musicians Jordan "Rizzle" Stephens and Harley "Sylvester" Alexander-Sule. In November 2010, they were signed to the record label Island Records. Their first album, "Stereo Typical", was released on 28 October 2011. Their second album, "Roaring 20s", was released on 2 September 2013. Rizzle Kicks performed their single "Skip to the Good Bit" at the Royal Variety Performance on the 26th of November 2013.

Harley and Alexander-Sule went to the BRIT School at the same time. In 2008, they started Rizzle Kicks. Their second single "Down with the Trumpets" reached number eight in the UK Singles Chart.

Royal Variety Performance

The Royal Variety Performance is an evening of performances that happens every year in the United Kingdom. It is called the Royal Variety Performance because important members of the British Royal Family go there.

It is shown on ITV. The first Royal Variety Performance was in 1912. It was called the Royal Command Performance.

The 2013 Royal Variety Performance was at the London Palladium. Gary Barlow and Jessie J sung there.

Dying Light

Dying Light is a first person survival horror video game that was developed by Techland and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. The game was released on 27th January 2015. The game is available on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It was revealed on May 23, 2013.

The game started to be developed in early 2012. 


Slavoj Žižek

Slavoj Žižek (born 21 March 1949) is a Slovenian philosopher. He has written more than 70 books. He wrote his first English book "The Sublime Object of Ideology" in 1989. Žižek writes about a lot of different things. Things that Žižek writes about include psychoanalysis, politics, pop culture, and theology from a Marxist point of view.

He writes for "The Guardian". In 2013, he married the Slovene journalist Jela Krečič.

In 2006 Žižek presented a documentary that he had written called "The Pervert's Guide to Cinema". In the documentary Žižek used psychoanalytical film theory on several movies.

In 2007 a documentary about Žižek called "Žižek!" was released.

In 2012 "The Pervert's Guide to Ideology" was released in the United Kingdom. It was written and presented by Žižek. The documentary is a sequel to "The Pervert's Guide to Cinema".

Mince pie

A mince pie, also known as 'minced pie', is a small British fruit-based mince sweet pie. It is usually served during the Christmas season. Originally it was a savoury pie, now it is a sweet pie.

Its ingredients are traceable to the 13th century, when returning European crusaders brought with them Middle Eastern recipes containing meats, fruits and spices.

The early mince pie was known by several names, including mutton pie, shrid pie and Christmas pie. Typically its ingredients were a mixture of minced meat, suet, a range of fruits, and spices.

The ingredients for the modern mince pie can be traced to the return of European crusaders from the Holy Land. Middle Eastern methods of cooking, which sometimes combined meats, fruits and spices, were popular at the time. Pies were created from such mixtures of sweet and savoury foods; in Tudor England, shrid pies (as they were known then) were formed from shredded meat, suet and dried fruit. The addition of spices such as cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg was "in token of the offerings of the Eastern Magi".

Early pies were much larger than those of today, and oblong shaped. "The coffin of our "Christmas"-Pies, in shape long, is in imitation of the Cratch" (Jesus's crib). In old English cookery books the crust of a pie is generally called 'the coffin'.

Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw

Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School. She made the word "intersectionality" in 1989. She is a feminist. She was born in Canton, Ohio in 1959. She edited the 1995 book "Critical Race Theory: The Key Writings That Formed the Movement". In 1996 Crenshaw started the African American Policy Forum with Luke Harris. She has been on "The Tavis Smiley Show" and MSNBC.

Pure Heroine

Pure Heroine is the first album by Lorde. The album got good reviews from music critics. It was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards. The first single released from the album was "Royals". "Royals" was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Performance, Song of the Year and Record of the Year at the 2014 Grammy Awards. The second single "Tennis Court" reached number one in New Zealand.

Lorde wrote the album with Joel Little. Little produced the album.

"The Guardian" put "Pure Heroine" at number thirteen on their list of the best albums of 2013. "Rolling Stone" put the album seventh in their list of the 50 best albums of 2013.

Jessica Valenti

Jessica Valenti (born November 1, 1978) is an American feminist writer. She started the feminist blog Feministing in 2004. In 2011 she left the website.

Valenti's first book, "Full Frontal Feminism: A Young Woman's Guide to Why Feminism Matters", was published in 2007.
Her 2009 book "The Purity Myth: How America’s Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women" was made into a documentary. Valenti's most recent book, "Why Have Kids?: A New Mom Explores the Truth About Parenting and Happiness", was published in 2012.

On October 3, 2009, Valenti married Andrew Golis. The couple's daughter was born in 2010.


Economy class

Economy class, also called coach class, steerage, or standard class, is the lowest travel class of seating in air travel, rail travel, and sometimes ferry or maritime travel. 

Nya Quesada

Armonía "Nya" Quesada (13 April 1919 – 6 December 2013) was an Argentine actress. Her career lasted for almost fifty years.

Quesada died on 6 December 2013 from natural causes, aged 94, in Buenos Aires.

Battle of Monte Cassino

The Battle of Monte Cassino (also called the Battle for Rome and the Battle for Cassino) was a battle during the Italian Campaign of World War II. It was a series of four attacks by the Allies against the Winter Line in Italy held by the Germans and Italians.

At the beginning of 1944, the western half of the Winter Line was held by Germans. They held the Rapido, Liri, and Garigliano valleys and some of the mountains. Together, these valleys and mountains were called the Gustav Line. The goal of the Battle of Monte Cassino was to break through this line to Rome.

Monte Cassino, a church, was not occupied by the German defenders. The Germans had set up defence positions in the slopes.
American bombers dropped 1,400 tons of bombs onto the Cassino Abbey.

German paratroopers went into the abbey's ruins. Between 17 January and 18 May, Monte Cassino and the Gustav defences were attacked four times by Allied troops. The German defenders were finally driven from their positions, but with many losses for the Allies.

The Allied landings in Italy in September 1943 were followed by an advance north in two parts. An advance was made on each side of the mountain range in the middle of Italy.

On the western side, U.S. Fifth Army moved from Naples. In the east General Sir Bernard Montgomery's British Eighth Army moved up the Adriatic coast.

The Fifth Army made slow progress because of difficult land and German defences. The Germans were protected in positions. The original plans that Rome would be captured by October 1943 did not occur.

Although in the east the Ortona was captured, the advance stopped in December because of snow. Going to Rome from the east was not possible. Highway 6 ran through the Liri valley. The south entrance to this valley was Cassino. It was an important part of Gustav Line, the strongest defensive positions in the Winter Line.

Because the old Benedictine Abbey was important to history, German units did not put defensive positions in the Abbey.

Some Allied aircraft saw German troops in the Abbey. The Abbey looked over the valley. This made it a good place for German artillery observers. This made Allied commanders want to bomb the Abbey.

The plan of U.S. Fifth Army commander General Clark was for British X Corps to attack on January 17, 1944. The British 46th Infantry Division was to attack on January 19. This would support the main attack by U.S. II Corps on their right.

The main central attack by U.S. II Corps would start on January 20. The 36th (Texas) U.S. Infantry Division would cross a river five miles from Cassino. The French Expeditionary Corps would move towards Monte Cairo.
Fifth Army had only reached the Gustav line on January 15, having taken six weeks and getting 16,000 casualties.

The first attack was made on January 17. Near the coast, British X Corps crossed the Garigliano. General von Senger, commander of German XIV Panzer Corps did not think he could stop the attack. He asked for more troops. The 29th and 90th Panzer Grenadier Divisions were sent to him. X Corps had 4,000 casualties during the first battle.

The central attack by U.S. started on January 20. They were attacked by General Eberhard Rodt's 15th Panzer Grenadier Division. The attack was a failure, with 36th Division losing 2,100 men killed, wounded and missing in 48 hours.

The next attack was on January 24. The U.S. II Corps attacked across the
Rapido valley north of Cassino. The 34th Division pushed back General Franek's 44th Infantry Division.

On the right, the Moroccan-French troops made good initial progress against the Germans. The two Moroccan-French divisions had 2,500 casualties in their battles around Monte Belvedere.

The U.S. 34th Division had to fight southward. By early February, American infantry had captured point less than a mile from the abbey. By February 7 a battalion had reached a hill below the Abbey. Attempts to capture Monte Cassino were stopped by machine gun fire from the slopes.

On February 11, after a 3-day attack on Monastery Hill and Cassino town, the Americans pulled back. U.S. II Corps was tired after two and a half weeks of fighting. They lost 80% in the Infantry battalions, about 2,200 casualties.

This was called Operation Avenger. With U.S. VI Corps under threat at Anzio, Freyberg asked to help at Cassini. Freyberg thought there was only a 50% chance of success for the attack.

Allied officers started to think the Germans were using the abbey of Monte Cassino as an artillery observation point. The Allies thought of bombing with "blockbuster" bombs.
The bombing in the morning of February 15, 1944 involved 142 Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses heavy bombers followed by 47 North American B-25 Mitchell and 40 Martin B-26 Marauder medium bombers. They dropped 1,150 tons of bombs on the abbey. This turned it into rubble. II Corps artillery shelled the mountain. The German positions above and behind the monastery were untouched.

Pope Pius XII said nothing after the bombing. Cardinal Secretary of State called the bombing “stupidity.”

It is now known that the Germans had agreed not to use the Abbey for military purposes.

Following its destruction, paratroopers of the German 1st Parachute Division occupied the ruins of the abbey. They turned it into a fortress and observation post.

On the night following the bombing, a company of the 1st Battalion Royal Sussex Regiment attacked on Snakeshead Ridge. The attack failed, with the company getting 50% casualties.

The following night the Sussex Regiment was ordered to attack with a whole battalion at midnight. The Sussex battalion was fought off, once again sustaining over 50% casualties.

On the night of February 17 the main attack was done. The 4/6th Rajputana Rifles failed in their attack and had heavy losses.

In the other half of the main attack the two companies from 28th (Māori) Battalion from the New Zealand Division attempted to capture the railroad station in Cassino.
They were eventually pulled back.

For the third battle, it was decided to launch two attacks from the north. Before the attack, there was bombing by heavy bombers.

The third battle began March 15. After a bombing of 750 tons of bombs w for three and a half hours, the New Zealanders advanced. There was also an artillery attack from 746 artillery pieces. By the end of March 17 the Gurkhas held a point near the Abbey. New Zealand units and armour had captured the station.

March 19 was planned for the attack on the town and on the Abbey. An attack by the German 1st Parachute Division stopped the Allied attack and destroyed the tanks. In the town the attackers made little progress. Allied troops had to fight house by house.

Freyberg thought the attack could not continue and he ended it. The German 1st Parachute Division had taken heavy losses, but had held onto their position.

Fighting in Cassino caused the 4th Indian Division to lose 3,000 men and the New Zealand Division had 1,600 men killed, missing and wounded. The German defenders had heavy losses.

General Alexander's plan in Italy was to force the enemy to use the maximum number of divisions in Italy. With the arrival of the spring weather, it would be possible to use large groups of troops and armour.

The fourth battle was called "Operation Diadem". The plan was that U.S. II Corps on the left would attack up the coast. The French Corps would attack across the Garigliano. British XIII Corps in the centre right of the front would attack along the Liri valley. On the right Polish II Corps (3rd and 5th Divisions) would attack the Abbey. It took two months to get the troops ready. Movements of troops was done in the darkness.

The attack (11–12 May) on Cassino started at 23:00 with artillery bombing with 1,060 guns on the 8th Army front and 600 guns on the Fifth Army front. The U.S. II Corps made little progress. The French Expeditionary Force got into the Aurunci Mountains. In the mountains above Cassino, for three days Polish attacks and German attacks brought heavy losses to both sides.

By 13, the German right side began to lose to the Fifth Army. On 17 May, Polish II Corps launched their second attack on Monte Cassino. The Poles, on their second try, had captured Monte Cassino.



Eleanor Parker

Eleanor Jean Parker (June 26, 1922 – December 9, 2013) was an American actress. She was known for her roles in "Between Two Worlds", "Hollywood Canteen", "Pride of the Marines", "Never Say Goodbye", "The Sound of Music", "The Seventh Sin", and in "Return to Peyton Place". She was nominated for an Academy Award.

Parker died on December 9, 2013 of complications of pneumonia at her Palm Springs, California home. She was 91.


Kuniko Inoguchi

Kuniko Inoguchi (born May 3, 1952) is a Japanese politician. She belongs to the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP). On 31 October 2005, she was appointed Minister of State for Gender equality and Social Affairs.

She received an Master of Arts from Yale University in 1977. She also received a Ph.D. in political science from Yale in 1982.

Nippon Budokan

Nippon Budokan is an arena in Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo. It was used as the judo stadium at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Thomas Chippendale

Thomas Chippendale (1718-1779) was born in England. He was a London cabinet-maker and furniture designer. He produced a new style, Neoclassical. Chip 'n Dale are named after him.

Orix Buffaloes

Orix Buffaloes is a Japanese baseball team. This team was formed by the Orix BlueWave and the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes after the 2004 NPB season. The team is based in Osaka and Kobe and play home games at Kyocera dome and Kobe Hotto Motto stadium. The team has not had good results in recent seasons.
A former player, Ichiro Suzuki, now plays for the New York Yankees.

Steve Lawrence

Steve Lawrence (born Sidney Liebowitz; July 8, 1935 – March 7, 2024) was an American singer, musician, and actor. He was best known as a member of a duo with his wife Eydie Gormé, known as "Steve and Eydie." The two appeared together since appearing regularly on "Tonight Starring Steve Allen" in the mid-1950s until Gormé's retirement. He was raised of a Jewish faith.

In June 2019, Lawrence was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died on March 7, 2024 in Los Angeles, California from problems caused by the disease at the age of 88.


Claire Martin

Claire Martin (April 18, 1914 – June 18, 2014) was a Canadian writer. "Claire Martin" was her pseudonym. Her real name was Claire Montreuil.
Martin was born in Quebec City, Quebec. She studied at the Ursuline convent and by the Dames de la Congrégation. From 1945 to 1972, she lived in Ottawa and was a writer she created a book called The Race Of The Golden Apples.
Her residence at the University of Ottawa. From 1972 to 1982, she lived in France, before returning to Quebec.

Martin died in Quebec City, aged 100.


Douglas Slocombe

Douglas Slocombe OBE, BSC, ASC (10 February 1913 – 22 February 2016) was a British cinematographer. He had a long career in the British movie industry. His 84 feature movies span over 47 years. They include everything from early comedies in the late 1940s, and early 1950s, to the first three "Indiana Jones" movies in the 1980s.

Slocombe died at the age of 103 in a London hospital from complications from a fall on 22 February 2016.


Green Climate Fund

The Green Climate Fund (GCF) is an international fund for fighting climate change. It is part of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). It was proposed at the Cancun Conference in Mexico in 2010. It was accepted at the Durban Conference in South Africa in December 2011. The fund's goal is to help developing countries fight climate change by providing them with the money they need to do so. Money may be granted for projects, programs, policies and activities that will help fight climate change or help those countries adapt to global warming.

GCF operates in Songdo, Incheon, South Korea. The Green Climate Fund headquarters were officially opened on 4 December 2013.

The fund is governed by a board of directors. The Board has 24 members. There is an equal number of members from developing and developed countries. Two Co-Chairs of the Board are elected by the Board members. One is a member from a developed country and the other is a member from a developing country. Currently, the Co-Chairs of the Board are Mr. Manfred Konukiewitz (Germany) and Mr. Jose Maria Clemente Sarte Salceda (The Philippines).
Observers have noted that the GCF still has many challenges to work through. These challenges include the way the fund works, what its functions and goals are, how it is governed, and how it will do its job. These must be decided either by the GCF Board or by the countries that are party to the UNFCCC.

Jan Ekier

Jan Stanisław Ekier (August 29, 1913 – August 15, 2014) was a Polish pianist and composer. He is known for his authoritative edition of Chopin's music for the Polish National Edition.

He was born in Kraków, Poland. He turned 100 in August 2013. His first wife was the Polish actress Danuta Szaflarska. Ekier died in Warsaw, a fortnight short of his 101st birthday.

Titanfall

Titanfall is a first-person shooter video game that was developed by Respawn Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts.

It had a sequel called Titanfall 2

The game was released on March 11, 2014 in North America, March 13, 2014 in Europe and Australia and on March 14, 2014 in New Zealand and the United Kingdom. The game was made available on Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, and Xbox One.

It was revealed during Microsoft's E3 2013 press conference and was the debut game from Respawn.

The game won over 60 awards at its E3 2013 reveal and six E3 Critics Awards: "Best in Show", "Best Original Game", "Best Console Game", "Best PC Game", "Best Action Game", and "Best Online Multiplayer" which broke a record. The game was named "Best in Show" from IGN, Destructoid, Game Informer, and Electronic Gaming Monthly. It also won "Best Next Generation Console Game" and "Best Xbox Game" at Gamescom 2013 as well as a Future Award at the 2013 Tokyo Game Show. At VGX 2013, it won "Most Anticipated Game". 


Boris Pahor

Boris Pahor (26 August 1913 – 30 May 2022) was a Slovenian-Italian writer. He was known for his Holocaust experience described in the novel "Necropolis" the novel has been translated twice into English. His first book was under the title "Pilgrim Among the Shadows" in 1995, and the second time under the title "Necropolis" in 2010.

Pahor died at his home in Trieste, Italy on 30 May 2022 at the age of 108.


Herb Jeffries

Herb Jeffries (born Umberto Alexander Valentino; September 24, 1913 – May 25, 2014) was an American jazz and popular singer and actor.


Myeong-dong

Myeong-dong (, literally means 'bright town') is an area in Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea. It is mostly a commercial area, being one of the main shopping and tourism districts in Seoul. 

Actually, Myeong-dong is not an original name and it was not known as a commercial area at first. During the Joseon Dynasty era, it was mostly a residential district called Myeongryebang (). Later on, under the Japanese colonization, the name was changed to Myeongchijeong (). It started to be more like a commercial district during that colonial period. Finally it was changed to the current name, Myeong-dong in 1946, after independence. 

In Myeong-dong, there are several large department stores and shopping malls such as Lotte (), Shinsegae (), Migliore and Noon square. Also, the main streets are lined with lots of clothing shops, cosmetics stores, and international retailers. 

This area has become more and more international. The survey targeted 12,000 tourists departing Korea, and 55.3% answered that their major tourist destination was Myeong-dong, and it is one of the most popular shopping spots. Favorite items are Korean cosmetics such as Missha and Nature Republic, and there are most of Korean cosmetics brand stores on the main street of Myeong-dong. Therefore, it is necessary for those stores to hire bilingual staffs fluent in English, Japanese, or Chinese, and it attracts more and more foreign shoppers.

There are two Seoul Subway stations near the district; Station #202, Euljiro 1-ga on Line 2 on the north end of the area, Station #424, Myeong-dong on Line 4 on the south end of the area.


Chuncheon

Chuncheon is the capital city of Gangwon Province in South Korea. The city is in a small flat area surrounded by mountains. The Soyang River is around the city. It is the water source of the Han River. Because of this river, Chuncheon has lots of foggy days. Chuncheon is a popular tourist attraction among Korean and East Asian tourist thanks to the popular Korean drama "Winter Sonata". 

Gang chon is a popular tourist attraction especially for university students in Korea because it is near Seoul, the capital city of South Korea. It has good accommodation and entertainment facilities.

Chungpyeongsa is a temple which was built in Goryeo Dynasty. Because it is located in a beautiful mountain, many people go there to enjoy the beautiful scenery and valleys with their family.

Namiseom is a popular tourist island which became famous as a filming location of "Winter Sonata". It has a beautiful forest trail so that many couples and family who visit Chuncheon stop by there a lot. People can rent bikes or ride a short rail to look around the island.

The city has several famous foods. One of them is 'dak galbi'. 'Dak galbi' is a stir-fried chicken with sliced cabbage, sweet potatoes, rice cakes, sesame leaves and picy 'go chujang' sauce. It is usually cooked on a big iron pan on the center of the table. There is even a 'dak galbi' street which has many famous 'dak galbi' restaurants in the downtown of the city. Another famous food is 'makguksu.' 'Makguksu' is thin buckwheat noodles served in a cold beef broth with sesame seeds, sliced beef, cucumber, and spicy sauce.

Chuncheon has a train transportation named Gyeonchun Line. With this track, it takes about one hour and twenty minutes from Chuncheon station to Yongsan station in Seoul. Also, it has subway transportation to Seoul. It takes about one hour and forty minutes from Chuncheon station to Sangbong station in Seoul. People can take either train or subway in Chuncheon station and Namchuncheon station. It has bus transportation too. Near Namchuncheon station, there is Chuncheon Bus Terminal. This connects to all major cities in mainland Korea.

Main course

The main course is food that is served as the main dish in a multi-course meal. It is often served after the entrée. In the United States, the main course may be called the "entrée".

The main course is usually the biggest dish on a menu. The main ingredient is often meat or fish. It most often follows an appetizer, soup, or salad, and is often followed by a dessert.


Richard S. Williamson

Richard Salisbury Williamson (May 9, 1949 – December 8, 2013) was an American lawyer, diplomat and pedagogue. He previously served as Special Envoy to Sudan under George W. Bush. Williamson was a partner at Winston & Strawn and was also "Thomas J. Sharkey Distinguished Visiting Scholar" at Seton Hall's Whitehead School of Diplomacy.

Williamson died of a cerebral hemorrhage at a Chicago hospital on December 8, 2013, aged 64.

Paul Freeman

Paul Freeman (born 18 January 1943) is an English movie, stage, voice, and television actor. He is best known for his role as rival archeologist René Belloq in "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and as the evil wine baron, Gustav Reibmann on season 4 of "Falcon Crest". He also appeared in "Hot Fuzz". 

Beşbarmaq

Beşbarmaq (; Uzbek: norin, нарын) is the national dish of Kyrgyzstan, Bashkortostan, Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan. It is also the main course on feasts in Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan. It is made from meat, with chopped noodles and onion sauce.

Progressive conservatism

Progressive conservatism is an ideology that tries to unite conservative and progressive ideas. To deal with poverty, the ideology supports the idea of a social safety net. It also supports a limited redistribution of wealth. The people supporting progressive conservatism want to allow the government to regulate markets in the interests of both consumers and producers. Progressive conservatism first arose as a distinct ideology in the United Kingdom under Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli's "One Nation" Toryism.

In the UK, the Prime Ministers Disraeli, Stanley Baldwin, Neville Chamberlain, Winston Churchill, Harold Macmillan, and David Cameron have been described as progressive conservatives. The Catholic Church's "Rerum Novarum" (1891) advocates a progressive conservative doctrine known as social Catholicism.

In the United States, Theodore Roosevelt has been the main figure identified with progressive conservatism as a political tradition. Roosevelt stated that he had "always believed that wise progressivism and wise conservatism go hand in hand". Some people considered the administration of President William Howard Taft to be progressive conservative. Taft described himself as "a believer in progressive conservatism". President Dwight D. Eisenhower declared himself an advocate of "progressive conservatism". In Germany, Chancellor Leo von Caprivi promoted a progressive conservative agenda called the "New Course". In Canada, a variety of conservative governments have been progressive conservative, with Canada's major conservative movement being officially named the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1942 to 2003. In Canada, the Prime Ministers Arthur Meighen, R.B. Bennett, John Diefenbaker, Joe Clark, Brian Mulroney, and Kim Campbell led progressive conservative federal governments.

Colleges and universities in Oregon

This is a list of colleges and universities in Oregon:



Championship

In sport, a championship is a competition to determine which individual or team is the champion. Different forms of competition can be called a championship. It is usually the final competition in a tournament (a series of competitions). For example, the FIFA World Cup is a tournament held every four years. The winner of the final competition of each tournament becomes that tournament's champion. In a league system, the championship is the final competition of a regular season. In some league systems, a series of playoffs is used to determine the champion of a season. There is one champion for each season. In combat sports, such as wrestling and boxing, a competitor must challenge the current champion to win the championship.

Atlas Computer (Manchester)

The Atlas Computer was a computer installed in Manchester University in 1962 that was very important in the development of computing. The Atlas computer was one of the worlds first supercomputers and possibly the most powerful computer in the world at its time.

Management information system

A management information system is a system that allows a company to run efficiently, by providing the relevant information the company needs. Nowadays, management information systems use specialized software that runs on a computer. A management information system is usually targeted at economic aspects of running a company, while an executive information system is usually designed for managing staff. The first such systems were built in the 1960s.

Battle of Ortona

The Battle of Ortona was a small, very violent battle fought between German and Canadian troops. It was fought on December 20–28, 1943. It was part of World War II.

The battalion of German paratroops were from the German 1st Parachute Division under "Generalleutnant" Richard Heidrich. The Canadian forces were from the 1st Canadian Infantry Division under Major General Chris Vokes.

It was part of the fighting on the Adriatic area in Italy. The battle has been called "Little Stalingrad" because of the violent, close fighting. The battle took place in the Adriatic Sea town of Ortona, with a population of 10,000.

The Eighth Army's attack on the Winter Line defences started on 23 November. By the end of the month, Allied troops broke through the Gustav Line defences. The Allied troops were fighting towards the Moro river, near Ortona.

Ortona was one of Italy's few deep water ports on the east coast. The Allies wanted to capture the port. The Germans had constructed a series of defensive positions in the town.

The Canadians had to battle the German 1st Parachute Division. These soldiers were experienced after many years of war. Adolf Hitler ordered them to defend Ortona.

The Canadian attack on the town was on December 20. The Germans had hidden machine guns and anti-tank guns in the town. This made it hard for Canadian tanks and infantry to move. The fighting was very violent. The soldiers fought for every house.

After six days fighting, 2nd Brigade's third battalion, Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry, joined the battle. Tanks from 1st Canadian Armoured Brigade also joined the battle.

On 28 December, after eight days of fighting, the Germans withdrew from the town. The Canadians had 1,375 dead.


Battle of Anzio

The Battle of Anzio, which is also called Operation Shingle (January 22, 1944) was an Allied sea landing in the Italian Campaign against German forces of Anzio and Nettuno, Italy.

The attack was commanded by American Major General John P. Lucas. He wanted to get around German forces on the Winter Line. Then he wanted to attack Rome. Making a sea landing in a marshland needed to be done quickly.

The landing surprised the Germans. The Allies even got near Rome. The Allies got their men ready on the beach. The German commander in the Put his guns around the beach. The Germans also flooded the marsh with salt water.

After a month of heavy fighting,
the Allies finally got past the beaches in May. The Allies went north-west to Rome which was captured on 4 June.

The German Tenth Army at Cassino were able to go north of Rome. Then they got ready to defend the Gothic Line.

At the end of 1943, following the Allied invasion of Italy, Allied forces were stuck at the Gustav Line. Thid was defensive line across Italy. The land of central Italy helped the defence.

Operation Shingle was planned by Winston Churchill in December 1943. He planned to land two divisions at Anzio and capture Rome.

General Harold Alexander had thought of a plan using five divisions. However, the 5th Army did not have enough troops or a way to transport them.

The Anzio and Nettuno beaches are on marshland. When Truscott's 3rd Division was selected for the attack, he said everyone would die. Lucas was told lead the Fifth Army's U.S. VI Corps in a landing in the Anzio/Nettuno area.

Planners thought that if German forces left the Gustav Line to defend against the Allied attack, then Allied forces would be able to break through the line. If troops were left on the Gustav Line, then the Allies could try to capture Rome.

The Allies planned to attack from the south. They wanted to capture a beach near Anzio, move forward, and be ready to go to Rome.

One of the problems with the plan was there was mot enough landing ships. 
Only enough tank landing ships (LSTs) to land a single division were available. Later, Churchill made sure enough were available to land two divisions.

Allied forces in this attack consisted of 5 cruisers, 24 destroyers, 238 landing craft, 62+ other ships, 40,000 soldiers, and 5,000+ vehicles.

The attack consisted of three groups:


The Fifth Army's attack on the Gustav Line began on January 16, 1944, at Monte Cassino. The attack failed to break through. The Germans brought in new troops from Rome.

The landings began on January 22, 1944. The Germans did not attack the landings except for a few "Luftwaffe" machine gun attacks. By midnight, 36,000 soldiers and 3,200 vehicles had landed on the beaches.

Two Allied divisions landed. There were two or three times that many German defenders.

The Germans found out about the landings at 03:00 on January 22. At 05:00 the Germans ordered the "Kampfgruppe" of 4th Parachute Division and the Hermann Göring Panzer Division to defend the roads leading from Anzio to the Alban Hills. The Germans had 40,000 troops in defensive positions.

Three days after the landings, the beach was surrounded by three divisions: The 4th Parachute Division to the west, the 3rd Panzer Grenadier Division to the center, the Hermann Göring Panzer Division to the east.

Von Mackensen's 14th Army took command of the defence on January 25. Parts of eight German divisions were put around the beach. Five more divisions were on their way to the Anzio area. 
The arrival of U.S. 45th Infantry Division and U.S. 1st Armored Division, brought Allied forces total on the beach to 69,000 men, 508 guns and 208 tanks by January 29. The total defending Germans had risen to 71,500.

The Allies attacked on January 30. One group moved to Cisterna. A second group went northeast towards Campoleone.

By early February German forces in Fourteenth Army had 100,000 troops. 
Allied forces by this time were 76,400 
German forces launched a full attack at 23:00.

On February 16 the Germans launched a new attack. Both had 20,000 casualties each since the first landings. Also on February 18 while returning to Anzio the light cruiser was struck by two torpedoes and sunk with a loss of 417 men.

Both sides realised that no result could be achieved until the spring. The Germans built a new defence line, the Caesar C line. The Allies planned an attack in May. This would include attacking the Gustav Line, which was called Operation "Diadem".

In March, the 2nd Italian SS "Vendetta" Battalion and 29th Italian SS Rifle Battalion were sent to fight against the Allied forces at the Anzio/Nettuno beach. U.S. 34th Infantry Division arrived at Anzio in the same month. In May, U.S. 36th Infantry Division had arrived at Anzio. By late May, there were 150,000 Allied troops.

There were five German divisions. The Germans had prepared defenses, but they lacked officers.
The Allied planning for their attack was detailed. British 5th Division and 1st Division were to attack along the coast. The U.S. 45th Infantry, 1st Armored and 3rd Infantry Divisions would attack the German 362nd and 715th Infantry Divisions.

At 05:45 on May 23, 1944, 1,500 Allied artillery pieces started bombing. Then Allied infantry and armour moved forward. The first day's fighting was hard: 1st Armored Division lost 100 tanks and 3rd Infantry Division had 955 casualties. The Germans 362nd Infantry Division lost 50% of its fighting strength.

In the afternoon of May 25 Cisterna was captured by the 3rd Division. In the evening, the Allies turned ninety degrees to the left. On the new attack little progress was made until 1st Armored arrived on May 29. On June 2 the Caesar Line broke and the 14th Army pulled back through Rome. Hitler ordered no defence of Rome.

After the war, some experts said the Anzio plan was not good. It used just two infantry divisions with no armour.

"Operation Diadem" (during which U.S. 5th and British 8th Armies had 44,000 casualties) failed in its goal of destroying the German 10th Army.

Abdul Quader Molla

Abdul Quader Molla (; 14 August 1948 – 12 December 2013) was a politician in Bangladesh. He was convicted of war crimes committed during the 1971 liberation war of Bangladesh. He is the assistant secretary-general of the Jamaat-e-Islami, the largest Islamist party in the country. He was scheduled to be executed by hanging on 11 December 2013 at 0:01. Later, the execution was postponed until 10:30 of the day.

He is the former executive editor of "The Daily Sangram". He stood twice unsuccessfully for parliament in 1986 and 1996. He was contesting the seat Faridpur-4 for Jamaat-e-Islami.

Molla was executed on 12 December 2013.

WaveBird Wireless Controller

The WaveBird Wireless Controller is a wireless game controller for the Nintendo GameCube video game console. It uses radio frequency signals to communicate with the controller. It is powered by standard AA batteries. It was released in 2002. Its name is a reference to Dolphin, which is what the GameCube was named during development.

The WaveBird controller has the same design as the normal GameCube controllers. It is a little bigger and heavier than the normal GameCube controllers. It has a dial for selecting the channel a person wants the controller on, an on/off switch, and an orange LED light which is used to show that the controller is turned on. The WaveBird does not have the rumble feature that the normal GameCube controller has, as that would make the battery last for a shorter amount of time.

Like the normal GameCube controller, the WaveBird can be used with the Wii. It can be used for GameCube and Virtual Console titles, as well as with some Wii games and WiiWare titles. The WaveBird became more popular after the Wii's release because of how it can control those games wirelessly.

Battle of Bataan

The Battle of Bataan was part of Japan's invasion of the Philippines during World War II.

The capture of the Philippine Islands was important to Japan's goals. Japan wanted to control the Southwest Pacific, capture the resource-rich Dutch East Indies, and protect its Southeast Asia side.

It was the largest surrender in American and Filipino military history. It was the largest United States surrender since the pre-Civil War's raid on Harper's Ferry.

Japanese carrier planes attacked the United States Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor on the morning of 7 December 1941. Japanese aircraft also bombed the main bases of the American Far East Air Force near Manila, and the headquarters of the U.S. Asiatic Fleet in the Philippines. Many American planes were destroyed. The U.S. Asiatic Fleet withdrew its ships from its naval base in Cavite and retreated south. Only the submarine force was left to fight the Japanese.

From 8 to 10 December, Japan captured airfields at Batan Island, Aparri, and Vigan City. Army Air Force B-17s attacked Japanese ships. U.S. planes damaged two Japanese transports, the flagship "Nagato", a destroyer and sank one minesweeper.

The main attack was on 22 December 1941. The 14th Japanese Imperial Army attacked, led by Lieutenant General Masaharu Homma.

After capturing the beaches, the Japanese launched a major attack. 
The American commander, General Douglas MacArthur, realized that the beach defense plan had failed. On 26 December, he said that War Plan Orange-3 (WPO-3) was now being used. This was a plan to defend only Bataan and Corregidor. The plan of WPO-3 was to delay Japanese forces until the U.S. Pacific Fleet could get to the Philippines.

Manuel L. Quezon, the president of the Philippines, his family and government staff were moved to Corregidor. MacArthur's headquarters were also moved to Corregidor.

Gen. MacArthur wanted to move his men to defensive positions.

When the Japanese attacked, the untrained Philippine Army troops defending the beach were beaten. The U.S. decided to fight at Layac to slow down the Japanese troops. Later, from 1 to 5 January 1942, the U.S. fought to allow its troops to withdraw to Bataan.

WPO-3 had two defensive lines across Bataan.

On 9 January, Japanese forces under Lt. Gen. Susumu Morioka attacked the eastern side of the Abucay-Mauban line. They were beaten by the U.S. The Japanese advanced to the Salian River valley. U.S. troops fought off the attackers. At another battle to the west, a Japanese force got past the Abucay-Mauban line. The U.S. stopped their advance. On 15 January, 1st Regular Division was bombed, but they held the line. The Japanese moved through a gap. The Abucay-Mauban line had to be abandoned on 22 January.

Within four days, the Orion-Bagac line was formed. The remaining Japanese troops managed to get through. General Homma ordered the stopping of all operations to reorganize his forces. On 22 February the 14th Army line was withdrawn a few miles to the north.

Japanese troops landed on the west coast of southern Bataan on the night of 22 January. The US sunk two barges and the rest scattered into two groups. The Japanese forces were stopped by Philippine Constabulary units and U.S. Army Air Corps men fighting as infantry. Japanese commanders sent new troops to the beaches, but they could not break out.

On the night of 12 March, General MacArthur, his family left Corregidor. MacArthur went to Australia. He promised the Filipino people that he "shall return". After the failure of their first attack against Bataan, the Japanese sent artillery forces to the Philippines. They had 190 artillery pieces, which included bigger guns like 150 mm cannons, and the Type 96 240 mm field howitzer. The Japanese sent new troops to Gen. Homma's 14th Imperial Army. Toward the end of March, the Japanese forces prepared for the final attack.

On 3 April, the Orion-Bagac line was bombed by 100 aircraft and artillery bombed by 300 artillery pieces. The Japanese 65th Brigade and 4th Division attacked the left side of II Corps. By 8 April, the senior U.S. commander on Bataan, Maj. Gen. Edward P. King, offered to surrender. The next morning, 9 April 1942, Gen. King met with Maj. Gen. Kameichiro Nagano. The tired and starving American and Filipino defenders on the Bataan peninsula surrendered.

Salman Khan (educator)

Salman Amin "Sal" Khan (born October 11, 1976) is a Bengali-American educator, entrepreneur, and former hedge fund analyst. He started the Khan Academy, a free online education platform and nonprofit organization. He is a Bengali-American and a Muslim.


Battle of Rimini (1944)

The Battle of Rimini was a battle during World War II. It happened between 13 and 21 September 1944 in Rimini in Italy.

The battle was part of Operation "Olive". This was the main Allied attack on the Gothic Line in August and September 1944. This was part of the Italian Campaign in the Second World War.

The Rimini Line was a German defensive line which was part of the Gothic Line. Rimini had 1,470,000 rounds fired against it by allied forces.

On 23 August 1944 Eighth Army launched Operation "Olive". It attacking the eastern side of Italy. By the first week in September the attack had broken through the defences of the Gothic Line.

The 3rd Greek Mountain Brigade 
stopped two strong German attacks on 8 and 10 September. On 13 September the brigade tried to capture Rimini. The Germans were well prepared and held off the Greeks.

The following day 7 and 8 Troop of the B Squadron, 20th Armoured Regiment were added to the attack. The German defenders left.

On 15 September the Greeks attacked the Rimini airfield. Allied bombers attacked the western side of the airfield, and the Greeks attacked afterwards. The Germans attacked with fire from infantry, anti-tank rockets ("Panzerschrecks"), self-propelled guns, and emplaced Panther turrets.

The following day (17 September) the three battalions continued their advance. Once the airfield was taken the 3rd Greek Mountain Brigade turned towards Rimini. On 18 September the 2nd and 3rd Battalions moved towards Rimini.

On the morning of 21 September, the 2nd Greek Battalion reached the city and raised the Greek flag on the municipal building. At 7:45 of 21 September the mayor surrendered the city to the 3rd Greek Mountain Brigade.

Vernon Shaw

Vernon Lorden Shaw (May 13, 1930 – December 2, 2013) was the 5th President of Dominica. He took office on October 6, 1998, following the expiration of President Crispin Sorhaindo's single five-year term. Shaw left office on October 1, 2003, and was succeeded by Nicholas Liverpool. He died on December 2, 2013 from a heart attack, aged 83.

Gal Gadot

Gal Gadot (aka Gal Gadot-Varsano; ; ; born 30 April 1985) is an Israeli actress and model. Gadot won Miss Israel 2004, before serving in the Israel Defence Forces. She played Gisele Yashar in the 2009 movie "Fast and Furious". Gadot also played Wonder Woman in "" in 2016. She appeared in the solo movie "Wonder Woman" (2017) and again as Wonder Woman in "Justice League" (2017). 

In 2013, she was ranked as the second highest earning fashion model in Israel. She is the face of Gucci's Bamboo perfume. 

In 2019, Gadot formed her production company Pilot Wave, alongside her husband Yaron Varsano. Since the formation of the company, a number of projects have been announced, including a number of biographical films about important female historical figures, including Irena Sendler, Hedy Lamarr and Cleopatra.

Gadot was born in Petah Tikva, Israel to Jewish parents and grew up in Rosh HaAyin, Israel. Her family changed their last name from Greenstein to Gadot, a common practice in Israel. For many diaspora Jews who migrated to Israel, taking a Hebrew surname was a way to erase remnants of their diaspora experience and to assimilate into a new shared Jewish identity. In Hebrew, her first name means "wave". Her last name means "riverbanks". Her parents were born in Israel. Her father Michael Gadot is an engineer. Her mother Irit (née Weiss) is a teacher. Gadot's maternal grandfather Abraham Weiss was a Holocaust survivor from Czechoslovakia. She is descended from Ashkenazi Jews, with ancestry from the Levant and Southern Europe. As a child, Gadot required speech therapy due to a speech disorder. She was a skilled ballet, hip-hop and modern jazz dancer growing up, as well as a volleyball and tennis player. She was a member of her high school's basketball team. Gadot's first job was at Burger King.

From the age of 20, Gadot served for two years as a soldier of the Israel Defense Forces. She did well in the three-month training. Gadot says of her time in the army, "You give two or three years, and it's not about you. You give your freedom away for a while. You learn discipline and respect".

Kees Brusse

Kees Brusse (6 February 1925 – 9 December 2013) was a Dutch actor and movie director. He appeared in 47 movie and television shows since 1936. He starred in the 1975 movie "Dokter Pulder zaait papavers". It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.


Jim Hall (musician)

James Stanley "Jim" Hall (December 4, 1930 – December 10, 2013) was an American jazz guitarist, composer, and arranger. 

Hall died in his sleep in his Manhattan, New York apartment on December 10, 2013 from a heart attack, aged 83.


Don Lund

Donald Andrew Lund (May 18, 1923 – December 10, 2013) was a backup outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Brooklyn Dodgers (1945, 1947, 1948["start"]), St. Louis Browns (1948["end"]) and Detroit Tigers (1949–1954). He batted and threw right-handed.

He died on December 10, 2013 at the age of 90 in Ann Arbor, Michigan at his home from natural causes.


Rossana Podestà

Rossana Podestà (20 June 1934 – 10 December 2013) was an Italian actress. She was known for her roles in "Ulysses" and "Helen of Troy".

She was born in Tripoli, in the Italian colony of Libya on 20 June 1934. She was married to Walter Bonatti until his death in 2011. Podestà died from brain cancer in Rome, Italy, aged 79.


Lino Grech

Lino Grech (1930 – 1 December 2013) was a Maltese actor, writer, activist and director. He was known for his roles in "Final Justice" (1985), "Black Eagle" (1988) and "A Fine Romance" (1989).

Grech was born in Sliema. Lino Grech died on the night of 1 December 2013, aged 83, at the Mater Dei Hospital in Msida from prostate cancer. He is survived by his wife and his two children. His funeral took place on 4 December. His remains were cremated.

His career began in 1975 with stage work. He translated works done by Arthur Miller and by Lope de Vega.

Grech was noted for his role on the television drama "F'Bahar Wiehed" (1970s). It was the first Maltese-language television series, which broadcast on TVM. Greech also directed and wrote stage works. Grech wanted to strengthen the theatrical and television works in Malta. 

In the 1990s, he wrote episodes for television shows such as "Hypocrites", "Simpatiċi", "The Family Grech", and "Now We See".

Besides acting, Grech was a labor union activist. He led one of the longest strikes on workers' rights in Maltese history.

Brian Hitchen

Brian Hitchen, CBE (8 July 1936 – 2 December 2013) was a British newspaper editor. Late in his career, he worked as a publisher. An incident with a car while crossing the road near Alicante, in Spain, led to his wife being killed instantly, while Hitchen himself died from his injuries a few hours later.

Salim Kallas

Salim Kallas (; 13 November 1936 − 2 December 2013) was a Syrian actor and politician.

Kallas died of lung cancer on 2 December 2013, aged 77, in Damascus. He left his wife, son and five daughters. His burial was on the next day, 3 December.

Riff Raff

Horst Christian Simco, better known as Riff Raff, is a singer and musician from Texas. He joined the band the Neighborhood in 2013. His second album "Neon Icon" is going to be released by Mad Decent in January 2014. 2 Chainz, Drake, Snoop Dogg, and Juicy J worked on the album with Riff Raff.




Johan van Hulst

Johan Wilhelm van Hulst (January 28, 1911 – March 22, 2018) was a Dutch retired politician. He served as Member of the Senate from July 3, 1956 until June 10, 1981. He was the Parliamentary leader of the Christian Historical Union in the Senate from December 10, 1968 until June 8, 1977 when the Christian Historical Union merged into the Christian Democratic Appeal.

Van Hulst was also a chess player and a former academic.

On March 22, 2018, Van Hulst died in Amsterdam at the age of 107.


Jackson Browne

Clyde Jackson Browne (born October 9, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. He has sold over 18 million albums in the United States alone. People know him for his songs "These Days", "The Pretender", "Running on Empty", "Lawyers in Love", "Doctor My Eyes", "Take It Easy", "For a Rocker", and "Somebody's Baby". 

Browne was born in Heidelberg, Germany on October 9, 1948 to an American family. He was raised in Los Angeles.

On March 24, 2020, Browne announced that he had tested positive for COVID-19 during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic.




Silvio Zavala

Silvio Arturo Zavala Vallado (February 7, 1909 – December 5, 2014) was a Mexican historian. He was an expert in law studies and Mexico's history.

Zavala born in Mérida, Yucatán on February 7, 1909. He studied at the National University of Mexico and at the University of Madrid. Zavala obtained a Ph.D. in law from the latter. He began his professional career in Spain in the Center for Historic Studies in Madrid.

Zavala died in Mexico City on December 5, 2014, aged 105.


Moonwalker

Moonwalker, also known as Michael Jackson: Moonwalker, is an American-British-Canadian movie. It was released in 1988 in theatres in Europe and South America. The movie is a collection of eight short films about Michael Jackson. It is 93 minutes long. It made US$67,000,000 at box offices. On January 10, 1989, it was released on video on the United States and Canada. The video had sold more than 800,000 copies in the U.S. by April 17, 1989. The movie is named after a dance move that Jackson did called the moonwalk. John Lennon's son Sean is in the movie. Jackson executive produced "Moonwalker".
Brandon Quentin Adams won the 1989 Young Artist Award for Best Young Actor/Actress in a Film Made for Video for his role as Zeke, a child version of Jackson, in the movie.
In 1989, Blackthorne Publishing made the movie into a comic book called "Moonwalker 3-D".

Apollo Lunar Module

The Apollo Lunar Module (LM) is the spidery-looking landing vehicle on the moon. It was built for the US Apollo program to carry a crew of two from lunar orbit to the surface and back.

The LM was the last of the Apollo “hardware” to be developed. Its start had been delayed while NASA made up its mind to take the lunar-orbit meeting approach and thus require a vehicle like the LM for a landing. A contract with the prime builder was signed on January, 1963, almost two years after the Apollo project began. The LM was tested several times in space. Finally, on July 20, 1969 the Apollo 11 LM Eagle made the first manned lunar landing. 

As Apollo missions progressed, Apollo 12, 14, 15, 16, 17 had lunar landings using their LMs. Apollo 13 had a terribly dangerous accident when an oxygen tank exploded. The Apollo 13 Lunar module, called "Aquarius", played an unexpected role in saving the lives of the three astronauts after the explosion. 

The LM was consisted of an ascent stage and decent stage.
This was the unmanned lower part of the LM. it looked like octagonal-shaped. It was made of aluminum alloy and had four legs for landing. It had a descent rocket engine, and batteries and various supplies and scientific equipment to be used when landing on the moon and during the astronauts’ stay on the moon. 

To land on the moon, the descent engine would be fired to begin the LM’s drop from out in lunar orbit down toward the moon. LM could descend vertically and hover above the surface of moon. After the two men finished their stay on the surface, the ascent stage, sitting on the descent stage, would use its ascent engine firing to lift itself off the moon.

This was the roundish upper half of the LM, the command center and crew cabin as well as the launching rocket for leaving the moon. 

To save weight, there were no seats for the men. They would stand, loosely held in place by straps. In front and on either side of them were control panels for the LM’s guidance, communication, environment and propulsion systems. On the left side, there was a window by which commander could look out to steer the LM. Overhead in the middle section was the of diameter hatch where the astronauts transferred to and from the Command Module when two vehicles were linked. LM’s ascent rocket to meet Command Module was below the deck of the midsection. Although ascent rocket was small, it was sufficient because the moon’s weak gravity – one-sixth that of earth’s – meant that the LM would not require a strong push to rise from the lunar surface.

On Monday, January 22, 1968, a 16-ton unmanned Lunar Module surrounded by a protective shield stood on top of a two-stage Saturn 1-B rocket called Apollo 5. This flight was made to do two important tests. One was to check separating stage from main rocket. The second was to check test firing of the descent engine, but this mission did not succeed. The Apollo 5 test ended after eight hours, and the LM remained in earth orbit. It eventually dropped into the atmosphere and burned up.



Mont-Saint-Michel

Le Mont-Saint-Michel (; ) is an island and commune in Normandy, France. It is in the Manche department. It is located about one kilometre () from the country's northwestern coast. It is at the mouth of the Couesnon River near Avranches. It is in size and it has a population of 44 (2009). People that live there are called the "Montois".

The island has had strategic fortifications since ancient times. The name "Mont-Saint-Michel" comes from the monastery built there in the eighth century AD. The way in which the town is built is an example of how feudal society worked. At the top there is God, the abbey and monastery. Below this, there are the great halls, then stores and houses. At the bottom, outside the walls, there are the houses of fishermen and farmers.

Mont-Saint-Michel is one of France's most famous landmarks. The island and its bay are part of the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites. Every year, more than 3 million people visit it.

In prehistoric times, the "Mont" was on dry land. It is now a rocky tidal island. Sea levels became higher and erosion changed the landscape of the coast. Several layers of granite or granulite came to the surface in the bay. These layers of rock resisted the damage by the ocean better than the other rocks around them. These included Lillemer, the Mont-Dol, Tombelaine (a small island just to the north), and Mont Tombe, which later became Mont-Saint-Michel. The mount has a circumference of about 960 metres (3,150 ft). It is 92 metres (301 ft) above sea level at its highest point.

The difference between the high and low water marks is about . Medieval pilgrims who crossed the flat land sometimes called the mount "St. Michael in peril of the sea". Today, it can still be dangerous for visitors who do not use the causeway. It can be a risk to walk across the sands from the opposite coast. This is because of quicksand.

Polderisation and occasional flooding have created salt marsh meadows. They are ideal for sheep. The meat has a good flavour because of the sheep's diet. The "pré salé" (salt meadow, in French) is home to "agneaux de pré-salé" (salt meadow lamb). This is made into a local specialty (a famous type of food). The local lamb is sometimes on the menus of restaurants in the area.

Before 2013, Mont-Saint-Michel was linked to the mainland with a tidal causeway. It was a path covered at high tide and shown at low tide. This connection changed over the centuries. The coastal flats (the sand) have been polderised to make pastureland. This means Mont-Saint-Michel became closer to the coast. The Couesnon River was canalised. This helped make the flow of water similar every time the tide rises or falls. However, it developed a silting-up of the bay. In 1879, the tidal causeway was changed into a raised, dry causeway. This stopped the tide from cleaning the silt around the mount.

On 16 June 2006, the French prime minister and regional authorities announced a €164 million project ("Projet Mont-Saint-Michel"). The wanted to build a hydraulic dam using the waters of the river Couesnon and of tides. This would help remove all of the silt deposited by the rising tides. It would make Mont-Saint-Michel an island again.

The construction of the dam began in 2009. It was completed in 2013. The project was also to remove the causeway and its visitor car-park. The new car-park is on the mainland. It is about two kilometres () from the island. Visitors can use small shuttle buses to cross the causeway. The bridge is also open to pedestrians and vehicles without a motor.

Architect Dietmar Feichtinger designed the bridge. It opened to the public on 22 July 2014. The bridge lets the waters go freely around the island. It makes the dam more efficient. The project cost €209 million, €45 million more than planned. President François Hollande officially opened the bridge.

Sometimes, weather conditions make the tide very high. This is called a "supertide". For example, the sea completely covered the new bridge on 21 March 2015. It was the highest sea level for at least 18 years. Many people travelled to Mont-Saint-Michel to take photos.

Mont-Saint-Michel was an Armorican stronghold of Gallo-Roman culture in the sixth and seventh centuries. In the seventh century, the Franks took the mount. From about the fifth to the eighth century, Mont-Saint-Michel was part of a region called Neustria. At the start of the ninth century, it was an important place in the marches of Neustria.
Before the eighth century, the island was called "Mont Tombe" (). The Catholic Church built the first religious building in the eighth century, and the mount became Mont-Saint-Michel. According to legend, the Archangel Michael appeared in 708 to St. Aubert, the bishop of Avranches. The angel told him to build a church on the mount. Aubert didn't listen to the angel until Michael burned a hole in the bishop's skull with his finger.

The king of the Franks could not defend his kingdom against the attacks of the Vikings. The king agreed to give the Cotentin peninsula and the Avranchin, including Mont-Saint-Michel, to the Bretons in the 867 Treaty of Compiègne. For a short time, the mount belonged to the Bretons. In effect, these lands and Mont-Saint-Michel never belonged to the duchy of Brittany. They remained separate bishoprics from the newly created Breton archbishopric of Dol. When Rollo named Franco as archbishop of Rouen, the diocese of Rouen took the lands and the mount. They became part of Normandy once again, but not officially.

The mount became strategically important again in 933 when William "Long Sword" (the Duke of Normandy) annexed the Cotentin Peninsula from the weakened Dukes of Brittany. This made the mount part of Normandy officially. This is shown in the Bayeux Tapestry, which commemorates (helps remember) the Norman conquest of England in 1066. The tapestry shows Harold, Earl of Wessex helping two Norman knights from the quicksand around Mont-Saint-Michel during a battle with Conan II, Duke of Brittany. Norman dukes paid for the development of the abbey in the following centuries. It became a good example of Norman architecture.

In 1067, the monastery of Mont-Saint-Michel gave its support to Duke William of Normandy in his claim to the throne of England. William gave houses and grounds on the English side of the Channel as a reward. These included a small island off the southwestern coast of Cornwall. It became a Norman priory named St Michael's Mount of Penzance. It looks similar to Mont-Saint-Michel.

During the Hundred Years' War, the English made many attacks on the island. They were not able to take it due to the abbey's very good fortifications. The English first attacked the mount in 1423, and then again in 1433. Thomas Scalles was the leader of the English army. Scalles left two wrought iron bombards when he stopped his attack. They are still there today. They are known as "les Michelettes". The resistance at Mont-Saint-Michel gave hope to the French, especially Joan of Arc.
When Louis XI of France founded the Order of Saint Michael in 1469, he wanted the church of Mont-Saint-Michel to become the chapel for the Order. However, it was far from Paris so this was not possible.

The wealth and influence of the abbey helped other foundations, for example St Michael's Mount in Cornwall. However, it started to become less popular as a centre of pilgrimage due to the Reformation. At the time of the French Revolution, there were almost no monks living there. The republicans closed the abbey. It became a prison. At first, this was to hold clerical enemies of the French republic. Later, there were also important political prisoners at the mount. In 1836, famous figures, such as Victor Hugo, started a campaign to restore the mount. The prison closed in 1863, and the mount became a historic monument in 1874. Mont-Saint-Michel and its bay became UNESCO World Heritage Sites in 1979. The factors for listing included cultural, historical, and architectural importance, as well as man-made and natural beauty.

In the 11th century, Richard II of Normandy chose an Italian architect called William de Volpiano to build the abbey of Mont-Saint-Michel. Volpiano had already built the Abbey of Fécamp, in Normandy. He designed the Romanesque church of the abbey. He chose to place the transept crossing at the top of the mount. He also built a lot of crypts and chapels below the ground. These are to support building above, because it is very heavy. Today, Mont-Saint-Michel has a church of Romanesque style.

Robert de Thorigny was a great supporter of Henry II of England. Henry was also Duke of Normandy at this time. Thorigny made the structure of the buildings stronger. He also built the main façade of the church in the 12th century. In 1204, the Breton "Guy de Thouars", a friend of the King of France, attacked the mount with an army. He set fire to the village and killed lots of people. However, he had to retreat (leave) under the powerful walls of the abbey. The fire extended to the buildings, and the roofs burnt. Philip Augustus, Thorigny's friend, was unhappy about the cruel actions and the destruction. He offered Abbot Jourdain some money to build a new Gothic-style architectural set. The abbot added the refectory ("dining room") and cloister.

Charles VI added big fortifications to the abbey-mount. He also added building towers and courtyards, and he made the ramparts stronger.

The islet is part of the French commune of Mont-Saint-Michel. It is in the department of Manche, in Normandy. As of 2009, 44 people live there. The nearest large town, with a train station, is Pontorson. Mont-Saint-Michel is part of the Organization of World Heritage Cities.

Mont-Saint-Michel is also the subject of a traditional rivalry between Normans and Bretons. Bretons say that the Couesnon River marks the limit between Normandy and Brittany. It is only because the river has changed its course over the centuries that the mount is on the Norman side. This legend amuses the area's inhabitants. They state that the border is not located on the Couesnon river. They say it is on the mainland, to the west, at the foot of the solid mass of Saint-Brelade.

Up to 20,000 people a day visit the city in July and August. Among the 43 inhabitants (2006), 5 were monks and 7 nuns.


Mont-Saint-Michel has historical links with St Michael's Mount in Cornwall, UK. Edward the Confessor gave it to the Benedictines of Mont-Saint-Michel in the 11th century.

61 buildings of Mont-Saint-Michel are on the list of historical monuments. They were added from 1928 to today.




Spring 1945 offensive in Italy

The Spring 1945 offensive in Italy was given the code name Operation Grapeshot. It was the Allied attack by Fifth United States Army and British 8th Army into the Lombardy Plain. It started on 6 April 1945 and ended on 2 May with the surrender of German forces in Italy.

The Allies had done their previous major attack on the Gothic Line in August 1944. The British 8th Army attacked up the coast of the Adriatic Sea. The U.S. 5th Army attacked through the central Apennine Mountains.

They managed to break through the Gothic Line defences. But they failed to get into the Lombardy Plains before the winter weather stopped them. 
They had a hard time in the cold winter weather. They planned to attack again in the spring.

Harold Alexander was promoted to Field Marshal. He was made the Allied Supreme Commander Mediterranean on 12 December.

On 23 March, Albert Kesselring was appointed Commander-in-Chief Army Group West.
In the spring, the problems of getting troops continued. The 15th Army Group had 1,334,000 men with Eighth Army having 632,980 men and Fifth Army 266,883. Against them were 21 much weaker German divisions and 4 Italian divisions, a total of 25.

Clark made his plan on 18 March. He wanted destroy the maximum number of enemy forces, cross the Po and capture Verona.

The Eighth Army was to go north west to capture Ferrara and Bondeno. The U.S. Fifth Army was to go past Bologna to surround German forces south of the Po. The Fifth Army was to go west towards Ostiglia. Next, the Allies would capture bridge across the Po and go north.

The Fifth Army plan (Operation "Craftsman") aimed to pull German reserves away from Route 65. II Corps would then attack.

In the first week of April, attacks were launched on the right and left of the Allied lines. The goal was to draw German reserves away from the main attacks to come. Axis forces had to use sea, canal and river routes for supply. Axis shipping was being attacked in bombing raids.

The main attack started on 6 April with an artillery bombing of the Senio defenses. On 9 April, 825 heavy bombers dropped bombs near the Senio. From 15:20 to 19:10, artillery was fired. As well, 28 Churchill Crocodiles and 127 Wasp flamethrower vehicles were sent out. By 12 April, the 8th Indian Division was on the far side of the Santerno. The British 78th Division moved to attack Argenta.

The U.S. 5th Army began its attack on 14 April. First, there was a bombing by 2,000 heavy bombers and 2,000 artillery pieces. Then troops attacked. By 20 April both corps had broken through the German defences and reached the Po valley. 10th Mountain Division went north. By 19 April, the British 6th Armoured Division was moving to surround the German armies defending Bologna. Bondeno was captured on 23 April. Bologna was entered on 21 April. U.S. IV Corps reached the river Po at on 22 April. They went north to Verona which they entered on 26 April. British V Corps entered Padua on 29 April. Partisans had captured the German garrison of 5,000.

Secret surrender talks between the Germans and Western Allies were held in Switzerland (Operation Crossword) in March. The Soviets did not like that the Western Allies were trying to arrange a surrender that did not include the Soviets. On 29 April, the Germans surrendered.


Hallasan

Hallasan is one of Korea's three most sacred mountains. It is on Jeju-do, the southernmost island of Republic of Korea (South Korea). It is 1,950m tall. On the top of Hallasan, there is a crater called Baek Rok Dam. It was an active volcano until about 25,000 years ago. It is now dormant. Hallasan is made of basalt, a type of black rock that is produced by volcanoes. It extends east to west. The south side of Hallasan is very steep. The slope of the north side is gentle. The east and south are relatively high but smooth. 

There are seven trails on Hallasan.


Hallasan has subtropical plants, warm-climate plants, and subarctic plants. In spring, there are royal azaleas and yellow rape. There are also maple trees. In winter, the mountain is covered with snow. There are deer, which are the symbol of Hallasan. 

The ever-changing colors of the scenery make people admire the beauty of nature, and this is why Hallasan was selected as a national park on March 24 1970. All of Jeju Volcanic Island was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2007. During the last week in January, there is a snow-flower festival in Hallasan.


Aleqa Hammond

Aleqa Hammond (born 23 September 1965) is a Greenlandic politician. She was the leader of the Siumut party and also the country's first female Prime Minister after her party emerged as the largest in the 2013 elections.

Juan Vicente Torrealba

Juan Vicente Torrealba (20 February 1917 – 2 May 2019) was a Venezuelan harpist and composer of popular music.

Torrealba died at the age of 102 from heart failure on 2 May 2019, aged 102.


Arnoldo Foà

Arnoldo Foà (24 January 1916 – 11 January 2014) was an Italian movie actor. He has appeared in more than 130 movie since 1938. He was born in Ferrara, Italy.

Foà died on the morning of 11 January 2014, 13 days before his 98th birthday, from respiratory failure in his home in Rome, Italy.

Jacque Fresco

Jacque Fresco (March 13, 1916 – May 18, 2017) was an American self-taught structural designer, architectural designer, concept artist, educator, and futurist. Fresco wrote and lectured his views concerning sustainable cities, energy efficiency, natural-resource management, cybernetic technology, advanced automation, and the role of science in society. He was of Jewish descent.

Fresco died at his home in Sebring, Florida from complications of Parkinson's disease on May 18, 2017, aged 101.


Vittorio Emanuele Orlando

Vittorio Emanuele Orlando (May 19, 1860 – December 1, 1952) was an Italian diplomat and political figure. He was born in Palermo, Sicily. His father, a landed gentleman, delayed venturing out to register his son's birth for fear of Giuseppe Garibaldi's 1,000 patriots who had just stormed into Sicily on the first leg of their march to build an Italian nation.


Gabriel Axel

Axel Gabriel Erik Mørch better known as Gabriel Axel (18 April 1918 – 9 February 2014) was a Danish movie director, actor, writer and producer. He is best known for the movie "Babette's Feast" (1987). He wrote and directed this movie. He won an Academy Award for it.

Axel died on 9 February 2014 at the age of 95.

WWE Saturday Morning Slam

WWE Saturday Morning Slam was a professional wrestling show made by the WWE.

During its televised history in the United States it was shown on The CW during its Vortexx Saturday morning block. It was centered around being more family-friendly and targeted towards children. The show ran from August 25, 2012 to May 11, 2013. The show was cancelled because of creative differences between both the WWE and Saban Brands.


Reed College

Reed College is a private liberal arts college in Portland Oregon. Reed was begun in 1908 and had its first classes in 1911. Reed is an undergraduate school. An unusually high number of Reed's students go on to get Ph.D.s after they graduate. Reed is the only private undergraduate school to have a nuclear reactor. 

Tuition at Reed is about $44,200 a year. Reed is secular, meaning the school is not part of a religion. The school does not do very many NCAA sports, and it does not have any fraternities or sororities. 

Reed students are called "Reedies". Students are often called nonconformists. As a joke, some students say the motto of the school is "Communism, Atheism, Free Love". 

Some famous or important people who went to Reed include:

Kevin Thorn

Kevin Matthew Fertig (born January 17, 1977) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for working with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring names, Mordecai and Kevin Thorn.

Under the Mordecai name, he played a religious zealot and under his Kevin Thorn name, he played a vampire character along with his manager Ariel.

In January 2009, he was offered a new contract with WWE, but turned it down. WWE announced that he was released from contract by request on January 9, even though his contract did not end until April 5 which prevented him from wrestling for other promotions.


Big Hero 6 (movie)

Big Hero 6 is an American computer animated superhero buddy comedy movie based on the Marvel Comics superhero comic that has the same name. It was released on November 5, 2014 by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The movie grossed over $651.8 million worldwide making it the , it also won the 87th Oscars for best animated feature.

The movie is about a boy named Hiro. He lives in the city of San Fransokyo (a mixture of Tokyo and San Francisco). He changes himself and his friends into high-tech heroes to protect the city. One of his friends is Baymax, a robot created by Tadashi (Hiro's brother). Baymax's only purpose is to take care of people.

Lost (Frank Ocean song)

"Lost" is a song by Frank Ocean, from his album "Channel Orange". It is about a girl who takes drugs and feels lost. It is an R&B and pop song.

Pyramids (song)

"Pyramids" is a song by Frank Ocean. It is from the album "Channel Orange". The song is about a pimp who falls in love with one of his prostitutes. It is an R&B and electronica song. It is almost 10 minutes long.

Allied invasion of Sicily

The Allied invasion of Sicily, codenamed Operation Husky, was a major battle of World War II in which Allies captured Sicily from the Axis Powers (Italy and Nazi Germany).

The large sea and air operation was followed by six weeks of land fighting and started the Italian Campaign. It was followed by the Allied invasion of Italy.

"Husky" began on the night of 9–10 July 1943 and ended on 17 August. It achieved the goals of the Allies. The Allies removed Axis air, land, and naval forces from the island.

As well, the Mediterranean's sea lanes were opened to the Allies, and the Italian dictator, Benito Mussolini, was briefly removed from power.

The plan for Operation "Husky" called for the sea attack of the island by two armies. One would land on the southeastern coast. Another would land on the central southern coast. The attack would be helped by naval gunfire and bombing, and its commander was US General Dwight D. Eisenhower.

The Allied land forces were from the American, British, and Canadian Armies and were put into two groups. The Eastern Task Force was led by General Bernard Montgomery. The Western Task Force was commanded by Lieutenant General George S. Patton. In addition to the sea landings, airborne troops were to be flown in to capture bridges and high ground.

The Allied naval forces were put into two groups to transport the invading armies.

The island was defended by the two corps of Italian 6th Army under General Alfredo Guzzoni. In early July, the total Axis force in Sicily was about 200,000 Italian and 32,000 German troops, and 30,000 "Luftwaffe" ground staff. By late July, there were 70,000 German troops.

The attack plan was made on 17 May. At the Casablanca Conference in January 1943, American and British political and military leaders met to discuss future plans. The British wanted an invasion of Sicily. General Eisenhower was made Commander-in-Chief of the Allied Forces.

Once the Axis forces had been defeated in the North African Campaign, Allied bombers attacked airfields of Sardinia, Sicily, and the rest of southern Italy. They also bombed industrial targets in southern Italy and the ports of Naples, Messina, Palermo, and Cagliari.

To distract the Axis, the Allies did several trick operations. The most famous was "Operation Mincemeat". The British allowed a corpse, disguised as a British officer carrying a briefcase with fake secret documents, to drift ashore in Spain.

They stated that the Allies were planning to invade Greece and Sardinia and had no plans to invade Sicily. The Germans thought that the documents were real and so they moved many of their defences from Sicily to Greece. That is a major reason for the Allies' success in Sicily.

Two British and two American attacks by airborne forces were carried out on the night of 9–10 July. They wanted to capture the bridge over the River Anape, but strong wind made them land in the wrong places. Airborne troops attacked patrols. A platoon captured the bridge and fought off counterattacks for a few hours.

The strong winds made the sea landings hard. Landings were made on 10 July on 26 main beaches.

By the evening of 10 July, the seven Allied divisions had landed, and the port of Syracuse had been captured.

Alexander's plan was to establish his forces on a line between Licata nd Catania. He wanted to capture ports.

Cleanin' Out My Closet

"Cleanin' Out My Closet" is a song by Eminem from the album "The Eminem Show". It was released on August 3, 2002. The lyrics of the song are about how people protest against his lyrics, his father abandoning his family and his mother's drug use.

In 2013, Eminem released the song "Headlights". In "Headlights", he says that he feels bad for the things he said about his mother and apologized to her. He also said that he didn't like "Cleanin' Out My Closet", refusing to play it at his concerts and cringing when he hears it.

The song was able to make it to #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and is certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).


On My Level

"On My Level" is a song by Wiz Khalifa featuring Too $hort. It is a dark song about partying and smoking. It is from his album "Rolling Papers".

Siege of Odessa (1941)

The Siege of Odessa was a siege battle during World War II. It was part of the Eastern Front area of operations in 1941. It was done by Romanian forces and the German Army's ("Wehrmacht Heer") 11th Army ("11. Armee"). They attacked the city of Odessa in the Soviet Union.

Due to the strong fighting of the 9th Independent Army (initially) and the Separate Coastal Army, and the Black Sea Fleet forces in Odessa, it took the Romanian army 73 days of siege and four attacks to capture the city. They had 93,000 casualties. The Red Army had 41,000 casualties. Some historians say the Red Army had 60,000 casualties.

On 27 July 1941, Hitler sent a letter to General Antonescu asking for Romanian troops.

On 8 August, the Romanians ordered the 4th Army to capture Odessa.
They thought the city would surrender quickly. However, Odessa was a heavily fortified city. It had trenches, anti-tank ditches, pillboxes and other defences.

Overall, the Red Army had some 34,500 men and 240 artillery pieces in the area. Airplanes included two seaplane squadrons and one bomber squadron.

The Romanian 4th Army planned to attack Odessa. The 5th Corps would go north then turn south.

On 9 August, the 4th Dorobanti Regiment defeated the Soviet forces in the Bakalovy area. The 30th Dorobanţi Regiment captured the village of Ponyatovka.

The 1st Armored Division defeated the Soviet forces at Bolschaya Buzhalyk, breaking through Odessa's first line of defense.

The 10th Dorobanţi Regiment beat the Soviet forces at Lozovaya. The 4th Army surrounded Odessa.

On 17 August, Romanian troops capturing Odessa's water reservoirs. The Soviet forces fought hard. There were many losses on both sides.

By 24 August, the Romanians were stopped at the Soviets' main line of defense. The 4th Army already 
had 27,307 casualties, including 5,329 killed.

On 28 August, the Romanians attacked again. They had help from a German assault battalion and ten heavy artillery battalions.

A German force came to help the Romanians. The Soviets also received 15,000 men and ammunition. 
Then the 157th Rifle Division arrived with 12,600 troops. Also, 18 Soviet companies were brought in from Novorossiysk.


19 (album)

19 is the first album by Adele. It was released on 28 January 2008. It went straight to number one in the United Kingdom's record charts. The album was produced by Jim Abbiss, Mark Ronson, and Eg White.



Allied invasion of Italy

The Allied invasion of Italy was the invasion of mainland Italy by the Allies during World War II. The Allies landed on the mainland on 3 September 1943. The invasion followed the successful invasion of Sicily during the Italian Campaign.

The invasion was done by General Harold Alexander's 15th Army Group. This included Lieutenant General Mark Clark's U.S. Fifth Army and General Bernard Montgomery's British Eighth Army.

The main invasion force landed near Salerno on the western coast in "Operation Avalanche". Two other attacks were done in Calabria (Operation Baytown) and Taranto (Operation Slapstick).

Following the defeat of the Axis Powers in North Africa, there was disagreement between the Allies as to what to do next. Winston Churchill wanted to invade Italy.

When they realized that no invasion could be done in 1943, they decided to invade Sicily. The Allied invasion of Sicily in July 1943 was successful. Many of the Axis forces managed to avoid capture and escape to the mainland. Benito Mussolini was removed as head of the Italian government. "Operation Baytown" was the plan in which Eighth Army would land near the tip of Calabria on 3 September 1943. The Allies sent the 504th Parachute Infantry Regiment to airfields near Rome.

The main landings ("Operation Avalanche") were on 9 September. The main force would land near Salerno on the western coast. The "Avalanche" plan was for the Fifth Army to land. On the German side, Albert Kesselring realized he could not stop the Salerno landing.

On 3 September 1943, British Eighth Army's XIII Corps launched "Operation Baytown". Italian troops surrendered. On 4 September, 5 Division reached Bagnara. Progress was slow as blown up bridges, roadblocks and mines delayed Eighth Army. Heinrich von Vietinghoff's 10th Army was ready to attack the Allied landings. On 8 September (before the main invasion), the surrender of Italy to the Allies was announced. Italian troops stopped fighting and the Navy sailed to Allied ports to surrender. The German forces in Italy moved into important defensive positions. "Operation Slapstick" started on 9 September.

"Operation Avalanche" was the main invasion at Salerno by the U.S. 5th Army. It began on 9 September 1943. Major General Rudolf Sieckenius commander of 16th Panzer Division had organised his forces into four groups. By the end of the first day the 5th Army had made a good start. X Corps' two divisions had moved between inland.

For the next three days, the Allies fought to get more beach territory. The Germans defended. By 12 September, X Corps had taken a defensive position. On 13 September, the Germans launched their attack. The Herman Göring battle groups attacked the northern part of the beach. The main attack was between the two Allied Corps. On 15 September 16th Panzer Division and 29th Panzergrenadier Division took up defensive positions. On 15 September, Kesselring said the attack by XIV Panzer Corps must be successful. If this failed, Tenth Army must pull back from the battle.

On 14 September, the Allies advanced. By 16 September 5th, the Infantry Division had reached Sapri. The Germans decided to pull out of the battle. They withdrew on 18/19 September.

The Salerno battle was where the Salerno Mutiny happened. About 500 men of the British X Corps refused to join new units. Eventually the corps commander, McCreery, got about half of the men to follow their orders. The rest were court-martialled.

With the Salerno beach secure, Fifth Army began its attack northwest towards Naples on 19 September.

Our Version of Events

Our Version of Events is the first album by Emeli Sandé. The album was released on 13 February 2012 by Virgin Records. Six singles were released from the album.

San Juan, Argentina

San Juan is the capital city of the San Juan Province in Argentina.

Pablo Ruiz

Pablo Ruiz may refer to:

WWF No Mercy

WWF No Mercy is a professional wrestling video game developed by Asmik Ace Entertainment and AKI Corporation and published by THQ. The game was released on the Nintendo 64. It is named after the yearly World Wrestling Federation (now WWE) pay-per-view event of the same name.

It was released on November 17, 2000 in North America and on December 15, 2000 in Europe. It is a sequel to the 1999 video game, WWF WrestleMania 2000.

IGN rated the game a 9 out of 10 and said "No Mercy is a terrific game from top to bottom. The game mechanics are sound, the animation is fantastic, the characters are very responsive and there's a tremendous amount of game modes.”

GameSpot gave the game a 7.7 out of 10 and stated "If you're still drooling over Wrestlemania 2000, then the roster updates, graphical refinements, bonus secrets, and new modes found in WWF No Mercy should be more than enough to keep you going for another year." 

WWE Day of Reckoning 2

WWE Day of Reckoning 2 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's and published by THQ.

It was released on August 29, 2005 in North America, September 23, 2005 in Europe, October 7, 2005 in Australasia.

IGN rated the game a 8.5 out of 10 saying "The control mechanics, already solidly grapple-heavy and speedy, are made more intuitive still by a strategic synergy between stamina and submission systems, and complemented again by a fun momentum shift. The result is a wrestling game with less button mashing and more strategy."

GameSpot gave the game a 8.1 out of 10 and stated "Though some may be disappointed by the fact that it isn't a huge leap past what Day of Reckoning put forth, fans of the first game are certain to have a great time with the sequel." 

Battle of Gemmano

The Battle of Gemmano was a battle fought between the German and Allied forces in World War II. It was part of the Allies' Operation Olive, the attack in August 1944 on the Gothic Line. This was the German line of defence in the Apennines in northern Italy.

It consisted of a series of four British attacks between 4 September to 15 September 1944. The British attacked the German defences in and around the village of Gemmano. The village was captured on 9 September during the second attack.

Two more attacks were required to capture the surrounding area. Fighting was heavy. The Battle of Gemmano has been called the "Cassino of the Adriatic" by some historians.

WWE Day of Reckoning

WWE Day of Reckoning is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's and published by THQ.

It was released on August 30, 2004 in North America, September 17, 2004 in the PAL region, and on January 13, 2005 in Japan.

IGN rated the game a 8.3 out of 10 saying "The game's intuitive grappling system is still fast and fun, and once you get the hang of counters and reversals you'll really gain an appreciation for the depth hiding underneath the simplified control scheme."

GameSpot gave the game a 8.2 out of 10 and stated "Day of Reckoning is truly the first great WWE game on the GameCube." 

Battle of Garfagnana

The Battle of Garfagnana () was known to the Germans as Operation Winter Storm ("Unternehmen Wintergewitter") and nicknamed the "Christmas Offensive" (Italian: "Offensiva di Natale").

It was an attack of Axis forces on the western sector of the Gothic Line during World War II. It happened in December 1944 in the north Tuscan Apennines, near Massa and Lucca.

In late December 1944 the German 14th Army under General Kurt von Tippelskirch attacked the left side of the U.S. Fifth Army in the Serchio valley. He wanted to make the U.S. forces stay there.

The Allies had ordered two brigades from Indian 8th Infantry Division to be moved to help the U.S. 92nd Infantry Division. By the time they had arrived the Germans and Italians had captured Barga. U.S. soldiers had intended to retreat to Lucca. The German / Italian force stopped the attack and withdrew.

Barga was recaptured one week later by the New Year. The western Gothic Line remained in place until late March 1945.

Benito Mussolini and his Defense Minister, Marshal Rodolfo Graziani, wanted to create an Italian Army. They did not want this army to be under German control. They wanted some of the newly created Italian Divisions to attack the Allies in the Italian peninsula.

They planned an attack in Garfagnana for two of their new Divisions. There would be 40,000 men and airplanes. Their goal was recapturing Lucca, Pisa and Livorno in Tuscany from the Allies. But the Italians lacked arms, tanks and airplanes.

The Germans created their own attack,
With 9,000 soldiers (mostly Italians), they attacked in Garfagnana a small area of the Gothic Line. They wanted to move the Allies back .

Groups from the U.S. 92nd Infantry Division moved near Garfagnana sector in November 1944. They did not
capture Castelnuovo di Garfagnana.

Following the Ardennes Offensive in mid-December, the Allies thought the Axis might try an attack in Northern Italy.
The 19th and 21st Brigades of the Indian 8th Infantry Division were moved to help the U.S. 92nd Infantry Division in front of Lucca.

On 26 December, several RSI military did the "Operation Winter Storm" (Wintergewitter) attacks with three German battalions. This was a German and Italian attack against the American 92nd Infantry Division. A total of 9,100 Axis troops (of which 66% were Italians), with 100 artillery pieces but no tanks attacked. There were 18,000 Allied troops with 140 artillery batteries and 120 tanks.

Their goal was to capture the small towns of Barga, Sommocolonia, Vergemoli, Treppignana, Coreglia, Fornaci di Barga, Promiana, Castelvecchio and Calomini. These were all north-west of Lucca. By 27 December the attack was over. In the morning, the German troops entered Pian di Coreglia.

The next morning, the Axis troops occupied Piano di Coreglia. The Axis troops got more than 25 kilometres inside the Allies lines.

Nadir Afonso

Nadir Afonso, (December 4, 1920 – December 11, 2013) was a Portuguese geometric painter. He painted abstract art. He wanted to be in architecture, which he practiced early in his career with Le Corbusier and Oscar Niemeyer. Afonso later studied painting in Paris and became one of the experts in Kinetic art. He worked alongside Victor Vasarely, Fernand Léger, Auguste Herbin, and André Bloc.


Tirol-Choco

Tirol-Choco () is a type of chocolate made in Japan. It has been made since 2004. Tyrol is an area of Austria. When Tirol-Choco's president visited Austria, he decided to use the name to give his brand a fresh image.

Tirol-Choco is cheap. It costs about 10 yen (10 cents) to 30 yen (30 cents).

Air raid on Bari

The air raid on Bari was an air attack by German bombers on Allied forces and shipping in Bari, Italy. 

It occurred on 2 December 1943 during World War II. In the attack, 105 German Junkers Ju 88 bombers of "Luftflotte" 2 bombed ships from the Allied Italian campaign. They sunk 27 cargo and transport ships and a schooner in Bari harbour.

The attack, which lasted one hour, destroyed the port. Not It was not fixed until February 1944. The attack was called the "Little Pearl Harbor". 

The release of mustard gas from one of the cargo ships added to the deaths. The British and American governments hid the news about mustard gas and its effects on victims.

In 1943, during the Italian campaign, the port of Bari in southern Italy was important for Allied forces. Ammunition, supplies, and provisions were unloaded from ships at the port, then moved to Allied forces. 

Bari did not have good air defences. No RAF fighters were based there. There was not good anti-aircraft defences.

The Allies did not think the Germans could bomb Bari. They thought that the "Luftwaffe" in Italy could not do a major attack. 

German air raids by KG 54 had bombed the Naples port area four times in the previous month.

Thirty ships of American, British, Polish, Norwegian and Dutch registry were in Bari Harbour on 2 December. The port was lit on the night of the raid to help the unloading of supplies.
On the afternoon of 2 December, a "Luftwaffe" pilot flew over Bari. His report made Albert Kesselring order the raid. 

The Germans thought that destroying the port might slow the advance of the British Eighth Army. Only 105 Ju 88 bombers were available.

The attack started at 19:25, when two or three German aircraft circled the harbour at . They dropped "Düppel" (foil strips) to confuse Allied radar. 

The German bomber force surprised the Allies. They bombed the harbour and its ships and many of the bombs hit targets. Two ammunition ships were bombed. A petrol pipeline was cut and the fuel caught fire. The fire spread to many of the ships.

Twenty-eight merchant ships with more than of cargo were sunk or destroyed. Twelve more ships were damaged. The port was closed for three weeks. It was reopened in February 1944. 

One of the destroyed vessels—the U.S. Liberty ship "John Harvey"—had been carrying a secret cargo of 2000 M47A1 mustard gas bombs. Each held of the chemical. According to Royal Navy historian Stephen Roskill, the Mustard Gas had been sent to Europe to use if Germany used chemical warfare in Italy. 

The destruction of "John Harvey" caused liquid sulfur mustard from the bombs to spill into waters. The many sailors who had jumped into the water became covered with the chemical. 

Within a day, symptoms of mustard poisoning had appeared in 628 patients and medical staff. Symptoms included blindness and chemical burns. 

Hundreds of Italian civilians also seeking treatment, who had been poisoned by sulfur mustard gas. By the end of the month, 83 of the 628 hospitalized military victims had died. 

The Allies tried to hide the disaster. 
There were too many witnesses to keep the secret. In February 1944, the U.S. admitted to the accident. They said they did not plan to use chemical weapons unless Germany used them first.

Renée Asherson

Dorothy Renée Ascherson (19 May 1915 – 30 October 2014), known professionally as Renée Asherson, was an English actress. Much of her theatrical career was spent in Shakespearean plays, appearing at such venues as the Old Vic, the Liverpool Playhouse, and the Westminster Theatre. Her first stage appearance was on 17 October 1935, aged 20, and her first major film appearance was in "The Way Ahead" (1944). Her last film appearance was in "The Others" (2001).

Her first stage appearance was in 1935. Her first feature movie was the 1944 movie "The Way Ahead". Her most recent motion picture was in 2001's "The Others".

Asherson was married to fellow actor Robert Donat from 1953 until his death in 1958. His severe asthma led to their separation, although a reconciliation had seemed possible just before the end of his life. Although Donat had three children from his previous marriage, they had no children together.

She never remarried. She died on 30 October 2014, aged 99. Among her surviving relatives is her nephew, the journalist Neal Ascherson.

John Dobson

John Lowry Dobson (September 14, 1915 – January 15, 2014) was an American astronomer. He known for creating a design for a popular Newtonian telescope, named after him, the Dobsonian telescope.

Dobson died at Burbank, California on January 15, 2014. He was 98.


Danuta Szaflarska

Danuta Szaflarska (6 February 1915 in Kosarzyska, Piwniczna-Zdrój, Poland – 19 February 2017 in Warsaw) was a Polish movie and stage actress. She is sometimes called the legend of Polish cinema. In 2008, she was awarded the Złota Kaczka for the best Polish actress of the century.

Nasi goreng

Nasi goreng is a traditional dish from Indonesia, a place in South East Asia. It is a style of fried rice. The name is Malay; "nasi" means "rice" and "goreng" means "fried or to fry". It is also popular for late-night supper sold from street vendors. It can be found almost anywhere in Indonesia. It is also popular in Malaysia and Singapore.

In 2011, CNN International announced that nasi goreng is the number two of their "World's 50 Most Delicious Foods" list.

There is no single recipe for nasi goreng, as there are various types. The basic ingredients generally include: cooked rice, "kecap manis" (sweet soy sauce), salt, garlic, chilli pepper, fried onions, carrot, egg and chicken. Slices of cucumber, tomato, and lettuce are included for garnishing. Eggs can be either mixed into fried rice in the beginning as scrambled eggs or served separately as fried eggs. In general, "acar" – pickle made from vinegar preserved cucumber, carrot, shallots, and small chilli pepper – and "krupuk" – deep fried prawn crackers – are provided as side dishs.

The flavor of nasi goreng can vary depending on the region. There are some variations, such as "nasi goreng Bali" which is cooked in Bali; "nasi goreng seafood" which includes shrimp, fish and squid, or "nasi goreng satay" which includes "satay" (seasoned and grilled skewered meat chunks with peanut sauce). When cooking it, one may put anything that can harmonize with the taste.

Even though any ingredient can be added in nasi goreng, what cannot be taken out is the "kecap manis". "Kecap manis" is very crucial in the dish which gives the flavor to the nasi goreng. It is what makes the taste of nasi goreng different from other Asian styles of fried rice. Other sauces such as "ikan asin" (salted dried fish) and "saus tiram" (oyster sauce) can be added as well. The spiciness of nasi goreng is decided by the amount of "sambal" (chilli sauce). The sambal can be added during the cooking process or added individually while eating, depending on the preference.

Patricia Morison

Patricia Morison (born Eileen Patricia Augusta Fraser Morison; March 19, 1915 – May 20, 2018) was an American actress and singer. She was known for her role as the lead in the original production of Cole Porter's "Kiss Me, Kate". 

Morison died on May 20, 2018 in Los Angeles at the age of 103.


Mohammed Burhanuddin

Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin () (Abul-Qaid Johar Mohammed Burhanuddin) (6 March 1915 – 17 January 2014) was an Indian Islamic religious leader. He is the 52nd Dai of the Dawoodi Bohras. The Dawoodi Bohras are a sub group within the Mustaali, Ismaili Shia branch of Islam.

Burhanuddin died on 17 January 2014 at the age of 98 due to a heart attack in Mumbai.

John Freeman (British politician)

Major John Freeman (19 February 1915 – 20 December 2014) was a British politician, diplomat and broadcaster. He was the Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Watford from 1945 to 1955. 

Following the death of Morgan Morgan-Giles on 4 May 2013, Freeman was the oldest surviving former MP. He was the last survivor of those elected to Parliament in 1945, and the former MP with the earliest date of first election.

Freeman died on 20 December 2014 in London, aged 99.


Choco pie

A choco pie is a small cake made up of two small round layers of cake with marshmallow filling and a chocolate covering.

The origin of Choco Pie goes back to 1917 in the American South. Chattanooga Bakery in Chattanooga, Tennessee created the Moon pie with Graham crackers and marshmallow filling which is similar to the Choco Pie of nowadays.

Tongyang R&D, the snack company of South Korea, began selling a similar type of chocolate cake with marshmallow filling named 'Orion Choco Pie' in 1974. A member of the company was inspired by a chocolate-coated cake in a restaurant in a hotel in the U.S. state of Georgia on a business trip. After he got back to Korea, he made many experiment to make that kind of chocolate cake. Finally, he created the Choco Pie as it is known to Koreans now. Later, Tongyang R&D changed its name to Orion Confectionery because of the success of 'Orion Choco Pie'. In addition, similar versions of Choco Pie were produced by Lotte Confectionary and Crown Confectionery.

From the 2000s, Orion Choco Pie has been exported all over the world. A third of Orion’s profits is from outside Korea. Orion has four major share markets- South Korea, China, Vietnam, and Russia. Also it is exported to North Korea, and it is sometimes used as bonuses for North Korean workers.

Although Orion firstly began to produce 'Choco Pie', Lotte Confectionary also named its product with the same name 'Choco Pie'. Orion filed a lawsuit claiming ‘Choco Pie’ is its property, but it failed. The court had them allow 'Choco Pie' as a common noun. So there are three types of 'Choco Pie' from different companies, Orion, Lotte, and Crown.

WWE All Stars

WWE All-Stars is a professional wrestling video game developed by THQ San Diego and published by THQ.

It was released on March 29, 2011 in North America, March 31, 2011 in Europe, April 1, 2011 in Europe, May 3, 2011 in Korea, and August 11, 2011 in Japan. It was released for the Nintendo 3DS on November 22, 2011 in North America and on November 25, 2011 in Europe.

It was announced by THQ along with WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 at E3 2010.

As of April 28, 2013, the online multiplayer servers are shut down.

IGN rated the game a 7 out of 10

GameSpot gave the game a 6 out of 10 and stated "Weak sound effects hamstring the beefed-up action of WWE All Stars, though there is still some entertainment to be had here."

The game was nominated in the "Best Fighting Game" category at the 2011 Spike Video Game Awards.

Robert Evans

Robert Evans (June 29, 1930 – October 26, 2019) was an American movie producer and studio executive. He was best known for his work on "Rosemary's Baby", "Love Story", "The Godfather", and "Chinatown".

Evans died on October 26, 2019 at his home in Beverly Hills, California from stroke-related problems at the age of 89.


Nguyen Ngoc Tho

Nguyễn Ngọc Thơ (26 May 1908 – 1976) was a Vietnamese politician. He was the first Prime Minister of South Vietnam, serving from November 1963 to late January 1964.


Ronald Hunter

Ronald Lee "Ron" Hunter ( – December 3, 2013) was an American actor. He appeared in many movies and television shows. He is known for appearing on "The Big Bang Theory" and "Law & Order".

Ronald Hunter died of heart and kidney failure on December 3, 2013, aged 70, at the Woodland Hills Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. He was survived by his three children, two grandchildren, and sister.

Mansions of the Lord

"Mansions of the Lord" is a hymn. The words are written by Randall Wallace. It is set to music by Nick Glennie-Smith. It was originally written for the 2002 movie "We Were Soldiers". The hymn was also used for Ronald Reagan's funeral. It is about mothers and children losing their loved ones, serving in war, in battle.

To fallen soldiers let us singWhere no rockets fly nor bullets wingOur broken brothers let us bringTo the Mansions of the Lord

No more bleeding, no more fightNo prayers pleading through the nightJust divine embrace, Eternal lightIn the Mansions of the Lord

Where no mothers cry and no children weepWe will stand and guard though the angels sleepAll through the ages safely keepThe Mansions of the Lord


Santa Fe University of Art and Design

The Santa Fe University of Art and Design (sometimes called SFUAD) is a private 4-year university in Santa Fe, New Mexico. It was founded in 1859 with the name St. Michael's College. The government gave it a charter for higher education in 1874. This meant that the college had the right to give degrees. In 1966 it was renamed College of Santa Fe. In 2010 it was renamed again to Santa Fe University of Art and Design.

The school has a large movie studio where many movies have been made. In 2013 tuition was $27,996 a year.

Hastings Banda

Hastings Kamuzu Banda (15 February 1898 or 14 May 1898 – 25 November 1997), was the leader of Malawi from 1961 to 1994.

Banda attended school in the United States. In 1928 he graduated from the school that is now Central State University in Ohio. Next he attended Indiana University as a premedical student. After four semesters he transferred to the University of Chicago. He graduated in 1931. Banda then studied medicine at Meharry Medical College in Tennessee.

Banda was required to get a second medical degree in order to practice medicine in the British Empire. He attended the University of Edinburgh. Between 1941 and 1945, he worked as a doctor in North Shields.

In 1946 he represented the Nyasaland African Congress at the fifth Pan African Congress in Manchester. He began to take more interest in home country.

Banda was against the efforts of Sir Roy Welensky. Welensky wanted to form a federation between Southern and Northern Rhodesia with Nyasaland (Malawi).

In 1951 he moved to the Gold Coast in West Africa. Banda finally returned to Nyasaland on 6 July 1958. In August he was named as the leader of the Congress. He spoke against colonialism and for independence. In 1963, he was formally made Nyasaland’s prime minister. On 6 July 1964, Nyasaland became the independent Commonwealth of Malawi. When he swept to power as the first President of Malawi in 1966 he called himself "Ngwazi", which means conqueror, and after a few years declared himself "Life President".

Malawi became a one-party state under the Malawi Congress Party (MCP). In 1970, the MCP made him the party’s President for Life. In 1971, he became President for Life of Malawi itself.

Southern Alps

The Southern Alps is a mountain range in New Zealand. The mountain range runs along the entire length of the South Island.

The tallest peak of the Southern Alps is Aoraki / Mount Cook which stands at 3,754 metres (12,316 ft). The mountain range was named on March 23, 1770 by Captain James Cook. He described the Southern Alps as being very high.

SM Entertainment

SM Entertainment is a record label and talent agency in South Korea. It is one of the main entertainment businesses in Korea. It was founded by Lee Su-man, a former singer. It was originally focused solely on entertainment management. Since then, however, they have expanded their business interests to establishing subsidiary companies and incorporating affiliates. They have foreign subsidiaries, such as SM Japan, Asia and USA.

Known for their dedication to quality of talent, SM has produced many hit groups and solo artists since 1996. The first debut under the label was the boy group H.O.T. in 1996, followed by girl group S.E.S. in 1997. Being an influential contributor to the "First generation of K-pop", SM continued to produce hit artists such as Shinhwa in 1998, Fly to the Sky in 1999, soloist Boa in 2000 andTVXQ in 2004. A rising popularity of K-pop in the West saw further debuts become vastly successful like Super Junior in 2005, Girls' Generation in 2007, Shinee in 2008, f(x) in 2009 and EXO in 2012. The newest groups from SM are Red Velvet debuted in 2014, JADE in January 2016, NCT in April 2016, WayV (a China based subunit of NCT) in 2018 and Aespa in 2020.




Sub-units

Project groups

Pianists


SM Entertainment was established in 1995 with initial capital of 50 million won. In 2000, their shares were registered on the KOSDAQ market. Moreover, SM formed a music investment fund with about 10 billion won in 2001. This was the first of its kind in Korea. SM Entertainment's revenues grew 53% in 2011 compared to the year before. The company recorded 1686 billion won. The largest shareholder is Lee Su-man, who owns 21.50% of SM The affiliates of SM Entertainment includes SM Culture and Contents, SM Entertainment Japan Inc., Starlight, Galgali Family Entertainment, Dream Maker Entertainment Limited, SM Amusement, SM F&B Development, M Studio City, SM Brandmarketing, SM Entertainment USA Inc., and SM Krage.

Lee Si-yeon

Lee Si-yeon (, born July 24, 1980, is a South Korean model and actress. Lee Si-yeon is transgender, meaning she was raised as a boy but later decided to live as a woman.

Lee's birth name was Lee Dae-hak (). She changed it to Lee Si-yeon when she did "gender transition" to live as a woman. In 2007, Lee decided to use sexual reassignment surgery to change her body to be more like other women's bodies and less like men's bodies. Her uncle is Seo Jae-hyok, a member of the South Korean musical band Buhwal.

In 1999, Lee participated in the Anti-Miss Korea competition.(안티 미스코리아 대회) In 2010 she did her first performance as a singer.


Bob Backlund

Robert Lee "Bob" Backlund (born August 14, 1949) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for working for the World Wide Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Federation from 1977 to 1984. He is known for holding the record for the second longest reign as WWE Champion in history which is ahead of Hulk Hogan's first reign and behind Bruno Sammartino's first. Signature move known as the cross face chicken wing was said to be inescapable once fully applied.

Before becoming a professional wrestler, Backlund started as an accomplished amateur wrestler and wrestled for the North Dakota State University Bison during the late 1960s to early 1970s. He also ran for a Connecticut seat in Congress on a Republican ticket in 2000 but was unsuccessful. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Maria Menounos on April 6, 2013.












Michael (archangel)

Michael is an archangel in Jewish, Christian, and Islamic teachings. Roman Catholics, the Eastern Orthodox, Anglicans, and Lutherans call him "Saint Michael the Archangel" or simply "Saint Michael". Orthodox Christians call him the "Taxiarch Archangel Michael" or simply "Archangel Michael".

In english, "Michael" means "who is like God?". The Book of Daniel speaks of Michael three times. One time, it says he is a "great prince who stands up for the children of your people". Jews saw Michael as their supporter. They are normally not allowed to appeal to angels as a link between God and his people. However, Michael became important in Jewish liturgy.

In the New Testament Michael leads God's armies against Satan's forces in the Book of Revelation. During the war in heaven he defeats ("wins against") Satan. In the Epistle of Jude Michael is called "the archangel Michael". Christian sanctuaries to Michael appeared in the 4th century. He was first seen as a healing angel. Later, Christians saw him as a protector ("someone who defends and helps") and the leader of the army of God against the forces of evil. By the 6th century, devotions to Archangel Michael were common both in the Eastern and Western Churches. Over time, teachings on Michael began to change among Christians.

Harisu

Harisu (, born February 17, 1975) is a South Korean model, actor, and entertainer. Harisu (or Ha Ri-soo) is her stage name. Her real name is Lee Kyung-eun ().

She was born male, as Lee Kyung-yeop (). She had a sex change operation in Japan in 1999. She is South Korea's first transgender entertainer.

On May 19, 2007, Harisu married Micky Chung, a Korean singer.



Couesnon

The Couesnon River () is a river. It starts in the "département" of Mayenne in north-western France. It forms an estuary at Mont-Saint-Michel. Its last stretch is the border between the historical duchies of Normandy and Brittany. In the past, its course changed often between two beds. They are on the north and south of the Mont Saint-Michel. In the end, it settled to the south bed. This created ("made") the saying "The Couesnon's madness placed Mont Saint-Michel in Normandy" ("in french", ""le couesnon en sa folie mit le Mont en Normandie""), as the mount is just to the Norman side of the river's mouth, now. However, the administrative boundary which separates the two regions does not depend on the course of the river. The border is about six kilometres west of the mount.

The Couesnon, the Sée and the Sélune form part of the complex water system of the bay of Mont Saint-Michel. On one side, the tide brings lots of sediment. This causes large sandbars within the river. On the other side, the three rivers bring the sediment back to sea.

In the 20th century, the Couesnon was made into a canal. This to reduced the erosion of its banks. In 1969, a dam was built. These changes, and the causeway linking Mont Saint-Michel to the mainland, have made mudflats. The French built a bridge to replace the causeway. It was finished in 2013. This helped to remove the silt.

During spring tides, a tidal bore — a wave caused by the tide rising — can be seen going up the river.

The Couesnon flows through the following departments and towns:

In the summer, the water flow is typically in the range of . The pH has been measured at 8.26 (Hogan, 2006). The temperature of the water is 19 degrees Celsius in summer, in the area of the mouth. Water turbidity is moderate with a Secchi disc reading of 14 centimetres. Electrical conductivity at the mouth is high.



Samoa Joe

Nuufolau Joel "Joe" Seanoa (born March 17, 1979) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and is the current AEW World Champion. He also wrestles in their sister company, Ring of Honor (ROH) under the ring name, Samoa Joe. Joe has also worked for the WWE on the Raw brand .

He also wrestled for Ring of Honor (ROH) 2002 to 2007. During his time in ROH, he held the ROH World Championship for a record 21 months.

During his time in AEW, Joe has been a one-time AEW World Champion and a two-time AEW TNT Champion.

At New Year's Smash, Joe was supposed to team with MJF to defend the ROH World Tag Team Championships in place of an injured Adam Cole. Before the match, it would appear that Joe was attacked by The Devil's Masked Men backstage. MJF would fight The Devil's Masked Men in a 2-on-1 Handicap match but would lose the match and the titles. It was then revealed that Joe faked the attack and then attacked MJF after the match. At Worlds End, Samoa Joe would defeat MJF to become the new AEW World Champion.

















Avranches

Avranches is a commune in the Manche department. It is in the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France. It is a subprefecture of the department. The inhabitants are called "Avranchinais".

Avranches is at the south of the Cotentin Peninsula.

The town was built on high ground. It overlooks the dunes and coastal marshes along the bay. From Avranches, it is possible to see the Mont-Saint-Michel.



Schwarzschild radius

The Schwarzschild radius (sometimes erroneously referred to as the gravitational radius), is the radius of a sphere that has certain properties: if all the mass of an object is compressed within this sphere, the escape speed from the surface of the sphere would equal the speed of light. An example of an object smaller than its Schwarzschild radius is a black hole. Once a stellar remnant collapses below this radius, light can no longer escape and the object is no longer visible. It is a characteristic radius associated with every quantity of mass. The "Schwarzschild radius" was named after the German astronomer Karl Schwarzschild who calculated this exact solution for the theory of general relativity in 1916. 

This radius can be calculated using the equation:

formula_1

where the gravitational constant G is N⋅m/kg, M is the mass of the object, and c is the speed of light which is 299,792,458 m/s.

The Schwarzschild radius is found within the Schwarzschild metric, and originally was used to describe the gravitational field around a black hole, given the assumptions that it is spherical, non-rotating, without a magnetic field, and that the cosmological constant is zero; (it describes the path of a particle moving through this spacetime) however, this radius can be calculated for any object.

Hong Seok-cheon

Hong Seok-cheon (, born February 3, 1971) is a South Korean model and movie actor. In 1994, he was a reporter of KBS broadcast.

in 1994, he was a repoter of KBS broadcast, next years he was enter a 1995 student's gag contest, prize third-class and debut actor. In September 2000, he was public coming out, that times he was more broadcasters and drama, film casting.

so assault of more Koeran mass communication, but in 2002, he was comebacks success.



Amygdala

The amygdala is an almond-shaped group of neurons. These groups of neurons in the brain are called "nuclei". 

The word amygdala comes from from the Greek word for almond. The group of neurons is positioned in the temporal lobe of the brain. The amygdala is divided into three different groups: the "basolateral nuclei", the "corticomedial nuclei", and the "central nucleus". The amygdala is related to the processing of emotions, especially fear. It is connected to many other parts of the brain, including the hippocampus and cingulate gyrus. Information from the sensory systems is also fed into the amygdala. This information is fed mostly to the basolateral nuclei of the amygdala.

Pokémon Rumble

Pokémon Rumble is a "Pokémon" video game for the Wii. It was released for the Wii's WiiWare service. It is a spin-off game in the "Pokémon" series. It was released in Japan on June 16, 2009, in North America on November 16, 2009, and in Europe on November 20, 2009.

The player controls Pokémon, battling other Pokémon in a series of dungeons and closed arenas. The player starts off with a low-level Pokémon that has only one attack. As the player battles other Pokémon, the player can collect coins which can be used to buy new attacks and get new Pokémon. When the player gets a Pokémon of a high enough level, the Battle Royale room opens, where the player battles many Pokémon at a time in a closed arena. The player has to beat all of the Pokémon to get a higher rank. As the player gets higher ranks, they can battle stronger Pokémon, including Legendary Pokémon.

The player controls the game by holding the Wii Remote sideways. Up to four players can play the game at once. There is a password system which allows the player to get certain Pokémon.

Two sequels to the game have been released: "Pokémon Rumble Blast", which was released for the Nintendo 3DS on August 11, 2011, and "Pokémon Rumble U", which was released for the Wii U in 2013.


University of al-Karaouine

The University of al-Karaouine (or al-Qarawiyyin, ) is a university in Fes, Morocco. The mosque was founded by Fatima al-Fihri in 859. It had a school, or madrasa, that taught students about Islam. It later became one of the most important centres of learning in the Muslim world. It was made a part of Morocco's modern university system in 1963. It is the continually operating school in the world. It is sometimes also called the oldest university

Battle of Troina

The Battle of Troina was a battle that happened between 31 July and 6 August 1943. It was part of the Allied invasion of Sicily during World War II. Forces of the United States II Corps, part of the U.S. Seventh Army, had violent battles around the town of Troina. It is in the central portion of Sicily along the Caronie Mountains.

The battle was in the hills and mountains surrounding Troina. The Germans had fortified positions. They hid in these positions and fired weapons at the Allies

On 29 July 1943, after 20 days of fighting in Sicily, the Germans realized that the Allies would capture Sicily. The Germans also realized that 80,000-100,000 American and British troops would break through the Etna Line.

The U.S. 7th Army commander, Lieutenant General George S. Patton Jr, had ordered the U.S. 1st and 9th Infantry Divisions to attack the city of Troina. Troina was one of the main parts of the Etna Line. It was defended by the 15th Panzer Grenadier Division commanded by Generalleutnant Eberhard Rodt.

It was also defended by four battalions of General di Divisione Giacomo Romano's 28 Infantry Division Aosta. The Axis forces were in deep trenches.

The Battle of Troina began on 31 July, when the 39th Infantry Regiment advanced towards the Germans. The Germans fought off the attack. The Allies planned a bigger attack. The 1st Infantry Division was put with troops from the 9th Division and a French Moroccan infantry battalion. The Allies used 165 artillery pieces and Allied aircraft.

Over six days, the important hilltops were captured by the Allies, then recaptured by the Axis troops. The 26th Infantry Regiment was ordered to capture Monte Basilio two miles north of the town. From here, the regiment could stop the Axis troops from retreating. For the next two days the men on Monte Basilio had to hide from Axis artillery fire.

The Germans left Troina later that night. General Hube withdrew the damaged 15th Panzer Grenadier Division to Randazzo.

The Allies had broken through the Etna Line. But the roads were filled with mines, so it was hard for the Allies to advance. General Hube withdrew his XIV Panzer Corps toward Messina.

Patton tried to attack the 29th Panzer Grenadier Division again on 11 August. He ordered Colonel Bernard to land his troops by sea at Brolo. Bernard's men surprised the Germans. However, Bernard did not have enough troops to beat the Germans. Most of the 29th Panzer Grenadier Division escaped.

Joe Jackson

Joseph Walter "Joe" Jackson (July 26, 1928 – June 27, 2018) was an American talent manager. He was the father of the Jackson family of musicians. His most famous son was Michael Jackson. His most famous daughter was Janet Jackson. 

Joseph Walter Jackson was born in Fountain Hill, Arkansas. He was the eldest son and child of Samuel Jackson (1893-1993), a schoolteacher, and Crystal Lee King (1907-1999). Samuel was the son of Israel Nero Jackson (1838-1934), a slave. Israel was the son of Jack July Jackson (1803-1908), an indigenous choctaw of the Plantation of Gale. He was raised in East Chicago, Indiana and in Gary, Indiana. Jackson married Katherine Jackson in 1949.

In 1963, Jackie, Tito and Jermaine started a band called The Jackson Brothers. Joe was their manager. The band changed their name to The Jackson 5 and they became su
Michael fired Jackson as his manager in 1979. The rest of the brothers did the same in 1983. In 2002, Jackson was given a place in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for being the Best Entertainment Manager of All Time.

In 2003, Joe told Louis Theroux that he whipped Michael when he was a child. Michael Jackson died in 2009. He did not put Joe in his will.

In November 2012, he had a stroke.

Jackson told Piers Morgan in 2013 that "There's no such thing as beating a kid".

Ten children were born to Katherine and Joe Jackson.

Jackson also has a daughter with Cheryl Terrell. Terrell is a woman that Jackson had an affair with for 25 years. The daughter, Johvonnie, was born 1974.

In July 2015, Jackson was rushed into hospital after suffering a stroke and heart arrhythmia while celebrating his birthday in Brazil. The stroke reportedly left him temporarily blind.

On June 23, 2018, it was reported that Jackson was hospitalized in Las Vegas in the final stages of terminal pancreatic cancer. He died of the disease on June 27 at the age of 89.


Battle of Cisterna

The Battle of Cisterna was a battle during World War II. It happened on 30 January-2 February 1944 near Cisterna, Italy. It was part of the battle of Anzio that followed Operation Shingle.

The battle was a clear German victory. It really affected the US Rangers.
During this battle, many US Ranger groups were ordered to support an attack by the 3rd Infantry Division on Cisterna. The 3rd Infantry Division had tried to capture Cisterna on 25–27 January.

The 3rd Division's attack was part of a large attack by the U.S. VI Corps to move out of the Anzio beach. The US VI Corps wanted to get off the Anzio beaches before new German troops could arrive and attack.

On 22 January 1944, the Allies launched Operation Shingle. This was a sea landing of 
U.S. and British troops near Anzio and Nettuno. They wanted to attack the German Gustav Line defences to the southeast.

The Allies had been attacking from the south since 16 January in the first Battle of Monte Cassino. Following the landings, the Allies built up their forces on the beach. This also gave the Germans to strengthen their defensive positions. By 29 January, there were 69,000 men in the beach. The Germans had 71,500 troops to stop them.

On 30 January, the Allies attacked, going northeast toward Campoleone and the Alban Hills. A Ranger force tried to sneak into Cisterna.

The Rangers expected to encounter few German troops. In fact, they were moving towards a large enemy force.

The Rangers had had many dead and wounded. New troops sent to replace the dead and wounded did not have experience or much training.

Many Ranger troops and the 3rd Battalion, 15th Infantry tried to sneak behind German lines into the town of Cisterna. They wanted to attack and capture the town until the main attack came.

As the two battalions tried to sneak into German territory, they were attacked by strong German forces. They included the 715th Motorized Infantry Division and Herman Göring Panzer Division, including seventeen German Panzer IV tanks.

The 1st Battalion commander—Major Dobson—attacked one tank by shooting the commander with his pistol, and dropping a white phosphorus grenade into the tank. Two other tanks were captured by Rangers.

In the end, the Germans won. About 803 Allied troops did not return. About 400 Rangers became POWs. The Germans also had many losses.

The main attack tried to rescue the trapped battalions. The Allies captured some territory, but they could not get past the Germans and capture Cisterna. Cisterna remained held by the German until May 1944.

German attacks on 1–2 February did not recapture any of the ground from the Allies. The Germans had heavy losses in these attacks.

Using the lightly armed Rangers to lead the attack was criticized. The weakened Ranger forces within Italy stopped operating. Ranger units continued to fight in northern Europe (leading D-Day) and in the Pacific War.


Battle of Wake Island

The Battle of Wake Island was a battle during World War II. It began at the same time as the Attack on Pearl Harbor. It ended on 23 December 1941, with the surrender of the American forces to the Empire of Japan.

It was fought on and around the atoll formed by Wake Island. It was fought by the air, land and naval forces of the Empire of Japan against those of the U.S., with Marines playing an important role on both sides.

The island was held by the Japanese for the rest of the Pacific War. The Japanese troops on the island surrendered to United States Marines on September 4, 1945.

In January 1941, the United States Navy built a military base on the atoll. On 19 August, the first troops were sent there. They were from the 1st Marine Defense Battalion. There were 450 officers and men. They were led by Major James P.S. Devereux. Also on the island were 68 U.S. Navy staff and about 1,221 civilian workers.

The Marines were armed with six 5 in (127mm)/51 cal pieces. These came from the battleship . There were also twelve /50 cal anti-aircraft guns, eighteen Browning heavy machine guns, and thirty M1917 Browning machine guns.

On 8 December, just hours after the attack on Pearl Harbor, Japanese Mitsubishi G3M3 bombers attacked Wake Island. They destroyed 8 of the 12 F4F-3 Wildcat fighter aircraft belonging to Marine Corps fighter squadron VMF-211.

Early on the morning of 11 December, the troops, with the four remaining Wildcats, stopped the first Japanese landing attempt.

The U.S. Marines fired at the Japanese ships with their six 5 in 127mm coastal artillery guns. They sunk "Hayate" at a distance of . "Yubari" was hit 11 times. The four Wildcats sunk another destroyer, "Kisaragi", by dropping a bomb on her stern.

The Japanese force pulled back before landing. This was the first Japanese defeat of the war.

Japanese air attacks on the Wake troops continued, without new supplies for the Americans. The Japanese Navy sent two aircraft carriers ( and ) to support the second landing attempt.

The attempt to help Wake Island was led by Admiral Frank Fletcher's Task Force 11 (TF 11) and supported Admiral Wilson Brown’s TF 14. The carrier , the fleet oiler , the seaplane tender , the heavy cruisers , , and , and 10 destroyers were sent to Wake.

The convoy carried the 4th Marine Defense Battalion and the VMF-221 fighter squadron. They had Brewster F2A-3 Buffalo fighters. They had 9,000 5 in (127mm) rounds, 12,000 rounds, and 3,000,000 rounds. They also had a large amount of ammunition for mortars.

TF 14—with the fleet carrier , three heavy cruisers, eight destroyers, and an oiler—was sent to attack the Marshall Islands. The goal was to take Japanese attention away from Wake Island.

At 21:00 on 22 December, after learning that two IJN carriers were near Wake Island, TF 11 was ordered to return to Pearl Harbor. The US were afraid that the US would lose ships

The second Japanese invasion force came on 23 December. It was mostly the same ships from the first attempt plus the carriers "Hiryu" and "Soryu", and 1,500 Japanese marines. The landings began at 02:35 after a preliminary bombing.

After a full night and morning of fighting, the Wake troops surrendered to the Japanese.

The U.S. Marines lost 47 killed during the 15-day battle. Japanese losses were recorded at between 700 and 900 killed, with at least 300 more wounded. Two destroyers were lost in the first invasion attempt and 28 aircraft were shot down or damaged.

The Japanese built strong defences on Wake Island. The American captives were forced to build bunkers and fortifications on Wake. The Japanese brought in an 8-inch (200 mm) naval artillery gun.

The U.S. Navy used submarines to prevent any Japanese ships from getting to Wake. The Japanese troops starved. On 24 February 1942, aircraft from the carrier attacked the Japanese troops on Wake Island.

U.S. forces bombed the island from 1942 until Japan’s surrender in 1945. On 24 July 1943, B-24 Liberators bombed Wake Island.

On 5 October 1943, American naval aircraft from raided Wake. Two days later, Rear Admiral Shigematsu Sakaibara ordered the execution of the 98 captured American workers. They were blindfolded and executed with a machine gun.

On 4 September 1945, the remaining Japanese troops surrendered to a U.S. Marines.

Admiral Sakaibara and Lieutenant-Commander Tachibana were sentenced to death for the massacre.

Barbara Branden

Barbara Branden (born Barbara Weidman, 14 May 1929 – 11 December 2013) was a Canadian writer, editor, and lecturer. She was known for her relationship and subsequent break with novelist-philosopher Ayn Rand.

Jang Sung-taek

Jang Sung-taek (alternatively Jang Song Thaek or Chang Sung-taek; 2 February 1946 - 13 December 2013) was a leading figure in the government of North Korea. He was married to Kim Kyong-hui, aunt of Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea.

On 13 December, North Korean state media announced he had been executed.


Atifete Jahjaga

Atifete Jahjaga (born 20 April 1975) is the fourth President of Kosovo. She was the first female President of the Republic of Kosovo.


Battle of Guam (1944)

The Second Battle of Guam (July 21 — August 10, 1944) was the capture of Guam by the United States from Japanese control. Guam was a U.S. territory (in the Mariana Islands). The battle was during the Pacific campaign of World War II.

Guam is the largest island of the Marianas. It is 30 miles (48 km) long and 9 miles (14 km) wide. It had been a United States island since its capture from Spain in 1898.

It was captured by the Japanese on December 10, 1941. This was after the Attack on Pearl Harbor. It was not as fortified as the other Mariana Islands, such as Saipan.

The Allied plan for the invasion of the Marianas was for heavy bombing by planes and then bombing by battleships.

Guam was chosen as a target because it was big enough to be a base for the next attacks on the Philippines, Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands. The harbor at Apra could take the largest ships. The two airfields were big enough for B-29 Superfortress bombers.

The invasion of Saipan was planned for June 15, 1944, with landings on Guam planned for June 18.

A large Japanese carrier attack and heavy fighting in Saipan led to the invasion of Guam being delayed for a month.

Guam is surrounded by reefs, cliffs, and heavy waves. This makes Guam hard to attack.

On July 21, the Americans landed on both sides on the western side of Guam. The 3rd Marine Division landed at 08:28. The 1st Provisional Marine Brigade landed to the south. Japanese artillery sank 20 Landing Ships. The Americans had many dead and wounded.

By 09:00 men and tanks were on both beaches. The 77th Infantry Division had to walk through the shallow water. Japanese guns fired at them.

By nightfall the Americans controlled the beachs about 2,000 meters deep. Japanese attacks were made throughout the first few days.

Lieutenant General Takeshi Takashina was killed on July 28, and Lieutenant General Hideyoshi Obata took over the command of the defenders.

Supply was very difficult for the Americans in the first days of the battle.

The attacks against the American beaches, as well as the violent fighting, had tired out the Japanese. At the start of August they were running out of food and ammunition and had only a few tanks left.

Obata moved to the mountainous central and northern part of the island. He could not get any more supplies or get new troops because of American control of the sea and air around Guam.

The Japanese refused to surrender, and almost all were killed. On August 10, the US captured Guam. The next day, Obata committed ritual suicide.

A few Japanese soldiers hid in the jungle. On December 8, 1945, three U.S. Marines were killed. On January 24, 1972, Sergeant Shoichi Yokoi was discovered by hunters. He had lived alone in a cave for 27 years.

After the battle, Guam was turned into a base for Allied operations. Five large airfields were built by the Seabees. B-29 bombers flew from the island to attack targets in the Western Pacific and on mainland Japan.

Four U.S. Marines were awarded the Medal of Honor for their brave actions during the Battle of Guam: PFC Luther Skaggs Jr., PFC Frank Witek (after death), PFC Leonard F. Mason (after death) and Captain (later General) Louis H. Wilson, Jr..

Liberation Day continues to be celebrated on Guam every July 21.

Robert Schwarz Strauss

Robert Schwarz Strauss (October 19, 1918 – March 19, 2014) was an American politician and diplomat. He served as the Chairman of the Democratic National Committee between 1972 and 1977 and served under President Jimmy Carter as the U.S. Trade Representative and special envoy to the Middle East.

Strauss was selected by President George H. W. Bush to be the U.S. ambassador to the Soviet Union in 1991 and after the USSR's collapse, he served as the U.S. ambassador to Russia from 1991 until 1993. Strauss has advised and represented U.S. presidents over three administrations and for both major U.S. political parties.

Strauss died from natural causes in Washington, D.C., aged 95.


Western Allied invasion of Germany

The Western Allied invasion of Germany was an attack on Nazi Germany that was done by the Western Allies in the final months of the European War in World War II. The invasion started with the Allies crossing the Rhine River. Then they spread out and moved through western Germany. The Germans surrendered on 8 May 1945. This is known as the "Central Europe Campaign" in United States military histories.

By the early spring of 1945, the Allied forces in Europe were doing well. On the Western Front the Allies had been fighting in Germany since the October Battle of Aachen. By January, the Allies beat the Germans in the Battle of the Bulge. The failure of this last major German attack took the last of Germany's strength. The Germans could not do much to stop the final Allied attacks in Europe.

Additional losses in the Rhineland weakened the German Army, leaving few troops to defend the east bank of the Rhine. By mid-March, the Allies had captured an intact bridge at Remagen. They also defended the bridge on the river's east bank.

German casualties during the Allied attacks to reach the Rhine in February–March 1945 were about 400,000 men, including 280,000 men captured as prisoners of war.

On the Eastern Front, the Soviet Red Army had moved through Poland. The Russians 
were nearing Berlin. The Soviets also moved into Hungary and eastern Czechoslovakia. These advances on the Eastern Front destroyed experienced German troop groups. It also made it very hard for Adolf Hitler to strengthen his Rhine defenses.

At the very beginning of 1945, the Commander of the Allies, General Dwight D. Eisenhower had 73 divisions under his command in North-western Europe. This included 49 infantry divisions, 20 armored divisions and four airborne divisions.

As the invasion of Germany started, Eisenhower had 90 divisions. This included 25 armored divisions. He had one of the largest forces in any war. The Allied line along the Rhine stretched from the North Sea to the Swiss border. The Allies wanted to capture the industrial Ruhr area.

Facing the Allies was "Oberbefehlshaber West" ("Army Command West") commanded by Field Marshal Albert Kesselring.

Kesselring had shown he was good at defending land in the Italian Campaign. But in Germany, he did not have the troops or weapons to make a good defense.

During the fighting west of the Rhine up to March 1945, the German Army on the western front had only 26 divisions. Most of the troops were used against the Soviet forces. The Germans had 214 divisions on the eastern front in April.

After capturing the Ruhr, Eisenhower planned to have 21st Army Group go east to Berlin. Eisenhower began to change his plans toward the end of March. He found out that Soviet forces held a bridge over the Oder River, from Berlin. He was worried the Soviets would capture Berlin before the western Allies.

In addition, he was worried about the Ruhr. The Ruhr had many Axis troops and a lot of industries. He was also worried about the "National Redoubt." Some people said Hitler's most loyal troops were preparing to
defend themselves in the mountains of southern Germany and western Austria.

American forces in the south were really fighting hard to win. On 7 March, Lt. Gen. Courtney H. Hodges's 1st Army had captured a bridge over the Rhine at Remagen.

To the south in the Saar-Palatinate region, Lt. Gen. George S. Patton's 3rd Army had beaten the German 7th Army and the German 1st Army. From 18–22 March, Patton's forces captured over 68,000 Germans.

When Allied soldiers arrived in a town, its leaders and residents used white flags to show that they wanted to surrender. The Allied officer then took over the town. Soldiers posted copies of Eisenhower's "".

It was a poster that told Germans that they had to follow orders from Allied officers. It also said people could not go out at night or travel. It said Germans had to give all weapons to the Allies.

By the beginning of the Central Europe attacks, Allied victory in Europe was certain. Hitler had tried to stop the Allies in the Ardennes offensive. After losing this battle, Hitler had no strength left to stop the powerful Allied armies.

The Allies still had to fight violent battles to capture Germany. Hitler refused to admit defeat until Soviet artillery was falling around his Berlin bunker.

The crossing of the Rhine, surrounding the Ruhr, and moving to the Elbe-Mulde line and the Alps showed how well the Allied troops could move around in battle. Captured German soldiers were impressed by the US artillery.


The Face Reader

The Face Reader is a South Korean movie released on September 11, 2013. It was made by director Han Jae-rim and actor Song Kang-ho (who has also acted in the movie Snowpiercer) appears in the title role of the movie. It won six awards at the 50th Grand Bell Awards, including Best Film, Best Director for Han Jae-rim, and Best Actor for Song Kang-ho. Also, at The 33rd annual Korean Association of Film Critics Awards held on November 29, The Face Reader also won three awards for Best Male Actor, Best New Actor, and Best Music Score. 

King Munjong (1414–1452), the fifth King of the Joseon Dynasty, succeeded King Sejong in 1450 as his first son.Two years later because of disease he died and was followed by his young son King Danjong. King Danjong ascended the throne at the age of 12 and was forced to abdicate by his uncle, Grand Prince Suyang who became Sejo of Joseon, and exiled to Yeongwol County. Sejo produced a coup d'état and became the seventh king himself in 1455

The main character, Nae-gyeong, could not run for public office as the son of a disgraced yangban living in seclusion and works as a physiognomist. He is able to assess the personality, mental state and habits of a person by looking at his or her face. One day, Yeon-hong who is a famous gisaeng in Joseon dynasty visits him to suggest a partnership reading the faces of Yeon-hong’s guest and receiving money. As becoming famous at Hanyang, a capital city of Joseon dynasty, he was called from the royal courts where he seeks out the talented person who can do work well. Meanwhile, King Munjong who has feeling of danger as his condition gets worse orders Nae-gyeong to identify the potential traitors who threaten his reign. After the death of Munjong, Nae-gyeong tries to keep his loyalty to the late King and help Kim Jongseo protect the young King which forces him into the biggest power struggle in the history of the Joseon dynasty.


Oriel College, Oxford

Oriel College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It claims to be the oldest college at the University. University College, Balliol College and Merton College also claim to be the oldest. Oriel College traces its origins to 1324. 

The full name of the college is "The Provost and Scholars of the House of the Blessed Mary the Virgin in Oxford, commonly called Oriel College, of the Foundation of Edward the Second of famous memory, sometime King of England". 

The common name of the college refers to one of its earliest buildings That building, which no longer exists, featured a prominent bay window, known as an oriel.

Hijra (South Asia)

In the culture of South Asia, hijras are people who were born male who have a feminine gender identity and wear women's clothing. Hijras do not feel male or female. There are hijras in India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh. The word 'hijra' is often translated into 'eunuch' or 'hermaphrodite'. Some hijras are eunuchs or hermaphrodites. Many are not.

Hijras are discriminated against a lot. Many hijras do sex work because people will not give them jobs. Since November 2013, hijras in Bangladesh have been allowed to choose 'hijra' as a gender on their passports. Before this they had to choose 'male' or 'female'. Hijras have their own language called Hijra Farsi. It is also known as Koti. In 2000, Shabnam Mausi was the first hijra to be elected into Indian parliament. 

Cha Tae-hyun

Cha Tae-hyun is a South Korean actor. He was born on March 25, 1976. He is also a singer, radio DJ and entertainer in variety programs.

His start was in the KBS Talent Contest. In this contest, he got silver medal. His first drama was "Our Sunny Days of Youth". He played minor roles at first. Then starting with the other dramas, he became a big star. He became popular and appeared in TV commercials. He has acted in 18 dramas. In 2013, he appeared in the TV drama "Jeon Woo-chi".

After "Jeon Woo-chi", he focused on movies and TV variety programs. He appeared in 22 movies. From "Hallelujah" (1997) to "The Grand Heist" (2012), he performed various characters in the movies. In 2013, he prepared the movie "Slow Video". 

He appears on a TV variety program every Sunday. This program is called "1 night & 2 days".


Nicole Beharie

Nicole Beharie (born January 3, 1985) is an American actress. The first movie Beharie acted in was "American Violet". Beharie was nominated for Best Actress at the 2010 Black Reel Awards for her acting in "American Violet". Beharie played Rachel Robinson in the 2013 movie "42". In 2013, Beharie started playing Lt. Abbie Mills in the television series "Sleepy Hollow".

Moroccan–American Treaty of Friendship

The Moroccan–American Treaty of Friendship was a treaty between Morocco and the United States. It was signed in 1786. By signing it, King Mohammed III began diplomatic relations with the newly independent United States.

The treaty agreed that free Moors of North Africa would remain free and not be classified as Negroes, blacks, or slaves.


One Fine Day

One Fine Day is a picture book by Nonny Hogrogian. It was published by Macmillan in 1971. It was awarded the Caldecott Medal for the most distinguished picture book in 1972. The pictures have bright colors to express main character's personality. Also, it is simple story for young children (aged 0–8) to read. The red fox steals an old woman's milk and has his tail cut off. He starts to find his tail again. This is a short and humorous retelling of a favorite American folktale.

There is a red fox that is very thirsty in the great forest. He wants to drink, so he steals an old woman's milk. She gets upset and cuts off his tail. To get back his tail, he tries to find some milk from a cow. The cow wants grass for him to give milk. He finds a grass but the grass wants some water. Again, he runs to stream to beg some water but the stream asks him to get a jug. Like this pattern, the red fox goes travel to find milk. Finally he meets kind miller and cries. The good miller gives him the grain and he brings it to a hen to get an egg. The egg is given for a peddler to get a bead. After all paying is done, he can get some milk for the old woman so she carefully sews his tail again.

The main character is the fox that walks around the great forest. He cares about his looks, so he doesn't want to go back to his friends without his tail. He thinks that his friends will laugh at him. Also, he is sensitive. He cries a few times when the old woman gets angry or he meets a kind miller. It can be seen from the illustration, as his eyes always look pitiful to describe these personalities.

Gumi

Gumi is the second largest city in Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea. It is in the mid central part of Gyeongsangbuk-do. The Nakdong River runs through the city. Gumi is well known for its National Industrial Complex which was built in the 1970s. Manufacturing is the major industry of Gumi now, but agriculture was the main one before the complex was built. 

Gumi is famous because Geumo Mountain (Geumo San) is there. Geumo San, designated as a park in 1970, is 976 meters above sea level. It attracts many tourists because of its beautiful scenery; such as oddly formed rocks and strangely shaped stones, forests, and valleys. The mountain is best known for its unique shape. Seeing the mountain from a distance, it resembles the profile of a giant lying on the ground. It has become one of the favorite sites among photographers because it looks most spectacular at sunset. There are a variety of post cards with pictures of its side face of a giant.

Park Chung-hee is one of the former presidents of South Korea and he was born in Gumi in 1917. Gumi became prosperous during his presidential term. The Gyeongbu Expressway and Gyeongbu Line railway, which are the principal traffic routes of the country, were built to pass through the city. The routes could have been connected directly from Daejeon to Daegu. The rapid economic growth of Gumi resulted from the president’s care for his hometown. 

Gumi

E-mart

Emart is the first discount store of South Korea. The first store opened in November 1993 by Shinsegae. Emart is the largest retailer in South Korea. There are 146 hypermarkets and 127 supermarkets called ‘Emart everyday’ across the country. Emart is the first Korean retailer to advance into China. There are 16 hypermarkets and the first branch opened at Shanghai in February,1997.

There are 4 business areas of Emart. First, there are hypermarkets and supermarkets. Second, there are Emart Traders. Emart Traders is a hypermarket warehouse store. There are 7 locations in Korea: Guseong, Songlim, Weolpyeong, Seomyeon, Busan, Ansan, and Cheonan-Asan. Third, there are specialty stores. Emart operates specialized stores to address specific lifestyle needs. Lastly, there is Emart Mall. It is an on-line shopping mall that utilizes Emart stores as logistics centres to offer Emart products. Emart stores also provide home delivery service.

Emart stores offer general home products, electronics, sporting goods, and clothing.



Mont-Saint-Michel, Quebec

Mont-Saint-Michel is a municipality in the Laurentides region of Quebec, in Canada. It is part of the Antoine-Labelle Regional County Municipality.

Population change:

Private houses where people live permanently (all the time): 266 (total houses: 422)

Mother tongue:

Gravitropism

Gravitropism (also known as Geotropism) is a turning or growth movement by a plant, fungus, or animal in response to gravity. It is a general feature of all higher and many lower plants and also in other organisms. Charles Darwin was one of the first people to say that roots grow downward and stems grow upward in response to gravity.

Dr. Mario 64

Dr. Mario 64 is a puzzle video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 video game console. It was released on April 8, 2001.
It was the last "Mario" game released for the Nintendo 64. It is an updated version of "Dr. Mario", which was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy in 1990.

The gameplay of "Dr. Mario 64" is to make sure vitamins of the same color are lined-up together. There are three colors of vitamins: red, blue, and yellow. The player has to clear the field of viruses by dropping capsules with two colors on them. The player moves the capsules as they fall by moving them left or right and rotating them. The player gets points by killing viruses. The game ends if the bottle fills up with capsules.

Up to four players can play the game at once. There are different types of single-player modes, as well as modes for two players to play at once.


Beyoncé (album)

Beyoncé is the self-titled fifth studio album by American singer Beyoncé, released on iTunes on December 13, 2013. 
The release of the album made the iTunes website stop working. This happened because there were so many people on the website at once for the album. Timbaland, Justin Timberlake, and Pharrell Williams are producers of songs on the album. The album got good reviews. "XO" was released as the first single from the album. On December 21, 2013 the album will be released on CD and DVD in the United States. "Billboard" chose the album as the best of 2013.

"Beyoncé" starts with "Pretty Hurts". The third track "Drunk in Love" was released as one of the album's two lead singles. Jay-Z, Knowles' husband, raps in it. The song is about how much Knowles likes having sex with Jay-Z.  "Partition" is about having sex in a limousine. In "Mine", Drake raps. The song "Superpower" has Frank Ocean singing in it. "XO" was released as a lead single to the album.

The album has a feminist theme. "Flawless", the eleventh song on the album, samples "Why We Should All Be Feminists", a TED talk by the Nigerian writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. In "New Statesman" Laurie Penny described "Blow" as being about how Knowles likes being given cunnilingus. She compared it to Prince. In the song "Drunk in Love" Jay-Z raps about domestic violence. The lyric was criticized for making violence against women seem like a good thing.

The album sold 80,000 copies in the first three hours after it was released. In slightly under a day it sold 430,000 copies. In its first three days the album sold 828,773 copies. It sold over a million copies in less than a week. The album sold more quickly than any other album on iTunes ever. It went straight to number one in the "Billboard" 200. This made it her fifth number one album. It also entered the Canadian Albums Chart at number one. and the UK Albums Chart at number five

Court Appointed Special Advocate

Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) is an organization in the United States. CASA supports and promotes advocates for abused or neglected children which are appointed by courts of law. The purpose is to provide children with a safe and healthy living environment in permanent homes. The program is similar to, but in most states is not the same as a legal guardian ("Guardians ad litem"). According to National CASA, today there are more than 77,000 advocates. They serve in 933 state and local program offices nationwide. Because of these volunteers, 233,000 children have been assisted through CASA services. 

Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) are in cities all over the United States. Advocates receive training on the laws of child abuse and neglect. They learn how to interview children and how to work with children with special needs. All advocates are trained to evaluate a family's situation. The typical training is about 30 hours spent in workshops and 10 hours spent in observing court cases and procedures. They also receive 12 hours of in-service training each year. Each CASA location has a volunteer . Together with a location's overseer (manager) they give help and advice to the advocates.

Mac McGarry

Maurice James "Mac" McGarry (June 15, 1926 – December 12, 2013) was an American television personality. He was the longtime host of the television quiz show "It's Academic". It airs in Washington, D.C. on NBC-owned WRC-TV. He hosted the show for five decades, from October 7, 1961, when it first aired, until June 25, 2011.

McGarry died of complications from pneumonia on December 12, 2013, aged 87, at his home in Potomac, Maryland.


Nehemiah Persoff

Nehemiah Persoff (August 2, 1919 – April 5, 2022) was an American actor and artist. He was known for his roles in "The Comancheros", "Some Like It Hot", "An American Tail", "The Wrong Man", and in "Twins". His career has lasted for over 50 years. 

Persoff was born in Jerusalem, on August 2, 1919. He was raised in New York City. Persoff studied the Actors Studio. He was married to Thia Persoff between 1951 and her death in 2021. They had four children.

Persoff died on April 5, 2022 at a care home in San Luis Obispo, California from heart failure, aged 102.


Compact star

In astronomy, the term compact star or compact object is used to refer collectively to white dwarfs, neutron stars, other exotic dense stars, and black holes. 

Most compact stars are at the end of their stellar evolution. They are called stellar remnants: the form of the remnant depends mainly on the mass of the star when it formed. These objects are small for their mass. Astronomic objects with an unknown nature are often called "compact star", when evidence suggests that they are very massive and that they have a small radius. A compact star which is not a black hole is sometimes called a degenerate star.

Heinz Zemanek

Heinz Zemanek (January 1, 1920 – July 16, 2014) was an Austrian computer scientist. Zemanek developed the first complete transistorised computer in Europe.


Stoner (novel)

Stoner is a novel from 1965 by the American writer John Williams. The book is about a man called William Stoner who goes to university in Missouri. The book tells the story of William Stoner's life, his job at the university and his wife Edith. It was published by Viking Press.

In December 2013, the British bookshop Waterstones gave it their prize for Book of the Year.

Lars-Emil Johansen

Lars Emil Johansen (born 1946) was the Prime Minister of Greenland. He was the Prime Minister of Greenland from 1991-1997. He was born in Illorsuit. Johansen represented Greenland in the Parliament of Denmark from 1973, a position he regained in 2001 and still holds.

Kuupik Kleist

Jakob Edvard Kuupik Kleist (born 31 March 1958) was the Prime Minister of Greenland from 2009 to 2013. He was succeeded by Aleqa Hammond.

Abdelmalek Sellal

Abdelmalek Sellal (عبد الملك سلال) (born 1 August 1948) is an Algerian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Algeria from 29 April 2014 to 25 May 2017. He previously served as the Prime Minister of Algeria from 3 September 2012 to 13 March 2014. His predecessor was Ahmed Ouyahia. In February 2022, Abdelmalek Sellal was hospitalized at the CHU Mustapha-Pacha in Algiers for contamination with the Omicron variant of covid-19 and had health problems related to the latter.

Jigme Thinley

Jigme Yoser Thinley (born 9 September 1952) was the Prime Minister of Bhutan. He began his term as Prime Minister in 2008. It ended in 2013. He was succeeded by Tshering Tobgay.

Tshering Tobgay

Tshering Tobgay (born 19 September 1965) is a Bhutanese politician who is serving as the Prime Minister of Bhutan since 2024, he was served as Prime Minister previously from 2013 to 2018. He began his term as Prime Minister in 2012. His predecessor was Jigme Thinley.

Željko Komšić

Željko Komšić (born 1964) is the President of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He began his term as president in 2013. His predecessor was Nebojša Radmanović.

Vjekoslav Bevanda

Vjekoslav Bevanda (born 13 May 1956) is the Prime Minister of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He began his term as Prime Minister in 2012. His predecessor was Nikola Špirić.

Ian Khama

Seretse Khama Ian Khama (born 27 February 1953) was the President of Botswana from 2008 to 2018. Khama was Vice President of Botswana before he became President. He was also a pilot in his younger years. Khama began his term as President on 1 April 2008 and served until 1 April 2018. His predecessor was Festus Mogae. His father, Seretse Khama, was the first President of Botswana. In April 2022, Ian Khama was summoned by the justice of his country. The former head of state is accused, among other things, of illegal possession of a firearm. The case dates back to 2016. In December 2022, an arrest warrant was issued by Bostwana against Ian Khama who is believed to be in South Africa.

Hassanal Bolkiah

Hassanal Bolkiah (born Hassanal Bolkiah Mu´izzadin Waddaulah; 1946) is the Sultan and Yang Di-Pertuan of Brunei. He succeeded to the throne following the abdication of his father, Omar Ali Saifuddien III, in 1967.

Rosen Plevneliev

Rosen Asenov Plevndeliev (born 14 May 1964) is the previous President of Bulgaria. He began his term as President in elections in 2012 and had two mandates to 2017. His predecessor was Georgi Parvanov. Before he was president, Plevneliev was a minister worker for development and public works.


Boyko Borisov

Boyko Metodiev Borisov (born 13 June 1959) was the Prime minister of Bulgaria. He previously served as prime minister from 2009 to 2013. He was succeeded by Marin Raykov. Before he was prime minister, Borisov was mayor of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.

Marin Raykov

Marin Raykov Nikolov (born 1959) is the Prime minister of Bulgaria. He began his term as Prime minister in 2013. His predecessor was Boyko Borisov. Before he was prime minister, Raykov was a Minister of Foreign Affairs. He was born in Washington, D.C..

Luc-Adolphe Tiao

Luc-Adolphe Tiao (born 4 June 1954) is a former Prime Minister of Burkina Faso. He served as Prime Minister from 2011 to 2014. His predecessor was Tertius Zongo. Before he was prime minister, Tiao studied to be a priest. Tiao resigned in December 27, 2012, but then-President of Burkina Faso Blaise Compaoré reappointed him as Prime Minister three days later.

On 30 October 2014, it was reported that President Blaise Compaoré decided to dissolve the government and declare a state of emergency. On 31 October 2014, Compaoré resigned.
Luc-Adolphe Tiao studied journalism at the University of Dakar, graduating in 1980.

In 1988, he participated in the founding of the Journalists Association of Burkina Faso, which he chaired until 1990. In 1992, Tiao was appointed press officer of the Burkina Faso embassy in France. From 1997, he was in charge of communication with the Prime Minister, before being president of the High Council of Communication from 2001 to 2008, when he returned to Paris, this time as ambassador. He remains in office until his appointment as Prime Minister in April 2011.

On October 30, 2014, following a popular uprising in Ouagadougou, the government is dissolved.

In 2015, he supported a doctoral thesis in "Communication, Arts and Entertainment" at the University Bordeaux-Montaigne.

On September 16, 2016, after returning from Ivory Coast where he had been in exile for two years, Tiao is charged with "murder".

Pierre Nkurunziza

Pierre Nkurunziza (18 December 1964 – 8 June 2020) was the President of Burundi. He began his term as President in 2005. He replaced Domitien Ndayizeye. 

Before he was President, Nkurunziza was an activist for freedom fighting. His father was also a politician in Burundi.

Nkurunziza was hospitalized on 6 June 2020 after feeling unwell in Karuzi, Burundi. He later had a heart attack on two days later and died at the age of 55.

Thein Sein

Thein Sein (born 20 April 1945) is a Burmese politician. He was elected President of Burma in 2010. His term as president began in 2011 and ended in 2016. His predecessor was Than Shwe. Before he was president, Sein was Prime Minister of Burma. Sein was also a member of parliament for Zabuthiri.

Norodom Sihamoni

Norodom Sihamoni (born 14 May 1953 in Phnom Penh) is Cambodian royalty. He became King of Cambodia after his father, Norodom Sihanouk, abdicated his throne in 2004. His father died in 2012. He is also known for being a peace activist and dance instructor. He is a bachelor.

Hun Sen

Hun Sen () (born August 5 ,1952) is a Cambodian politician. He was elected Prime Minister of Cambodia in 1985 after the death of his predecessor Chan Sy. Before he was Prime Minister, Sen was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs. He retired as Prime Minister in August 2023, and he was succeeded by his son Hun Manet.

Philémon Yang

Philémon Yang (born 1947) is a Cameroonian politician. He was elected Prime Minister of Cameroon in 2009. He left the office in January 2019. His predecessor was Ephraïm Inoni. Before he was Prime Minister, Yang was an ambassador to Canada. In March 2024, Philémon Yang is designated Africa's candidate for the presidency of the 79th session of the United Nations General Assembly.

Jorge Carlos Fonseca

Jorge Carlos de Almeida Fonseca (born 20 October 1950) is a Cape Verdean politician. He was elected President of Cape Verde in 2011. His predecessor was Pedro Pires. Before he was President, Fonseca was Minister of Foreign Affairs. He left office in 2021.

Jorge Carlos Fonseca was born on October 20th, 1950, in Mindelo, Cape Verde, which was then still in the colony of Portuguese Cape Verde. He hailed from a Roman Catholic family of European descent. Fonseca finished his elementary and secondary education at local schools in Mindelo and Paria before then going on to pursue his post-secondary education in Lisbon, Portugal. There, he received a Law degree and a Master's in Legal Sciences from the University of Lisbon. Upon returning to Cape Verde, Fonseca served as Director General of Emigration from 1975 to 1977, and then as Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cape Verde from 1977 to 1979.

Beginning in the early 1980s, Fonseca worked as a law instructor at various universities, including the University of Lisbon, the Institute of Forensic Medicine of Lisbon, and the University of Asia Oriental in Macau. Upon returning to Cape Verde, Fonseca served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1991 and 1993, before then running for presidency in the 2001 Elections. That year, he lost to the African Party for the Independence of Cape Verde (PAICV) candidate, Pedro Pires, with Fonseca being affiliated with the PAICV's major rival opposition party, the Movement for Democracy. After the PAICV candidate Pedro Pires served two terms as the President, Fonseca ran for president again in 2011. With the support of his party, he won the presidency in the second round of voting, and in so doing became the 4th President of Cape Verde.

José Maria Neves

José Maria Pereira Neves (born 1960) is a Cape Verdean politician. Neves is the 5th President of Cape Verde since 2021. He was elected Prime minister of Cape Verde in 2001. His predecessor was Gualberto do Rosário. Before he was Prime minister, Neves was President of the Santa Catarina Town Counsil.

In October 2021, José Maria Neves, won the presidential election in the first round of October 17, according to the first results published on an official website. won 51.5% of the vote, an absolute majority necessary to be elected in the first round, according to these results relating to 97% of the polling stations.

François Bozizé

François Bozizé Yangouvonda (born 14 October 1946) is a Central African politician. He was elected President of the Central African Republic in 2003. His predecessor was Ange-Félix Patassé. His term ended in 2013. He was succeeded by Michel Djotodia.


Michel Djotodia

Michel Am-Nondokro Djotodia (born c. 1949) is a Central Africa politician. He was elected President of the Central African Republic in 2013. His predecessor was François Bozizé. He left office on 10 January 2014.

Faustin-Archange Touadéra

Faustin-Archange Touadéra (French: ]; born 21 April 1957) is a Central African politician and academic who has been President of the Central African Republic since March 2016. He was previously Prime Minister of the country from January 2008 to January 2013.

Nicolas Tiangaye

Nicolas Tiangaye (born 13 September 1956) is a Central African politician and lawyer. He became Prime Minister of the Central African Republic on 17 January 2013 until his resignation on 10 January 2014. He was President of the National Transitional Council from 2003 to 2005.

Ange-Félix Patassé

Ange-Félix Patassé (January 25, 1937 – April 5, 2011) was a Central African politician. He was President of the Central African Republic from 1993 until 2003. In 2003, he was forced out of office by the rebel leader François Bozizé.

Patassé died on April 5, 2011 from complications of diabetes.

Idriss Déby

General Idriss Déby Itno (; June 18, 1952 – April 20, 2021) was a Chadian politician. He became President of Chad in 1990. He won six presidential elections.

On 20 April 2021, Déby was killed while commanding his army against rebels calling themselves FACT in the north of Chad during the Northern Chad offensive, at the age of 68.

Emmanuel Nadingar

Emmanuel Djelassem Nadingar (born 1951) is a Chadian politician. He served as Prime Minister of Chad from March 2010 to January 2013.

Djimrangar Dadnadji

Joseph Djimrangar Dadnadji (1 January 1954 – 31 December 2019) was a Chadian politician. He became Prime Minister of Chad in 2013 after the resignation of Emmanuel Nadingar. His term would only last for 10 months before his resignation. He was succeeded by Kalzeubet Pahimi Deubet.

Dadnadji died of a stroke on 31 December 2019 in N'Djamena, Chad at the age of 65.

Kalzeubet Pahimi Deubet

Kalzeubet Pahimi Deubet is a Chadian businessman, economist, and politician. He became Prime Minister of Chad in November 2013 after the resignation of Djimrangar Dadnadji.


Li Keqiang

Li Keqiang (; 1 July 1955 – 27 October 2023) was a Chinese politician and economist. He became the Premier of the People's Republic of China and party secretary of the State Council in 2013. He ranked #2 in Chinese power structure from 2012 until his death in 2023, next to Xi Jinping.

Li graduated from Beijing University, with a Bachelor degree in Law, PhD degree in Economics. He joined the Communist Party of China (CPC) in May 1976. He became a member of the CPC Central Committee in 1997 and retained the membership since then. He’s also written articles using the name Eldon Li.

On 27 October 2023, Li died from a heart attack while he was on a holiday in Shanghai.


Ikililou Dhoinine

Ikililou Dhoinine (born 14 August 1962) is a Comorian politician. He was the President of Comoros from 2011 to 2016. He won the election against Mohamed Said Fazul and Abdou Djabir by having the most votes. Before he was President, Dhoinine was the Vice-President of Comoros from 2006 to 2011.

Sami Zayn

Rami Sebei (born July 12, 1984) is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is currently working for WWE where he competes under the ring name, Sami Zayn. He wrestles on the Raw brand. He is a former one-time NXT Champion., three-time Intercontinental Champion and a one-time Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champion (Raw and SmackDown Tag Team Champion) with his real-life friend Kevin Owens.

He is also known under the ring name El Generico which he used while wrestling on the independent circuit. His gimmick was that of a luchador from Mexico. His theme song was "Olé!" by The Bouncing Souls and Olé! was also his catch phrase.

He has also wrestled for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla from 2004 to 2013, Chikara from 2005 to 2012, Ring of Honor from 2005 to 2012, Dragon Gate, Dramatic Dream Team, and Dragon Gate USA and Evolve in 2012.

Sebei is a Muslim and completed a pilgrimage to Mecca called Umrah during WWE's trip to Saudi Arabia in 2023. He is of Syrian descent. Because of this he did not wrestle at WWE premium live events in Saudi Arabia until Night of Champions on May 27, 2023.

Sebei is married and has a son. He is a vegan, and is fluent in English, Arabic, and French. Sebei is close friends with Kevin Steen, better known in WWE as Kevin Owens, who he has teamed up and feuded with in his career.

In July 2017, Sebei created "Sami for Syria" to support the Syrian American Medical Society.


JTBC

JTBC is a South Korean nationwide general cable television network and broadcasting company. It was established on March 21, 2011 and launched on December 1, 2011. JTBC is supported by "JoongAng Ilbo", which is one of the three biggest newspapers published in Seoul. JTBC's largest shareholder is JoongAng Media Network with 25% of shares. JTBC is in alliance with other overseas broadcasting companies, including CNN, FOX, HBO, BBC, SMG, TV Asahi, K-channel, Al Masry, Al Youm and Standard Group.

JTBC insists Tongyang Broadcasting Corporation (TBC) is the return of "JoongAng Ilbo" to television in JTBC. TBC, which was a part of the Samsung Group, was launched in 1966 and ran the network for 16 years. In 1980, however, TBC was taken over by the state-run Korean Broadcasting System under the Chun Doo-hwan military regime. 

JTBC has news, sports, entertainment, drama and children's programs.

On weekdays, JTBC shows "JTBC Morning Show 7" at 6:55–8:35 am, "JTBC News Concert" at 5:35–6:50 pm, "JTBC Newsroom" at 8:00–9:30 pm(weekdays), and at 7:40–8:30 pm(weekends) and "JTBC Sports News" at 12:15–12:25 pm. The most popular entertainment programs are "Hidden Singers", shown on Saturdays at 11 pm, and "Shinhwa-Bangsong", shown on Sundays at 11 pm. The most popular dramas are "Your Neighbor's Wife", shown on Mondays and Tuesdays, and "Madi", shown on Saturdays and Sundays.


Sami Callihan

Sam Johnston (born September 1, 1987) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in Impact Wrestling and WWE under the ring name, Sami Callihan.

He has also competed for Combat Zone Wrestling, Dragon Gate USA, EVOLVE Wrestling, Ring of Honor, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, Fight Club: Pro, Pro Wrestling Syndicate, WXW Germany, IPW-UK, Big Japan Pro Wrestling, and AAW.

On May 27, 2013, Dragon Gate USA confirmed that Johnston had signed with WWE. On December 6, he debuted under an evil hacker gimmick, where he used a tablet computer to take control of the lights in the arena, and attacked Kalisto.



P. C. Devassia

Plakkiyil Chacko Devassia, often known as Mahakavi P. C. Devassia (24 March 1906 – 10 October 2006) was a Sanskrit scholar and poet. He is from Kerala, India. 

In 1980, he won the Sahitya Akademi Award for Sanskrit for his poem "Kristubhagavatam". He has also received the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award for his contributions to Malayalam literature.

John Cornforth

Sir John Warcup "Kappa" Cornforth, Jr., AC, CBE, FRS, FAA (7 September 1917 – 14 December 2013) was an Australian-British chemist. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1975 for his work on the stereochemistry of enzyme-catalysed reactions.

Cornforth died on 14 December 2013 from natural causes at his Brighton home, aged 96.


Zafer Önen

Zafer Önen (1 January 1921 Çorum – 13 December 2013 Istanbul) was a Turkish movie actor. He was known for his roles in "Curcuna" (1955), "My Wife's Lover" (1959) and "Flying Saucers Over Istanbul" (1955).

Önen died in Istanbul, Turkey from heart failure, aged 92.

Denis Sassou Nguesso

Denis Sassou Nguesso (born 23 November 1943) is a Congolese politician. He became the President of the Republic of the Congo since 1997. He was also President of the Republic of the Congo from 1979 to 1992.

In October 2021, Denis Sassou N'Guesso was cited in the scandal of the "Pandora Papers". According to the international consortium of journalists, it was in 1998, just after the return to power of Denis Sassou N'Guesso, that the company Inter African Investment was reportedly registered in the British Virgin Islands, a Caribbean tax haven. Denis Sassou N'Guesso denies en bloc it is documents.

Joseph Kabila

Joseph Kabila Kabange (commonly known as Joseph Kabila, born 4 June 1971) is a Congolese politician. He became President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in January 2001. He took office ten days after the assassination of his father, President Laurent-Désiré Kabila. He was elected as President in 2006. In 2011, he was re-elected for a second term.

Forbes writer Richard Miniter documented the wealth of Joseph Kabila, estimated at 2 billion US Dollars in offshore banks in the British Virgin Islands, accumulated in just over 13 years of being in power.

After widespread speculation surrounding his continued stay in office, it was feared Kabila would seek re-election for a third term in the 2018 election. But he announced in August 2018, that he will not stand.

In October 2021, Joseph Kabila defended his graduation thesis at the University of Johannesburg. A master's degree in political science and international relations was awarded to him at the end of his studies which lasted five years.


Augustin Matata Ponyo

Augustin Matata Ponyo Mapon (born 5 June 1964) is a Congolese political figure. He became Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in April 2012.

Alassane Ouattara

Alassane Ouattara (born 1 January 1942) is an Ivoirian politician. He became President of Côte d'Ivoire in 2011. He is an economist, Ouattara worked for the International Monetary Fund (IMF). He was the Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire from November 1990 to December 1993.

 Alassane Ouattara.com Political Web site from Ouattara's circle of influence.

Guillaume Soro

Guillaume Kigbafori Soro (born 8 May 1972) is an Ivorian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire from April 2007 to March 2012.
In July 2023, an investigating judge in Paris, France was appointed to investigate the April 2011 assassination of Ibrahima Coulibaly, a former Ivorian rebel leader, in which Guillaume Soro is believed to have been implicated in the assassination..

Daniel Kablan Duncan

Daniel Kablan Duncan (born 1943) is an Ivorian politician. He became Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire on November 2012. He was the Prime Minister from 11 December 1993 to 24 December 1999 and as Minister of Foreign Affairs from June 2011 to November 2012.

Jeannot Ahoussou-Kouadio

Jeannot Ahoussou-Kouadio (born 6 March 1951) is an Ivorian politician. He was Prime Minister of Ivory Coast from March 2012 to November 2012.


Ivo Josipović

Ivo Josipović (; born 28 August 1957) is an Croatian politician. He became the third President of Croatia in February 2010.

During the 2010 election campaign, Josipović announced that as president he will compose an opera based on the murder of John Lennon.


Dimensional analysis

Dimensional analysis is a method used in chemistry, physics, and other sciences. It is used to convert measurements and to find out something's dimensions. Sometimes it is called factor label method or unit analysis.

Any math done with numbers must also be done with their unit labels. For example, when dividing 50 miles driven by 2 gallons of gas used, you not only divide 50 by 2 to get a result of 25, you also have to divide "miles" by "gallons", which gives the unit "miles/gallon" or "miles per gallon". The final answer is "25 miles per gallon".

Looking at the unit labels can help in choosing what to do with the numbers. For example, to convert 2.3 miles to some number of meters, use the equation "1609.34 meters equals one mile" or 1609.34 meters per mile. Using division, the unit labels will be miles/meters/mile, which ends up as miles/meter, which is not just the meters. With multiplication, the unit labels will be miles × meters/mile. The miles will cancel, leaving just meters.

Zoran Milanović

Zoran Milanović (; born 30 October 1966) is a Croatian politician. In 2019, he became the 5th President of Croatia.

He was the Prime Minister of Croatia from 2011 to 2016. He has also been the leader of the Social Democratic Party of Croatia (SDP). It is the largest centre-left political party in Croatia, since 2007.


Miloš Zeman

Miloš Zeman (; born 28 September 1944) is a Czech politician. He became the third President of the Czech Republic on 8 March 2013. Before he was President, Zeman served as the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from 1998 to 2002. He describes himself as a "tolerant atheist".

In October 2021, Zeman was hospitalized at a military hospital in Prague because of diabetic neuropathy.


Paul Dano

Paul Franklin Dano (born June 19, 1984) is an American actor, director, producer, screenwriter, and musician.

He was born in New York City. Dano's family then moved to Wilton, Connecticut. Dano went to Wilton High School there.

When Dano was 17 he played a 15-year-old boy in the 2001 movie "L.I.E.". It was his first big movie role. He also appeared in the 2004 comedy movie "The Girl Next Door". In 2006, "Little Miss Sunshine" was released.In 2007 Dano had a major role in There Will Be Blood ,as preacher Eli Sunday & twin Paul Sunday. In 2012 Dano played the main character in a romantic comedy called "Ruby Sparks". Dano also executive produced the film. He played John Tibeats in the 2013 movie "12 Years a Slave". 

In October 2019, Dano was cast as Riddler in Matt Reeves’s 2022 movie "The Batman".

Dano has been in a relationship with actress and screenwriter Zoe Kazan since 2007. They have a daughter, born in August 2018. They live in Brooklyn.

Jiří Rusnok

Jiří Rusnok (born 16 October 1960) is a Czech politician and economist. He was the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from July 2013 to January 2014.

On 6 December 2013, he was recorded telling the defense minister that he "dreaded" going to South Africa for the funeral of Nelson Mandela. He later apologized.

On 25 May 2016, President Miloš Zeman appointed Rusnok as 4th Governor of the Czech National Bank, succeeding Miroslav Singer.

Pembroke College, Oxford

Pembroke College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. Its full name is "The Master, Fellows and Scholars of Pembroke College". King James I founded Pembroke College in 1624.

Ismaïl Omar Guelleh

Ismaïl Omar Guelleh (Somali: "Ismaaciil Cumar Geelle." Arabic: اسماعيل عُمر جليه) (born 27 November 1947) is an Djiboutian politician. He became the President of Djibouti in May 1999.

From Mamassan clan, one of the components of the Somali tribe Issas, Ismaïl Omar Guelleh is the grandson of Guellé Mohamed, better known as Guelleh Batal, one of the signatories of the "agreement franco of August 30, 1917, which ratifies the "free transfer to the French Government of the coasts, harbors, harbors, islands and territories occupied from time immemorial by the Issa tribes". In recognition, Guelleh Batal obtained from the French administration the position of recruiter on behalf of the CFE.

The father of Ismaïl Omar Guelleh, son of Guelleh Batal, is Omar Guelleh, one of the first native teachers in the 1930s before working, following the path of his father, on behalf of the French-Ethiopian Railway Company. (CFE) which built the line linking Djibouti to Addis Ababa and whose headquarters were in Dire Dawa, a city itself created by the company.

The grandfather of the latter, Oumar Ali Adal, "would be one of the first Issas to have joined the wet Penguin in front of what will become Djibouti".

In Dire Dawa, Ismaïl Omar Guelleh follows traditional teaching at the Koranic school, then at the French school Charles-de-Foucault in Djibouti.

In 1964, at the age of 18, Ismail Omar Guelleh began working in the General Intelligence of the French Territory of the Afars and Issas, because he speaks Amharic, Somali, Arabic, French, French Italian and English.

In 1974, he was suspended because he was suspected of transmitting information to the independence movement [ref. necessary]. He then invested himself in the African Popular League for Independence (LPAI) chaired by Hassan Gouled Aptidon (who belongs to the same extended family group, or "clan"), which militates for independence.

In 1977, Ismaïl Omar Guelleh is a member of the delegation that negotiates with France the independence of his country. Independence was proclaimed on June 27, 1977. The new President of the Republic, Hassan Gouled, appointed him head of his cabinet. He is therefore involved from the beginning in the management of the country facing an external conflict, the Ogaden war between Somalia and Ethiopia, and internal tensions.

Mainland

Mainland is a term that simply means a large landmass or continent. It can also mean the largest of a group of islands. Sometimes the people who live on the mainland are called "mainlanders". Because of its larger area, a mainland almost always has a much larger population than nearby islands. Mainlander culture and politics sometimes threaten to dominate those of the islands.

The Queen's College, Oxford

The Queen's College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1341. The name of the college honors Queen Phillipa of Hanault, the wife of King Edward III. The full name of the college is "The Provost and Scholars of The Queen's College at the University of Oxford".

Dileita Mohamed Dileita

Dileita Mohamed Dileita () (born March 12, 1958) is a Djiboutian politician. He became Prime Minister of Djibouti from 7 March 2001 to 1 April 2013.
Dileita was born in 1958 in the coastal eastern city of Tadjoura, Djibouti, to an Afar family. He studied in Cairo and Reims, then went to the Centre for Vocational Education in Médéa, Algeria, from which he graduated in 1981.

Upon graduation, Dileita returned to Djibouti, where he worked at the Directorate-General of Protocol under the Presidency. He became the second ranking diplomat at the embassy of Djibouti in France in early 1990, and subsequently he became Ambassador to Ethiopia in 1997. He also represented Djibouti at the Organization of African Unity, headquartered in Addis Ababa, while serving as Ambassador to Ethiopia, and assisted in the peace talks that ended the 1998–2000 war between Ethiopia and Eritrea.

In December 1999, Dileita was charged with negotiating a peace agreement with a faction of the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy (FRUD); the negotiations led to the signing of an agreement in February 2000. He became Ambassador to Uganda in mid-2000. After long-time Prime Minister Barkat Gourad Hamadou resigned for health reasons in February 2001, President Ismail Omar Guelleh appointed Dileita as Prime Minister on March 4, 2001, and he took office on March 7. He had no prior experience as a minister.

Dileita was elected as the Vice-President of the RPP on July 3, 2003, succeeding Hamadou in that post.[10] Dileita led the ruling coalition, the Union for the Presidential Majority (UMP), in the January 2003 parliamentary election, standing as the first candidate on the coalition's list for the District of Djibouti.

On May 21, 2005, Dileita was reappointed as Prime Minister[13] after Guelleh's re-election in the April 2005 presidential election; a new government under Dileita was named on May 22.

As of 2008, Dileita was the President of the UMP coalition, and he headed the UMP list for the District of Djibouti in the February 2008 parliamentary election. Following the election, in which the UMP won all seats amidst an opposition boycott, he resigned as Prime Minister on March 25, 2008. Guelleh promptly reappointed him on March 26 and named a new government under Dileita on March 27.

After Guelleh won a third term in the April 2011 presidential election, he reappointed Dileita as Prime Minister on 11 May 2011. Guelleh retained Dileita in his post even though various other long-serving ministers were dropped from the new government that was announced on 12 May. He was replaced as RPP Vice-President by Abdoulkader Kamil Mohamed in September 2012, as part of an extensive shake-up of the RPP leadership.

On 31 March 2013, Dileita was succeeded by Kamil as Prime Minister.

Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, the Chairperson of the Commission of the African Union, announced on 11 June 2014 that Dileita was appointed as the African Union's Special Envoy for Libya. He was head of the African Union observer mission for the March 2016 Congolese presidential election.

Abdoulkader Kamil Mohamed

Abdoulkader Kamil Mohamed () (born 1 July 1952) is a Djiboutian politician. He became the Prime Minister of Djibouti in April 2013.

The Beautiful South

The Beautiful South were an English pop band. They were started in Hull in 1988 by Paul Heaton and Dave Hemingway. Heaton and Hemingway had been members of The Housemartins. The Beautiful South released their first album in 1989. The first single "Song for Whoever" reached number two in the UK Singles Chart. In 2007 they broke up. In 2008 Dave Hemingway, Dave Stead, and Alison Wheeler started The New Beautiful South. In 2010 they changed their name to The South.


Eliud Williams

Eliud Thaddeus Williams (born 21 August 1948) is a Dominican politician. He became the seventh President of Dominica from 2012 to 2013.


Charles Savarin

Charles Angelo Savarin (born 1943) is a Dominican politician. He became the eighth President of Dominica in October 2013. He served as President until October 2023.

Raúl De Molina

Raúl "El Gordo" De Molina (born 29 March 1959 in Cuba) is an Cuban television personality. He works with Univision Network. He hosts many positive rated Latin entertainment shows such as the news show "El Gordo y la Flaca". He has won many Emmy Awards.


Kim Deal

Kimberley Ann Deal (born June 10, 1961) is an American musician. Deal is best known for being the bassist of Pixies. She is also a singer. In 2013, Deal was told by the Pixies' manager to leave the band. Deal is also known for her band The Breeders.

Deal was born in Dayton, Ohio. She has an identical twin called Kelley. The sisters went to Wayne High School.

In January 1986 Deal became the bassist of Pixies. Pixies released their first album "Come on Pilgrim" in 1987 on 4ad. In 1988 they released their second album "Surfer Rosa".

Deal started The Breeders in 1990 with Tanya Donelly. Their first album "Pod" was released by 4AD in 1990. It reached number 22 in the UK Albums Chart.

It was reported Deal left the Pixies in March 2014.

Kelis

Kelis Rogers (born August 21, 1979), better known as Kelis, is an American singer and songwriter. Her most well-known song is "Milkshake". It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Urban/Alternative Performance. Kelis released her sixth album "Food" in 2014.

Kelis was born and raised in Harlem, Manhattan. Her father was an African American jazz musician. Her mother is Puerto Rican and Chinese. She went to a private school called Manhattan Country School. When she was sixteen Kelis left home. 

Kelis released her first album "Kaleidoscope" on December 7, 1999. Her second album "Wonderland" was released in October 2001. Kelis released her most successful album so far, "Tasty", in December 2003. The first single from the album, "Milkshake", reached number three in the "Billboard" Hot 100. In 2006 "Kelis Was Here" was released. "Flesh Tone" was released in 2010.

Mateo Kovačić

Mateo Kovačić (born 6 May 1994) is a Croatian football player. He plays for Real Madrid CF and the Croatian national team as a midfielder.

Kovačić began his professional career with Dinamo Zagreb at the age of 16, with whom he won two consecutive league titles, before joining Inter in 2013. After the 2014–15 season, he moved to Real Madrid, where he won his first Champions League with the squad in 2016. A full Croatian international since 2013, Kovačić represented the nation at the 2014 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2016. He is nicknamed "Il Professore (The Professor)."

Ecgfrith of Northumbria

Ecgfrith (or Egfrith; –685 AD) was the King of Deira from 664 AD until 670 AD . When his father died he became King of Northumbria from 670 AD until his death. Ecgfrith ruled Northumbria when it was at the height of its power. His reign ended with his defeat at the Battle of Nechtansmere in which he died.

Ecgfrith was a younger son of King Oswiu of Northumbria and his wife Enfleda. She was the daughter of King Edwin of Northumbria. He was born . In 655 he was ten years old when Penda of Mercia took him hostage. In 660, at age fifteen, Ecgfrith was married to Etheldreda, the daughter of King Anna of East Anglia. She was the widow of the "" Tondberht of the South Gyrwas. Even though she had been married she had retained her virginity. After her marriage to Ecgfrith she refused to her second marriage and remained a virgin. She was encouraged by Bishop Wilfrid to remain . This caused friction between Ecgfrith and Bishop Wilfrid.

In 660, shortly after the death of his father, Ecgfrith became King of Northumbria. Ecgfrith asked Bishop Wilfrid to convince the queen the kingdom needed an heir. He paid the bishop in gold and a great many hides of land to convince her but Etheldreda would not change her mind. The marriage was dissolved before the end of 672. Ethelreda was allowed to become a nun. She retired to Coldingham Priory and a year later she became the abbess of Ely, which she had built herself. Ecgfrith married as his second wife Eormenburg. She and Bishop Wilfrid became bitter enemies.

In 672 the Picts revolted and threw out the king that the Northumbrians had placed on the throne there. Ecgfrith sent his army into Pictland (Scotland) to punish them. He defeated the Picts and appointed his ealdorman Beornheth to rule over them. In 674 Wulfhere of Mercia and his allies attacked Northumbria. Wulfhere was trying to reclaim Lindsey. But Ecgfrith defeated Wulfhere and made him pay tribute. Wulfhere was succeeded as king of Mercia by his brother Aethelred in 675. Ecgfrith arranged for his sister Osthryth to marry Aethelred. But in 679 Aethelred defeated Ecgfrith in battle at the River Trent. To prevent a blood feud between the two royal families, Theodore, the Archbishop of Canterbury stepped in to prevent further bloodshed. He secured a truce between Northumbria and Mercia that lasted for 50 years. Ecgfrith next turned his attention to the Britons of Rheged. He drove them out of northern England and into Ireland. There they became mercenaries for the Irish kings and also began raiding the English coast. In 684 Ecgfrith led his armies against the kingdom of Brega, north of present day Dublin in Ireland. He won a victory and returned to Northumbria. At this point he may have become too confident. In 685 Ecgfrith again attacked the Picts but this time he was defeated and killed. On 20 May 685 his forces were drawn into an ambush at Nechtansmere near Forfar in Scotland. Ecgfrith and his second wife Eormenburg had no children. Ecgfrith was succeeded by his half-brother Aldfrith. Queen Eormenburg retired to Carlisle abby.

In 674 Ecgfrith had given Benedict Biscop, a Northumbrian nobleman, fifty hides of land at the mouth of the River Wear. This was to build the first of two great monasteries. In 682 King Ecgfrith gave another forty hides of land to Benedict for a second monastery. It was to be at the mouth of the River Trent at Jarrow. The two monasteries were administered as a single community and came to be called Monkwearmouth-Jarrow Abbeys. They became a center of learning and were where Bede wrote most of his works. Ecgfrith was at the dedication of Jarrow abbey in 685 about a month before his death.

From 669 Bishop Wilfrid was directly involved in every gift of land and money to the Church by the Northumbrian king and queens. He became very powerful and rich in the process. In 671 he began building a great church which was financed by and confiscated British church lands. But after Queen Etheldreda retired to her abbey he lost most of his rich patronage. The new queen, Eormenburg, had no love of Wilfrid. Stephen of Ripon, the author of the eighth-century "Vita Sancti Wilfrithi" ("Life of Saint Wilfrid") accused her of being jealous and not having the proper respect for the bishop. In 678 King Ecgfrith drove Bishop Wilfrid out of Northumbria. Bede gave no explanation for why Wilfrid was expelled, but made it clear his sympathies lay with the Bishop.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy

"All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" is a proverb. It means that if a person does not take time off from work, they will become both bored and boring.

The saying in its current form first appeared in James Howell's "Proverbs in English, Italian, French and Spanish" (1659). Some writers have added a second part to the saying, such as Maria Edgeworth in her book "Harry and Lucy Concluded" (1825):

St Anne's College, Oxford

St. Anne's College is one one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1879 as "The Association for the Education for Women". It was the first institution in Oxford for the education of female students. In 1942, it was renamed as the St. Anne Society. In 1952, it received a Royal Charter as a college, for female students only. 

Roosevelt Skerrit

Roosevelt Skerrit (born 8 June 1972) is a Dominican politician. He became Prime Minister of Dominica in January 2004.

Taur Matan Ruak

Taur Matan Rauk (born José Maria Vasconcelos; October 10, 1956) is a East Timorese politician. He became President of East Timor in May 2012. In June 2018, he became the 7th Prime Minister of East Timor.

Xanana Gusmão

Kay Rala Xanana Gusmão (, born José Alexandre Gusmão, , on 20 June 1946) is an East Timorese politician, who is serving as the Prime Minister of East Timor since 2023, previously served in that position from 2007 to 2015. He was the first President of East Timor. He served as President from May 2002 to May 2007. 


José Ramos-Horta

José Manuel Ramos-Horta GCL AC (; born 26 December 1949) is an East Timorese politician and 1996 Nobel Peace Prize winner. Ramos-Horta is the President of East Timor since 2022. He was president before from 20 May 2007 to 20 May 2012. He was the United Nations' special Representative and Head of the United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office in Guinea-Bissau (UNIOGBIS).

Hazem El Beblawi

Hazem Abdel Aziz El Beblawi (born 17 October 1936) is an Egyptian politician. He became the interim Prime Minister of Egypt in July 2013 after the 2013 Egypt protest which caused Mohamed Morsi out of office. On 25 February 2014, he announced his resignation.


Pope Leo VII

Pope Leo VII (??? − 13 July 939) was pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 3 January 936 until he died on 13 July 939. 

He called for Odo of Cluny to mediate between Alberic II of Spoleto and Hugh of Italy. Odo successfully negotiated a truce after he arranged a marriage between Hugh's daughter Alda and Alberic. He was appointed Frederick, Archbishop of Mainz as a reformer in Germany. He allowed Frederick to drive out Jews that had refused to be baptized but he also did not endorse the forced baptism of Jews. He died on 13 July 939. After he died, he was interred into St. Peter's Basilica.

Ronan Tynan

Ronan Tynan (born 14 May 1960) is an Irish singer. Tynan was known for singing "Amazing Grace" at the funeral of President of the United States Ronald Reagan. He is also known for participating in the 1984 and 1988 Summer Paralympics.

Mike Dunleavy Jr.

Michael Joseph "Mike" Dunleavy, Jr. (born September 15, 1980 in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American professional basketball player. In 2013, he joined the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Mauricio Funes

Carlos Mauricio Funes Cartagena (born 18 October 1959) is a Salvadoran politician. He was the President of El Salvador from 2009 to 2014. He won the 2009 elections as the candidate of the left-wing Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front (FMLN) political party.

Vicente Ehate Tomi

Vicente Ehate Tomi (born 1968) is an Equatoguinean politician. He became Prime Minister of Equatorial Guinea on May 21, 2012.

Korean paper

Hanji (Korean paper) is the Korean traditional paper. "Hanji" literally means “paper of Korea”. ""Han"" stands for "Korea," and ""ji"" means "paper."

"Hanji"’s history goes back to 4th century. Koreans started making it after papermaking technique came to Korea from China with Buddhism. After since, Korean paper came to be known as the highest quality paper available in East Asia. During Goryeo period, "hanji" flourished with the development of printing technique in Korea. Its best days continued throughout Joseon Dynasty. However, it didn’t last forever. Western’s mass production of paper and Japanese’s oppression on Korean traditional cultures ended golden ages of "hanji". Nowadays, Korean paper is considered as a tradition worth preserving and spreading. More people are interested in arts and crafts of "hanji", and there it has become the part of the tourism for foreigners, too. 

"Hanji" is made out of inner bark of mulberry, a tree native to Korea. The inner bark of the mulberry is so strong and durable that it does not decay in water up to a year. Korean paper’s durability comes from this tree. The life span of Korean paper is 1,000 years. For example, "Mugujeonggwang Daedaranigyeong," the world's oldest woodblock print was created in 751. Also, thanks to its durability, Koreans even used it as body armor in war. 1 year old trees are used to make the high-quality "hanji", and older trees are used for cheaper modern papers. 

There are several kinds of mulberry trees in Korea. They grow in different climate conditions. Each kind of mulberry tree produces different kinds of hanji, and they are all used in a different way. There are various kinds of Korean paper, and they are named after their usage. "Changhoji", for instance, is a kind of Korean paper. "Changhoji" means window paper. Koreans used to glue "changhoji" on a door because it allows both air and light through it, thanks to its wide fiber. There are other kinds of "hanji" as well. When Korean paper is used as a copy paper, it is called "bogsaji". It is used as paper for family registry book or Buddhist scriptures. When the Four Gracious Plants (plum, orchid, chrysanthemum and bamboo) or birds are drawn on "hanji", it's called "hwasunji", the drawing paper. Nowadays, Korean paper is used for arts and crafts. 

Isaias Afwerki

Isaias Afwerki (Tigrinya: Isaias Afwerki (Tigrinya: ኢሳይያስ ኣፍወርቂ; born February 2, 1946) is an Eritrean politician. He became the first (and only) President of Eritrea in 1993.


Switchfoot

Switchfoot is an American alternative rock band from San Diego, California. 

Switchfoot was formed in 1996 by lead singer Jon Foreman, his brother Tim and Chad Butler. They originally named the band Chin Up. The band was signed to Re:think Records by Charlie Peacock. 

The band released their debut album "The Legend of Chin" on June 17, 1997. Their second studio album "New Way to Be Human" was released on March 11, 1999. Their third album "Learning to Breathe" was released on September 26, 2000 and received a Grammy nomination in 2001 for "Best Rock Gospel Album". On February 25, 2003, they released their third album "The Beautiful Letdown". "Nothing Is Sound" was released on September 13, 2005 and "Oh! Gravity." was released on December 26, 2006 in North America and January 1, 2007 in the United Kingdom. Their newest album "Vice Verses" was released on September 27, 2011.

They are currently working on their ninth studio album "Fading West" which is scheduled to be released on January 14, 2014. The album is also accompanied with a documentary of the same name by the band. The movie was shown during the first concert they performed of their Fading West Tour, and it was released digitally on December 10, 2013.




Luis Liberman

Luis Liberman Ginsburg (born 1 August 1947) is a Costa Rican businessperson and politician. He became the Second Vice President of Costa Rica in 2010. He was elected in February 2010 on the ticket with President Laura Chinchilla and First Vice President Alfio Piva.

Andrus Ansip

Andrus Ansip (born 1 October 1956) is an Estonian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Estonia from 2005 to 2014. He is chairman of the market liberal Estonian Reform Party ().

Hailemariam Desalegn

Hailemariam Desalegn Boshe () (born 19 July 1965) is an Ethiopian politician. He became Prime Minister of Ethiopia in July 2012 after the death of then-Prime Minister Meles Zenawi. He resigned on 15 February 2018 after mass protests and civil unrest.

Epeli Nailatikau

Brigadier General Ratu Epeli Nailatikau, CF, LVO, OBE, MSD, KStJ, (born 5 July 1941) is a Fijian chief and politician. He became the President of Fiji on 5 November 2009. He left office in 2015. In 2019, he became the 2nd Speaker of the Parliament.

Frank Bainimarama

Commodore Josaia Voreqe Bainimarama, CF, MSD, OStJ, Fijian Navy, known commonly as Frank Bainimarama and sometimes by the chiefly title "Ratu" (born 27 April 1954) is a Fijian naval officer and politician. He became the Prime Minister of Fiji in January 2007, and remained in office until December 2022.


Jyrki Katainen

Jyrki Tapani Katainen (born 14 October 1971) is a Finnish politician. He was the Prime Minister of Finland from June 2011 to June 2014. He is also the chairman of the National Coalition Party.


Colada morada

Colada morada (Spanish for "dark purple strained") is a traditional Ecuadorian drink. It is prepared with black corn flour and fruits such as naranjilla, babaco, pineapple, blackberries, strawberries, and blueberries (which give it its color). The drink is sweetened with cane sugar. It is served hot.

Audrey Totter

Audrey Mary Totter (December 20, 1917 – December 12, 2013) was an American actress. She worked for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as a contract star. Totter was known for her role on "Medical Center".

Totter died of a stroke in Los Angeles, California on December 12, 2013, aged 95.


Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne

Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne is a real-time strategy video game. It is published by Blizzard Entertainment. It is the expansion set of "". It was released in 2003. 

All races (The Undead, Night Elves, Humans, Orcs) have one more Hero (Crypt Lord, Warden, Bloodmage, and Shadow Hunter). Moreover, there is the Tavern in most new maps. Players can hire neutral heroes from there. There is the Beastmaster, Dark Ranger, Firelord, Goblin Tinker, Goblin Alchemist, Naga Sea Witch, Pandaren Brewmaster, and Pit Lord.

All races have their own shops.

All races have new units. The Undead now have Obsidian Statue, Destroyer, Skeletal Mage, and Carrion Beetle for their new armies. The Night Elves acquire Mountain Giant, Faerie Dragon, Avatar of Vengeance, and Sprit of Vengeance for their new armies. The Humans acquire Spell Breaker, Dragonhawk Rider, and Phoenix for their new armies. The Orcs acquire Berserker, Spirit Walker, and Troll Batrider for their new armies. 

Upkeep System takes the form of a tax on player's Gold mining that is automatically deducted from all Gold players get. The upper limit of this system is increased. Low Upkeep becomes 50 from 40. High Upkeep becomes 80 from 70.

The costs of all units and buildings are reduced in price.


Pope Leo VI

Pope Leo VI (??? − February 929) was pope of the Roman Catholic Church from June 928 until February 929 when he died. 

Tradition tells that he was a member of the Sanguini family. Before being elected, he was the cardinal-priest of the church of Santa Susanna in Rome.

He died on 15 March 931 in Rome and was buried in St. Peter's Basilica. He was succeeded by Pope Stephen VII.

Korea University Museum

Korea University Museum is in Seongbuk-gu, Seoul, South Korea. It was established in 1934 as the first university museum in Korea. When it was first established there used to be a separate university museum building. But in 2005, Korea University Museum was moved to the Centennial Memorial Samsung Hall which is on the right side of the main gate. The museum is divided into four floors including the basement floor. There are five exhibition halls including Centennial Hall, History Folklore Hall, Contemporary & Modern Art Hall, Donation Hall and Special Exhibition Hall.

On the first floor is the Centennial Hall, which introduces the 100 years of Korea University. This hall is divided into four parts including the history of Korea University, two theme rooms and a theater room which shows the past and history of Korea University.

History Folklore Hall is on the second floor displaying ceramics, Buddhist art of Korea, calligraphy and paintings. The History Folklore Hall is divided into two rooms: Joseon Dynasty Room and Ancient Art Room. Joseon Dynasty room is divided into five parts displaying cultural relics of Joseon Dynasty: the earth and the sky of Joseon, life of Joseon, patterns of Joseon, social system of Joseon, life of Min Yeong-hwan and Yu Kil-chun. Ancient Art Room displays ceramics, Buddhist art, and traditional paintings of  Goguryeo, Baekje, Silla, Goryeo and Joseon.

The Contemporary & Modern Art Room, which exhibits the paintings and sculptures of Korea's modern art, is on the third floor. The Contemporary & Modern Art Room displays the modern art of Korea which shows the influence of Western art techniques. This room presents the transfiguration of Korean traditional paintings.

Also, the Donation Hall is on the third floor exhibiting the relics which were donated to the university museum.

The Special Exhibition Hall, which is open occasionally for special displays, is in the basement floor. Special exhibitions are held three to four times every year.

Korea University Museum possesses approximately one hundred thousand relics including three National Treasures, which are Honcheonsigye, Donggwoldo and Buncheong ware. Also, the traditional Korean paintings by Sim Sa-jeong, Jeong Seon and Kim Hong-do and modern arts by Park Su-geun, Whanki Kim and Yi Eungro are in display. The museum displays various relics of all times in fields of history, archaeology, folklore and art, continuously developing a variety of exhibitions and education for public.

Honcheonsigye is a celestial globe clock created by Song I-yeong in 1669. The clock has an armillary sphere with a diameter of 40 cm. Unlike Chinese astronomical clock, it could measure the accurate time by observing the whole movement of universe. It is the only remaining astronomical clock from the Joseon Dynasty. An image of the clock's sphere is shown on the reverse of the 2007 issued 10,000 won banknotes.

Donggwoldo literally means "Painting of Eastern Palace." The painting depicts the Eastern Palaces, Changdeokgung and Changgyeonggung in 19th century. "Donggwol" is an alternative name of Changdeokgung, which means it is located to the East of the main royal palace of the Joseon dynasty,Gyeongbokgung. The palaces in this painting were depicted elaborately in details so its value as the reference of Joseon Dynasty's palace arrangement is great.

Buncheong ware or  Punch'ong ware, is a type of celadon in grayish blue color. It is a style of Korea's traditional stoneware, which emerged in the middle era of Joseon Dynasty. It started to lose its popularity after 16th century with the appearance of white porcelains. Korea University Museum owns a special Buncheong ware which was a jar to contain the placenta of Royal Family in Joseon Dynasty.


Poitou

Poitou was a province of France of west-central France whose capital city was Poitiers.
There is a marshland called the Poitevin Mar on the Gulf of Poitou, on the west coast of France, just north of La Rochelle and west of Niort.

Many of the Acadians who settled in what is now Nova Scotia beginning in 1604 and later to New Brunswick, came from the region of Poitou. After the Acadians were deported by the British beginning in 1755, a number of Acadians eventually took refuge in Poitou and in Québec. A large portion of these refugees also migrated to Louisiana in 1785 and following years became known as Cajuns.



Kristubhagavatam

Kristubhagavatam is a mahakavya (an epic poem) written in Sanskrit. It is based on the life of Jesus Christ. It was written by Mahakavi P. C. Devassia. Devassia was a Sanskrit scholar from Kerala, India.

Pope John VII

Pope John VII (650 – 18 October 707) was pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 1 March 705 until 18 October 707 when he died. 

His father was Plato was a curator of the Palatine Hill. This makes him the first pope to be the son of a Byzantine official.

He had bad relations with the Quinisext council of 692 but had good relations with the Lombards, who had ruled much of Italy at the time. Liber Pontificalis criticized Pope John VII for not signing Canons which were really unpopular in Italy at the time.

Liber Pontificalis said: 

He died on 18 October 707 and was buried in Chapel of the Blessed Virgin Mary. He was succeeded by Pope Sisinnius.

World Trade Center site

The World Trade Center site refers to the area of land in Lower Manhattan in New York City, that hosted both the original and new World Trade Centers. The land was originally underwater. The first World Trade Center complex of buildings stood on the site until it was destroyed in the September 11 attacks. The new World Trade Center complex is mostly complete and is built on the site. The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey owns most of the land. The site is overseen by Studio Daniel Libeskind, Silverstein Properties, and the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation.

On the morning of September 11, 2001, two airplanes were captured by terrorists close to al-Qaeda and crashed into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center. The towers fell within two hours after the crashes. Nearly 3,000 people died in the attacks. After the attacks, hospital workers and police offers began calling the site "Ground Zero".

When the towers fell, they caused dust to spread in New York City, and left hundreds of thousands of tons of debris at the site. The New York City Fire Department separated the site into four areas to make cleanup of the site and the search for people who survived the attack easier. Early on, it was said that the debris at the site would take a year to get rid of, but cleanup ended in May 2002. Building materials and debris from Ground Zero were sent to the Fresh Kills Landfill in Staten Island.

In December 2001, a viewing area at Fulton Street, between Church Street and Broadway, was opened to the public.

On March 11, 2002, six months after the attacks, the Tribute in Light, a memorial with two beams of light shooting straight up into the sky, began. It was lit up every day at dusk until April 14, 2002. After that, it was lit up for the second anniversary of the attacks, on September 11, 2003. It has been lit up every September 11 since then.

The new World Trade Center complex will have the following buildings:
Soon after the September 11 attacks, Mayor Rudy Giuliani, Governor George Pataki, and President George W. Bush said that they would rebuild the World Trade Center. On the day of the attacks, Giuliani said, "We will rebuild. We're going to come out of this stronger than before, politically stronger, economically stronger. The skyline will be made whole again." During a visit to the site on September 14, 2001, Bush spoke to a crowd of workers through a megaphone. A person in the crowd shouted, "I can't hear you," to which Bush replied, "I can hear you. The rest of the world hears you. And the people who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon."

In an address to Congress, the president said, "As a symbol of America's resolve, my administration will work with Congress, and these two leaders, to show the world that we will rebuild New York City." However, 20 years after the attacks, only four buildings, One World Trade Center, 3 World Trade Center, 4 World Trade Center and 7 World Trade Center, have been rebuilt. One building, One World Trade Center, is currently under construction.

In November 2001, Governor Pataki started the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation (LMDC) to oversee the rebuilding of the World Trade Center. The LMDC leads federal help in the rebuilding, and works with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Larry Silverstein, and Studio Daniel Libeskind. It also communicates with the local community, businesses, the city of New York, and the families of the people who were killed in the September 11 attacks.

A memorial, "Reflecting Absence", honors the people killed in the September 11 attacks and the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. It was designed by Peter Walker and Israeli-American architect Michael Arad. It has a field of trees with the footprints of the original towers. The footprints are filled with pools of water. It opened on the tenth anniversary of the attacks, on September 11, 2011.

On October 12, 2004, the LMDC announced that Gehry Partners LLP and Snøhetta, an architectural company from Norway, would design a performing arts center and museum at the site. It is a museum and a visitors' center for the site. The museum opened in 2014.

An episode of CBS's "60 Minutes" in 2010 was about the lack of work done at Ground Zero. It focused on how most of the buildings did not have a date for completion, the main building, One World Trade Center (originally called the Freedom Tower), having gone through three different designs, and the delays and high amount of money that went into the rebuilding. Larry Silverstein said that the entire site would be completed in 2037, and that billions of dollars have been spent on rebuilding the site, even though Ground Zero "is still a hole in the ground." During an interview for the episode, Silverstein said, "I am the most frustrated person in the world...I'm seventy-eight years of age; I want to see this thing done in my lifetime." However, it was said in early 2011 that a lot of work has been done on the site, with all five buildings under construction. All of the buildings will be completed between 2012 and 2016. Criticism of the work being done at Ground Zero was made in 2008 and 2009, when there was no work being done at the site.


River Humber

The River Humber is a large deep water estuary on the east coast of Northern England. It is formed by the River Ouse and the River Trent coming together. From here to the North Sea (about 40 miles) it forms part of the border between the East Riding of Yorkshire on the north side and Lincolnshire on the south side. The Humber's only modern crossing is the Humber Bridge. At one time it the longest single-span suspension bridge in the world. Now it is the fifth longest. Before the bridge was built in 1981, paddle steamers were used to cross the mile long span.

In the middle ages the tides of the Humber kept armies from crossing. At that time it was thought to be an arm of the ocean. During the Anglo-Saxon period, the Humber was a major boundary, separating Northumbria from the southern kingdoms. The name Northumbria came from Old English "Northanhymbre" meaning "the people north of the Humber". The Vikings used the Humber and its two tributaries, the Ouse and Trent, with their shallow-draft Longships to raid all over northeastern England.

Fort Paull was a Napoleonic era fort built in 1542 to protect the port there. The site dates back to 910 when it was a lookout for Viking raiders. The current fort is designed as a pentagon and was built from 1861–1864. It was disarmed at the beginning of the First World War and replaced by two nearby forts. One was on Sunk Island; the other was at Stallingborough. In 1960 the fort was finally closed down. But in 1964 a group of volunteers took over the fort and made it into a Museum.


France Roche

France Roche (2 April 1921 – 14 December 2013) was a French actress and screenwriter. She appeared in 17 movies between 1951 and 1979. She died on 14 December 2013 from natural causes, aged 92.

Ali Bongo Ondimba

Ali Bongo Ondimba (born Alain Bernard Bongo; February 9, 1959) is a Gabonese politician. He was the President of Gabon from 16 October 2009 until he was deposed on 30 August 2023.

On 7 January 2019, soldiers in Gabon launched a coup d’etat attempt. The coup attempt failed, and the government successfully re-asserted control.

In October 2018, he was hospitalized due to a stroke in Riyadh. In August 2019, Bongo was hospitalized in London and his health was said to be deteriorating.

In October 2021, Ali Bongo is quoted in the “Pandora papers”, these documents on the use of offshore companies in tax havens, Ali Bongo would have been the beneficiary of two companies now dissolved.

On 30 August 2023, military forces, led by high-ranking officers, took control of key government buildings, communication channels, and strategic points within the capital Libreville. During a televised address around ten military personnel announced the end of Bongo's regime, citing "irresponsible, unpredictable governance" that had led to "a continuous degradation of social cohesion, risking pushing the country into chaos." They announced the annulment of the 2023 Gabonese general election and the dissolution of state institutions, as well as the closure of the country's borders.


Raymond Ndong Sima

Raymond Ndong Sima (born 23 January 1955) is a Gabonese politician. He is the curren Prime Minister of Gabon since September 2023. He was Prime Minister previously from February 2012 to January 2014.

Yahya Jammeh

Yahya Abdul-Aziz Jemus Junkung Jammeh (; born 25 May 1965) is a Gambian politician. He became the president of The Gambia in 1994.


Vano Merabishvili

Ivane "Vano" Merabishvili (; born 15 April 1968) is a Georgian politician. He became Prime Minister of Georgia on 4 July 2012. His term ended after his resignation on 25 October 2012.

Bidzina Ivanishvili

Bidzina Ivanishvili (, also known as Boris Ivanishvili; born 18 February 1956) is a Georgian businessman and politician. He became the Prime Minister of Georgia on 25 October 2012. He resigned his position as Prime Minister on 20 November 2013.

Irakli Garibashvili

Irakli Garibashvili (, also transliterated as Gharibashvili) (born June 28, 1982) is a Georgian politician and former business executive. He became Prime Minister of Georgia on 20 November 2013. He resigned as prime minister on 23 December 2015. He became prime minister again in 2021. On January 29, 2024, he announced his resignation and announced that he would become leader of the ruling Georgian Dream party.

Giorgi Margvelashvili

Giorgi Margvelashvili (; born 4 September 1969) is a Georgian educator and politician. He served as President of Georgia from 17 November 2013 to 16 December 2018.

John Mahama

John Dramani Mahama (; born 29 November 1958) is a Ghanaian politician. He became President of Ghana in July 2012. He succeeded John Atta Mills after his sudden death.

In 2020, Mahama unsuccessfully ran for president again but lost to incumbent president Nana Akufo-Addo.

John Atta Mills

John Evans Fiifi Atta Mills (21 July 1944 – 24 July 2012) was a Ghanaian politician, a lawyer, a legal scholar, a tax expert and a sports administrator. He became President of Ghana after he was elected in 2009. He died on 24 July 2012 from throat cancer.

Jack McBrayer

Jack McBrayer (born May 27, 1973) is an American comedic actor. He became famous after appearing many times on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien". He won some Emmy Awards. He starred as the title character, Wander, in the Disney Channel original series "Wander Over Yonder". He also appeared in the films such as "Despicable Me" (2010), and other.

McBrayer was born in Macon, Georgia, and moved to Conyers, Georgia when he was 15. He studied theater administration at the University of Evansville, worked at The Second City and IO Theater (1995–2002), an experience that introduced him to "30 Rock" creator Tina Fey and prepared him "100%" for his role on her show.

He is also good friends with actress Tina Fey.



Karolos Papoulias

Karolos Papoulias (, 4 June 1929 – 26 December 2021) was a Greek politician. He was the 6th President of Greece from 2005 to 2015. He was the Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1985 to 1989 and from 1993 to 1996.

Papoulias died on 26 December 2021 in Athens at the age of 92.

George Papandreou

Georgios A. Papandreou ( born 16 June 1952) is a Greek politician. He became Prime Minister of Greece from October 2009. His term ended in November 2011. 

His father Andreas was Prime Minister in the 1980s and again in the middle 1990s. His grandfather Georgios was also Prime Minister of Greece in the middle 20th century.


Antonis Samaras

Antonis Samaras (; born 23 May 1951) is a Greek politician. He became Prime Minister of Greece and Leader of New Democracy. He last served as the Minister of Finance in 1989, then Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1989 to 1990, and again from 1990 to 1992. His term as prime minister ended on 26 January 2015 when he was succeeded by Alexis Tsipras.

Gimpo

Gimpo is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. Administrative districts are 3 Eup, 3 Myeons, and 6 Dongs. About 300,000 people live in this city. There are several attractions in this city such as Moonsoo Sanseong, Jangreung, and Deokpojin. Now it has six sister cities, Shinmin City, Hatek City, Liberty County, Glendale city, Sangju city and Haenam-gun.

In 1914, the three Goons (Gimpo, Yangcheon, and Tongjin) were integrated to become Gimpo Goon. In 1963, Yangdong and Yangseo Myeons were incorporated into Seoul City. In 1979, Gimpo Myeon was elevated to Eup. In 1983, Tongjin Myeon was newly established (1 Eup and 8 Myeons). In 1998, Gimpo Goon Elevated to Gimpo City (3 Dongs and 6 Myeons). In 2003, Three Dongs of Gimpo were separated into Sawoo Dong and Poongmoo Dong. In 2012, Janggi Dong was newly established (3 Eup, 3 Myeons, and 5 Dongs) and has been developed into Gimpo Hangang new town.

Area: 





This mountain fortress located on Mt. Moonsoo (376m). It is designated Historical remains No. 139. It is the fortress built in the 20th year of Joseon’s 19th King Sookjong’s reign (1694) to ward off foreign enemies from the sea and protect Ganghwa-do.

It contains the graves of the Wonjong, fifth son of Seonjo and Queen Inheon of the Joseon Dynasty.

It is assumed to have been an important military strategic. It was established during the reign of King Seonjo of the Joseon Dynasty who experienced invasions of Japanese.



Carlyle Glean

Sir Carlyle Arnold Glean, GCMG (11 February 1932 – 21 December 2021) was a Grenadian politician. He became Governor-General of Grenada on 27 November 2008 until 7 May 2013.

Glean died on 21 December 2021, at the age of 89.

Cécile La Grenade

Dame Cécile Ellen Fleurette La Grenade, GCMG, OBE, PhD (born 30 December 1952) is a Grenadian food scientist and politician. She became Governor-General of Grenada in May 2013. La Grenade was sworn-in as Governor-General of Grenada on 7 May 2013 as the nation's first female Governor-General.


Keith Mitchell

Keith Claudius Mitchell (born 12 November 1946) is a Grenadian politician. He became Prime Minister of Grenada in February 2013. He also served as Prime Minister from 1995 to 2008. He was the longest serving Prime Minister Grenada has ever had, holding the office for just over 13 years. He lost re-election in 2022 to Dickon Mitchell.

Tillman Thomas

Tillman Joseph Thomas (born June 13, 1945) is a Grenadian politician. He became Prime Minister of Grenada from 2008 to 2013. He has been the leader of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) since 2000.


Alpha Condé

Alpha Condé (born 4 March 1938) is a Guinean politician. He became the President of Guinea. He began his term as President in 2010. The president before him was Sékouba Konaté. The news reported he may have been bribed by a mining company.

Condé was arrested and removed from power on 5 September 2021 by members of the Republic of Guinea Armed Forces.

On December 9, 2022, the US Treasury published a list of more than forty personalities targeted by sanctions for acts of corruption and human rights violations. Among the targets of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the financial control body of the Treasury Department is Alpha Condé..

Mohamed Said Fofana

Mohamed Said Fofana (born 1952) is a Guinean politician. He was the Prime Minister of Guinea from 2010 to 2015. He began his term as Prime Minister in 2010. His predecessor was Jean-Marie Doré.

Manuel Serifo Nhamadjo

Manuel Serifo Nhamadjo (25 March 1958 – 17 March 2020) was a Guinea-Bissauan politician. He was the acting President of Guinea-Bissau from May 2012 to June 2014. His predecessor was Mamadu Ture Kuruma.

Nhamadjo died on 17 March 2020 in Lisbon, Portugal at the age of 61.

Rui Duarte de Barros

Rui Duarte de Barros is a Guinea-Bissauan politician. He was Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau since December 2023. He was previously acting Prime Minister from May 2012 to July 2014.

Donald Ramotar

Donald Rabindranauth Ramotar (born 22 October 1950) is a Guyanese politician of the People's Progressive Party. 

He was President of Guyana from 2011 to 2015. His predecessor was Bharrat Jagdeo.

Sam Hinds

Samuel Archibald Anthony "Sam" Hinds (born 27 December 1943) is a Guyanan politician. He was several times Prime Minister of Guyana. Last time from 1999 to 2015. He was also briefly President of Guyana, in 1997.

Michel Martelly

Michel Joseph Martelly (born 12 January 1961) is a Haitian politician, former musician, and businessman. He became the President of Haiti in May 2011. His predecessor was René Préval. His stage name was Sweet Mickey. He resigned on 10 February 2016. 

Laurent Lamothe

Laurent Lamothe (born 14 August 1972) is a Haitian politician and businessman. He was the Prime minister of Haiti from 16 May 2012 to 14 December 2014.

Porfirio Lobo Sosa

Porfirio Lobo Sosa (born 22 January 1947) also known by his nickname, Pepe Lobo, is a former Honduran politician. He was President of Honduras from 2010 to 2014.

János Áder

János Áder (born 9 May 1959) is a Hungarian politician. He became the President of Hungary in May 2012. He left office in May 2022.

Yutu (rover)

The Yutu or Jade Rabbit is a Chinese six wheeled rover vehicle built to travel on the Moon. It landed on the Moon in December 2013, and made its first trip on 14 December 2013. It weighs 120 kg and can travel at a speed of 200 metres per hour. It stopped moving after 42 days and stopped communicating after two years.

The Chinese landing on the Moon was the first soft landing since 1976. It is part of China's Chang'e-3 space program which uses the Long March 3B rocket. The Jade Rabbit carries a range of scientific equipment including a radar system which will be able to examine the ground beneath the surface.

The vehicle's name was picked on an online poll in China. The Jade Rabbit comes from an old Chinese mythology story about the lunar goddess Chang'e, who had a pet rabbit.

Obdurodon tharalkooschild

Obdurodon tharalkooschild is an extinct species of platypus in the genus "Obdurodon". Only one single tooth has been found. This was at the Miocene fossil beds in Riversleigh in Queensland, Australia.

The tooth was discovered in 2012 by a team from the University of New South Wales including Mike Archer, Suzanne Hand, and Rebecca Pian. 

The species lived during in the middle and upper Miocene about 5–15 million years ago. Wear on the tooth shows that it probably crushed hard shells such as those of turtles. Because of this, scientists believe that "O. tharalkooschild" was carnivorous. They also believe that it was twice the size of the modern platypus at one metre long. Its name was chosen in honour of an indigenous Australian creation story for the platypus, where a duck named Tharalkoo gives birth to a strange and fantastic creature after being ravished by a water-rat.

Power system protection

Power system protection is part of an electric power system. It protects an electrical network from faults by isolating the faulted parts from the healthy parts. This keeps the power system working as much as possible.


Taipei Songshan Airport

The Taipei Songshan Airport () is an airport for commercial and military in Taipei, Taiwan.

For the commercial part, the name of the airport is Taipei International Airport (). For the military part, the name is Songshan Air Force Base ().

IEC 61850

The IEC 61850 is a technical standard in the design of the automation of electrical substations. The standard specifies several protocols.

Current transformer

A current transformer (CT) is a transformer used to measure alternating current. CT is a part of instrument transformer. CT is used to measure current in a circuit when the current magnitude is too high to be measured safely. It is commonly used in power metering and power system protection.

Production line

A production line is a sequence of tasks (or operations) done in a factory. The tasks process materials to make a useful product. An example is an assembly line, used in manufacturing.

Production lines were introduced with the development of the steam engine. It depended less on the power source.

Distribution board

A distribution board is a component of an electrical system. It separates the power supply into several circuits in an enclosure. It provides each circuit with its protection system by using a fuse or circuit breaker.

Electrical enclosure

An electrical enclosure is a cabinet used to hold electrical equipment. It keeps the equipment safely separated from people to prevent electrical shock.

Materials used for electrical enclosure are usually made from strong plastic or metal.

Partial discharge

A partial discharge (PD) is an electric discharge that breaks through a small portion of the insulation between two conductors. A discharge is when electrical charge that has accumulated is suddenly released (like a spark). A partial discharge does not completely cross the insulation between the two conductors, only a small portion of it in one area. It may happen under the stress of high voltage. It is caused by a small opening (void) inside the insulating material. The insulating material can be either solid or fluid. The charge passing through this insulation is called electrical breakdown.

TLC: Tables, Ladders &amp; Chairs (2013)

TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs (2013) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on December 15, 2013 at the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas. It was the fifth TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs event held by the WWE.


Tim Waterstone

Sir Timothy John Stuart "Tim" Waterstone (born 30 May 1939 in Glasgow, Scotland) is the founder of Waterstones. Waterstones sells books in 288 stores and on the Waterstones website. There are Waterstones shops in the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Belgium and Ireland.

In 1973, Waterstone started working at W.H. Smith. He was fired in 1981. He started Waterstone's in 1982. The name was later changed to Waterstones.

Decomposition

Decomposition, or rotting, is what happens to livng things when they die. It also happens to organic material of any kind, such as foodstuffs. The reason it happens is that organic molecules are stores of building blocks and energy. Whatever breaks down organic material uses the energy and building blocks to reproduce itself.

One whole kingdom of living things does nothing except break down organic material: the fungi. Their life style is called 'saprophytic', because they break down and intake organic matter through their cell walls.

A large part of decomposition is done by microbes, especially bacteria. Also common is digestion of flesh by maggots. If insects lay eggs, maggots hatch and begin to feed on the body's tissues.

Lastly, decomposition can take place by inorganic processes. All organic materials break down over time because they are in higher energy states than ordinary inorganic materials. 

Tokyo DisneySea

Tokyo DisneySea is a theme park at Tokyo Disney Resort in Urayasu, Chiba, near Tokyo. 

Tokyo DisneySea opened in 2001, and it was the second theme park opened at Tokyo Disney Resort, following Tokyo Disneyland which opened in 1983, following the near competition of WhiteWater World. Also, it is the ninth park of the Disney theme parks. Tokyo Disneysea is 176 acres (71.22ha) large, slightly bigger than Tokyo Disneyland. It is next to the sea. There is a large lake in the middle of the park. Tokyo DisneySea and Tokyo Disneyland are owned by The Oriental Land Company They are the only Disney parks in the world not owned by The Walt Disney Company.

The concept of Tokyo DisneySea is different from other Disney parks. The Walt Disney Company had planned to build a new water-themed park in Long Beach, California. However, because of its financial crisis caused by Euro Disney project, the idea was passed on to The Oriental Land Company, which licenses Disney characters and themes from The Walt Disney Company. They decided to build DisneySea in Tokyo, where people hold the sea sacred. Tokyo DisneySea is more for adults, unlike Tokyo Disneyland which is more for kids. Both are family parks, but Tokyo DisneySea includes faster and scarier rides and facilities targeted to more mature people.

Tokyo DisneySea is divided into seven themed ports. The seven ports have different themes related to Disney movies or originally created by Disney. Six ports are laid out roughly around the center, and the center area is one of the ports which is called Mysterious Island. Instead of Cinderella Castle that is the icon of most Disney parks, there is Mount Prometheus on the center of Mysterious Island which is the icon of Tokyo DisneySea. In the entrance plaza, there is a huge model of the earth with a water fountain. It is called the DisneySea AquaSphere and it is the symbol of Tokyo DisneySea.


Pope Stephen VII

Pope Stephen VII (??? − 15 March 931) was pope of the Roman Catholic Church from February 929 until 15 March 931 when he died. 

He was elected by Marozia from the Tusculani family, as a stop-gap measure until her own son John was ready. Before being elected, he was the cardinal-priest of St Anastasia in Rome.

He died on 15 March 931 in Rome and was succeeded by Pope John XI.

Korean Broadcasting System

The Korean Broadcasting System(KBS; Hangul: 한국방송공사; Hanja: 韓國放送公社; Hanguk Bangsong Gongsa) is one of the biggest South Korean television networks. It was established in 1927. KBS headquarters are in the Yeouido district of Seoul.

The purposes of KBS can be divided into 3 parts.

KBS started the country's first radio broadcasting service in 1927 as Kyeongseong Broadcasting Corporation (JODK). After liberation, it changed the name to Seoul Central Broadcasting Station in 1947. It launched Korea's first television broadcasting service in 1961.

A system of public broadcasting was established in 1973. For reinforcement of public management, 1TV and Radio1 have not run a commercial since October 1994. First broadcasting HD programs in 2001, KBS completely changed to digital broadcasting in 2012. There are 18 regional stations and 11 overseas branches. There are eight subsidiary companies such as KBSN, KBS Business and KBS Media, which manage KBS content.

KBS is run by public funds from the South Korean government.


Caffe Bene

Caffe Bene is a coffee franchise in South Korea. It was founded in May 2008. The founder and CEO of Caffe Bene is Kim Sun-kwon, who has Italian-themed restaurants named Black Smith and drug stores named "December 24" as well. The head office of Caffe Bene is in "Cheongdam-dong", "Gangnam-gu", Seoul. In 2009, Caffe Bene started to gain brand recognition by promoting through the soap opera celebrities such as "Han Ye-seul", and "Choi Daniel". The brand’s first-ever overseas store opened in New York in February, 2012, introducing drinks based on Korean traditional beverages such as the "misugaru" latte, a drink made of mixed grain powder. In August, 2013, Caffe Bene grew to over one thousand stores. 

Caffe Bene’s goal is to open 10,000 stores by 2020.

Caffe Bene is different from other stores. Inside the stores there is hardwood and a blue color. It tries to make a relaxed atmosphere in European style. It also has outlets for laptop computers at built-in chairs.

Caffe Bene opened a new store in Ulaanbaator, Mongolia on December 15, 2013. For this, Caffe Bene signed a franchise agreement with a local bakery enterprise named "Monbakery". It is on the first floor of Max-mall in Ulaanbaator. It covers and has 42 seats for customers.

In January, 2014, the second store is planned to open in Ulaanbaator.

Caffe Bene plans to open more shops in the United States and China. They have 87 stores in China and plan to have 1,000 by 2014. Caffe Bene is also in other Asian countries including Japan, Cambodia and the Philippines, and the Middle East. Caffe Bene recently signed a partnership with Saudi Arabia-based KEDEN Group to start shops in Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, United Arab Emirates and Bahrain. 

Caffe Bene plans to open 100 shops in the region within five years.

Deira

Deira (Brittonic: "Dubro" or "dyfr") was a kingdom in Northern England. The Anglian people living there were known as the "Dere". Deira occupied the area that was later called the East Riding of Yorkshire. Deira was one of two early Anglian kingdoms north of the River Humber; the other being Bernicia, their northern neighbor. In the early 7th century they combined to become the kingdom of Northumbria. 

In Roman Britain Deira was separated from Bernicia. The two had a broad area between them where no one lived. The Romans had small defensive works in this area to protect the route to Hadrian's Wall. It was a kind of no man's land after the Angles arrived. Deira first came under the control of the Angles in 560 under their leader Ella. He conquered the Britons in Deira in 581. Deira was still blocked from northward expansion by Bernicia. To the west they were blocked by the last remaining British kingdom of any size, Elmet. King Athelfrith of Bernicia united the kingdoms of Deira and Bernicia into Northumbria. In 617 Edwin of Deira defeated Elmet and expelled their king, Cerdic. Deira and Bernicia were separated again briefly after the death of King Oswald of Bernicia. His brother Oswiu of Northumbria inherited the kingship of Bernicia but did not control Deira until 651. From that time until 867, Deira was treated as a of Northumbria. In 867 the Vikings took control of Deira.


Six World Trade Center

Six World Trade Center was an eight-story building in Lower Manhattan, New York City. It was part of the original World Trade Center complex of buildings. It was opened in 1973. It served as the U.S. Customs House for 28 years.

On September 11, 2001, the building was badly damaged from the fall of the North Tower (WTC 1) of the World Trade Center during the 9/11 attacks. The building was demolished later that year.


Fish processing

Fish processing has to do with fish and fish products between the time fish are caught or harvested, and the time the final product is delivered to the customer. It also refers to the time when fish are caught in wild fisheries or harvested from aquaculture or fish farming.

Vinny Griffin

Vinny Griffin is a fictional character in the television comedy show "Family Guy". Vinny replaces Brian after his death in the episode "Life of Brian". In the episode "Christmas Guy", Stewie meets another version of himself and steals his time pad. He goes back in time to save Brian, causing Stewie not to meet Vinny. Vinny has an Italian accent and is kind to the Griffins. He was last seen in "Christmas Guy". He was voiced by Tony Sirico.

Naver

Naver is a brand of South Korea’s Internet portal service. 

Naver Corporation stated working since 1999 and it is considered as popular search portal in South Korea, which holds a market share of over 70% since 2011. “Naver” is a combination of the words “navigate” and the suffix, “-er”. It means ‘a human’ who navigate Internet. Also, it is similar to the English “neighbor”. Naver Corporation listed on KOSDAQ (Korean Securities Dealers Automated Quotations) in September 2002 and transferred to KOSPI (Korea Composite Stock Price Index) in November 2008. 

Naver was launched in June 1999 by the Naver Corporation. In August 2000, Naver serviced the “Comprehensive Search”. In July 2000, Naver Corporation was merged with Hangame which is an online game portal. So they changed their name to NHN. It means “Next Human Network”. They still used the brand name of portal service, which is Naver. In 2002, Naver serviced “Knowledge Search”. This service had a great vogue among Korean Internet users. In 2005, Naver added a blog service. In August 2013, NHN was undergone split off Naver Corporation and NHN Entertainment (formerly ‘Hangame’). Since then, Naver Corporation has managed ‘Naver’.

Naver provides not only a search service but also various other services. The popular services are ‘Junior Naver’, which is a portal site aimed at children and ‘Happy Bean’, which is an online donation portal. Also Naver has acquired many Internet service companies. In 2006, Naver acquired a search company ‘1noon’. They acquired ‘me2day’, a micro blog website and ‘Wingbus’, a tour guide website in 2009. Also they established some subsidiary companies. In 2007, they established NHN Japan. It was changed to LINE Corporation in April 2013. Also they established ‘Camp Mobile’, the mobile exclusive affiliated company in March 2013.


SkyTeam

SkyTeam is the world's second largest airline alliance. Its headquarters are on the grounds of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol near Amsterdam, Netherlands. SkyTeam was founded or established in 2000 by five airlines, Aeroméxico, Air France, Delta Air Lines, and Korean Air. It was the last of the three major airline alliances to be established after Star Alliance and Oneworld. Though it was the last of three airline alliances to be established it is second only behind Star Alliance by number of passengers and number of member airlines. As of December 2013, SkyTeam is made up of 19 airlines from five continents, and operates with the slogan ""Caring more about you"".

SkyTeam flies to more than 1,000 destinations in 178 countries, and operates some 15,200 daily flights with a combined fleet of over 4,300 aircraft, including associate carriers. , the alliance and its members had a total workforce of 452,590; furthermore, it had 530 lounges worldwide to serve 569 million annual passengers.

Founding member. 



Busbar

A busbar (or bus bar) is a strip of metal used to conduct electricity within an electrical substation, distribution board, electric switchboard or other electrical equipment. A busbar is usually a flat or hollow piece of copper, brass or aluminium. It allows heat to be released quickly because of its relatively large surface area.

Electric switchboard

An electric switchboard is an electrical device that directs electricity from one place to another. It is usually in the form of electrical panel in an enclosure, which contains switches for such purposes.

One of the more common configurations for an electric switchboard is a series of interconnected electrical panels. Each of the panels in turn features a series of switches that make it possible to control the flow of electricity. Making use of the switches, it is possible to adjust the voltage that is transmitted to connected devices, ensuring that the flow is not sufficient to cause damage to the circuitry. From this perspective, the electric switchboard can be viewed as a way of enhancing the safety of using electricity in the operation of various appliances, machinery, and other devices.

Contactor

A contactor is an electric device to switch an electric circuit. It is controlled electrically for it to switch on or switch off the circuit. It has a relatively high current rating. The control circuit usually has much lower power level than the switched circuit. 


Motor soft starter

A motor soft starter is a device used in an electric motor to smooth out the starting of the motor. This is done by lowering the load, torque and current.

Tap changer

A tap changer is a component of a transformer. It controls the transformer's output voltage by adjusting its winding ratio within some range of step levels. The tap changer can be done manually or automatically and either when the transformer is energized (On Load Tap Changer; OLTC) or when it is off (Off Circuit Tap Changer; OCTC).

Variable-frequency drive

A variable-frequency drive (VFD) is a device used to control the speed and torque of an AC motor by changing the motor input frequency and voltage.

VFDs are used for many things that range from small appliances to large mining motors and compressors.

Black start

Black start is the process to start up in a power station from zero, without the help of power from the grid connected to the station. 

Usually, a power station uses its own set of electrical generator to start the plant. This is a diesel generator called the Black start diesel generator (BSDG). This powers up all electrical panels which control the station.

Ray Price

Noble Ray Price (January 12, 1926 – December 16, 2013) was an American country music singer, songwriter and guitarist. Some of his famous songs were "Release Me", "Crazy Arms", "Heartaches by the Number", "For the Good Times", "Night Life", and "You're the Best Thing That Ever Happened to Me". He was elected to the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1996 and—even into his late 80s—continued to record and tour. 

Price died at his home in Mt. Pleasant, Texas on December 16, 2013 from pancreatic cancer.


Can't Hold Us

"Can't Hold Us" is a song by American rapper Macklemore and producer Ryan Lewis. It is from their album "The Heist" (2012). The music video is nominated for Best Music Video at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards in 2014. It was released on August 16, 2011. The song also features actress Susannah Wetzel, who sings portions of the chorus alongside Ray Dalton.

Kowtow

Kowtow, which is borrowed from "koutou" in Mandarin Chinese. It is a traditional prostration common in Eastern Asia. It means kneeling and bowing one's head to the ground. Kowtow is used in showing respect to parents or gods, or as a form of punishment by the parents when one has done something wrong. In the Qing Dynasty of China, the main usage of kowtow was to show respect and loyalty to the king.

Nowadays, people seldom kowtow and bow to others instead. However, in some Chinese weddings, the couple kowtow to the parents. At some schools in Taiwan, students still have to kowtow to thank their teachers.

Switchboard

A switchboard is usually a set of switches. The word can refer to different things:


Miro (wrestler)

Miroslav Barnyashev (; born December 25, 1985) is a Bulgarian professional wrestler, former rower, and former powerlifter. He currently works for the All Elite Wrestling (AEW) where he wrestles under the ring name Miro. 

During his time in AEW, he has been a one-time AEW TNT Champion.

He is also known for his time in the WWE where he was a two-time WWE United States Champion. He used to compete under the ring name Alexander Rusev earlier in his main roster and NXT career but later dropped the Alexander. He is the first Bulgarian to have wrestled for WWE.

Before becoming a professional wrestler, Barnyashev became a professional rower. He was also a powerlifter and was considered for the Bulgarian national powerlifting team in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

He was signed by the WWE in April 2011 and competed for their developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW). He defeated Mike Dalton in his first televised match on the July 17, 2011 episode of FCW.

Shortly after he debuted in FCW, he tore both his anterior cruciate ligament and his meniscus and spent six months rehabilitating. When he returned to the ring, he suffered a broken neck which temporarily paralyzed his arm. While he was rehabilitating his injury, he traveled to Thailand and studied Muay Thai.

FCW was rebranded into NXT Wrestling and he began wrestling on NXT on the May 30, 2013 episode when he competed in an 18-man battle royal to determine who would become the number one contender to the NXT Championship. He was eliminated by Mason Ryan. He returned and had a televised match on the August 21, 2013 episode of WWE NXT (recorded on July 11, 2013), which he lost to Dolph Ziggler.

He began to be accompanied to the ring by Sylvester Lefort as his manager. He formed a tag team with Scott Dawson named "The Fighting Legionnaires" and stopped having Lefort as his manager when he attacked Lefort during a tag team match on the October 30 episode of WWE NXT. He later started having Lana manage him instead.

He debuted on the main roster on January 26, 2014 at the Royal Rumble. He entered the Rumble at #6 and was eliminated by Kofi Kingston, CM Punk, Cody Rhodes, and Seth Rollins. After not appearing for several months, he returned on the April 7 episode of "Raw" alongside Lana where he squashed Zack Ryder.

In May 2014, he adopted the gimmick of a Russophillic, anti-American. It saw him announced that he had relocated to Russia and was named "Hero of the Russian Federation". In the same month, The WWE shortened his ring name to simply "Rusev". He began feuding with Big E, whom he defeated in multiple bouts at Payback on June 1 and at Money in the Bank on June 29.

On November 3, 2014, Rusev defeated Sheamus on the post-"Raw" special and won his first WWE United States Championship.

On September 9, 2020, Miro made his debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

On the May 12 episode of "Dynamite", Miro defeated Darby Allin to win the AEW TNT Championship. During his reign, he had the gimmick of a man with a god complex and called himself "God's Favorite Champion". He would later lose the title to Sammy Guevara on the September 29 episode of "Dynamite".




Riders on the Storm

"Riders on the Storm" is a 1971 jazz and rock ballad from The Doors. This song has the sound of thunder and rain. It was on the album "L.A. Woman". The song peaked at #14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at #22 in the United Kingdom. It was recorded in autumn 1970.

Martin Rodbell

Martin Rodbell (December 1, 1925 – December 7, 1998) was an American Biochemist and molecular endocrinologist. 

He is best known for discovering G proteins. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1994 for "discovery of G-proteins and the role of these proteins in signal transduction in cells.". He shared the prize with Alfred G. Gilman.

He died on December 7, 1998 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina from multiple organ failure.

Marie Dressler

Leila Marie Koerber (or Marie Dressler; November 9, 1868 - July 28, 1934) was a Canadian and American actress. She was born in Ontario. She acted in movies and on stage. Her movies include "Tillie's Punctured Romance" (1914), "Min and Bill" (1930). She won an Academy Award for Best Actress for "Min and Bill".

Dressler died of cancer at age 65.

Callanish Stones

The Callanish stones ( or ) are near the village of Callanish (Gaelic: Calanais) on the west coast of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides (Western Isles of Scotland).

The site was built between 2900 and 2600 BC, though there were possibly earlier buildings before 3000 BC. A tomb was later built into the site. The 13 primary stones form a circle about 13 m in diameter, with a long approach avenue of stones to the north, and shorter stone rows to the east, south, and west. The overall layout of the monument recalls a distorted Celtic cross. The individual stones vary from around 1 m to 5 m in height, with an average of 4 m, and are of the local Lewisian gneiss.

The first written reference to the stones was by Lewis native John Morisone, who in c. 1680 wrote that "great stones standing up in ranks [...] were sett up in place for devotione".

The tallest of the stones marks the entrance to a burial cairn where human remains have been discovered. An excavation campaign in 1980 and 1981 showed that the burial chamber was a late addition to the site, and that it had been modified a number of times.

Reply 1997

Reply 1997 (Hangul:응답하라 1997) is a Korean television series about two childhood friends, their friends, and family. The story moves back and forth between their past high school lives in 1997 as 18-year-olds, and their present high school reunion in 2012. It was aired on cable channel tvN from July 24 to September 18, 2012. 

This cable drama depicts the place and time of the story in detail. The background of the television serial is Busan, so most of the conversations between the characters are spoken in Busan dialect. It recreates the lives of Koreans in the late 1990s. Shi-won, the main character, is a huge fan of H.O.T, one of the first generation idol groups. She represents the fan culture of those days. Also, the latest styles and electronic appliances (which are old-fashioned in the eyes of modern-day audiences) of the times are shown to add the sense of reality. Moreover, most pieces of the background music used in the scenes are the popular songs of the 1990s. As a result, viewers got nostalgic feelings and a sense of humor. "Reply 1997" was influential in the rise of retro trend across the whole society.

The sensational attention to the cable drama resulted in average ratings of 7.55% in the last episode. The success led to the production of its spin-off "Reply 1994", which was broadcast from October 18, 2013 on tvN.


Gardens by the Bay

Gardens by the Bay is an horticultural theme park south of Marina Bay in Singapore. Opened in June 2012, Gardens by the Bay is made up of three waterfront gardens: Bay South (54 hectares), Bay East (32 hectares) and Bay Central (15 hectares). It is a part of Singapore's plan to become a "City in a Garden”. Singapore wants to be a leader in Asia in environmental sustainability and landscape architecture.

In January 2006, Gardens by the Bay began an international master plan design competition to get world-class ideas for the Gardens. The competition attracted more than 70 entries sent by 170 firms, from over 24 countries, including 35 from Singapore. Grant Associates and Gustafson Porter, both from UK, were awarded the master plan design for the Bay South and East Gardens in September 2006. 

Gardens by the Bay, a 101-hectare horticultural attraction, contains 250 thousand rare plants in domed conservatories. There are two distinctively different conservatories: the Flower Dome and the Cloud Forest, designed by Wilkinson Eyre Architects. Both are planned for sustainable cycles in energy and water throughout Bay South Garden. The conservatories are the biggest climate-controlled greenhouses in the world and aim at creating cool growing environments in a pair of glasshouses.

Bay South Garden opened to the public on 29 June 2012. It is wide, the largest of the three gardens.

The conservatory complex at Gardens by the Bay, Singapore, is made up of two cooled conservatories – the Flower Dome and the Cloud Forest. They are situated along the edge of Marina Reservoir. The conservatories, designed by WilkinsonEyre and Grant Associates, are intended to be an energy-efficient showcase of sustainable building technologies and to provide an all-weather edutainment space within the Gardens. Both are very large (around ) and the Flower Dome is the world's largest columnless glasshouse.

The Flower Dome is the largest greenhouse in the world as listed in the 2015 Guinness Book of World Records at and has a cool-dry mediterranean climate. It features a changing display, the flower field, and eight other gardens, namely The Baobabs, Succulent Garden, Australian Garden, South African Garden, South American Garden, Olive Grove, California Garden and the Mediterranean Garden. These eight gardens exhibit exotic flowers and plants from the Mediterranean and semi-arid regions from five different continents.

Here is the list of some plants growing in the Flower Dome:

The Cloud Forest is higher but slightly smaller at . It replicates the cool moist conditions found in tropical mountain regions between and above sea level, found in South-East Asia, Central- and South America. The conditions are also simulated by misting which occurs every two hours.

The Cloud Forest features a "Cloud Mountain". It is accessible by elevator and is completely covered in epiphytes such as orchids, ferns, peacock ferns, spike- and clubmosses, bromeliads and anthuriums. The design was inspired by the Maiden Hair Fungus and consists of a number of levels, each with a different theme, including The Lost World, The Cavern, The Waterfall View, The Crystal Mountain, The Cloud Forest Gallery, The Cloud Forest Theatre and The Secret Garden.

The following is a partial list of plants growing in the Cloud Forest:



Korea Train eXpress

Korea Train eXpress (KTX) is South Korea's high-speed railway system, operated by Korail. According to "the Rules of High-Speed Railway Construction" in South Korea, high-speed railway is defined as a railway train that is traveling at a speed of 200 km/h or more in major section and it is designated and notified by Minister of Construction and Transportation.

The construction of high-speed railway began in June 30, 1992, and KTX services were launched on April 1, 2004, making South Korea the world's fifth country after Japan, France, Germany, Spain, and China to develop a high-speed train running above 300 km/h. The total length of railway is 410 km and it links Seoul and Pusan. The major stations between the two cities are Gwangmyeong, Cheonan, Asan, Daejeon, Daegu, Gyeongju, and Busan.

Top speed for trains in regular service is currently 305 km/h (190 mph), though the infrastructure is designed for 350 km/h (217 mph). The initial rolling stock was based on Alstom's TGV Reseau, and was partly built in Korea. The domestically developed HSR-350x, which achieved 352.4 km/h (219.0 mph) in tests, resulted in a second type of high-speed trains now operated by Korail, the KTX Sancheon. The next generation KTX train, HEMU-430X, achieved 421.4 km/h in 2013, making South Korea the world's fourth country after France, Japan and China to develop a high-speed train running on conventional rail above 420 km/h.

Along with the Seoul-Busan axis in 1970s, more than half of the population and GDP of South Korea were concentrated, and 70% of freight traffic and 66% of passenger traffic were concentrated on this axis either, which cause traffic congestion. So, the government saw the pressing need for solution to this problem. The first proposal for a second Seoul-Busan railway line originated from France and Japan which already joined in Korean metropolitan subway business. After that, the Ministry of Territory and Transportation outsourced it research to KAIST, which was committed from 1978 to 1981. The study came to conclusion that building double track railway on Seoul-Busan line is needed and a high-speed passenger railway is advisable for a new railway. A plan for construction of high-speed railway on Seoul-Daejeon line was adopted in the 5th Korean Five Year Plan.

However, it took 10 years more to initiate the project of construction of high-speed railway. The public opinion was formed that several feasibility studies should be done because the project needed lots of money. Also, because of preparation for the Seoul Olympic in 1988, the government suffered from narrow resources. However, one of candidates for the presidency presented the High-speed railway project as election pledge, and the project began in earnest after he became president. In 1989, the institutions to manage its preparation were established: the Gyeongbu High Speed Electric Railway & New International Airport Committee, and the High Speed Electric Railway Planning Department. In 1991, the law for Korea High-Speed Railway Construction Authority was proclaimed, and the project started to be governed by the corporation.

Hur Jun (TV series)

Hur Jun is a biographical drama about Hur Jun, a doctor and author of "Dongui Bogam". It was produced and broadcast by the South Korean TV channel MBC from 1999 to 2000. It got 63.5% viewer rating in Korea. Thanks to its success, the Korean traditional medicine industry developed. It was aired by Kurdsat in 2012. Thanks to the great success in Iraq, Jun Kwang-ryul, the actor of Hur Jun, visited Iraq.

This is a story of origin of Dongui Bogam and the author, a legendary royal doctor of Joseon Dynasty. Hur Jun was in a very low social position under Joseon law at the time. As a result, he suffered a tough life when he was young. He met Da-hee who was an upper class but a child of a traitor. She is only one since her father had died. Hur Jun made a decision to run away with her, though, they failed. Thus, the couple got married in exile. 

They moved to Saneum where he met Yoo I- Tae, the best doctor in Jeosun. Thanks to the chance to meet him, Hur Jun got interested in Korean medicine. He eventually became Yoo’s pupil to study medicine. Increasing knowledge of medicine made him a better doctor. He met Ye-Jin who is an assistant of Dr. Yoo with a lot of knowledge of a medicine usage. They were getting interested in each other. 

Through a stormy experience, he passed a test for the medical officer. Due to his low position and high level of medical skill, he got many rivals. However, he was steadily moving up the ranks in the Imperial Hospital. In 1601, Hur Jun finally published Dongui Bogam a medical book with the help of royal doctors.

Hur Jun - The main character of Hur Jun. He is a royal physician during reign of King Seonjo of Joseon Dynasty. in Korea. He wrote "Dongui Bogam"

Yoo Ui Tae – a Doctor during of reign King Seonjo. He taught Hur Jun into a skillful doctor.

Yoo Do Ji – Yoo Ui Tae’s son and assistant. He and Hur Hun were rivals in life. 

Ye Jin – Yoo Ui Tae’s assistant. She loves Hur Jun, thouh, The fact that Hur Jun had a wife deterred her from loving Hur Jun.

Gyrwas

Gyrwas (also called Gyrwe) was the name of an early Anglo-Saxon people. They lived mainly on the western edge of the grassy wetlands called the Fens in eastern England. They were divided into two tribal groups; the northern Gyrwas and the southern Gyrwas. This is how they were recorded in the Tribal Hidage.

The name Gyrwe means 'fen-dweller'. The territory of the Gyrwas included Lindisfarne, Hatfield, Nottinghamshire, Northern Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, and as far south as Peterborough in Northamptonshire. The area around Jarrow was in their territory as well. The Fens supplied the Gyrwas with fish and but they lived on the drier lands and islands nearby.

The Gyrwas had their own leaders as late as the first half of the 7th century. Bede records a Tondbert, "priceps" of the South Gyrwas. He asked for the hand in marriage of Etheldreda, the daughter of King Anna of East Anglia. Tondbert died shortly after the wedding and Ethelreda was then given in marriage to Ecgfrith of Northumbria. and leaders of tribes like the Gyrwas probably did not claim descent from ancient Germanic gods, as many kings of the did. But they were of high enough status to marry Anglo-Saxon royalty.

For a time the territory of the Gyrwas formed a between the Mercians and the East Anglians. The Gyrwas were later absorbed into Middle Anglia. 

Linear regression

Linear regression is a way to look at how something changes when other things change using math. A linear regression uses a dependent variable and one or more explanatory variables to create a straight line. This straight line is known as a "line of regression". 

Linear regression was the first of many ways of performing regression analysis. This is because models which depend linearly on their unknown parameters are easier to fit than models which are non-linearly related to their parameters. Another advantage of linear regression is that the statistical properties of the resulting estimators are easier to determine.

Linear regression has many practical uses. Most applications fall into one of the following two broad categories:

Linear regression models try to make the vertical distance between the line and the data points (that is, the residuals) as small as possible. This is called "fitting the line to the data." Often, linear regression models try to minimize the sum of the squares of the residuals (least squares), but other ways of fitting exist. They include minimizing the "lack of fit" in some other norm (as with least absolute deviations regression), or minimizing a penalized version of the least squares loss function as in ridge regression. The least squares approach can also be used to fit models that are not linear. As outlined above, the terms "least squares" and "linear model" are closely linked, but they are not synonyms.

Linear regression is the main analytical tool in economics. For example, it is used to guess consumption spending, fixed investment spending, inventory investment, purchases of a country's exports, spending on imports, the demand to hold liquid assets, labor demand and labor supply.


Pope Boniface V

Pope Boniface V (??? – 25 October 625) was pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 23 December 619 until 25 October 625 when he died. He played a significant role in the Christianization of England. He enacted a decree that designated churches as places of refuge for criminals.

After over a year of vacancy, he replaced Pope Adeodatus I. He was described by Liber Pontificalis as "the mildest of men", whose chief distinction was his great love for the clergy. He died on 25 October 625 and was buried in St. Peter's Basilica. He was succeeded by Pope Sisinnius.

Zero tolerance

The term zero tolerance refers to automatic punishment for even mild violations of certain rules. The policy forbids any consideration of how or why it happened. It is mostly applied to minor offenses by homeless people, and the disorders associated with them. It is also sometimes used in schools, the military and businesses.

The first recorded use for the term was 1972, though it might have been used earlier. In certain schools, zero tolerance applies to any knife regardless of its type. Credible evidence, though, does not support zero tolerance rules having positive effects. In fact, suspensions may result in embarrassment to schools and students or even bad publicity. The policy has been criticized for violating Law Enforcement Codes.

Pacific plate

The Pacific plate is a tectonic plate beneath parts of the Pacific Ocean.


Note the Ring of Fire zones on the ocean's edges. The oldest seafloor is destroyed by going down into the Asian oceanic trenches. The oldest part disappearing this way is early Cretaceous (145 to 137 million years ago).

All maps of the Earth's ocean floor geology show ages younger than 145 million years. This is only about 1/30 of the Earth's 4.55 billion year history.

Millie Jackson

Mildred "Millie" Jackson (born July 15, 1944) is an American R&B singer and songwriter. She released her first album in 1972. In 1974 Jackson was nominated for a Grammy Award. In 2000 she sung on some songs for the soundtrack of a French movie called "Comme un aimant". In 2008 she played Claudette in a movie called "Soul Men". 

Jackson has a daughter called Keisha Jackson. She is also a singer.

Her

Her is a 2013 science fiction romance drama movie set in Los Angeles. The movie was released just before Christmas 2013 in certain United States areas and January 2014 with wide release.

It is about a man that gets obsessed with a female voice from a computer system. Joaquin Phoenix plays the man and Scarlett Johansson plays Samantha, the female artificial intelligence voice. Olivia Wilde plays a blind date.


!!!

!!! is a dance band. Their name is usually said as 'Chk Chk Chk'. It can not be searched for on Google unless it is written like that. They started in 1996 in Sacramento, California. They have released five albums. Nic Offer is the singer. !!!'s fifth album, "THR!!!ER", was released on April 29 2013. 

The band's first album "'!!!" was released in 2001 on Gold Standard Laboratories.


TV Tropes

TV Tropes, also called Television Tropes and Idioms, is a wiki that collects tropes seen in movies, television shows, video games, books, and other media. It started in 2004. It originally covered only television and movie tropes, but has since added other media such as books, comics, video games, advertisements, and toys. Unlike other wikis such as Wikipedia, it covers tropes in a casual and funny way.

TV Tropes started by focusing on the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". It has since added other television series, movies, books, plays, professional wrestling, video games, anime, manga, comic strips, and books, fan fiction, and other subjects, including Internet works such as Wikipedia, which is called "The Other Wiki" on the website. It also describes topics such as science, philosophy, politics, and history under its Useful Notes section.

The site has pages on series and tropes. A page on a work has a summary of what the work is about, as well as the tropes that are seen in the work. Trope pages are the opposite of articles on works: after describing the trope, it lists the trope's appearances in different media. For example, the page for the antihero trope has a list of works that have different types of antiheroes.

Trope pages are usually created through a system called "You know that thing where ... ", YKTTW, where other users, who are called "tropers", can give examples or suggest ideas to make the page better. While a trope page does not have to go through YKTTW before it is created, it is suggested that a page goes through the system first so that the page can be made better before it is created.

Ryan Callahan

Ryan Callahan (born March 21, 1985 in Rochester, New York) is an American professional ice hockey right winger. He currently plays for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He started his hockey career in the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League. He played 3 games with the Syracuse Jr. Crunch and 1 seasons with the Buffalo Lightning. He also played in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) with the Guelph Storm for 4 seasons. He was drafted by the New York Rangers with the 127th overall pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He played one season with the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League (AHL) before being called up to the Ranger's main roster. On September 12, 2011, Callahan was named the captain of the Rangers.

On March 5, 2014, the Rangers traded Callahan along with a 2015 first-round draft pick, and a conditional 2014 second-round pick to the Tampa Bay Lightning for Tampa Bay captain Martin St. Louis.

Biphobia

Biphobia is the fear of or bad treatment of bisexual people. Biphobia is different from homophobia. Members of the LGBTQIA+ community can be biphobic as well as cisgender heterosexual people can be biphobic. Bisexual people may feel like their sexual orientation is less real than that of a monosexual (person who is attracted to one gender). This is internalized biphobia.

A biphobic stereotype is that bisexual people have more sex than monosexual people. Some people associate bisexuality with polyamory. Bisexual women may be called nymphomaniacs. Another belief is that bisexuality does not exist. Some people think that bisexual people are heterosexual or homosexual people who are confused.

In May 2013 the results of the European Union lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender survey were released. They found that bisexual people are discriminated against at work more than gay men.

Goldfrapp

Goldfrapp is an English electronic music duo, Alison Goldfrapp and Will Gregory. They found in 1999. They have released six studio albums. In 2005 their single "Ooh La La" reached number four in the UK Singles Chart.

In 1999 Goldfrapp were signed to Mute Records. In 2000 they released their first album "Felt Mountain". Pitchfork gave the album a score of 8 out of 10. It reached number 57 in the UK Albums Chart. In 2003 Goldfrapp's second album "Black Cherry" was released. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 19. In 2005 their third album "Supernature" was released. The album went straight to number two in the UK. It was nominated for Best Electronic/Dance Album at the 2007 Grammy Awards. In Februar 2012 Goldfrapp released "The Singles". The album has twelve of Goldfrapp's singles from earlier albums and two new songs. In 2014 Goldfrapp will nine concerts in the UK.


Oneworld

Oneworld (marketed as oneworld) is an airline alliance. It was founded in 1999. As of October 2017, Oneworld is the third-largest global alliance. It carried more than 527.9 million passengers, behind SkyTeam (630 million) and Star Alliance (762 million). Its headquarters are in New York City, United States. Its slogan is, ""An alliance of the world's leading airlines working as one.""

Founding member <br>
Inactive member since August 2010. 


Nouri al-Maliki

Nouri Kamil Mohammed Hasan al-Maliki (born 20 June 1950) is an Iraqi politician. He was the Prime minister of Iraq from May 2006 to August 2014. His predecessor was Ibrahim al-Jaafari.

Living with Michael Jackson

Living with Michael Jackson is a two-hour-long television movie about the pop star Michael Jackson. In it a British journalist called Martin Bashir asked Jackson questions. The movie was made between May 2002 and January 2003. It was shown first in the United Kingdom on 3 February 2003 on ITV. More than 15 million people watched it. It was shown in the United States on 6 February 2003 on ABC. 38 million people watched it. 

"Living with Michael Jackson" starts at Jackson's Neverland Ranch. They go to the Giving Tree. This is a tree where Jackson got inspiration for his songs.
There was a confidentiality agreement. This meant that Jackson did not talk about the 1993 child molestation allegations against him in the movie.
In the programme Jackson told Bashir that he had "slept in a bed with many children". He said that this was a "beautiful thing" and was not sexual. He held hands with a 12-year-old boy. Martin Bashir said that Neverland Ranch was a "dangerous place for children". After the programme was shown Thomas W. Sneddon started a criminal investigation about Jackson. Gavin Arvizo, the boy who Jackson held hands with in the movie, said that Jackson hebephilically molested him when he was 13 years old, after the documentary was on television. In 2005 the People v. Jackson trial began. After four months Jackson was found not guilty of all 10 charges.

On 23 February 2003 "The Michael Jackson Interview: The Footage You Were Never Meant to See" was shown on Fox. In it there were interviews with people who were not in "Living with Michael Jackson". These included Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe. In the video Bashir also said that he thinks it is wonderful that Jackson allows children to come to Neverland.

Jackson's lawyers wrote to the Independent Television Commission and the Broadcasting Standards Commission saying that he was "unfairly treated".


Bío Bío River

The Biobío River (also known as Bío Bío or Bio-Bio) is a river in Chile. It is the second largest river in Chile. The river starts at Icalma and Galletué in the Andes, Araucanía Region. The river flows 380 km to the Gulf of Arauco on the Pacific Ocean.


Radical feminism

Radical feminism is a type of feminism. Radical feminists are sometimes called 'radfems'. Famous radical feminists include Andrea Dworkin, Catharine MacKinnon, Valerie Solanas,and Alice Walker. Radical feminists say that society is a patriarchy. In patriarchy, men have more social power than women. They harm women by oppressing them. Liberal feminists want to be equal to men. Radical feminists realise that they can never gain equality without getting rid of patriarchy entirely. This is so that women will not be oppressed. This is different than , who think that women's oppression is caused by economic conflict, not patriarchy. Radical feminism says that BDSM, and gender roles should not exist, because they are part of the patriarchy. Radical feminists do not believe in buying and selling sex acts, which is called prostitution. Radical feminists also believe in ending rape and domestic violence.

In 1967 a group called New York Radical Women was started by Carol Hanisch, Shulamith Firestone and Robin Morgan. They were a group of who were unhappy with being ignored by civil rights and antiwar groups that were led by men.

In September 1968 they did a protest at the Miss America Pageant in Atlantic City, New Jersey. They put symbols of female oppression including bras, copies of "Playboy" magazine, and girdles in a trash can. 

In 1969 New York Radical Women broke up. A new radical feminist group called Redstockings was started in 1969 by Ellen Willis and Shulamith Firestone.

In the 1980s the Feminist Sex Wars happened. The Feminist Sex Wars were fights between radical feminists who said that porn, sex work, and BDSM are bad, and sex positive liberal feminists, who said that those things can be feminist. Radical feminism is associated with the second wave of feminism. This ended in the 1990s. Since then radical feminism has been less popular. The third wave of feminism is liberal. Some of the women who started radical feminism have died. However, radical feminism still has influence. In 2012 a book by Julia Long, "Anti-Porn: The Resurgence of Anti-Pornography Feminism" was published.

In 1979 "The Transsexual Empire: The Making of the She-Male", a book by a radical feminist called Janice Raymond, was published. In the book Raymond said that trans women all "rape women's bodies by reducing the real female form to an artifact, appropriating this body for themselves." The RadFem2012 conference would not let in transgender women. Radical feminists may call themselves 'transcritical' or 'gender-critical'.

Another reason people do not like radical feminism is because they may think radical feminists are "man-haters". This is because of an author named Valerie Solanas. In 1967 Valerie Solanas wrote the SCUM Manifesto. SCUM was Society for Cutting Up Men. She wrote in it that women should get rid of the male sex. Solanas tried to kill Andy Warhol. She also shot Mario Amaya.

Radical feminism has been criticized for being anti-sex. An example of this is the work of Andrea Dworkin. Andrea Dworkin published a book in 1987 called "Intercourse". In the book she wrote about how heterosexual sex and pornography is oppressive to women. It is often thought that "Intercourse" argues that "all heterosexual sex is rape" even though Andrea Dworkin did not say this. Dworkin wrote two books against pornography, "Pornography - Men Possessing Women" and "Pornography and Civil Rights: A New Day for Women's Equality".

Radical feminists have been criticized by sex workers who do not want to lose their jobs. Sex workers may disagree with radical feminists who say that if you are paid to have sex then it is rape. Anti sex work radical feminists are sometimes called SWERFs (Sex Work Exclusionary Radical Feminists).

Andrea Dworkin

Andrea Rita Dworkin (September 26, 1946 – April 9, 2005) was an American radical feminist and writer. Dworkin wrote ten books about radical feminism. She was most famous for saying that pornography hurts the women who participate in it and makes men who watch it believe harmful things about women. Her two most well known books are "Pornography: Men Possessing Women" (1981) and "Intercourse" (1987). In 1986, Dworkin's first novel "Ice and Fire" was published.

Dworkin was born in Camden, New Jersey. She was raised in a Jewish household. In sixth grade she started writing poetry. In 1965 Dworkin was arrested during an anti-Vietnam War protest at the United States Mission to the United Nations. She was sent to the New York Women's House of Detention.

Dworkin's first feminist book "Woman Hating" was published in 1974. "Our Blood: Prophesies and Discourses on Sexual Politics" was published in 1976. In 2000 "Scapegoat: The Jews, Israel And Women's Liberation" was published. The book was inspired by a visit Dworkin made to Israel in 1988. The book compares the oppression of Jews to the oppression of women. In the book Dworkin says that women should have their own homeland like Jews have Israel.

Dworkin was a lesbian. Dworkin married Cornelius (Iwan) Dirk de Bruin in 1967. In 1971 they divorced. In 1998 she married John Stoltenberg. Stoltenberg is openly gay. In 1999 Dworkin was raped in Paris. Dworkin died in Washington, D.C. when she was 58 from myocarditis.

Barry Gibb

Sir Barry Alan Crompton Gibb (born 1 September 1946) is a British-American singer, songwriter, and record producer who rose to worldwide fame as the founder of the British-Australian pop group Bee Gees. With his brothers, Robin and Maurice Gibb, Gibb formed a songwriting partnership beginning in 1966. In 2004, he was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire. In June, 2018, Barry was officially knighted by Prince Charles, which allows Barry to use the title Sir. Barry has dual British/US citizenship.

Barry Gibb was born on 1 September 1946 on the Isle of Man, a British Crown Dependency in the Irish Sea. He formed his first band, in 1955. His younger twin siblings, Robin and Maurice were also members of this group. After moving to Australia, the Gibb brothers renamed their band, the Bee Gees.

Gibb released his first album with the Bee Gees, "The Bee Gees Sing and Play 14 Barry Gibb Songs", in 1965. It did not chart. In 1967, after returning to England, the Bee Gees released their first charting album "Bee Gees' 1st". In 1979 the Bee Gees released their only number one album "Spirits Having Flown". Gibb released "Now Voyager" in 1984. "Shine, Shine" was released as the album's second single. It reached number 37 in the "Billboard" 200. Gibb made the soundtrack for the movie "Hawks". In 2011 "All In Your Name", a song Gibb sung with Michael Jackson, was released as a single.

Survivor Series (1996)

Survivor Series (1996) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 17, 1996 at Madison Square Garden in New York City. It was the tenth Survivor Series event held by the WWF.


Survivor Series (1995)

Survivor Series (1995) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 19, 1995 at USAir Arena in Landover, Maryland. It was the ninth Survivor Series event held by the WWF.


Survivor Series (1994)

Survivor Series (1994) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 23, 1994 at Freeman Coliseum in San Antonio, Texas. It was the eighth Survivor Series event held by the WWF.


Intermittent energy source

An intermittent energy source is an energy source whose supply is not always continuous. Their energy can be stored to use at another time. For example, solar energy can heat water. Windmills can charge a battery. Also, sources that can be controlled can supply power when the intermittent source cannot.


Girl's Day

Girl's Day () is a four-member South Korean girl group formed by Dream Tea Entertainment in 2010. The group members are Sojin, Minah, Yura, and Hyeri. Girl's Day started as a five-member girl group with Sojin, Minah, Jisun, Ji-In, and Jihae. After Jisun and Ji-In left, Yura and Hyeri became members. They reason why they left the group is that Jisun is going to study music more and Ji-In wants to act. Jihae wanted to concentrate on studying. 

As soon as they released their mini-album "Girl's Day Party 1" on July 9, they were caught in controversy because they didn't sing well on their first stage on "Music Bank". Later, they were recognized as a good group. After Jisun and Ji-in left, the new members released their first digital single album, "Girl's Day Party 2". A song from this album, "Nothing Lasts Up", was popular because they not only showed good singing ability but also danced well. 

In March 2011, they released the third digital single album, "Girl's Day Party 3". "Twinkle Twinkle" (), which is the title song of this album, made Girl's Day popular. Girl's Day won the first prize of the charts for the first time. Also, the dance of this song which is called "Mam Mam Ma dance" became famous. In September 2011, they released "Girl's Day party 4" for their fans. In October 2012, Jihea announced that she was leaving the group. Then they released "Girl's Day Party 5". The title song of this album is "Don't forget me", which people liked. 

In March 2013, they released their first regular album "Expectation". "Expectation", which is the title song of this album, got success. Also, they re-released the album with a song named "Female president". The music video of "Female President" got a favorable reputation. The dance of this song become famous.

Samsung Lions

Samsung Lions is a South Korean professional baseball team. It is one of the first 6 teams which joined the Korean professional baseball league in 1982. The team is based in Daegu and plays at Daegu baseball stadium. The mascot of this team is a lion called Bleo. 
Samsung Lions is the only team which has won a season without the Korean Series by attaining a unified win both in the first half and second half in 1985. Even though the team played in the Korean Series six times from 1980s to 1990s, it ended up six-time runner-ups in 1982, 1984, 1986, 1987, 1990, and 1993. 
In 2001, as an attempt to win the Korean Series, Samsung Lions hired Kim Eung-Ryong as the manager, who had won the Korean Series 9 times in Haitai Tigers. After a runner-up season in 2001, finally, Samsung Lions defeated LG Twins in the 2002 Korean Series. The team won the Korean Series again in 2005 and 2006 under the manager, Sun Dong-Ryul.

In 2011, Samsung Lions won the Korean series defeating SK Wyverns and became the first Korean team which has won the Asian series. By beating Doosan Bears in the 2013 Korean series, it also became the first team which has won the Korean Series for three years in a row from 2011 to 2013. They beat Nexen Heroes in the 2014 Korean series, winning the Korean Series for four years in a row. Now, the team has won the Korean series 8 times including the season in 1985, which is the second most, following Kia Tigers, the 11-time winner. However, Samsung Lions lost to Doosan Bears in the 2015 Korean Series, and never reached the postseason from 2016 to 2020.

With the long history and stable finance, the team has many franchise stars.

Lee Man-Soo, nicknamed "Hulk",  was a catcher in Samsung Lions for 16 years from 1982 to 1997. He was named league MVP in 1983 as the first triple crown winner. His number 22 became the first retired number by Samsung Lions in 2003. 

Yang Joon-Hyuk, nicknamed "Yangshin", was a left-handed outfielder. He debuted with his shocking first season in Samsung Lions, winning Rookie of the Year in 1993. He has 9 KBO all-time No.1 records, including home runs, hits, doubles, total bases, RBI, walks, runs, games played, and at-bats. His number 10 also became the retired number by Samsung Lions. 

Lee Seung-Yeob, nicknamed "Lion King", is a retired left-handed first-baseman. Even though he played in Japan for eight years, he has been awarded five-time season MVPs, eight-time Golden Gloves, and eight-time All-stars. Especially, in 2003, he hit 56 home runs in a season, which was the Asian home-run record. In 2012, He came back to Samsung Lions from Orix Buffaloes, and was an active player until 2017.

Friend (2001 movie)

Friend is a South Korean movie released on March 31, 2001. It was made by director Kwak Kyung-taek. Jang Dong-gun and Yu Oh-seong played the lead roles in the movie. The movie is about 4 friends. It covers from their childhood to their adulthood in which they come into a conflict. The movie was almost filmed in Busan and Busan dialect became very sensational after this movie. A lot of actors and actresses in the movie are really from Busan so they have no difficulty in using Busan dialect. Even the director Kwak Kyung-taek is from Busan.

This movie was made motivated by the real experience of the director Kwak Kyung-taek and the real event. 'Sang-taek'(Seo Tae-hwa) is a character that reflects the director Kwak Kyung-taek. This movie is motivated by a real murder case that happened in Busan in 1993. 'June-seok' (Yu Oh-seong) is similar to the real friend of the director Kwak Kyung-taek, a member of a gang. 'Dong-su' (Jang Dong-gun) is similar to the boss of another gang, who is real friend of the director Kwak Kyung-taek.

In 1976, age thirteen, 'June-seok' (Yu Oh-seong), 'Dong-su' (Jang Dong-gun), 'Sang-taek' (Seo Tae-hwa), and 'Jung-Ho' (Jeong Woon-Taek) are always together and they are best friends. They have nothing to be afraid of when they are together. However, as they grow up, there comes a conflict among them. 'Dong-su' has an inferiority complex to 'june-seok' and their relationship becomes distant. When they become twenty, their lives become very different. 'Jung-Ho' and 'sang-taek' go to university. June-seok becomes a boss of a gang group after his father died, who was a boss of the group. However, 'Dong-su' becomes the member of a gang that is against to the 'June-seok's group. 'June-seok' and 'Dong-su' becomes more distant. After a few years, 'Sang-Taek' is planning to go to America to go to the graduate school. He wants to meet their friends before he leaves but nobody appears in the airport when he leaves. He has an unlucky premonition as he leaves Korea. Finally, there comes a serious conflict between 'Dong-su' and 'June-seok' after that.


I Can Hear Your Voice

I Can Hear Your Voice (Hangul: 너의 목소리가 들려) is a 2013 South Korean television series. It stars Lee Bo-young, Lee Jong-suk, and Yoon Sang-hyun. It was shown on Seoul Broadcasting System from June 5 to August 1, 2013. There were 16 episodes originally, but 2 more episodes were aired, making it 18 episodes in total.

The series is a mixed genre drama.

Park Soo-ha (played by Lee Jong-suk) is a high school boy who can read other people's minds. He got this ability at the age of 9 after he saw his father's death in a car crash. The crash was caused on purpose by the character Min Joon-guk (played by Jung Woong-in). Jang Hye-sung, (played by Lee Bo-young) an 18-year-old high school girl, was a witness of the murder and testified in court. The killer had warned her not to testify. Min Joon-guk is sent to prison. He tells Jang Hye-sung that as soon as he gets out of jail, she will be killed.

After 10 years passed Hye-sung has become a public defender. Soo-ha's first love is Jang Hye-sung. Soo-ha finds Hye-sung after searching for 10 years.

However, after meeting Soo-ha and Cha Gwan-Woo, (played by Yoon sang-hyun) Hye-sung's attitude changes. With their help, Hye-sung solves many court cases. Meanwhile, they change each others' lives.



Maurice Hilleman

Maurice Ralph Hilleman (August 30, 1919 – April 11, 2005) was an American microbiologist. He specialized in vaccinology. He developed over 36 vaccines, more than any other scientist. Of the 14 vaccines currently recommended, he developed eight: those for measles, mumps, hepatitis A, hepatitis B, chickenpox, meningitis, pneumonia and "Haemophilus influenza" bacteria. He also played a role in the discovery of the cold-producing adenoviruses, the hepatitis viruses, and the cancer-causing virus SV40.

He is credited with saving more lives than any other medical scientist of the 20th century. Robert Gallo described him as "the most successful vaccinologist in history".

At the time of his death on April 11, 2005, at the age of 85, Hilleman was Adjunct Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.

Hilleman was a forceful man who was at the same time modest in his claims. None of his vaccines or discoveries are named after him. He ran his laboratory like a military unit, and he was the one in command He terminated every subordinate who did not measure up to his standards. For a time, he kept a row of "shrunken heads" (actually fakes made by one of his children) in his office as trophies that represented each of his fired employees. He used profanity and tirades freely to drive his arguments home, and once, famously, refused to attend a mandatory "charm school" course intended to make Merck middle managers more civil. His men were fiercely loyal to him.

Hilleman was an elected member of the US National Academy of Science, the Institute of Medicine, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the American Philosophical Society. In 1988 President Ronald Reagan presented him with the National Medal of Science, the nation's highest scientific honor. He received the Prince Mahidol Award from the King of Thailand for the advancement of public health, as well as a special lifetime achievement award from the World Health Organization, the Mary Woodard Lasker Award for Public Service and the Sabin Gold Medal and Lifetime Achievement Awards.

Robert Gallo, co-discoverer of the virus that causes AIDS, once said "If I had to name a person who has done more for the benefit of human health, with less recognition than anyone else, it would be Maurice Hilleman. Maurice should be recognized as the most successful vaccinologist in history".

After Hilleman's death Ralph Nader wrote, "Yet almost no one knew about him, saw him on television, or read about him in newspapers or magazines. His anonymity, in comparison with Madonna, Michael Jackson, Jose Canseco, or an assortment of grade B actors, tells something about our society's and media's concepts of celebrity; much less of the heroic."

On October 15, 2008, Merck named its Durham, North Carolina vaccine manufacturing facility in memory of Hilleman.

Cheondoism

Cheondoism (Korean Cheondogyo; hanja 天道教; hangul 천도교; literally "Religion of the Heavenly Way") is Korean traditional religion which began during the last year of Joseon Dynasty. It was found in 1860 by Choe Je-U, the first religious sect leader of Cheondoism. At first, he named this religion Donghak, or Eastern Learning in opposition to Western Learning. In 1905, the name was change to Cheondogyo by the third leader, Son Byeong-Hui. In period of Japanese occupation, it made an effort to lead Korea's Independence Movement against Japanese colonial rule and expand it's congregation. Today, Cheondoism exerts less strong influence than before.

Cheondoism is a monotheistic religion and members believe a god called 'Hanul'. God is both transcendent and immanent in Heaven, Earth, and Man. It is not only the notion of God, but also view of human, moral, history are distinctive. When one dies, one does not go to some other-dimensional heaven, but returns to the One Being. The fundamental doctrine of the religion is that all human beings are equal because all people serve the god in their mind when born, so believers desperately oppose the hierarchy. And depending on equality for all, it insisted that children should be respected.

Cheondoism weakened by government suppression, but from the effort of second leader Si Hyung Choi. it recovered and in 1870, the number of believers extended for thousands. In 1880s, congregation was expanded to the entire Korean peninsula, and in 1890s, the religion led social movement of semi-feudalism and anti-foreign influence and this became Donghak Movement. In 1910s, it stirred up a revolution for liberation of the oppressed nation from Japanese imperialist rule.


Korail

Korail is the name of the national railroad operator in South Korea.

Currently, Korail runs the railway and part of subway. 
The list of railway consists of Gyeonbu line경부선, Honam line호남선, Jeolla line전라선, Janghang line장항선, Gyeongchun line경춘선, Jungang line중앙선, Chungbuk line경북선, Yeongdong line영동선, Taebaek line태백선,Gyeongbuk line경북선, Daegu line대구선, donghae Nambu line동해 남부선, Gyeongjeon line경전선, Gyeongui line경의선, Gyeonwon line경원선, based on their district.
Gyeonbu and Honam line is the main lines that across the South Korean Peninsula. Not only this, Korail also offers Tongguen line통근선 service in some districts. In addition to these lines, some of subway lines of Seoul also are run by Korail.

Korail train contain many kinds of train such as KTX, saemaul-ho, mugunghwa-ho and nuriro.

KTX is the highest level of trains. It is served on Gyeongbu and Honam line. 
Saemaul-ho train is next fastest and comfortable train after KTX. It is offered on wider range of lines than KTX. 
Mugunghwa-ho train is more generally used as a low-priced but slow train. It is offered on almost all lines. 
Nuriro train has similar level of price and speed with Mugunghwa-ho, but it serves less and shorter sections than the Mugunghwa-ho, from Seoul to Singchang.

Korail has many kinds of passes.

First, there are some passes available in specific area. 
For example, with O-train pass, people can take O-train off the V-train on Jungang, Chungbuk, Yeongdong, Taebaek, and Gyeongbuk line. 
Also, with S-train pass, you can take part of Gyeonbu, Honam, Jeolla, donghae Nambu, and Gyeongjeon line.

There is also a pass for youth, which is Rail-ro. People who are under 25 can use it in the summer and winter season.(June 1st - August 31th, December 31th - February 28th).

Korail offers a rail pass called Korea Rail Pass, or KR Pass for short, to foreign travellers. The pass lets foreign travellers take most of the trains that Korail runs, including KTX. But subways and tourist trains by Korail are not covered.

Foreigners living in South Korea for more than six months are not allowed to use the KR Pass. Korail has another pass for these people, the Happy Rail Pass, which is the same as the KR Pass but more expensive.

Korail also sells a Korea-Japan Joint Ticket together with JR Group, including both railways in South Korea and Japan, as well as a high-speed ferry trip between Korea and Japan (or a round trip, depending on the pass). However, the pass cannot be used for KTX, and the holders need to buy an extra ticket (with a 30% discount).


Korean mask

Korean masks have been used since the 6th century. The oldest mask in Korea is a lacquered mask that was excavated in one of the tumuli in Gyeongju. In the past, the masks were used for shamanistic ceremonies to drive away evil spirits or raise ghosts. Also, they were used for mask plays like "BongsanTalchum, SandaeNoli".

In Korea, "tal" means "mask". "Tal" is an ancient Chinese word that means a face, a tool for face, a mask, etc. The word "tal" means a "mask" and "disease" in Korea. That is why Korean masks normally represent the face of demons or monsters that cause various diseases. Ancient Korean believed that the mask of strong demons can drive weak demons out. 

Mask plays have different themes. Basic themes are biting satire, ritual dances, exorcism rites, parody of human weaknesses, social evils and the privileged class. 

A lot of "talchum", or plays, mock stereotyped of annoying personalities in the lower classes. The most distinguishing feature of the Korea mask plays is variations of specific lines in plays. According to actors and regions, the specific lines in plays can be changed. With regional variations, the mask play is usually performed on traditional holidays. 

Korean masks used in shamanistic practices were made of wood. They had several coasts of lacquer to give the masks gloss and to and waterproof them for wearing. In Korea, many people have believed that the lacquer tree can drive away evil spirits. That is why Koreans used lacquered masks. The horrifying or grotesque masks were used in shamanistic practices for their ability to evoke fear, and humor, in ceremonial rites.

Anyang, Gyeonggi

Anyang () is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. With a population about of 600,000 People, it is the 20th largest city in South Korea. It is a satellite city of Seoul and located about to south of Seoul, and to north of Suwon. It is connected to Seoul via the Seoul Subway Line 1 and Line 4.

The city has developed along the Anyang Stream, which is 32.2 km long. The city is divided into two halves; the Manan district and Dongan districts. 
The Dongan district has about 356,566 people and the Manan district has about 216,714 people. Anyang is famous for Anyang yuwonji and the Anyang art park. It has seven mountains. Mt. Suri is the most famous one. 

Hyrule Warriors

Hyrule Warriors is a video game for the Wii U console. It is a crossover between "The Legend of Zelda" and "Dynasty Warriors" series. It was developed by Tecmo Koei and Nintendo. It is a spin-off game in "The Legend of Zelda" series. It was released on August 14, 2014.

The game plays like the "Dynasty Warriors" series, using the setting and characters from "The Legend of Zelda". The player controls Link to take on a large number of enemies from "The Legend of Zelda" series and you can unlock other characters who you can also play as. The player can use weapons such as a sword and bombs, as well as Link's spin attack. Like in other "The Legend of Zelda" games, the player can get new items by finding and opening chests.

Tatsumi Fujinami

He was the innovator of both the Dragon sleeper and Dragon suplex wrestling movies. He used them as his finishing moves.

He has a son named Leona who is also a professional wrestler and made his debut on November 19, 2013.

On March 28, 2015, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Ric Flair.



Kirby: Triple Deluxe

Kirby: Triple Deluxe is a "Kirby" video game for the Nintendo 3DS console. It is the 13th platform game in the series. It was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo. It was released in Japan on January 11, 2014, in North America on May 2, 2014, and in Europe on May 16, 2014. "" is based off of this game. It released in 2016.

"Kirby: Triple Deluxe" is be a 2.5D (a type of game which plays like a 2D game, but has 3D graphics) platform game. Kirby is able to go into both the foreground and the background by using a special type of Warp Star, like in "Donkey Kong Country Returns".


Anyang (disambiguation)

Anyang () is a prefecture-level city in the north of Henan, China and the former capital of the Shang Dynasty

Anyang or An Yang may also refer to:







Linear predictor function

In statistics and in machine learning, a linear predictor function is a linear function (linear combination) of a set of coefficients and explanatory variables (independent variables), whose value is used to predict the outcome of a dependent variable. Functions of this sort are standard in linear regression, where the coefficients are termed regression coefficients. However, they also occur in various types of linear classifiers (e.g. logistic regression, perceptrons, support vector machines, and linear discriminant analysis), as well as in various other models, such as principal component analysis and factor analysis. In many of these models, the coefficients are referred to as "weights".

Dere Street

Dere Street (later "Via Regia" in Scotland) was a Roman road in Britain. It ran between Eboracum (York) and 
the Antonine Wall at Bo'ness (Veluniate), in what is now Scotland. 

Dere Street still exists as the route of major roads, including the A1 and A68 just north of Corbridge. 

Its name comes from the post Roman Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Deira, through which the first part of its route lies. It was sometimes referred to as "Watling Street" and marked on some maps as such. This can cause it to be confused with the Watling Street that linked Dover with Wroxeter.

Chris Furrh

Chris Furrh (born December 18, 1974) is an American actor. He was born in San Marcos, Texas. He is most famous for starring as Jack in the 1990 movie version of "Lord of the Flies". After "Lord of the Flies", he played the role of Nick Bankston in the 1990 television movie "A Family for Joe". He played another castaway teenager in "Exile". Furrh has since retired from acting.

Simplex algorithm

The Simplex algorithm is an algorithm which is used to solve problems of Linear programming or linear optimization. It was first used by George Dantzig in 1947, but other people like Kantorovich laid the foundations in 1939. The algorithm runs in two steps:
Step 2 is run multiple times: Each time, a given solution is improved, until this is no longer possible.

East 17

East 17 are an English boy band. They have sold 18 million records worldwide. Their first album "Walthamstow" went straight to number one in the UK. In 1994 they released the single "Stay Another Day". It was their only number one single. The band started in 1991 in Walthamstow, London with four members. 


Suicide of Amanda Todd

Amanda Michelle Todd (born November 27, 1996) committed suicide on October 10, 2012 at the age of 15 at her home in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada. She was a sophomore when she died. On September 7, 2012, she posted a video on YouTube called "My Story: Struggling, bullying, suicide and self-harm". Todd's suicide was written about in lots of newspapers. Many news websites linked to Todd's video. It had 1,600,000 views by October 13, 2012. Todd's death made people pay attention to the issue of cyberbullying. People made memorial pages for Todd on Facebook. Some people posted mean comments on them.

On her YouTube video Todd revealed that she showed her breasts on a video chat. She got a message on Facebook from a man. The message said that if Todd did not show more parts of her body then he would post the pictures he had taken of her from the video chat to the Internet. The police came to her home to tell her that photos of her were sent to "everyone". Todd then got depression and panic disorder. She started abusing alcohol and drugs. Todd was asked by a boy to come to his house. The boy had a girlfriend but he acted like he liked Todd. She went to his house. The next week the boy's girlfriend appeared at Todd's school with fifteen other people. Todd was hurt really really bad and it was filmed by people who watched. When she went home she drank bleach. People made fun of her for doing this and wrote on Facebook that they wished that she had not survived.

A 35-year-old man was charged with extortion, internet luring, criminal harassment and child pornography in connection with Todd's suicide in 2014.


Janet Rowley

Janet Davison Rowley (April 5, 1925 - December 17, 2013) was an American geneticist. She was the first scientist to identify a chromosomal translocation as the cause of leukemia and other cancers in humans.

Rowley died at the age of 88 from complications of ovarian cancer. 

Ronnie Biggs

Ronald Arthur "Ronnie" Biggs (8 August 1929 – 18 December 2013) was a British robber. He is took part in the Great Train Robbery of 1963. The robbery happened on his birthday. 

Biggs was born in Stockwell, Lambeth, London. He escaped from prison in 1965 and lived as a fugitive for 36 years. In 2001, he chose to return to the United Kingdom and spent the next eight years in prison. 

Biggs was released from prison on compassionate grounds on 6 August 2009. He died in Barnet, London, aged 84. His cause of death was not released.


HM Prison Wakefield

Her Majesty's Prison Wakefield is a Category A prison for men in Wakefield in England. Category A means that the prison is for the most dangerous criminals. It was built in 1594. It has about 740 prisoners. Harold Shipman was a prisoner there until he committed suicide in 2004. Ian Watkins was also a prisoner there.

Bruce Reynolds

Bruce Richard Reynolds (7 September 1931 – 28 February 2013) was a British criminal. He led the Great Train Robbery of 1963. At the time it was Britain's largest robbery. He stole an amount equal to £41 million today (2013). Reynolds spent five years on the run from police. He was imprisoned for 25 years in 1969. He was released in 1978. He wrote three books and performed with the band Alabama 3, for whom his son, Nick, plays.

Reynolds was born in Strand, London. He also had convictions for assault and supplying drugs.

He died in Croydon, London, at the age of 81.

Buster Edwards

Ronald Christopher Edwards (27 January 1931 – 28 November 1994), known as Buster Edwards, was a British career criminal. He was born in Lambeth, London. He was a member of the gang of the Great Train Robbery. He had also been a boxer and nightclub owner. Edwards was in prison for nine years.

Edwards died after hanging himself (suicide) in Lambeth, at the age of 63. His cause of death is still disputed because many people thought he was too drunk to have chosen to kill himself.

A biopic, "Buster", was released in 1988.

Brian Field

Brian Field (15 December 1934 – 27 April 1979) was a British clerk and criminal. He was one of the people who organised the Great Train Robbery of 1963.

Fields died in a car crash in London. He was aged 44. His wife also died in the crash.

Charlie Wilson (criminal)

Charles Frederick "Charlie" Wilson (30 June 1932 – 23 April 1990) was a British criminal. He was born in Battersea, London. He was a member of the Great Train Robbery gang. He was shot dead by a hitman on a bicycle in 1990 when he was living in Marbella, Spain.

Operation Uphold Democracy

Operation Uphold Democracy was a military operation in Haiti. It was led by the United States, with help from Argentina and Poland. It lasted from 19 September 1994, to 31 March 1995.

In 1991, the Haitian army overthrew Haiti's legally elected president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, and created a new military government. The goal of Operation Uphold Democracy was to remove this military government and bring President Aristide back to power. The operation was protected and supported by the United Nations through Security Council Resolution 940, passed on 31 July 1994.

Operation Uphold Democracy was successful, bringing President Aristide back into control of the Haitian government.

Connemara

Connemara () is a district in the west of the Republic of Ireland. The Owenglin River flows into the sea at An Clochán/Clifden. At first, Connemara was divided into North and South Connemara. The mountains of the Twelve Bens and the Owenglin River were the natural boundaries between the two parts.

Actor Peter O'Toole was born here in 1932.

County Galway

County Galway () is a county in Ireland. It is in the West Region and is also part of the province of Connacht. It is named after the city of Galway. The population of the county is 250,541 according to the 2011 census.

West Riding of Yorkshire

The West Riding of Yorkshire is one of the three historic subdivisions of Yorkshire, England. From 1889 to 1974 the administrative county, "County of York, West Riding" (abbreviated: "County of York (WR)") (the area under the control of West Riding County Council), was based closely on the historic boundaries. The lieutenancy at that time included the City of York and as such was named "West Riding of the County of York and the County of the City of York".[3]

Its boundaries roughly correspond to the present ceremonial counties of West Yorkshire, South Yorkshire and the Craven, Harrogate and Selby districts of North Yorkshire, along with smaller parts in Lancashire (for example, the parishes of Barnoldswick, Bracewell, Brogden and Salterforth became part of the Pendle district of Lancashire and the parishes of Great Mitton, Newsholme and Bowland Forest Low became part of the Ribble Valley district also in Lancashire), Cumbria, Greater Manchester and, since 1996, the unitary East Riding of Yorkshire.

Venus (movie)

Venus is a British comedy-drama movie. It stars Peter O'Toole, Leslie Phillips, Vanessa Redgrave, Richard Griffiths, and Jodie Whittaker. It is directed by Roger Michell and written by Hanif Kureishi. It was released to positive reviews on December 21, 2006.

Smart grid

The smart grid is a modern electrical grid that uses communication and information technology to collect information from the behavior of its customers. This is done so that it can automatically work itself to be more efficient and reliable in distributing electricity.

Invoice

An invoice is a document used in commerce, particularly in retail. It is made by a person or company who is selling something to a customer (or "buyer"). The invoice is given to the customer as a request for payment. It lists the goods or service provided to the customer, along with the price being charged for each of them.

Once the customer has paid for the goods or services, they may be given a receipt. The receipt is the customer's proof that they have paid for the products. A receipt is not the same thing as an invoice.

From the seller's point of view, an invoice is called the "sales invoice". From the buyer's point of view, an invoice is called the "purchase invoice".




Stan Stennett

Stanley Llewelyn Stennett (30 July 1925 – 26 November 2013) was a Welsh comedian, actor and jazz musician. He was known for his roles in "Coronation Street" and "Casualty".

Stennett died in hospital in Cardiff, at the age of 88.


Elmet

Elmet () was an independent Brittonic kingdom. It occupied the area of what was later the West Riding of Yorkshire. Elmet appears in records during the Early Middle Ages between the 5th century and early 7th century. Its neighbor to the east was the Anglian kingdom of Deira. The Anglian kingdom of Mercia was to the south. To the west it bordered on the Irish Sea. Elmet was the last surviving British kingdom in the early Anglo-Saxon period.

Elmet emerged from Roman Britain as a British kingdom. The "Elmetsæte" (people of Elmet) were listed in Tribal Hidage as 600 hides. Elmet may have originally been a of the Brigantes. Ceredig, the last king of Elmet, was defeated in 617 by Edwin of Deira around Leeds in the south Pennines. Edwin expelled Ceredig from Elmet and from that time on Elmet was a part of Northumbria.

The kings of Elmet had a royal residence at Campodonum (possibly near Doncaster) and another at Loidis (Leeds). The Elmetsæte were apparently Christian, at least by the time they were conquered by Northumbria. Bede wrote of an named Thrydwulf and his monastery in Elmet wood. 



Elmet (UK Parliament constituency)

Elmet was a county constituency in West Yorkshire. This is seat in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) by a simple majority of votes.

From 1997 the MP (member of Parliament) was Colin Burgon of Labour. Burgon did not stand in the 2010 general election. The constituency was created in 1983 to cover the far eastern wards of Leeds and neighbouring areas.

The Addams Family

The Addams Family is a group of characters in scary cartoons by Charles Addams. It might also mean:


Electrical machine

An electrical machine is an electrical device that changes energy from one form to another, usually from mechanical energy to electrical energy or from electrical energy to mechanical energy.


Gaia (spacecraft)

Gaia is a space observatory. It was launched by the European Space Agency (ESA) on 19 December 2013. The mission aims to compile a 3D space catalogue of about one billion astronomical objects. 

It will study about 1% of the Milky way population. A successor to the "Hipparcos" mission, it is part of ESA's Horizon 2000 Plus long-term scientific program. Gaia will monitor each of its target stars about 70 times over a period of five years.

Gaia will create an extremely precise three-dimensional map of stars throughout the Milky Way galaxy and map their motions. This data is a product of the origin and subsequent evolution of the Milky Way. The spectroscopic measurements will find the physical properties of each star observed, their luminosity, temperature, gravity and elemental composition. Distances to about 20 million stars will be measured by annual parallax. 

The massive stellar census will provide the basic observational data. With the data, astronomers hope to tackle a range of important problems, like the origin, structure, and evolutionary history of our galaxy. Large numbers of quasars, galaxies, extrasolar planets and Solar System bodies will be measured at the same time.

Gaia was launched using a Soyuz rocket from its Guiana Space Centre (GSC) in French Guiana. It is in a Lissajous orbit around the Sun–Earth L Lagrangian point. As of April 2018 it has measured approximately a billion stars and other objects.

Space observatory

A space observatory or a space telescope is any instrument (such as a telescope) in outer space which is used for observation of distant objects. Planets, stars, galaxies, and other outer space objects may be viewed and recorded. This category does not include observatories in space which are pointed toward the earth for the purpose of reconnaissance, meteorology and other types of information gathering.

All observation of space from Earth is filtered through the Earth's atmosphere. The atmosphere filters and distorts what is seen and recorded. 

Satellite-based telescopes opened up the Universe to human eyes. Turbulence in the Earth's atmosphere blurs images taken by ground-based telescopes, an effect known as seeing. It is this effect that makes stars "twinkle" in the sky. As a result, the pictures taken by satellite telescopes in visible light (for example, by the Hubble Space Telescope) are much clearer than Earth-based telescopes, even though Earth-based telescopes are very large.

Space-based astronomy is vital for frequency ranges outside the optical and radio windows. For example, X-ray astronomy is nearly impossible when done from the Earth. It has reached its present importance in astronomy due to orbiting X-ray telescopes. Infrared and ultraviolet are also largely blocked by the atmosphere. Most space observatories are in low Earth orbit.

In 1946, American theoretical astrophysicist Lyman Spitzer was the first to propose a telescope in outer space, a decade before the Soviet Union launched the first satellite, "Sputnik".

Spitzer said a large telescope in space, above the Earth's atmosphere, would see better. His efforts resulted in the world's first space-based optical telescope, "Hubble Space Telescope", which was launched on April 20, 1990 by the Space Shuttle "Discovery" (STS-31).

Leeds City College

Leeds City College is a college in the City of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It is for further education, that is, education after finishing the compulsory years of secondary school. It is the largest college for further education in Leeds. It has around 57,000 students, and 2,300 staff. It makes about £78 million each year.

Curve fitting

Curve fitting is constructing a mathematical function which best fits a set of data points.

Curve fitting may involve either interpolation or smoothing. Using interpolation requires an exact fit to the data. With smoothing, a "smooth" function is constructed, that fit the data approximately. A related topic is regression analysis, which focuses more on questions of statistical inference such as how much uncertainty is present in a curve that is fit to data observed with random errors.

Fitted curves can be used to help data visualization, to guess values of a function where no data is available, and to summarize the relationships among two or more variables. Extrapolation refers to the use of a fitted curve beyond the range of the observed data. This is subject to a degree of uncertainty, since it may reflect the method used to construct the curve as much as it reflects the observed data.

Common Brittonic

Common Brittonic (also called Common Brythonic, British, Old Brythonic, or Old Brittonic) was an ancient language spoken in Britain. It was the language of the Celtic people known as the Britons. By the 6th century it split into several Brittonic languages: Welsh, Cumbric, Cornish, and Breton.

Common Brittonic is descended from Proto-Celtic, a hypothetical parent language. By the first half of the first millennium BC it was already dividing into separate dialects or languages. There is some evidence that the Pictish language may have had close ties to Common Brittonic and might be a fifth branch.

Evidence from Welsh shows a great influence from Latin on Common Brittonic during the Roman period. This is particularly true of the Church and Christianity, which are nearly all Latin derivatives. Common Brittonic was replaced in most of Scotland by Gaelic. South of the Firth of Forth it was replaced by Old English (which later developed into Scots). Common Brittonic survived into the Middle Ages in Southern Scotland and Cumbria. Common Brittonic was gradually replaced by English throughout England. In the north of England, Cumbric disappeared as late as the 13th century. In the south, the Cornish was a dead language by the 19th century. There were some attempts to revitalize it, which have met with some success.

NES Remix

NES Remix is a video game for the Wii U console. It was developed by indieszero and published by Nintendo. It was released on December 18, 2013. In this game, the player has to complete challenges in Nintendo Entertainment System games. For example, the player may have to defeat a number of enemies in "Super Mario Bros." while under a time limit.


Worms Cathedral

St Peter's Cathedral () is a church in Worms, southern Germany. It was the seat of the Catholic Bishopric (diocese) of Worms before it broke up in 1800. Today, the former cathedral is a Catholic parish church and "basilica minor". Worms Cathedral is where Martin Luther presented his theses on reforms to church authorities.

The cathedral has three bells, all of which are housed in the southeast tower. They were cast in 1947 by Albert Junker to replace the old sound of the four bells destroyed in World War II.

Trinity Church, Worms

The Holy Trinity Church, also called the Reformation Memorial Church of the Holy Trinity) () is the largest Protestant church in Worms, Germany. It was built between 1701 and 1717. The baroque hall building is centrally located on the market square and is very close to the cathedral.

Hammer Bro

Hammer Bro., also called Hammer Brothers or Hammer Bros., is an enemy from the "Mario" series of video games. It is a type of Koopa Troopa that walks on two feet and attacks by throwing hammers at the player character. There are different types of Hammer Bro. that are named after the attack that they use, such as the Boomerang Bro, the Fire Bro And The Ice Bro. Hammer Bro. has appeared in many "Mario" games since its first appearance in "Super Mario Bros.", including spin-off games such as the "Mario Party" games.


Rassilon

Rassilon is a fictional character in the British television series "Doctor Who". He is the founder of the Time Lords.

Greg Montgomery

Greg Montgomery (October 29, 1964 – August 23, 2020) was an American football punter. He played nine seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Houston Oilers from 1988 to 1993, Detroit Lions in 1994 and the Baltimore Ravens from 1996 to 1997.

Montgomery was born in Morristown, New Jersey.

He was drafted out of Michigan State University by the Houston Oilers in 1988. He retired in 1997. He was on the All-Time team for Michigan State University.

He was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 1997.

Montgomery died on August 23, 2020, in Grand Rapids, Michigan at the age of 55.


Buchi Emecheta

Buchi Emecheta OBE (21 July 1944, in Yaba, Lagos – 25 January 2017 in London) was a Nigerian writer. Her first novel, "In the Ditch", was published in 1972. Her second novel was published in 1974. The novel is set in London, where Emecheta lived when she wrote it. Emecheta's most well known novel is "The Joys of Motherhood".

Emecheta married Sylvester Onwordi when she was sixteen. She had two children. In 1962 she moved with her husband to London. There she had three more children.

Emecheta died in her sleep at her home in London on 25 January 2017 from complications of a stroke, aged 72.

João Havelange

Jean-Marie Faustin Goedefroid "João" de Havelange (May 8, 1916 – 16 August 2016) was a Brazilian association football administrator. He was the 7th President of FIFA (Fédération Internationale de Football Association). He was elected to the position in 1974. He resigned in 1998, after 24 years in charge.

He was elected as an honorary president of FIFA in 1998 after he left office. He resigned in 2013 due to "health and personal reasons".

Havelange was a swimmer at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin. He was also part of the team that tied for 13th in water polo at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.


4 (Beyoncé album)

4 is the fourth studio album by American singer Beyoncé. It was released June 24, 2011. Seven singles were released from the album. "Run the World (Girls)" was the first single from the album. Pitchfork gave the album a score of 8 out of 10.
The single "Love on Top" won the Best Traditional R&B Performance Award at the Grammy Awards. The album has sold three million copies. The third song on the album "I Miss You" was written by Frank Ocean.

Iman (model)

Iman Mohamed Abdulmajid (born July 25, 1955), known as Iman, is a Somali-American supermodel. In 1992, she played a queen in Michael Jackson's music video "Remember the Time".

Iman was born in Mogadishu, the capital city of Somalia. She went to high school in Egypt. Iman then studied political science at the University of Nairobi in Kenya. 

Photographer Peter Beard saw her on a street in Nairobi and asked if she had even been photographed. When he said he would pay her she asked if he would give her $8,000 and he said yes. That day he took photographs of her. He then took them back to New York. Iman was signed to the modeling agency Wilhelmina.

In 1994 Iman started "Iman Cosmetics". Iman Cosmetics makes makeup for women with dark skin.

Iman's first book, "I Am Iman", was published in 2001.

In 1978, Iman married American basketball player Spencer Haywood. She had a daughter with him called Zulekha. She works for Iman's cosmetics company. Iman divorced Haywood in 1987. In 1992, Iman married David Bowie. In 2000, she gave birth to their daughter Alexandria Zahra Jones. Iman and Bowie stayed together until his death on January 10, 2016.


Kabomani tapir

The kabomani tapir ("Tapirus kabomani") is the smallest of the five living species of tapir. It was found in the Amazon rainforest. Discovered in 2013, it was the first odd-toed ungulate discovered in over 100 years. The tapir has an estimated weight of only . It has dark-grey to dark-brown hair. Males are smaller than females and females have a light throat patch that extends from chin to neck and up to the base of the ears.

Heptarchy

The heptarchy (, "seven" + "realm") is a collective name applied to seven Anglo-Saxon kingdoms. These were: Northumbria, Mercia, East Anglia, Essex, Kent, Sussex and Wessex. The Anglo-Saxon kingdoms eventually became the Kingdom of England. The term has been in use since the 16th century. It is used to apply both to the seven kingdoms and to the time period in which they existed.

The idea of a heptarchy, a group of seven independent kingdoms, is thought to have come from the English historian Henry of Huntingdon in the 12th century. He listed the seven Anglo-Saxon kingdoms in his "Historia Anglorum" (History of the English People). Bede, however, set up the idea that several kingdoms were more dominant than others (at different times). He created a list of kings who dominated the other kingdoms. The dividing line between these kingdoms was the River Humber. Northumbria (Deira and Bernicia) was the northern kingdom while the remaining kingdoms were those of the southern English. The actual term 'heptarchy' was first used in the 16th century by William Lambarde. His 1568 woodcut map is the earliest known use of the term.

The term heptarchy is sometimes used to imply a between the kingdoms that did not exist. From the 6th century to the 9th century these were simply seven kingdoms set up by the Germanic invaders and their descendants. There was little equality between them. Northumbria, Mercia and Wessex were the most powerful of the seven and often dominated the others. The kingdoms were gradually reduced in number. The heptarchy basically ended with the coming of the Vikings. The term heptarchy was popular among scholars from the 16th to the 19th centuries but is occasionally used today.

Originally Bede listed seven kings who held authority over the other kingdoms in England at the time. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle lists the eighth bretwalda:


Two Mercian kings of the 8th century can be considered bretwaldas also:


The seven kingdoms were:



Thomas Szasz

Thomas Stephen Szasz (April 15, 1920 – September 8, 2012) was a psychiatrist and academic. He was a libertarian. In 1961 Szasz's third and most well known book, "The Myth of Mental Illness: Foundations of a Theory of Personal Conduct", was published. Szasz died when he was 92.

Szasz was born in Budapest in Hungary to Jewish parents. He grew up speaking German and Hungarian. He also spoke French. In 1938 Szasz moved with his family to the United States. He studied medicine at the University of Cincinnati. However, he was more interested in politics and philosophy. In 1956 Szasz became a professor of psychiatry at the State University of New York in Syracuse.

Szasz was a heretic in psychiatry. This means that his opinions were very different to the ideas generally accepted within psychiatry. He said that psychiatry is a pseudoscience. He compared it to religion. In "Schizophrenia: The Sacred Symbol of Psychiatry", Szasz argued that schizophrenia is a symbol that is 'worshipped' by psychiatrists in the same way that Christians worship Christ. He said that mental illness is not an illness of the brain but "problems of living". People described Szasz as being 'anti psychiatry'. In response to this Szasz wrote a book called "Antipsychiatry: Quackery Squared". He believed that mental hospitals are like prisons.

He argued that "death control", or the right to killing oneself, is a human right like birth control. However, he was against euthanasia by the state. Szasz did not believe that drug addiction is a disease. Instead, he thought that it is a social habit. He thought that drugs should be made legal.

Szasz was an atheist.

Masdar City

Masdar City (, ) is a planned city which is being built in the United Arab Emirates.

Magnus (wrestler)

Nick Aldis (born 6 November 1986) is an English professional wrestler. He currently works for WWE as an on-screen general manager for the "SmackDown" brand.

He is also known for his time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name, Magnus. He is a former TNA World Heavyweight Champion and was the first English person to hold the title.

He was also known for being a member of The British Invasion with Doug Williams and Rob Terry.

Before becoming a professional wrestler, he appeared on the British revival of the television show "Gladiators". He performed under the stage name Oblivion. Aside from wrestling, he is a co-presenter of "Britain's Strongest Man" on Challenge TV.



Husayn ibn Ali

Husayn ibn Ali (Husayn, son of Ali) (11 or 13 January 626 CE – 13 October 680 CE) was the third Imam of Shia Islam. He was the son of Ali ibn Abi Talib, the fourth Caliph and first Imam of Shia Islam. His mother was Fatimah Zahra, the daughter of the Prophet Muhammad and wife of Ali. He was also the younger brother of Hasan ibn Ali, the second Imam of Shia Islam.

Husayn ibn Ali is known as a great figure in Islam. He refused to submit to Yazid I, the Umayyad caliph. For this he was killed at the Battle of Karbala, along with most of his family. He is regarded as a martyr by Muslims.

United States v. Windsor

United States v. Windsor was a court case heard by the United States Supreme Court. The court's decision was historically important for marriage law in the U.S. It was also important for LGBT rights.

The court decided that defining "marriage" as a union between one man and one woman (as husband and wife) was unconstitutional (against the Constitution). This specifically related to Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), a law passed in 1996. This defined "marriage" for federal (national) law in the United States. It defined it as being between one man and one woman. In "United States v. Windsor", the court decided that this definition was against the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment. In the U.S., the Constitution protects the rights of citizens, and no individual law can take those rights away.

The basis for the case was the right to benefits for same-sex married couples; the same right held by heterosexual married couples. Edith Windsor and Thea Spyer, a same-sex couple living in New York, were married in Canada in 2007. Spyer died in 2009, leaving everything she owned to Windsor. Under the law, widows do not have to pay tax on anything they inherited from their dead spouse. Windsor tried to claim this exemption. She was barred from doing so by Section 3 of DOMA, which said that the word "spouse" only applies to a marriage between a man and woman. The Internal Revenue Service denied Windsor's claim, and demanded that she pay $363,053 in inheritance taxes.

After Windsor won the case, "Time" magazine named her the third most influential person of the year in 2013.


Mniophila

Mniophila is a genus of leaf beetles. It can be found nearly everywhere in Europe.

It contains two species:

Lythraria

Lythraria is a genus of leaf beetles. It was first described in 1897 by Ernest Marie Louis Bedel. It contains a single species: "Lythraria salicariae".

This species lives is found in Europe, the Caucasus, across northern Asia to Korea and Japan.

Hippuriphila modeeri

Hippuriphila modeeri is a species of flea beetles, in the family Chrysomelidae. They that can be found in Europe and northern Asia, east to Mongolia.

Dibolia

Dibolia is a genus of leaf beetles (Chrysomelidae).

Species in this genus can be found nearly everywhere in Europe.

Species were first organised into this group in 1829, by Pierre André Latreille.

Batophila aerata

Batophila aerata is a species of leaf beetle. It is common in southern England, France, Corsica, Germany, Italy, Slovenia, Greece, Spain, Algeria, Morocco and Tunisia. It can also be found on islands in the Mediterranean such as Sardinia and Sicily.

Altica ericeti

Altica ericeti (or Altica sandini) is a species of leaf beetle. It can be found in France, England, Germany, Netherlands, Morocco and the Iberian Peninsula.

WCW Monday Nitro

WCW Monday Nitro was a professional wrestling television program for World Championship Wrestling (WCW). The show ran from September 4, 1995 to March 26, 2001 and had 288 episodes.

When Nitro debuted it started a ratings battle which became known as the "Monday Night Wars" between WCW and WWF which lasted almost six years. WCW started the nWo storyline which helped them gain more viewers than the WWF. They would continue to defeat the WWF in viewers for 84 consecutive weeks which forced WWF owner Vince McMahon to change the style of wrestling his promotion was doing and introduce The Attitude Era. As the nWo storyline became stale, fans turned from WCW to watch the WWF.

On the January 4, 1999 episode of Nitro, commentator Tony Schiavone gave away the results to Raw which included underdog Mick Foley defeating The Rock saying:

Bischoff thought that in doing this, viewers would be put off by this and would not watch Raw. His plan backfired however and a lot of Nitro viewers changed the channel to watch Raw because they were excited to see the underdog Foley win the championship. The fans switched back to Nitro after Foley won but from that week on, Nitro was beat by Raw in the ratings by a large amount and WCW was never able to regain their former success.



Ned Vizzini

Edison Price "Ned" Vizzini (April 4, 1981 - December 19, 2013) was an American writer. He is best known for writing "It's Kind of a Funny Story". In 2010 a movie of the novel was released. Vizzini had depression. He spent a week in a psychiatric hospital in 2004 after he called a suicide hotline. He based "It's Kind of a Funny Story" on his experience there. Vizzini was found dead on December 19, 2013 in New York. He had killed himself by jumping off a building.

Vizzini was born in Brooklyn in New York City. He went to Stuyvesant High School.

Vizzini's first book "It's Kind of a Funny Story" was published in 2006. 


Rising Damp

Rising Damp is a British sitcom produced by Yorkshire Television for ITV. There were 28 thirty minute episodes in four series between 1974 and 1978. In 1980 it was followed by a movie "of the same name".

Too Cool

Too Cool was a professional wrestling tag team and stable that competed in WWE/F 1998 to 2001.

The members of the tag team were Scott Taylor/Scotty 2 Hotty and Brian Christopher/Grandmaster Sexay. Rikishi joined in late 1999 to make Too Cool a stable.

The members of the stable were portrayed as hip hop fans and they would be dancing around the ring while lights flashed and music played. This also included a famous moment when all three members entered the Royal Rumble and Rikishi eliminated all the participants in the ring except Sexay. Rikishi looked like he was going to eliminate Sexay but Scotty entered the match next and they danced to their music while the Rumble match was still ongoing. Rikishi eliminated the other two members when their dance segment was over. They quickly became very popular with fans. 

On the January 6, 2014 episode of "Raw" titled "Old School Raw", Too Cool reunited with Rikishi and they defeated 3MB (Heath Slater, Drew McIntyre and Jinder Mahal) in a six-man tag team match. It marked the first time in thirteen and a half years that all three members of Too Cool had competed in a six-man tag team match. Too Cool also competed at "NXT Arrival" in a match for the NXT Tag Team Championships against The Ascension but they were unable to win the titles.

They showed up on independent circuit shows until Christopher committed suicide on July 29, 2018.



Propofol

Propofol is a drug that is used to put animals (including humans) to sleep. Propofol is injected into a vein. It takes about 40 seconds to work. 

Some people use propofol for fun. If they use it a lot they can become addicted. In 2009 the American pop musician Michael Jackson was killed by an overdose of propofol. The propofol was given to Jackson by his doctor Conrad Murray. Murray was sentenced to four years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter of Jackson. This made the public more aware of the dangers of the drug.

A rare side effect of propofol is propofol infusion syndrome. It is most common in children. It often causes death.

St Antony's College, Oxford

St. Antony's College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1950 and received a Royal Charter in 1953. It claims to be the most cosmopolitan of the University's seven graduate colleges.

H. Robert Horvitz

Howard Robert Horvitz (born May 8, 1947 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American biologist of Jewish descent.

He is best known for the research he did on the nematode worm Caenorhabditis elegans and he won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2002 for "discoveries concerning genetic regulation of organ development and programmed cell death". He shared the prize with Sydney Brenner and John E. Sulston.

He earned a BS in Mathematics from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a PhD in Biology from Harvard University in 1974.

Nae Lăzărescu

Nae Lăzărescu (8 September 1941 – 19 December 2013) was a Romanian television, stage and movie actor. He was also a comedian.

He was born in Bucharest. His career began in 1963.

Lăzărescu died of chronic liver disease, in Bucharest. He was aged 72. He will be buried on 21 December in Focșani, Vrancea County.

Gottfried Böhm

Gottfried Böhm (January 23, 1920 – June 9, 2021) was a German architect. In 1986, he became the first German architect to be honored with a Pritzker Prize.

Böhm turned 100 in January 2020. He died on June 9, 2021 in Cologne at the age of 101.



Pro Wrestling Noah

Pro Wrestling Noah (PW Noah or Noah) is an Japanese professional wrestling company. It was founded by Mitsuharu Misawa in 2000. Misawa started the company after he left All Japan Pro Wrestling. He did not like the direction Giant Baba's widow Motoko Baba was putting the company in.

On June 13, 2009, Misawa was in a tag team match where he teamed with Go Shiozaki against Akitoshi Saito and Bison Smith. After Misawa took a belly to back suplex from Saito, he lost consciousness and was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead at 10:10 p.m. JST from to spinal damage.

Akira Taue was named as Misawa's successor and the new President of Pro Wrestling Noah on June 27, 2009.

In January 2020, the company was purchased by CyberAgent.


Pro Wrestling Illustrated

Pro Wrestling Illustrated is the monthly American professional wrestling magazine published by the Kappa Publishing Group. 

The PWI has also ranked a list of the top 500 professional wrestlers each year since 1991. As of 2013, only Jushin Liger has appeared in every edition of the PWI 500. The first woman to be ranked in the list was Jacqueline Moore who was ranked #249 in 1993.

Pro Wrestling Illustrated gives out many different awards every year. The awards they currently give out are:



Becket (movie)

Becket is a British and American drama movie. It was directed by Peter Glenville and produced by Hal B. Wallis. It stars Peter O'Toole as King Henry II. It also stars John Gielgud and Richard Burton. It was released on March 11, 1964

The Lion in Winter

The Lion in Winter is a British historical drama movie set in the Angevin Empire. It was directed by Anthony Harvey. It stars Peter O'Toole as Henry II of England, Katharine Hepburn as Eleanor of Aquitaine, and Anthony Hopkins and Timothy Dalton as their sons. Its music was composed by John Barry. It was released on October 30, 1968.

Goodbye, Mr. Chips

Goodbye, Mr. Chips is an American musical movie. It is directed by Herbert Ross. It stars Peter O'Toole, Petula Clark, Michael Redgrave, Siân Phillips, and Alison Leggatt. It was released on November 15, 1969.

The Ruling Class

The Ruling Class is a British dark comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Peter Medak. It stars Peter O'Toole in a double-role (playing two people) and Arthur Lowe. It was released on September 13, 1973.

The Stunt Man

The Stunt Man is an American comedy-drama-thriller movie. It was directed by Richard Rush. It stars Peter O'Toole, Steve Railsback, and Barbara Hershey. It was released on June 27, 1980.

My Favorite Year

My Favorite Year is an American comedy movie. It was directed by Richard Benjamin. It stars Peter O'Toole, Mark Linn-Baker, Jessica Harper, Joseph Bologna, and Bill Macy. It was released on October 1, 1982.

Conor O'Brian

Ryan Parmeter (born February 6, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. As of 2023, he wrestled for Impact Wrestling as a member of The Design. Parmeter wrestles under the ring name Kon. He is best known for his work in WWE, where he wrestled under the ring names Conor O'Brian and Konnor. He was part of the fourth season of "NXT" and placed fourth on the fifth season of "NXT".

He was formerly in the WWE from 2005 to 2008 but both Parmeter and his girlfriend who was also employed with the company asked for their released due to health problems. He was re-signed by the WWE on July 14, 2010 and was sent to their FCW developmental territory. He competed on the fourth season of NXT but was the second person eliminated. He also competed on the fifth season of NXT titled "NXT Redemption" but was eliminated fourth.

Parmeter won the NXT Tag Team Championship with Viktor on September 12, 2013 when they defeated Adrian Neville and Corey Graves. They were the longest reigning NXT Tag Team Champions of all time, holding the titles for 364 days.



Siân Phillips

Dame Siân Phillips (; born Jane Elizabeth Ailwên Phillips, 14 May 1933) is a Welsh actress. She was married to actor Peter O'Toole. She is also known for her roles in "Becket" and in "Goodbye, Mr. Chips".


Man of La Mancha (movie)

Man of La Mancha is an American drama movie. It is directed by Arthur Hiller. It stars Peter O'Toole, Sophia Loren and Ian Richardson. It was released on December 11, 1972.

Man and Superman

Man and Superman was a drama play written by George Bernard Shaw in 1903. "Man and Superman" opened at The Royal Court Theatre in London on 23 May 1905. A movie version of the play was released in 1982. It stars Peter O'Toole.


Pygmalion (1983 movie)

Pygmalion is a television movie from 1983. It was produced by Margot Kidder. Kidder also stars in the movie, which also stars Peter O'Toole as Professor Henry Higgins. It received many positive reviews. It was based on George Bernard Shaw's play "Pygmalion". It was released on July 14, 1983.

Laurence Olivier Award

The Laurence Olivier Award (or the Olivier Award) is an award given to actors who succeed in theatre work. It is named for actor Laurence Olivier. It was first awarded in 1976.

Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell

Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell is a play by Keith Waterhouse. It is about real-life journalist Jeffrey Bernard. Bernard was still alive when the play was first performed in the West End in 1989. It starred Peter O'Toole and Tom Conti.

Standard Liège

Standard Liège (full name: Royal Standard Club de Liège) is a football club from Liège in Belgium. The club is playing in the Belgian Pro League, the top level in Belgium.

Kingdom of Essex

The Kingdom of the East Saxons (), was also called the Kingdom of Essex. It was one of the seven kingdoms of the Anglo-Saxon Heptarchy. Essex was founded in the 6th century. The kingdom of Essex covered the area of the modern English counties of Essex, Hertfordshire, Middlesex and (for a short while) Kent. Kings of Essex frequently found themselves under the control of other Anglo-Saxon overlords. The territory of the East Saxons included the two Roman provincial capitals of Colchester and, for a time, London. In the Tribal Hidage the East Saxons were listed at 7,000 hides. 

When they arrived in England the Saxons, like the Angles, Jutes and Frisians, were Pagans. After the Saxons gained control of Kent they set themselves up in the territory of Essex. The first attempts to convert the East Saxons to Christianity came in 604 with the arrival of Bishop (later Saint) Mellitus in London. Athelberht (King of Kent was the overlord of southern England and helped in the conversion of King Saebert of Essex. Athelberht built and endowed St. Pauls in London, where St. Paul’s Cathedral now stands. After the death of Saebert in 616, Mellitus was driven out and the kingdom reverted to paganism. King Oswi of Northumbria convinced King Sigebert of Essex to become Christian. Sigebert then invited Chad to become Bishop of London. By 874 the Great Heathen Army held much of Essex. They established bases from which they attacked other parts of England. In 825 the kingdom of the East Saxons became part of Wessex. 



St Catherine's College, Oxford

St. Catherine's College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It is commonly referred to as "Catz". The college was founded in 1962, but its origins are older. In 1862, a "Delegacy for Unattached Students" was formed in Oxford. Students could join the Delegacy to become members of the University without being members of a college. Many students could not afford the cost of belonging to a college. The Delegacy came to be called "St. Catharine's [sic.] Club" after the name of the building at which its members met. In 1931, the Delegacy was officially renamed "St. Catherine's Society".

The Society obtained authority to become a full college in 1956. It purchased land from Merton College and built a modernist campus designed by Danish architect Arne Jacobsen. The College opened in 1962. It first admitted women students in 1974.

Dr. Luigi

Dr. Luigi a puzzle video game for the Wii U console. It was developed by Nintendo and Arika. It was released in North America on December 31, 2013, and in Europe on January 15, 2014.

The gameplay of "Dr. Luigi" is to make sure vitamins of the same color are lined up together. There are three colors of vitamins: red, blue, and yellow. The player has to clear the field of viruses by dropping capsules with two colors on them. The player moves the capsules as they fall by moving them left or right and rotating them. The player gets points by killing viruses. The game ends if the bottle fills up with capsules.

There are four different modes. "Retro Remedy" is played like other "Dr. Mario" games. In "Operation L", capsules that are shaped like an L are dropped into the playing field. In "Virus Buster", players hold the Wii U GamePad vertically, and use the controller's touch screen to drop the capsules onto the playing field. In "Online Battle", players can play against other people through online multiplayer.

Tetris Attack

Tetris Attack is a puzzle video game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy that was released in 1996. It was developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo. It is the first game in the "Puzzle League" series. It was originally known as "Panel de Pon" in Japan and had different characters, but the characters were replaced with characters from "" when the game was made in English.

Players clear blocks that come down by lining them up in horizontal or vertical lines of three or more blocks. The lines have to have the same kind of block. As new blocks come down, the playfield rises. If it makes it to the top, the player loses. The player can stop the playfield from rising by clearing blocks. In two-player games, clearing more than one line at once making combos causes "garbage" blocks to come down on the opponent's side of the field. Garbage blocks can be cleared by clearing lines below it.

There are several single-player modes. In Story Mode, the player plays through the game's story. The player faces against opponents in head-to-head matches. The player has to make their opponent lose by causing their playfield to make it to the top. In Endless Mode, the player plays as long as possible; with the speed becoming faster over time. In Timed Mode, the player has to score as many points as possible in two minutes. In Stage Clear, the player goes through a series of stages where they have to clear blocks below a line. In Puzzle Mode, the player goes through puzzles where they have to clear blocks in a certain amount of moves.

There are also multiplayer modes which are two-player versions of the single-player modes.


Private school

A private school (also known as independent school or nonstate schools) is a school that is not owned by a government. These schools decide which students to admit. They get their money in whole or in part from the school fees that students pay to attend, instead of from taxes. Private schools are often more expensive than other schools.

In the United Kingdom, private schools are usually called public schools.

Mikhail Khodorkovsky

Mikhail Borisovich Khodorkovsky (born 26 June 1963) is a Russian businessman. In 2005 he was put in prison for not paying taxes. On 20 December 2013 Putin let him out of prison. He lives in London, having been more recently convicted in absentee of murder for hire.

Khodorkovsky was born in Moscow to a Jewish father and Russian mother. He went to the Mendeleev Chemistry and Technology Institute.

In 2003, Khodorkovsky was named Person of the Year by "Expert", sharing this title with Roman Abramovich and, in 2004, Khodorkovsky was the wealthiest man in Russia and one of the richest people in the world, ranked 16th on Forbes list of billionaires.

After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Khodorkovsky accumulated wealth by developing Siberian oil fields. He was the head of Yukos, one of the largest Russian companies to emerge from the privatization of state assets in the 1990s.

He was arrested on 25 October 2003. The government under Vladimir Putin then froze shares of Yukos shortly thereafter on tax charges. The state took further actions against Yukos, leading to a collapse of the company's share price. This destroyed most of Khodorkovsky's wealth. He was found guilty and sentenced to nine years in prison in May 2005. While still serving his sentence, Khodorkovsky and his business partner Platon Lebedev were further charged and found guilty of embezzlement and money laundering in December 2010, extending his prison sentence to 2014.

Khodorkovsky was pardoned by President Vladimir Putin following lobbying for his release by Hans-Dietrich Genscher, and released from jail on 20 December 2013.

There is widespread concern internationally that the trials and sentencing were politically motivated. During Putin's presidency, it became clear that many state assets had been sold far below their true value. This was shown as soon as shares became available on the open market. The conspiracy theory is that, wanting to recapture Yukos for the state, a way was sought to put an end to Khodorovsky's control.

There was a confrontation between state auditors and Yukos auditors as to the extent of Yukos' profits. It was claimed for Yukos that a large part of the profits were covered by investments in plant (pipelines, etc.), and exploration. The upshot was that Khodorovsky was charged with tax evasion.

The trial process was criticised abroad for its lack of due process. Khodorkovsky lodged several applications to the European Court of Human Rights. In response to his first application, which concerned events from 2003 to 2005, the court found that several violations were committed by the Russian authorities in their treatment of Khodorkovsky. In particular, the court ruled that Khodorkovsky's arrest was "unlawful as it had been made with a purpose different from the one expressed." Despite these findings, the court ultimately ruled that the trial was not politically motivated, but rather "that the charges against him were grounded in 'reasonable suspicion'".

Khodorkovsky’s group established Quadrum Atlantic SPC in the Cayman Islands with $35 Billion siphoned through Cyprus shell companies. In 2013, the former Yukos managers transitioned these funds through the management of Quadrum Global, appointing Oleg Pavlov as its director, now employing Baron Property Group to facilitate the laundering of dark money into US real estate . 

Private

Private might mean:


Paddy Considine

Patrick George "Paddy" Considine (born 5 September 1973) is an English actor. In 2005 he won Best British Actor at the Empire Awards for playing Richard in "Dead Man's Shoes". Considine has Asperger's syndrome.

Libera

Libera is an all-boy singing group from England. It is directed by Robert Prizeman. There are roughly 40 members aged 7 to 16. They go to different schools in South London. Most members come from the parish choir of St. Philip's, Norbury, in South London. Libera record albums and goes on tour around the world. Libera is a not-for-profit organisation, registered as a charity in the UK.

Most boys have unchanged boy soprano (also known as treble) voices. The boys in their early teens sing the lowest parts. Libera's songs are either new compositions by Robert Prizeman or new arrangements of classical and contemporary tunes. Prizeman often composes and arranges pieces with individual soloists in mind. He does this to emphasize the variety of characteristics and qualities in the boys' voices.

Babyface

Kenneth Brian "Babyface" Edmonds (born April 10, 1959) is an American R&B musician. He released his first album "Lovers" in 1986. He has won ten Grammy Awards. He started a record label called Soda Pop Records in 2009. Babyface will release an album with Toni Braxton called Love Marriage & Divorce in 2014.


Strood

Strood is a town in Medway, North Kent.

It has a high street which has the following stores: Sports Direct Asda, Wilko, Iceland and Tesco

It also has a retail park which has the following stores: Next, Argos Poundworld Matalan KFC,

In 2016, the B&Q store at Strood Retail Park was demolished, and new shops were built which include M&S Foodhall, B&M Bargains, Starbucks, and a Gym.
It also has a leisure centre, Strood Leisure Centre.
Strood includes several named areas, notably Earl Estate and Marlowe Park.

Nelly Omar

Nilda Elvira Vattuone (10 September 1911 – 20 December 2013) or Nelly Omar, was an Argentine actress and singer.

She was born in Buenos Aires. She was married to Antonio Molina from 1935. They divorced in 1943. Omar died of cardiac arrest while she was sleeping at a hospital in Buenos Aires. She was 102 years old.

David Coleman

David Robert Coleman, OBE (26 April 1926 – 21 December 2013) was an English sports commentator and television presenter. He worked for the BBC for over 40 years. He covered eleven Olympic Games from 1960 to 2000 and six FIFA World Cups.

Coleman became the first broadcaster to receive the Olympic Order award. This was in recognition of his contribution to the Olympics.

Coleman died of a short illness in his home in London. He was aged 87.


David Hobbs

David Wishart Hobbs (born 9 June 1939) is a British retired racing driver. Hobbs was a commentator for the Speed Channel. He now works as a commentator for NBC and NBC Sports Network.

Hobbs was born in Royal Leamington Spa, England.

In 1969 Hobbs was included in the FIA list of graded drivers. This is an elite group of 27 drivers who were rated the best in the world by their achievements.


Michael Anderson

Michael Joseph Anderson, Sr. (30 January 1920 – 25 April 2018) was a British movie director. He was best known for directing "The Dam Busters" (1955), "Around the World in 80 Days" (1956) and "Logan's Run" (1976). He was the step-grandfather of Laurie Holden. 

Anderson died at his home in Vancouver, British Columbia on 25 April 2018 at the age of 98.


Short sale

In real estate, a short sale is a way for a homeowner to avoid a foreclosure. In both situations, the homeowner is at least several months behind on payments. In a foreclosure, the bank or lending institution seizes the house, and they now own it and have to try to sell it themselves (or through an agency). In a short sale, the homeowner agrees with the bank to sell it for less than it is worth on the market. The banks would maybe agree to this because it means the house will get sold, saving them the selling responsibility. But they are losing money, because the house is selling for less than it is worth. Sometimes, they make the homeowner pay the balance, and sometimes they forgive it.

Short sales are not always a great deal because of the highly inflated prices of the housing bubble. For example, if a house that normally costs $100,000 was suddenly 'valued' at $200,000, and someone got a loan for that amount, they would want to re-sell it for $200,000 or even more to make a profit. However, values dropped. So now, they may short sell (less than it is worth) the house for $175,000, and lose $25,000. But to a new buyer, that $100,000 house is probably still not worth $175,000. So see what the average is for that house over time.

Chatham Waterfront bus station

Chatham Waterfront bus station is a bus station in Chatham, Kent. The bus station was opened in October 2011. It replaced the town's previous Pentagon bus station.

The main operators at the bus station are Arriva Medway Towns and Nu-Venture.

The bus station has 19 stands. Buses run from the bus station around the Medway area and to parts of Kent. The bus station has a travel shop and toilets.



Pentagon bus station

Pentagon bus station was the main bus station in Chatham, Kent, South East England. It was part of the Pentagon Shopping Centre.

It was replaced by Chatham Waterfront bus station in 2011.


South West Africa

South West Africa (; ; ) was the name used for Namibia when it was ruled by the German Empire and later Union of South Africa and Republic of South Africa.

From 1884 to 1915, South West Africa was a German colony under the name of German South West Africa (, DSWA). Germany had a difficult time ruling the territory, and it experienced many insurgencies. The main port city, Walvis Bay, and the Penguin Islands were annexed by Great Britain in 1878 as a part of the Cape Colony, which became a part of the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910.

In 1915, South Africa captured the German colony. It became a League of Nations Mandate territory, with the Union of South Africa administering it. In 1946, the League of Nations was replaced by the United Nations. The Mandate was supposed to become a Trust Territory when the League of Nations Mandates were transferred to the control of the UN. However, South Africa refused, regarding the territory as its fifth province (even though it was never formally incorporated into the Union of South Africa). In 1966, the United Nation terminated the Mandate and said that South Africa had no right to administer South West Africa any more, but South Africa refused. In 1971, the South African occupation of the territory was illegal and that they should leave, but South Africa still refused.

On 21 March 1990, South Africa granted independence to the territory, which became the Republic of Namibia. However, Walvis Bay and the Penguin Islands only became a part of Namibia in 1994.

Hohe Warte Stadium

The Hohe Warte Stadium is a football stadium in the Döbling district of Vienna. It is the home ground of the oldest football club in Austria, First Vienna FC 1894. It is also used by the American football team Vienna Vikings. It is one of the oldest stadiums which are still in use in professional football.

The stadium was opened in 1921 with a match between First Vienna and S.C. Hakoah Wien. It was at that time the biggest in Europa. It was and still is the homeground of First Vienna F.C. 1894. The stadium was planned by Eduard Schönecker, who was not only a architect, but also a notable football defender playing for SK Rapid Wien and the national team. With 90,000 capacity it was the largest stadium in Europe at this time. In 1923, 80,000 visitors were looking at the match of the Austrian national football team versus Italy. The stadium was also used for open air opera performances and boxing events.

In the 1920s the stadium was used for open air operas and boxing. 1924 the composer Pietro Mascagni conducted the opera Aida by Giuseppe Verdi.

Today the capacity is 5,500 because the city closed the natural hills around the stadium for visitors. The costs to maintain the stadium are €400,000. There are plans to build a wellness center to lower the costs for the club.

Kevin Kampl

Kevin Kampl (born 9 October 1990 in Solingen) is a football player from Slovenia. He plays as a midfielder for RB Leipzig in the Bundesliga.

Before he was born, Kampl's parents moved from Maribor to Solingen, where he started his career with VfB Solingen. From 1997 he went on to Bayer 04 Leverkusen. In 2010 he signed his first contract. Because he did not play much he went on loan to SpVgg Greuther Fürth. After he came back he was still part of the squad but still played seldomly. He went to VfL Osnabrück in the 3rd league. The next club was VfR Aalen, where he only played two months. Then he signed for FC Red Bull Salzburg. It is said that Salzburg payed €3 million for Kampl. Within a short time he became an important player. In his first season he scored four goals and gave 9 assists.

On January 1st he went on to Borussia Dortmund for €12 million. Then he went on to Bayer Leverkusen and 2017 to RB Leipzig for € 20 millions.
He played 17 matches for the Under-21 team of Slovenia. His first match for the team was on October 12, 2012 versus Cyprus. 2018 he retired from the team. He played 28 matches and scored two goals.

Andrei Markov (ice hockey)

Andrei Viktorovich Markov (born December 20, 1978) is a former Russian-Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL) and serves as their alternate captain.

He was drafted with the 162nd overall pick by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. Before playing in the NHL, he played 4 seasons in the Russian Superleague with Khimik Voskresensk for 2 seasons and Dynamo Moscow for 2 seasons.

He made his NHL debut with the Canadiens during 2000-01 NHL season. He split his time between both the Canadiens and their AHL affiliate Quebec Citadelles. He earned a permanent spot on the Canadiens roster during the 2001-02 NHL season. He went back to Russia during the 2004-05 NHL lockout to play for his former team Dynamo Moscow.

He came back to North America after the lockout and signed a four-year deal with the Canadiens on May 28, 2007.

He became a Canadian citizen on July 16, 2010.

He signed a three-year deal with the Canadiens on June 23, 2011.

On September 15, 2014, the Canadiens named Markov as one of their alternate captains along with P.K. Subban, Tomas Plekanec, and Max Pacioretty.

Athelfrith of Bernicia

Athelfrith ( 616), in 593 became King of Bernicia. In 604 he conquered Deira and became the first King of Northumbria. Aethelfrith was the first great leader among the Angles north of the River Humber. Bede called him an ambitious and powerful king who cruelly ravaged the Britons more than any other English leader. He was killed in battle against the East Angles.

Athelfrith was the son of Athelric of Bernicia and grandson of Ida of Bernicia. In 593 Athelfrith became King of Bernicia. According to Frank Stenton "The continuous history of Northumbria, and indeed of England, begins with the reign of Athelfrith..." Among the northern Angles, Aethelfrith was the first great leader. He gained more territory from the Britons than any other English leader.

In 595 a large force of Britons, and Picts came together at "Din Eydin" (Edinburgh). They attacked the Angles of Bernicia at a place identified as Catterick. Among those killed at this battle called "Catraeth", was Owen of Rheged, Athelfrith's enemy. Owen had killed Athelfrith's father, Athelric. The remaining force of Britons, Gaels and Picts was completely defeated, most of them being killed. In 603 Athelfrith fought another great battle at a place called "Degsastan." Dál Riatan Scots, under their king Aedan mac Gabrain came against the English and were completely defeated. Athelfrith's victory eliminated the Scots as a threat for a long period of time in northern Britain. Bede, writing in 731, wrote that up to his day no king of the Scots had attempted to wage war against the northern English again. The only remaining enemy to cause Athelfrith any concern was the Britons of Strathclyde.

In 604 Athelfrith attacked Deira to his south. King Athelric of Deira was killed. Athelfrith also tried to kill Edwin of Deira, Athelric's brother, but Edwin escaped. He took Edwin's sister, Achaas, as his second wife. In 605 Athelfrith united the two kingdoms, Bernicia and Deira, into a single kingdom called Northumbria. He must have spent the next few years setting up ways to govern such a large territory. He almost certainly set up fortifications as well. By 613 Athelfrith began trying to capture Edwin who had since been in exile in Gwnedd and Powys. He moved his army across the Pennines to Chester. When several monks were sent by the Britons to negotiate with Athelfrith they were killed. Between 613 and 616 Athelfrith defeated the Britons in battle at Chester. Edwin escaped again this time to Mercia, then to East Anglia. Athelfrith wanted the king, Raedwald of East Anglia, to murder Edwin, but he would not. Concerned that Athelfrith might attack East Anglia, Raedwald took his army and attacked Athelfrith. The two armies met at the River Idle near Doncaster. Not seeing the East Angles as a major threat, Athelfrith brought a smaller army. Athelfrith was killed after he was separated from his bodyguards. Edwin returned to Northumbria to become the king. At Athelfrith's death his family fled north to find safety. Eanfrith, the eldest son, found safety with the Picts. He married the sister of Gartnait, King of the Picts. His Oswald and Oswiu found safety with the Scots in Argyll.

Athelfrith took a British or Pictish wife named Bebbe. The Bernician royal city of Bamburgh is named for her. Their only son was:

Athelfrith married secondly, Acha, sister of Edwin of Deira and daughter of Aelle of Deira. Together they had:


Tribute in Light

The Tribute in Light is a memorial with two beams of light shooting straight up into the sky done to remember the September 11 attacks. It is lit up at dusk every September 11, lasting until dawn the next day. It is done by the Municipal Art Society of New York. It was first done on March 11, 2002, six months after the attacks happened, and lasted until April 14, 2002. It was done again on the second anniversary of the attacks, on September 11, 2003. Since then, it has been done on every September 11.

On clear nights, the lights can be seen from over 60 miles away. It can be seen in all of New York City, as well as most of Northern New Jersey and Long Island, Fairfield County, Connecticut, Westchester County, New York, Orange County, New York and Rockland County, New York.


Sex (book)

The book Sex is a book by the singer Madonna. It was released on 21 October 1992. It covers topics like sadomasochism, sex, pornography, adult content and sexual simulation. Madonna wrote the book as a character named Mistress Dita. "Sex" had 128 pages plus a warning. Others involved in the book include Naomi Campbell, Vanilla Ice and Isabella Rossellini. The book was controversial for a lot of reasons. One was that the book was not allowed for sale to anyone under the age of eighteen. The book became a very major hit.

Dál Riata

Dál Riata (also Dalriada or Dalriata) was a kingdom on the western coast of Scotland.. Beginning in the early 5th century Dál Riata covered the area of what is now Argyll and Bute and Lochaber in Scotland. They came from the area of County Antrim in Northern Ireland where they were called 'Scots'. Other groups from Ireland followed. These groups also established themselves on the west coast as far south as Cornwall. The colony from Irish Dál Riata were known as the "Scotti" to the Romans. It was this group that later gave their name to Scotland.

At the time they began to colonize Dál Riata, the only other people living in the far north of Britain were the Picts. They occupied the eastern part of Scotland north of what is now Edinburgh. About A.D. 297 they were mentioned by Roman writers regarding an attack along Hadrian's Wall. Even at this early period the Romans encountered Irish "Scotti" assisting the Picts even though they had not yet moved there permanently. So the two groups were seen by the Romans to be allies. How Dál Riata in Scotland was seen as a colony still controlled from Ireland is not clear to modern historians. 

Some view the Dál Riatans as having their own local kings with their overlord in Ireland. Others saw it as being ruled by one king. Dál Riata became the home of the Irish monk Saint Columba. He established a Christian community on the isle of Iona. He brought Christianity to the whole of Scotland, Gaels and Picts. 

The kingdom rose to power under their king Aedan mac Gabrain. He became their king in 574. In 603 Aedan led his people against Athelfrith of Bernicia at a place called "Degsastan." The Scots were completely defeated. Defeats in Ireland and Scotland during the reign of Domnall Brecc (d. 642) ended Dál Riata's dominance. The kingdom came under the control of Northumbria, then subject to the Picts. The kingdom's independence ended in the Viking Age, as it merged with the lands of the Picts to form the Kingdom of Alba.

<br>

Softcore pornography

Softcore pornography (or simply softcore) is pornography that is not as sexually explicit as the hardcore type. Sexual activity in softcore pornography is typically simulated, although it is sometimes real. Although it is not as graphic as hardcore, movie censorship of soft pornography may restrict it to adults in many countries.

Burlesque (movie)

Burlesque is a 2010 musical movie. It is about a woman losing her waitress job and then moving to Los Angeles. She gets a job dancing in a burlesque show. Cher plays Tess, Christina Aguilera plays Ali and Julianne Hough plays Georgia. The movie was sent to North American theaters just before Thanksgiving 2010. The ratings of the movie were mixed to negative. Its box office performance, however, was close to $90 million.


Kalpana Chawla

Kalpana Chawla (March 17, 1962/1961 – February 1, 2003) was an American astronaut of Indian origin. She was the first Indian-American astronaut and the first Indian woman to go into space.
She got married to flight instructor Jean-Pierre Harrison. She first flew in 1997 on the STS-87. She served on the shuttle as of mission specialist and the main person sleeping the shuttle's robotic arms.

Chawla was born in Karnal, Haryana. She got a degree in aeronautical engineering from Punjab Engineering elementary school. She moved to America and became a naturalized U.S. citizen in the year 1990s. She earned a master's degree in aeronautical engineering from the University of Texas. She got her doctorate from the University of Colorado Boulder in 1993. She began flying with people for NASA at the Ames Research the same year.

In 2000, Chawla was selected for her second voyage into space, serving again as a mission specialist on STS-107. The mission was delayed several times, and finally launched in 2003. Over the course of the 16-day flight, the crew completed more than 80 experiments. Kalpana was one of the seven people killed in the disaster on February 1, 2003.

Andre Ramalho Silva

André Ramalho Silva (born 16 February 1992) is a football player from Brazil. He plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Bundesliga, which is the top league in Austria. He is a defender but also can play in the defensive midfield.

He started playing football with São Paulo FC, EC São Bento and SE Palmeiras. He later trained with Red Bull Brazil. In January 2011 he began training with Red Bull Salzburg. He was then the first player who was transferred to Salzburg from the academy in Brazil. He played with the second team, Red Bull Juniors. In 2012/13, after a short loan with USK Anif, he came back and became part of the first team.

In the 2013/14 season he played regularly in the first team. His first match in the Bundesliga was on July 20, 2013. It was in the away match against SC Wiener Neustadt. A week later he shot his first goal against FK Austria Wien. With four goals he is the best defender in the scorer list of Austria.


AC Omonia

The Athletic Club Omonia Nicosia is a football club from Cyprus. It is based in the capital, Nicosia.

Cyprus Football Association

Low voltage ride through

Low voltage ride through (LVRT) is the capability of an electrical device to function normally during periods of low voltage. Many electrical devices in general must have a minimum amount of voltage for them to be able to work. If the voltage is too low the equipment will not work correctly or the efficiency will be reduced.

Distributed generation

Distributed generation is the electricity generation system in which the electricity is being produced from many small power sources connected to the electrical grid. Distributed generation allows the collection of energy from many scattered sources to improve the security of an electricity supply.

Time domain

Time domain is the display of mathematical graph with respect to time. The time can be in the form of discrete time (for digital signal) or in continuous time (for analogue signal). A Fourier transform may convert time domain graph into a frequency domain graph.

Mercedes-Benz Vario

The Mercedes-Benz Vario was a series of vans, trucks and step-entrance buses produced by Mercedes-Benz from 1995 to 2013.

The Vario series was launched as an improved version of the Mercedes-Benz T2.

The Vario minibuses could be built as a minibus or as a chassis only.

Geoglyph

A geoglyph is a large-scale man-made feature on the ground. Usually longer than 4 metres, it is made by placing rocks, stones, live trees, gravel, or earth. 

A "positive" geoglyph is formed by the arrangement and alignment of materials on the ground, while a "negative" geoglyph is formed by removing material to expose bare ground.

Biomolecule

A biomolecule is any molecule produced by a living organism. That includes large macromolecules such as proteins, polysaccharides, lipids, and nucleic acids, as well as many smaller molecules. 

Biomolecules are used in biological processes such as cell division, morphogenesis, or development.

Just four elements—oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, and nitrogen—make up 96% of the human body's mass. But many other elements, such as the various biometals, are also present in small (but vital) amounts.

Biometals are at the heart of many biomolecules. One or two atoms of copper, zinc, iron or manganese are in the most important biological molecules. They act as cofactors, electron donors, at the heart of key biological molecules.

A huge range of biomolecules exist, including:


Main Source

The Main Source were a Canadian and American hip hop and rap group from 1989 to 1994. Their single "What You Need" was sampled by singer Madonna on her bondage inspired song "Human Nature" during 1994-1995. The rap group were based in New York City and Toronto in Canada.

Emma Darwin

Emma Darwin (née Wedgwood; 2 May 1808–7 October 1896) was an English woman and the wife of Charles Darwin. Charles Darwin was a very important biologist. Emma was the daughter of Josiah Wedgwood II. Josiah II was the son of Josiah Wedgwood. Josiah was a potter and founder of the Wedgwood company. Charles Darwin was her cousin. He was also a grandchild of Josiah. They married on January 29, 1839. Emma had 10 children with Charles. 2 of these died when they were babies. Another child, Annie, died when she was 10. Emma helped Charles with his work, mostly by writing out his works onto manuscripts.

List of movies about Wikipedia

The following is a list of movies about Wikipedia.

TNA World Championship

The TNA World Championship is a professional wrestling championship in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). It was originally a National Wrestling Alliance. The championship was debuted on the May 14, 2007 taping of TNA Impact!. The episode aired on May 17, 2007 because of tape delay. It is considered the highest-ranking title in TNA.

Total Nonstop Action Wrestling originally had an agreement with National Wrestling Alliance and had control over both the NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships. The company became a NWA territory and was known as NWA–TNA. On their first show they had a twenty-man Gauntlet for the Gold match where twenty men would try to throw each other over the top rope and onto the floor to eliminate them, until there were two men left. The two men who remained would compete in a standard match to become the first ever TNA-era NWA World Heavyweight Champion. Ken Shamrock would defeat Malice to win the vacant championship with Ricky Steamboat as special guest referee at the event. Both the NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships were competed for in TNA on May 13, 2007 when the Executive Director of NWA, Robert Trobich announced that the agreement between TNA and NWA had ended. This also ended TNA's control over the championships and Trobich said that the then-NWA World Heavyweight Champion Christian Cage and then-NWA World Tag Team Champions Team 3D (Brother Ray and Brother Devon) would be stripped of their championships.

Kurt Angle defeated Christian Cage and Sting in a match to win the "World Heavyweight Championship". On the May 14, 2007 taping of TNA Impact! (which aired on May 17, 2007 because of tape delay), Angle debuted the TNA World Heavyweight Championship belt and said that he was the "new TNA World Heavyweight Champion".

The current champion is Moose and he is in his second reign as champion. He defeated former champion Alex Shelley at Hard To Kill on January 13, 2024.


Norway women's national football team

The Norway women's national football team represents Norway on the women's side in association football. Norway won the 1987 and 1993 UEFA Women's Championships. They won the FIFA Women's World Cup in 1995. They won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and a gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

The Norwegian team has been one of the most successful women's football teams in the world. They have won 1 FIFA Women's World Cup and 2 UEFA Women's Championships.




List of brightest stars

Below are the 52 brightest individual stars in order of their "average" apparent magnitudes in the visible spectrum as seen from Earth.

To the naked eye on a clear dark night, in a place far from cities and lights, the total number of stars visible is about 9000. This is not the same as a list of the brightest stars as seen with the naked eye, because close binary or multiple star systems will appear as a single star brighter than their individual components. The binary system Alpha Centauri has an apparent magnitude of -0.27, but the brightest individual star is Alpha Centauri A with the apparent magnitude as listed here of -0.01. Hence Alpha Centauri is the third brightest star in the night sky, whilst its brightest component Alpha Centauri A is the fourth brightest individual star.

Péter Gulácsi

Péter Gulácsi (born 6 May 1990 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player. He plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He is a goalkeeper.


High fructose corn syrup

High fructose corn syrup (alternate names: glucose-fructose in Canada) is a corn syrup whose glucose has been converted to fructose. The conversion makes it very sweet. The material is used in many breads, cereal, sodas, yogurt and breakfast bars.

High fructose corn syrup was first introduced during the late 1950s. The material did not come to the United States until the late 1970s into the 1980s. High fructose corn syrup has been linked to obesity, diabetes and other health problems.

UTA Arad

FC UTA Arad, commonly known as UTA Arad, is a football club from Arad, Romania. The club is the fifth most successful in Romania, behind FCSB, FC Dinamo București, CFR Cluj and Venus București.

Liga I

Cupa României

Liga II

UEFA Cup:

Corn syrup

Corn syrup is food syrup made from starch. The starch is usually from potatoes, wheat, tapioca and corn.


The Wolf of Wall Street (2013 movie)

The Wolf of Wall Street is an 2013 American black comedy movie directed by Martin Scorsese and produced by Leonardo DiCaprio. The movie is about a stockbroker who works on Wall Street in New York City during the 1990s. He runs a company that commits stock fraud and insider trading. The story is based on the memoirs of Jordan Belfort.

DiCaprio plays Belfort (the stockbroker), Matthew McConaughey plays Mark Hanna, Jonah Hill plays Donnie Azoff, Rob Reiner plays Max Belfort and Kyle Chandler plays Denham. P. J. Byrne, Jon Favreau, Joanna Lumley, Margot Robbie, Spike Jonze, and Edward Herrmann also appear in the movie. The movie is 179 minutes long. Some sex scenes were cut away to prevent MPAA from giving NC-17. It was released on December 25, 2013. It was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Best Picture.

Betty Ong

Betty Ann Ong (February 5, 1956 – September 11, 2001) was an American flight attendant who was on American Airlines Flight 11 when it was taken over by terrorists and flown into the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City, as part of the September 11 attacks. She was born in San Francisco, California.

At the time of her death, Ong lived in Andover, Massachusetts. On September 11, 2001, she was on Flight 11 so that she could go back to Los Angeles and go on a vacation to Hawaii with her sister. When the plane was taken over, she called in to American Airlines and told them that the plane had been taken over. During her call, she said that none of the crew could open the cockpit door, a passenger and two flight attendants had been hurt, and that she thought someone had sprayed Mace or something else in business class. She also told them which seats the terrorists on the plane were sitting in.


Christine Ebersole

Christine Ebersole (born 21 February, 1953) is an American singer, actress and musician. She played Evelyn Tracy in "Black Sheep" (1996) and Muffin in the comedy "The Big Wedding" (2013). In 2007 she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her work in "Grey Gardens". Since 2019, she has played the role of Dottie on "Bob Hearts Abishola".

Ebersole was born in Winnetka, Illinois. She now lives near Maplewood, New Jersey.

Bernicia

Bernicia (Old English: "Bernice") was a kingdom in Northern England. It was an Anglo-Saxon kingdom established by Anglian settlers in the 6th century. Bernicia occupied about the same area as the modern English counties of Northumberland and Durham, and the former Scottish counties of Berwickshire and East Lothian. Bernicia was one of two Anglo-Saxon kingdoms located north of the River Humber. The other was Deira and in the early 7th century they combined to become the kingdom of Northumbria.

The name Bernicia was an Anglicization of the earlier Celtic name "Bryneich" (or "Beornice"). The name probably meant 'The Land of Hills' or something very similar. It was the territory of the Guairi, a clan of the Votadini tribe. Their fortress home was the pre-Roman "Din Guairi" (fort of the Guairi). A large part of the Votadini under the leadership of Cunedda removed to north Wales creating the dynasty of Gwynedd. The remaining Votadini were not strong enough to withstand attacks by the Picts. After 410 they called in Germanic mercenaries

The details of the arrival of the Germanic Angles in this area is not to be found in historical sources, According to Bede the founder of the Bernician dynasty was Ida of Bernicia. But he had little detail on the Bernician kings before the reign of Athelfrith of Bernicia ( 616). Bede dated Ida's reign to starting in 547. He also gives the impression that the next four kings had all they could do to hold onto their territory. They had constant battles with the British during this time. Athelfrith was the first to expand the territory at the expense of the British. In 605 Athelfrith united the two kingdoms, Bernicia and Deira, into a single and powerful kingdom called Northumbria.

Kingdom briefly split


Leymah Gbowee

Leymah Roberta Gbowee (died 1 February 1972) is a Liberian peace activist. In 2011 she won the Nobel Peace Prize with Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf and Tawakel Karman. This made Gbowee the second African woman to win the prize. Her book "Might Be Our Powers: How Sisterhood, Prayer, and Sex Changed a Nation at War" was published in 2011. She also doesn't realize she needs to go to the gym, SHE FAT. 

Gbowee was born in central Liberia. She was living with her parents and sisters in Monrovia when the First Liberian Civil War started in 1989. Gbowee was 17 and planning to study medicine. The war made things unsafe for Gbowee and her family. Gbowee moved to Ghana and lived as a refugee there. She later fled back to Liberia.

Gbowee has eight children.


Black feminism

Black feminism is a type of feminism. Black feminists believe that sexism and racism are bound together. This is called intersectionality.

Black feminism exists because the racism that black women experience is not adequately addressed by the mainstream feminist movement, which is led by white middle-class women. In 1973 the National Black Feminist Organization was started.

Alice Walker was the first person to use the word womanism in 1979. Womanism is a black feminist theory. Patricia Hill Collins's 1991 book "Black Feminist Thought" is one of the most well-known books about black feminism.

Deep Throat (movie)

Deep Throat is a 1972 American pornographic film. In it Linda Lovelace plays herself. She was paid $1250 for acting in the movie. The movie was directed by Gerard Damiano. In 1974 "Deep Throat Part II" was released. The movie was made in New York. A documentary about "Deep Throat" called "Inside Deep Throat" was released in 2004.

Mariana Bridi Costa

Mariana Bridi Costa (18 June 1988 – 24 January 2009; also called Mari and Mariana Bridi da Costa) was a Brazilian fashion model. She began her career at age 14. She was in many competitions and fashion-related events.

Costa became sick in December 2008. She was diagnosed in early January 2009 with a urinary tract infection. This quickly became septic. Her legs had to be amputated (cut off). Costa died on the evening of 24 January 2009 from septicemia and necrosis. She was aged 20.

Diomedes Díaz

Diomedes de Jesús Díaz Maestre (May 26, 1956 – December 22, 2013) was a Colombian vallenato singer, songwriter and composer. His nickname was "El Cacique de la Junta" (the chieftain of the Junta). It was given to him early in his career by another vallenato singer, Rafael Orozco Maestre.

Díaz died in Valledupar at the age of 56. He was resting in his bed when his heart failed and he stopped breathing.

John Eisenhower

John Sheldon Doud Eisenhower (; August 3, 1922 – December 21, 2013) was an American historian and politician. He was the younger son of President Dwight D. Eisenhower and his wife Mamie.

Eisenhower was born at Denver Health Medical Center in Denver, Colorado. He was raised in Baltimore, Maryland and in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Eisenhower was of Swedish and German descent.

He was a Brigadier General in the United States Army. He served during World War II and the Korean War. Eisenhower wrote several books on military history. He also served as the U.S. Ambassador to Belgium from 1969 to 1971.

Until his death on December 21, 2013, Eisenhower was the oldest living child of a former U.S. president. Eisenhower died at Trappe, Maryland, from natural causes. He was aged 91.


Dorothy Dandridge

Dorothy Jean Dandridge (November 9, 1922 – September 8, 1965) was an African American singer and actress. In 1955, she became the first black actress to be nominated for an Academy Award. The nomination was for Best Actress. She starred in many movies.

Dandridge was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She died of a drug overdose in Los Angeles, California.

Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University

The Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University () in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, was founded in 1953. In 1974, it was granted university status by royal decree. It has a library, the Prince Sultan Library For Science and Knowledge, that has existed before the university. The university started running the library in 1975. The library is a partner of the World Digital Library.


Séléka

Séléka is an alliance of rebel militias in the Central African Republic. It overthrew the government on 24 March 2013. Its leader is Michel Djotodia. Djotodia has claimed himself to be the new President of the Central African Republic. Most of the members of Séléka are Muslim.

In October 2021, Confirmation of charges hearings against ex-Seleka militiaman Mahamat Saïd opens before the International Criminal Court (ICC). This former militiaman is suspected of crimes against humanity and war crimes committed in 2013 and 2014. This is the first time that a former member of the Seleka has faced the judges of the Court.

Mitsubishi G4M

The Mitsubishi G4M was a bomber aircraft used by the Imperial Japanese Navy. It was called "Betty" by the Allies for it's codename and was known as "Hamaki" ("Cigar") by Japanese Navy pilots.

It was known for its good performance and range, as well as its lightness. It however had almost a complete lack of protection for the crew and had no armor plating or self-sealing fuel tanks. American fighter aircraft took advantage of this during their confrontation of the Pacific War.

Patuxai

Patuxai (, which means "Gate of Victory" or "Gate of Triumph") is a monument located in Vientiane, Laos. It is similar to the Arc de Triomphe in Paris, but it is designed in Lao style. For an example, Lao mythological creatures have been used to decorate it.

War (Edwin Starr song)

"War" is a counterculture protest song. It was written by Norman Whitfield and Barrett Strong in 1969. It was released by the Motown label in 1970. Whitfield first produced the song with The Temptations as the original singers. It was performed by Edwin Starr. The song is a protest against the Vietnam War.

Yusef Lateef

Yusef Abdul Lateef (born William Emanuel Huddleston, October 9, 1920 – December 23, 2013) was an American jazz multi-instrumentalist, composer and educator. He won a Grammy Award in 1987.

Lateef mainly played the tenor saxophone and flute. He also played oboe and bassoon. He is known for his innovative blending of jazz with "Eastern" music.

He became a spokesman for the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community after his conversion to the Ahmadiyya sect of Islam in 1950.

Lateef died at the age of 93 in Shutesbury, Massachusetts. He had suffered from prostate cancer.


I Will Always Love You

"I Will Always Love You" is a song by American singer-songwriter Dolly Parton. It is a country music song. It was released on June 6, 1974. It was the second single from Parton's thirteenth solo album, "Jolene" (1974). Whitney Houston recorded a version of the song for the movie "The Bodyguard" in 1992. That version is one of the best selling singles of all time.

 

Clive Davis

Clive Davis (born April 4, 1932) or Clyde Davis; is an American record producer and music executive. He has won five Grammy Awards. He is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a non-performer.

Davis has produced many famous singers, such as Aretha Franklin, Rod Stewart, Alicia Keys, Barry Manilow, Christina Aguilera, Carlos Santana, Kelly Clarkson, Leona Lewis and Jennifer Hudson. Davis is also known for making Whitney Houston famous.

Davis was born on April 4, 1932 in Brooklyn, New York. His family are Jewish. He studied at New York University College of Arts and Science and at Harvard Law School.

As a producer, Davis has won four Grammy Awards.


Davis also received the Grammy Trustees Award in 2000 and the President's Merit Award at the 2009 Grammys. In 2011, the theater at the Grammy Museum was named the "Clive Davis Theater".

Davis was entered into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000. He was placed in the non-performers category.

Davis was married to Helen Cohen from 1956. They divorced in 1965. Then he was married to Janet Adelberg from 1965 until they divorced in 1985. Davis had four children. Davis came out as a bisexual in 2013.


Bonnie and Clyde

Bonnie Elizabeth Parker (October 1, 1910 – May 23, 1934) and Clyde Chestnut Barrow (March 24, 1909 – May 23, 1934) were American outlaws and robbers. They were from the area around Dallas. They traveled the Central United States with their gang during the Great Depression.

Clyde is known today for his bank robberies. However, he preferred to rob small stores or rural gas stations. The gang is believed to have killed at least nine police officers and several civilians. The couple were eventually surprised and killed by police in Bienville Parish, Louisiana.

A 1967 movie about them, "Bonnie and Clyde", stars Faye Dunaway and Warren Beatty.


Evelyn Lear

Evelyn Shulman Lear (January 8, 1926 — July 1, 2012) was an American opera singer. She sang soprano. She trained at the Julliard School of Music and in Berlin. She was active mainly from the late 1950s to the middle of 1992. She received a Grammy Award in 1966. She also appeared in several movies.

Lear was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She died at age 86 in Sandy Spring, Maryland.

Cheryl Studer

Cheryl Studer (born October 24, 1955) is a soprano singer. She has done over eighty roles from dramatic repertoire into lyric soprano. She began in the late 1970s. She has won two Grammy Awards.

Studer was born in Midland, Michigan.

Elizabeth Connell

Elizabeth Connell (22 October 1946–18 February 2012) was an opera singer born in South Africa. During her career she sang mainly in the United Kingdom and Australia. Connell was noted for her performances of the heroines in the great operas by Strauss, Verdi and Wagner.

Elizabeth Connell was born in Port Elizabeth, South Africa on 22 October, 1946. She was the daughter of Raymond Connell and Elizabeth Scott. She studied opera at the London Opera Center. Connell made her debut performance at Wexford in 1972 as a mezzo-soprano. That same year she won the Maggie Teyte prize. Following her debut she sang at the opening of the Sydney Opera House in 1973. She was with the English National Opera for five years. She then became a artist. In 1981 she cancelled all her performances. She began singing again in 1983 but as a soprano.

Elizabeth Connell appeared at the opera houses of London, Paris, Vienna, Berlin, Munich, Hamburg, New York (at the Metropolitan Opera), San Francisco, Milan (at La Scala), Naples and Geneva. She sang in a wide variety of operatic roles. She also performed at major opera festivals in her career. Connell made a number of recordings of her performances. In 2012, she was due to sing at the Toulon Opera but could not appear due to illness. Her last performance was on 27 November 2011 in Hastings, England. Elizabeth Connell died of cancer in London on 18 February 2012. She was 65 years old.

Elizabeth Connell left $20,000 for a prize in her name. It will be a competition for dramatic sopranos of all . The contest will take place in Sydney on September 13, 2014. The winner will also receive an audition at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, as part of the prize.


Arcturus

Arcturus (or α Boo, α Boötis, Alpha Boötis) of the constellation Boötes is the brightest star in the northern celestial hemisphere. With an apparent magnitude of −0.04, it is the fourth brightest star in the night sky, after −1.46 magnitude Sirius, −0.86 magnitude Canopus, and −0.27 magnitude Alpha Centauri.

It is a relatively close star at only 36.7 light-years from Earth, and, together with Vega and Sirius, one of the most luminous stars in the Sun's neighborhood.

Arcturus is a type K1.5 IIIpe red giant star, with an absolute magnitude of −0.30. It has likely exhausted its hydrogen from the core and is now in its active red giant phase. It will continue to expand before entering the horizontal branch stage of its life cycle. The diameter of Arcturus is around 35 million kilometers.

Herbert Ilsanker

Herbert Ilsanker (born May 24, 1967 in Hallein, Austria) is a former professional football player. He played as a goalkeeper. Since 2005 he coaches goalkeeping for FC Red Bull Salzburg.

Ilsanker started his career with his local club, SK Hallein. Then he went to SV Austria Salzburg where he spent most of his active career (1993 to 1998). For Salzburg he played 98 matches. From 1998 until the end of his career in 2001 he played with the German team 1. FSV Mainz 05. His teammate there was Jürgen Klopp, who is now coach of Borussia Dortmund.

Since 2005, Ilsanker has worked as the goalkeeper's coach of FC Red Bull Salzburg. He is the only one in the coaching staff who has been a member since the beginning of FC Red Bull Salzburg. His son Stefan is also a professional football player who plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg.


Karen Akers

Karen Akers (born Karen Orth-Pallavicini on October 13, 1945) is an American singer and actress. She does cabaret, movies and stage plays. In 1985, Akers played the mistress in the movie "Heartburn". That same year she also played a singer in the movie "The Purple Rose of Cairo". She has appeared in two Broadway musicals directed by Tommy Tune. In 1982, she acted with Raúl Juliá as his wife in the musical "Nine". In 1989 she appeared in "Grand Hotel".

Akers was born in New York City

Tampon

A tampon is a mass made of absorbent material, usually cotton, that are put into a body cavity to absorb body fluid. The most common type is put in a woman's vagina to absorb menstrual fluid.

Tampons were first used as medical devices in the 18th century. They date back thousands of years.

Stefan Ilsanker

Stefan Ilsanker (born 18 May 1989) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for the Austria national team.

Ilsanker began his career in the youth squad of 1. Halleiner SK. He first played as a goalkeeper but soon changed to the midfield. In 2005 he signed with Red Bull Salzburg, where he played in the "Red Bull Juniors" team. On April 4, 2009, he was in the squad of the first team for a league game. His first game for Red Bull Salzburg was a national cup match on August 15, 2009. On August 25, 2009, he played his first international game for Red Bull Salzburg in the UEFA Champions League qualifier against Maccabi Haifa.

At the end of the 2009–2010 season, Ilsanker signed with SV Mattersburg. In 2012 he came back to Red Bull Salzburg. In the meantime he is an important part of the first quad and plays in nearly all matches.

Ilsanker played for Austria at the 2007 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship and was a member of the Austria national under-21 football team.

Stefan Ilsanker is the son of Herbert Ilsanker, who was part of the SV Austria Salzburg team and who now coaches goalkeeping for FC Red Bull Salzburg.

Sadio Mané

Sadio Mané (born 10 April 1992) is a Senegalese professional footballer. He plays for Saudi Pro League club Al Nassr and the Senegal national team. He plays as a winger. He was born in Sédhiou.

In 2011, Mané came from Génération Foot to FC Metz in France. He played for the youth teams and the second team. His first game in the first team was on 24 January 2012 against SC Bastia. In 2012, he moved to Austria. There he played for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He won the Austrian Bundesliga and Austrian Cup in 2014 with Salzburg. In 2015, he moved to Premier League club Southampton.

In 2015, Mané set a new Premier League record for the fastest hat-trick. He scored three times in 176 seconds (two minutes and 56 seconds) during a 6–1 win over Aston Villa. 

Mané signed for Liverpool in 2016 for a fee of £34 million. At the time, this made him the most expensive African player in history. In his second season with Liverpool, he scored in the 2018 UEFA Champions League Final in his side's 3–1 loss to Real Madrid. This made him the first Senegalese to score in the final of the competition. The next season, Mané won the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League with Liverpool, defeating Tottenham Hotspur 2–0 in the final. The same season, he was the joint-winner of the Premier League Golden Boot with 22 goals.

During the 2019-20 season, Mané scored two goals in the UEFA Super Cup against Chelsea as Liverpool won on penalties. He also played in the Liverpool's first FIFA Club World Cup final win. In January 2020, he was named CAF African Footballer of the Year. Liverpool went on to win the club's first Premier League title, and first league title since 1990, at the end of the season.

Mané has played for the Senegalese national team since 2012. He has played 60 times and scored 16 goals for the national side. He has played for Senegal at the 2012 Summer Olympics, 2015 Africa Cup of Nations, 2017 Africa Cup of Nations and the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Red Bull Salzburg

Liverpool

Bayern Munich
Al Nassr

Senegal

Individual


Orders


Vega

Vega (α Lyr, α Lyrae, Alpha Lyrae) is the brightest star in the constellation Lyra. It is the fifth brightest star in the night sky and the second brightest star in the northern celestial hemisphere, after Arcturus. At only 25 light-years from Earth, it is a relatively close star and one of the most luminous stars in the Sun's neighborhood.

Vega has been extensively studied by astronomers: this led it to be called "arguably the next most important star in the sky after the Sun". 

Vega was the northern pole star around 12,000 BC and will be so again around the year 13,727. Vega was the first star other than the Sun to be photographed and the first to have its spectrum recorded. It was one of the first stars whose distance was estimated through parallax measurements. Vega has served as the baseline for calibrating the astronomical brightness scale.

Vega is only about a tenth of the age of the Sun, but since it is 2.1 times as massive its expected lifetime is also one tenth of that of the Sun. Both stars are at present near the midpoint of their life expectancies. 

Vega has not much of the elements heavier than helium. Vega is a suspected variable star that may vary slightly in magnitude in a periodic manner. It is spinning rapidly with a velocity of 274 km/s at the equator. This is causing the equator to bulge outward because of centrifugal effects, and, as a result, there is a variation of temperature across the star's photosphere that reaches a maximum at the poles. From Earth, Vega is being observed from the direction of one of these poles.

Based on an observed excess emission of infrared radiation, Vega appears to have a circumstellar disk of dust. This dust is likely to be the result of collisions between objects in an orbiting disk of debris, similar to the Kuiper belt in the Solar System. Stars that display an infrared excess because of dust emission are termed Vega-like stars. Irregularities in Vega's disk also suggest the presence of at least one planet, likely to be about the size of Jupiter.

Kalifornia

Kalifornia is a 1993 American crime drama movie. It was released in 1993. It is about a graduate student from Pittsburgh who wants to document killers. A psychopath on parole named Early has lost his job and wants to leave California. His parole officer, however, warns him against doing so for fear of Early going back to prison. When Early begins heading to his interview, he is stopped and confronted by his landlord for not paying his rent. Early then chases the landlord violently. Juliette Lewis plays Adele Corners, Brad Pitt plays Early, David Duchovny plays Brian.

The movie was finished in 1991. It not released until September 1993. It was released in the United States on September 8. The movie originally got an NC-17 from the MPAA, though it surrendered the rating before release.

The reviews were very positive. The money it made at the box office, however, was poor.

Scorpius–Centaurus Association

The Scorpius–Centaurus Association (sometimes called Sco–Cen or Sco OB2) is a group of stars near the Sun. They are 380 to 470 light years away.

They are young stars which all formed from the same cloud of material. They range from 11 to 15 million years old. They include the massive Antares, and most of the stars in the Southern Cross.

The Sco–Cen OB association is the main part of a large complex of recent (<20 million years) and ongoing star-formation. The complex contains several star-forming molecular clouds in Sco–Cen's immediate vicinity.

The stellar members of the Sco–Cen association have nearly parallel velocity vectors, moving at about 20 km/s with respect to the Sun. The variation of velocity within the subgroups is about 1–2 km/s, and the group is most likely no longer held together by gravity. Several supernovae have exploded in Sco–Cen over the past 15 million years, leaving a network of expanding gas superbubbles around the group.

Iron-60 found in fossilised bacteria in sea floor sediments suggests there was a supernova near the solar system about 2,000,000 years ago. Iron-60 is also found in sediments from 8 million years ago.

Albanian National Archives

The Albanian National Archives () is the official archives of the Republic of Albania. It maintains important papers about Albania. It is in the city of Tirana and has smaller archives around the country. It was started in 1949. It used to be ran by the Party of Labour of Albania, who ran the country. They were Communists. They stopped running the country in 2001 and the Swiss Federal Archives had to help the Albanian National Archives become up to date, because it's collections were damaged and the archives had no computers to help people find papers it has. By 2004, it's collections were fixed and it had computers and people could easily find what they were looking for. The archives had many very important historical documents, including the "Codex Beratinus", "Codex Beratinus II", and version of the New Testament called the "Elbasan Gospel Manuscript". In 2011, the archives started working with the World Digital Library, who puts the archives photographs and books on their website so more people can see them.


Tachikawa Ki-54

The Tachikawa Ki-54 was a trainer aircraft used by the Imperial Japanese Army. It was called "Hickory" by the Allies for it's codename.

The aircraft was made because of a requirement by Imperial Japanese Army that they needed a twin-engine advanced trainer for training the crew. There is a Ki-54 fuselage in the storage at the Australian War Museum Annex.

Vaginal cancer

Vaginal cancer is a type of cancer that forms in the tissues of the vagina. Primary vaginal cancer is rare in the general population of women. Metastases are more common. Vaginal cancer occurs more often in women over age 50, but can occur at any age, even in when they're pregnant. It often can be cured if found and treated in its early stages. Surgery alone or surgery combined with pelvic radiation is typically used to treat vaginal cancer.

There are two primary types of vaginal cancer: squamous-cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma.

Anal cancer

Anal cancer is a type of cancer in the anus. It is different from the much more common colorectal cancer. The etiology, risk factors, clinical progression, staging, and treatment are all different. Anal cancer is mostly a squamous cell carcinoma that rises near the squamocolumnar area. 

Other types of anal carcinoma are adenocarcinoma, lymphoma, sarcoma or melanoma.

In the United States, it is estimated that in 2014 about 7,060 new cases of anal cancer would be diagnosed in the United States (4500 in women and 2,500 in men) . It is typically found in adults, average age early 60s.

Colorectal cancer

Colorectal cancer, also known as colon cancer, rectal cancer, or bowel cancer, is a cancer in the colon or rectum (parts of the large intestine), or in the appendix. Genetic analysis shows that essentially colon and rectal tumours are genetically the same cancer. Symptoms of colorectal cancer typically include rectal bleeding and anemia which are sometimes associated with weight loss and changes in bowel habits (defecation pattern).

It is estimated that worldwide, 1.23 million new cases of colorectal cancer are clinically diagnosed and that it kills 608,000 people per year.

Duodenal cancer

Duodenal cancer is a type of cancer in the small intestine. It is something like gastric cancer and colorectal cancer. Familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP), Gardner Syndrome, Lynch Syndrome, Muir-Torre syndrome, Celiac sprue, Puetz-Jeghers, Crohn's Disease and Juvenile Polyposis Syndrome are risk factors for having this cancer.

The duodenum is the first part of the small intestine. It is located between the stomach and the jejunum. After foods combine with stomach acid, they go down into the duodenum where they mix with bile from the gall bladder and digestive juices from the pancreas.

Esophageal cancer

Esophageal cancer is a type of cancer in the esophagus. There are many types, mostly squamous cell cancer (about 90–95% of all esophageal cancer worldwide) and adenocarcinoma (about 50–80% of all esophageal cancer in the United States). 

Squamous cell cancer starts from the cells that line the upper part of the esophagus. Adenocarcinoma starts from glandular cells that are present at the lining of the esophagus and stomach.

Eye neoplasm

Ocular oncology is the branch of medicine dealing with tumors relating to the eye and its adnexa. Eye cancer can affect all parts of the eye.

Eye cancers might start in the eye and it can metastatic cancer (spread to the eye from another organ). The two most common cancers that spread to the eye from another organ are breast cancer and lung cancer. Other less common sites of origin include the prostate, kidney, thyroid, skin, colon and blood or bone marrow.

This cancer is most common in children. There is a 95% of finding a cure for this cancer.

Gallbladder cancer

Gallbladder cancer is a rare type of cancer which forms in the gallbladder. It is most common in central and South America, central and eastern Europe, China, Japan and northern India. It is also common in certain ethnic groups e.g. Native Americans, Indians and Hispanics.

If it is diagnosed early enough, it can be cured by removing the gallbladder, part of the liver and lymph nodes. Most often it is found after symptoms such as abdominal pain, jaundice and vomiting occur, and it has spread to other organs such as the liver.

Head and neck cancer

Head and neck cancer or throat cancer is a type of cancer which either beings in the lip, oral cavity (mouth), nasal cavity (inside the nose), paranasal sinuses, pharynx, and larynx. 90% of head and neck cancers are squamous cell carcinomas (SCCHN), originating from the mucosal lining (epithelium) of these regions. This cancer can be caused by drinking too much alcohol or chewing tobacco.


Hypopharyngeal cancer

Hypopharyngeal Cancer is a type of cancer in which malignant cells grow in the hypopharynx (the area where the larynx and esophagus meet). This type of cancer is rare. Only about 2,500 cases are seen in the US each year.

Laryngeal cancer

Laryngeal cancer may also be called cancer of the larynx or laryngeal carcinoma. Most laryngeal cancers are squamous cell carcinomas, reflecting their origin from the squamous cells which form the majority of the laryngeal epithelium.
Cancer can develop in any part of the larynx, but the cure rate is affected by the location of the tumour.

Salivary gland neoplasm

Salivary gland cancer is a cancer that forms in tissues of a salivary gland. The salivary glands can be called major and minor. The major salivary glands consist of the parotid, submandibular, and sublingual glands. The minor glands include small mucus-secreting glands located throughout the palate, nasal and oral cavity. Salivary gland cancer is rare, with 2% of head and neck tumors forming in the salivary glands, the majority in the parotid.

African-American music

African-American music is types of music that were mostly developed by and for African-Americans. The main modern types are jazz, blues, gospel, soul, rock and roll, and hip hop. Other types such as ragtime also used to be popular.

African-Americans started influencing mainstream American music in the 19th century when they performed in minstrel shows.

The period from the end of the First World War until the start of the Depression in 1929 is known as the "Jazz Age". In 1920 the first vocal blues recording, "Crazy Blues", was made by the Vaudevillean singer Mamie Smith. After this blues sung by African American females became popular. The most popular female blues singer was Bessie Smith. She was a big influence on other jazz singers. She sung a song called "Squeeze Me" that was composed by Fats Waller. In 1921 Black Swan Records was started in Harlem. It was the first record label owned by an African-American. In December 1928 Pinetop Smith recorded "Pine Top's Boogie Woogie". The song influenced the boogie-woogie style of music. In the late 1920s the trumpeter and singer Louis Armstrong became one of the most famous jazz musicians in the world.

In the early 30s swing music developed. In the late 1930s people were worried that barbershop music would die out, and there was a barbershop music revival. 1935-1946 is known as the swing era. At this time it was the most popular music in America. Big bands played swing music.

R&B music began in the 1940s. Until 1948 it was called "race music". In 1949, the term "Rhythm and Blues" replaced the "Billboard" category Harlem Hit Parade. The trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie helped create the first modern jazz style, bebop. In the 1940s the jazz singers Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holiday became popular.

In 1955 the single "Tutti Frutti" was released by Little Richard. It sold over a million copies. He was one of the first black musicians to be popular among both white and black people. Little Richard called himself the "king of rockin' and rollin', rhythm and blues soulin'". People have described "Tutti Frutti" as being the song that began rock and roll. Singer and guitarist Chuck Berry also helped to make rock and roll with songs like "Maybelline". Big Mama Thornton was the first person to sing "Hound Dog" in 1952. It was number one on the "Billboard" R&B charts in 1953 for seven weeks. It sold nearly two million copies. However, in 1956 Elvis Presley, a white singer, sung the song and was more successful. It sold 10 million copies. Presley was very influenced by African-American music. He made rockabilly, a kind of rock and roll, popular.

James Brown became popular towards the end of the decade. He helped create funk music. Gospel began its golden age after World War II. In the 1950s soul music also started to appear. Etta James and Clyde McPhatter contributed to the creation of soul. Soul was a kind of non religious gospel music. Soul and R&B influenced the sound of girl groups, only some of which were white.

A type of jazz called free jazz started to develop. Ornette Coleman helped to make it.

In the 1960s Jimi Hendrix released psychedelic rock music. He died in 1972. His music was very influential and estimated album sales showcase over 30 million units sold.

Stevie Wonder's first album "The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie" was released on Motown in 1962. Wonder was 12 years old. When he was 13 he had his first number one, "Fingertips". The soul singer Marvin Gaye helped to shape the sound of Motown Records with songs like "I Heard It Through the Grapevine". He became known as the "Prince of Motown". Ray Charles had crossover success on ABC Records. This meant that he was popular with both black and white people. While with ABC Records, Charles became one of the first African-American musicians to be given artistic control by a mainstream record company. In the 1960s a record label called Motown released lots of successful singles. An R&B group called The Miracles were their first successful act. Smokey Robinson had started the group in the 1950s. He became the vice president of Motown. The girl group The Supremes were Motown's most successful act.

In 1960 The Shirelles had the first number one single by a girl group, "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow".

Hip hop started in New York City in the 1970s. 1979 was an important year for hip hop. In 1979 Sugarhill Gang released the single "Rapper's Delight". It made hip hop/rap popular in the United States and around the world. That year Lady B released "To the Beat Y'All". She was the first female solo hip hop artist to record music.

In the 1970s disco also became popular. African American disco musicians included Donna Summer and The Jackson 5. KC and the Sunshine Band had mostly African American members. Diana Ross left The Supremes in 1970 and released her first album the same year. Ross was named the most successful female music artist in history in 1993 by the "Guinness Book of World Records".

In the 1980s the success of Michael Jackson's "Thriller" helped to make African American music more popular. "Thriller" was released in 1982 and it is the best-selling album of all time. It was produced by Quincy Jones. Jackson was one the first African American pop icons. In 1982 Marvin Gaye also had a number one single "Sexual Healing". In 1983 it won Grammy Awards for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance and Best R&B Instrumental Performance. The funk musician Prince became popular. He had four number one singles in the United States. Whitney Houston released her first album in 1985. The album had three number one singles. This made Houston the first woman and first African American woman to have three number ones from one album. Michael Jackson's younger sister Janet Jackson started a pop career. Her third album "Control" had five American top five singles and was one of the decade's most important albums.

Following the beginning of hip hop's popularity in 1979, in the 1980s hip hop developed more complex styles.
The mid 1980s is called the golden age of hip hop. Artists from this time include Run–D.M.C., Wu-Tang Clan, A Tribe Called Quest and Public Enemy. The gangsta rap group N.W.A started in 1986. Their music was banned from lots of radio stations. In the late 80s jazz rap started to be developed.

In the 1990s more female African American musicians became popular following the success of Janet Jackson and Whitney Houston. The girl band TLC released their first album "Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip" in 1992. It sold six million copies.
Mariah Carey, who has a white mother and African-American father, released her first album, "Mariah Carey", in 1990. It reached number one in the United States. Since then she has sold over 200 million albums, singles and videos. This makes her one of the best selling artists ever. Mary J. Blige released her first album, "What's the 411?", in 1992. It combined hip hop and soul. People gave her the name "Queen of Hip Hop Soul" due to this. It sold 3.4 million copies. "Billboard" ranked her as the most successful female R&B artist of the last 25 years.
In 1990 the girl band Girl's Tyme was started by Beyoncé Knowles and LaTavia Roberson. In 1996 they changed their name to Destiny's Child. In 1997 the band became well known from their single "No, No, No". Their 1999 single "Say My Name" reached number one and later won three Grammy Awards. In the 2000s the band continued to be successful with two more studio albums.

R&B singer R. Kelly released his first album in 1993. He has since sold 40 million albums. He produced Aaliyah's 1994 album "Age Ain't Nothing But a Number" and wrote Michael Jackson's 1995 number one single "You Are Not Alone".

R&B boy band Boyz II Men became popular in 1991 with their first album "Cooleyhighharmony" on Motown. They were the fourth most successful group of the 90s.

Hip hop duo Outkast released their most successful album so far, "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below" in 2003. It won Album of the Year and Best Rap Album at the 2004 Grammy Awards.

Rapper Kanye West's first album "The College Dropout" was released in 2004. It entered the American album chart at number two. It has sold over four million copies around the world. Since then West has released five more albums on his own and one with Jay-Z in 2011. All of the albums have reached number one.

Today, African-American musicians such as Beyoncé Knowles are among the most popular musicians in the world. There are more popular white musicians than ever who make African American music. Examples include Amy Winehouse, Adele, Eminem, and Macklemore. In 2013 there were no number one singles by black musicians in the US. This was the first time this had happened in the "Billboard" chart's 56-year history. For 44 out of the 52 weeks of 2013 the number one spot on the R&B and Hip-Hop Songs Chart was taken by white musicians.

The National Museum of African American Music is in Nashville.

Urethral cancer

Urethral cancer is cancer of the urethra. This cancer is very rare, and the most common type is papillary transitional cell carcinoma.

Vulvar cancer

Vulvar cancer is a disease in which cells in the body grow out of control in or on the vulva. The vulva is the outer part of the female genital organs. It has two folds of skin, called the labia. Vulvar cancer most often occurs on the inner edges of the labia.
Cancer is always named for the part of the body where it starts, even if it spreads to other body parts later. When cancer starts in the vagina, it is called vaginal cancer. The vagina, also called the birth canal, is the hollow, tube-like channel between the bottom of the uterus and the outside of the body. When vulvar cancers are found early, treatment works best. 

Octonauts

Octonauts is the American kids' animated show broadcasted by CBeebies. It's produced by Brown Bag Films, and Mainframe Studios. Its 1st episode's on 4 October 2010. The show follows a polar bear named Captain Barnacles, and his crew: Kwazii, a cat, Peso, a penguin, Shellington, a sea otter, Dashi, a sausage dog, Tweak, a rabbit, Professor Inkling, a Dumbo octopus, and the Vegimals: Tunip, Grouber, Barrot, Tominnow, and Codish, who live underwater all day.

It is like "Star Trek" and "Thunderbirds" along with the adventures of Jacques Cousteau.

Kevin Cosgrove

Kevin Michael Cosgrove (January 6, 1955 – September 11, 2001) was an American businessman who died in the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center. He is best known for the 9-1-1 call that he made on September 11, 2001, which ended in him crying out from inside of the South Tower of the World Trade Center as it fell. He was born in Long Island, New York.

At the time of the September 11 attacks, Cosgrove was a Vice President of Claims for Aon Corporation, living in West Islip, New York.

Cosgrove was in the 105th floor of the South Tower when the attacks happened. He had two other people with him. One of these people, Doug Cherry, is mentioned by name in Cosgrove's 9-1-1 call. Cosgrove says, ""My wife thinks I'm all right, I called and said I was leaving the building and that I was fine, and then bang!"". Then, a 9-1-1 operator says, ""Hello?"". Cosgrove answered, ""Hello. We're looking in ... we're overlooking the Financial Center. Three of us. Two broken windows. Oh God. Oh-"" Cosgrove's words ended as the South Tower fell.

Cosgrove was found in the rubble after the attacks. He was buried on September 22, 2001 at St. Patrick Catholic Cemetery in Huntington, New York.

Richard Drew

Richard Drew (born 6 December 1946) is an Associated Press photo-journalist. He is best known for his photograph "The Falling Man", which shows a man falling from the World Trade Center towers during the September 11 attacks. A British documentary about his photograph, "The Falling Man", aired on Channel 4 on March 16, 2006.

Drew was one of the press photographers at the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy. He has worked as an Associated Press photographer for over 40 years.

Say You'll Be There

"Say You'll Be There" is a pop single by the Spice Girls. It was recorded in sometime in 1995 though it was not released until the middle of October 1996. The song is about relationships and setting conditions for staying together. The song has various mixes, one of them eight minutes and thirty seconds. The song peaked at #3 for the "Billboard" Hot 100. It hit #1 over western Europe. The song got mixed reviews from critics. The music video was filmed in the Mojave Desert and spent 2 weeks at No.1 in the UK. 

Juice (movie)

Juice is a 1992 American crime drama movie. It is about four young African-American male friends (Quincy "Q", Bishop, Raheem, and "Steel") in Harlem who are being having trouble with crime such as police and gangs every day. The friendship goes bad after a robbery. Bishop shoots several people, killing two of them near a building (including Raheem) and shooting Steel. The murderer later dies from falling off a building. It features rapper Tupac Shakur, who played Bishop.

The movie got very positive reviews. It was filmed and completed in late 1991.

All Japan Pro Wrestling

All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW/AJP) is an Japanese professional wrestling company founded on October 21, 1972 by Shohei Baba.

Baba died on January 31, 1999 and Mitsuharu Misawa became president afterwards. There was a majority vote of the executive board that wanted Misawa removed from his position which he was. On June 13, 2000, Misawa, Mitsuo Momota (co-vice president, member of directory), Kenta Kobashi (member of directory), Akira Taue (member of directory, chairman), Kenichi Oyagi (member of directory) and Yoshihiro Momota (member of directory) all resigned from their board positions and the next day, Motoko Baba (Shohei Baba's widow) released a two-page written statement where she claimed claimed that Misawa "took no responsibility and abandoned his duty." Misawa would go on to create Pro Wrestling Noah on August 5, 2000.

On October 27 2013, Dory Funk, Jr. was announced as the new PWF chairman.


Gary Holt

Gary Wayne Holt (born May 4, 1964 in Richmond, California) is an American guitarist. He currently plays for the thrash metal bands Exodus and Slayer.

He joined Exodus in 1981 when guitarist Tim Agnello left the band. He is the only member of Exodus to have played on every one of their albums. He joined Slayer as a fill-in for guitarist Jeff Hanneman who was out after he contracted necrotizing fasciitis. He played with Slayer at the Big 4 Concert in Indio, California on April 23, 2011. After Jeff Hanneman died on May 2, 2013, Holt agreed to fill in and still tours for Slayer.

He said in an interview that his favorite bands are Venom, Motörhead, Black Sabbath, early Iron Maiden and Judas Priest.

He will provide some guitar solos on Slayer's eleventh studio album with the rest of the guitar work being done by Kerry King. King said that Holt would not be participating in writing and said that "fans aren't ready for it."

Valon Berisha

Valon Berisha (born 7 February 1993) is a Norwegian football player. In 2020 he had his first games for Ligue 1 club Reims.

Before that, he played as a midfielder for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Berisha was born in Stockholm. His family is of Albanian origin. They moved from Kosovo to Sweden before he was born. His younger brother Veton also plays professional football for Viking Stavanger in Norway. He started football at the local club Egersunds IK. On 20 June 2008, when he was 15 years old, he played his first senior match for EIK against Staal Jørpeland IL in the Norwegian Third Division. His good performance attracted the interest of Viking Stavanger, a top club of Norway. He signed with them in March 2009. In July 2012 Berisha went on to Red Bull Salzburg together with his fellow Norwegian Håvard Nielsen. Unlike Nielsen he was soon part of the starting team of Salzburg.

Valon Berisha was part of every youth national team in Norway. For the Under-17, U-19 and U-21 teams he played 29 games and scored 3 goals. With the U-21 he played in the European Under-21 Championship 2013 in Israel and reached the semifinal. His first match in the senior team was on January 15, 2011. It was a friendly match against Denmark League XI (unofficial national football team run by the Danish Football Association).

Thomas Dähne

Thomas Dähne (born 4 January 1994) is a German professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Holstein Kiel.

Thomas Dähne started his career with TSV 1860 Rosenheim, before moving to the youth teams of Red Bull Salzburg. He then went on to the youth teams of FC Red Bull Salzburg. He played his first match for the Red Bull Juniors on 29 April 2010 in the third league match against TSV St. Johann. He became the main goalkeeper for FC Liefering. He made his debut on 26 May 2013 in a win against FK Austria Wien.

Dähne represented Germany in all youth teams up to the Under-20's team. He was goalkeeper during the 2011 FIFA Under-17 World Cup.

Duplex

A duplex is a building with apartments for two different households. A duplex usually looks like other houses, but it has a separate entrance for each household.

In some places, the word "duplex" is more specific: In some regions, a "duplex" is a building with one unit above the other, separated by a floor and ceiling, but the staircase for upstairs residents is almost always indoors. In other regions, a "duplex" is a twin house: The units are next to each other, separated by a wall. In some regions, the word "duplex" is used for both kinds of buildings. The word "duplex" is not used in some cities, particularly Detroit, Dallas or Chicago.

Some duplexes have basements. Others do not.

Townhouse

A townhouse, townhome, town house, or town home is a form of medium-density housing in cities and towns. Modern townhouses are those with a small footprint on several floors. The buildings are exclusively occupied by rich people in Boston, Chicago, New York City, Philadelphia and Detroit. In other cities or towns townhouses can be occupied regardless of income. It is a type of terraced housing. A contemporary townhouse is usually one that has a tiny footprint that spans several floors.

Townhouses date back to the 1700s.

Valentino Lazaro

Valentino Lazaro (born 23 March 1996) is an Austrian football player. He plays as an attacking midfielder for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

He started playing football for Grazer AK and went on to the youth academy of FC Red Bull Salzburg. He played his first game for the first team on 3 November 2012 against Admira Wacker Mödling. At 16 years and 224 days old he was the youngest player ever in the history of the Austrian Bundesliga. He came on in the 87th minute for Valon Berisha and was booked in the 88th minute.

He is also allowed to play for FC Liefering, the farm team of Red Bull Salzburg. This team is in the Heute für Morgen Erste Liga, the second league in Austrian football.

Then he went from Red Bull Salzburg to Hertha BSC. He scored his first goal for Hertha BSC in a 2–0 away win against Bayer Leverkusen on 10 February 2018. 2019 Lazaro joined Inter Milan. The next years he played on loan for Newcastle United and Borussia Mönchengladbach. 2021 he went on loan to Benfica.

Lazaro played for the Austria Under-16 and Under-17 youth national teams. With the U-17's he played in the 2013 FIFA U-17 World Cup in the United Arab Emirates. Lazaro made his debut for the Austria national team on 30 May 2014 in a 1–1 against Iceland in Innsbruck.

Red Bull Salzburg
Individual

Lincoln MKT

The Lincoln MKT was a luxury crossover. This vehicle was first made in 2009 for the 2010 model year. The vehicle could seat six or seven people. The MKT was built on the Ford D4 platform and served as the luxury counterpart to the Ford Flex and the Ford Explorer. The MKT replaced the Lincoln Town Car as well as the midsize Aviator SUV and slots between the fullsize Navigator SUV and MKZ midsize crossover SUV. Sales of the model have been slow and production ended in 2019 without a replacement.

Cadillac SRX

The Cadillac SRX was a luxury crossover first made in 2004. This vehicle was Cadillac's best selling model 2010 and after.

The vehicle had side air bags. It was updated for 2010 and discontinued in 2014.

Montgomery District

Montgomery District is an administrative district of the former Punjab Province of British India. This is now in Pakistan. It was named after Sir Robert Montgomery. The district was in the Bari Doab, between the Sutlej and the Ravi rivers. It also included the Rechna Doab, which is between the Ravi and the Chenab rivers. The administrative headquarters were located in the town of Montgomery, now called Sahiwal. The name of Montgomery District was changed to Sahiwal District in 1978.
Butt Computers 
Muhammad Nadeem
03027729031
Computer Hardware & Network Professional 
CCTV Cameras Technician

The district was subdivided into four tehsils:

Robert Montgomery (civil servant)

Sir Robert Montgomery, GCSI, KCB (born 2 December 1809 in Moville, County Donegal, Ireland, died 28 December 1887 in India) was a British colonial administrator in India. 

Robert was born at the family seat at New Park, Moville. He was educated at Foyle College, Londonderry; Wraxall Hall School, Wiltshire; and, from 1823-5, at Addiscombe Military Seminary, Croydon, Surrey. In 1827 he was appointed to the Indian Civil Service. He married in India and brought up a family. His second son was Henry, father of Field Marshal Montgomery. Henry inherited the family estate in Ireland after his father's death.


Gurdaspur District

Gurdaspur district is a district in the state of Punjab in India. Gurdaspur is the headquarters of the district. It borders Narowal District of the Pakistani Punjab, Kathua District of Jammu and Kashmir, the districts of Amritsar and Hoshiarpur in Punjab, and Chamba and Kangra districts of Himachal Pradesh. Two main rivers, Beas and Ravi, pass through the district. The Mughal emperor Akbar is said to have been enthroned in a garden near Kalanaur, a historically important town in the district. The district is in the foothills of the Himalayas.

Angry Birds Go!

Angry Birds Go! is a racing game developed by Rovio Entertainment. It is the first 3D video game by the company. It is also the first racing game in the "Angry Birds" series.

El Tio

El Tío ("The Uncle") is believed in Potosí, Bolivia to be the lord of the underworld. There are many statues of this spirit looking like a devil in the mines. El Tío rules over the mines, and is said to give both protection and destruction.

Elisa's

Elisa's is a Swedish dansband from Skaraborg. It was formed in 2009. The band is named after its lead singer Elisa Lindström. The band won the 2010 "Dansbandskampen" competition.

The band was launched by young musicians in Musikgymnasiet i Skövde (the Music College in Skövde). During 2010, the band's fame spread in Sweden. Their first single, "Hey Go So Long", was recorded in February 2010. In 2011 the band went to the top of the Swedish Albums Chart with their first studio album "Det här är bara början".

Elisa's consists of:



Drifters

Drifters is dansband from Skövde in Sweden. It was formed in 1962 and has won many prizes. They are signed to the Lionheart International record label.

In its existence since 1962 there were a number of important changes.

They also sang the theme song for television series "Möbelhandlarens", named "När du var här", in 2006.





Harley Jane Kozak

Harley Jane Kozak (born 28 January 1957) is an American actress and book writer. She starred in movies like "Parenthood" and "All I Want for Christmas". She played various characters in the CBS soap "Guiding Light".

Kozak was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. She was raised in Nebraska.

Jenny Saléns

Jenny Saléns is a dansband from Sweden. The band has scored successes at the Swedish album chart. It was formed in May 2003. Its saxophonist Niklas Adamsson won the "Wind musician of the Year" award at the 2007 Guldklaven awards. Bandmember Niklas Adamsson was chosen as "Cultural Award Winner of the Year" in Hylte Municipality later in 2007.

Jenny Saléns released their live album "Vår egen bröllopsdag" on 5 January 2008. It contains 15 songs recorded during a dancing event at Mälarsalen in Stockholm in November 2007.

The band participated at Dansbandskampen in 2008.





Forbes (band)

Forbes was a Swedish dansband of the 1970s.

The band represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1977, with the entry "Beatles". The song is about the British band The Beatles. Despite the popular topic of the song, Forbes ended in last place and received only two points. It was one of the worst placements ever for a Swedish entry at Eurovision. 

The band was made up of Peter Forbes, Roger Capello, Claes Bure, Peter Björk, Anders Hector and Chino Mariano.


OFC Nations Cup

The OFC Nations Cup is an international football (soccer) tournament held among member nations of the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC). It was first held in 1973, under the name Oceania Nations Cup. It was held every two years from 1996 to 2004; since then it has been held every four years.


Berth Idoffs

Berth Idoffs is a dansband from Bromölla, Sweden. It was formed in 1955.




Svensktoppen is a record chart in Sweden. These songs were successful enough to chart on Svensktoppen.

These songs were tested for Svensktoppen, but failed to enter the chart:


We Wish You a Merry Christmas

"We Wish You a Merry Christmas" is a popular 16th century Christmas carol that comes from the West Country of England. It comes from the English tradition in which rich people gave Christmas treats such as figgy puddings, a type of pudding like the modern day Christmas pudding, to carolers on Christmas Eve.

The Playtones

The Playtones is a Swedish rock band. It was formed in 2008 in Kallinge. Their music is influenced by rockabilly, and they play 1950s rock and roll. The band was called Boppin' Steve & The Playtones before 2008. They won the dansband competition Dansbandskampen in 2009. In 2011 the band competed in Melodifestivalen, the Swedish pre-seletion for the Eurovision Song Contest.



It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas

"It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas" is a popular Christmas song written by Meredith Willson in 1951. The song was originally titled "It's Beginning to Look Like Christmas". There have been versions done by many different singers, such as Perry Como and Bing Crosby. Crosby's version was extremely popular and is played a lot during the Christmas holidays.

A popular belief in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, holds that Willson wrote the song while staying in Yarmouth's Grand Hotel.

Luyten 726-8

Luyten 726-8 (UV Ceti or Gliese 65) is a binary star which is one of Earth's nearest neighbours. It is about 8.7 light years from Earth in the constellation Cetus. One of the pair, UV Ceti, was the archetype for the class of flare stars.

The star system was discovered in 1948 by W.J Luyten in the course of compiling a catalogue of stars of high proper motion; he noted its exceptionally high proper motion of 3.37 arc seconds annually and catalogued it as Luyten 726-8.

The two stars are of nearly equal brightness, with apparent magnitudes of 12.57 and 11.99 as seen from Earth. They orbit one another every 26.5 years. The distance between the two stars varies from 2.1 to 8.8 AU. Its own nearest neighbour is Tau Ceti, away from it.

Both the stars are variables. The most spectacular is Luyten 726-8B, which was given the variable star designation UV Ceti (the other star is also known as BL Ceti). Although UV Ceti was not the first flare star discovered, it is the most prominent example of such a star, and similar flare stars are now known as UV Ceti type variable stars. This star goes through fairly extreme changes of brightness: for instance, in 1952, its brightness increased by 75 times in only 20 seconds. UV Ceti is a red dwarf of spectral type M6.0e.

Ovaltine

Ovaltine is a brand of milk product mixed with whey, malt and sugar. Certain flavors also have cocoa. Before 2007, Ovaltine had competed against Nesquik, claiming it was better than Nesquik.

The product began in 1904.

George Darwin

Sir George Howard Darwin, KCB FRS (9 July 1845 – 7 December 1912) was an English astronomer and mathematician.

He was born at Down House in Kent. His father was Charles Darwin (a famous biologist). His mother was Emma Darwin (Charles's wife).

He worked at Cambridge University.

Florian Klein

Florian Klein (born 17 November 1986) is a former Austrian football player. He plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as a defender.

Klein started in September 1994 in the youth team for LASK Linz. He was promoted to the senior team in July 2004. He went on loan to FC Blau-Weiß Linz in the 2003–04 season and returned to LASK Linz after the end of the season. After 163 games in 14 years for LASK he signed with Austria Wien on 30 April 2009. In 2012 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg.

In July 2014 Klein moved to VfB Stuttgart. After three years he went back to Austria and joined FK Austria Wien again. In 2020 he ended his career.

Florian Klein played for the Under-19 and Under-21 team of Austria. He also played 17 matches for the A-team.

Red Bull Salzburg

Tokyo Police Club

Tokyo Police Club is a Canadian indie rock band from Newmarket, Ontario.

Tokyo Police Club was formed in 2005 by the members of the former band Suburbia. The band played at the Pop Montreal festival and were soon after signed to the Toronto label Paper Bag Records.

The band released their first record, an EP called "A Lesson in Crime", on April 25, 2006. Their second EP "Smith EP" was released on October 23, 2007 in Canada and on November 6, 2007 in the United States. They released their first studio album "Elephant Shell" on April 22, 2008. Their second studio album "Champ" was released on June 8, 2010. Their third album which is currently untitled is being mixed in Los Angeles.





Ida of Bernicia

Ida ( ) is the first known king of the Anglian kingdom of Bernicia. He was called Ida the 'Flame-bearer' by Welsh poets. Ida ruled from around 547 until his death. He is considered the founder of a line of Anglian kings who later ruled the powerful kingdom of Northumbria.

The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, under the year 547 states: "In this year Ida assumed the kingdom, from whom arose the royal race of the Northumbrians, and reigned twelve years, and he built "Bebanburh" (Bamborough), which was at first inclosed by a hedge, and afterwards by a wall." Ida captured the fortress of "Din Guairi" from the Britons. It would later be renamed Bamburgh. He defeated their leader who was named Outigern. Ida was a powerful warrior and king according to early sources. He is seen to have brought the north (north of the River Humber) under his protection. Ida would have been an . But at Ida's death his overkingship did not pass to his successor. At the time Ida ruled, Bernicia would have had British kingdoms to their north and west. Most these kingdoms were conquered at some point by the Bernicians. No records of the individual kingdoms or the battles they fought mention Ida. To the south was the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Deira. 

Nennius in his "Historia Brittonum" wrote that Ida united Bernicia with Deira. He also claimed that Ida was the first king of a united Northumbria 50 years before it actually happened. But Ida does not appear on any of the king's list for Deira. The king of Deira at this time was Yffi. According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle Ida had died by 560. Ida was succeeded by Glappa who reigned for one year.


Perikles

Perikles is a Swedish dansband. It was formed in 1974. Their most successful single on the charts has been "Var ska vi sova i natt?". It is a cover version of "Sarà perché ti amo". The band has released many albums that include both their own music and versions of other people's music.

Perikles participated in Melodifestivalen in 1994 with the song "Vill du resa till månen med mig?". It was in a bid to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest the same year.

The band has seen many changes to personnel. The current members are:




Zekes

Zekes was a dansband from Skara, Sweden. It was formed in January 2009. The band participated at Dansbandskampen in 2009, where they reached the final. On 27 December 2009, the song "I ett fönster" entered Svensktoppen, the Swedish record chart.

In June 2012, SR Skaraborg announced that the band would split up after its summer tour of 2012. Their final appearance was at Matfestivalen in Skövde in August that year.




Rolandz

Rolandz is a dansband from Sweden. It was established in 2008 by Robert Gustafsson. They first became successful during a Dansbandskampen break appearance in 2008. In 2009, the band participated at "Allsång på Skansen" on 7 July 2009.

The singer and leader of Rolandz is the character Roland Järverup, whom Robert Gustafsson played in the 1999 movie "Screwed in Tallinn" by Killinggänget. The idea to create Rolandz using the Roland Järverup character was developed later.



Larz-Kristerz

Larz-Kristerz is a Swedish dansband. It was founded in Älvdalen in 2001. It was the winner of the 2008 edition of Dansbandskampen. The band is known to use Hagström instruments and public address systems. Their album "Hem till dig" famously stopped U2's "No Line On the Horizon" from reaching number 1 in the Swedish charts. It was the only country where "No Line On the Horizon" did not reach this position.




Radio Flyer

Radio Flyer is a drama and fantasy movie. It was released in February 1992. The story is about two boys who endured child abuse in the 1950s, alcoholism and desertion by their family. One of the boys escapes a tormenting man to whom his mother got married. Lorraine Bracco plays Mary, Elijah Wood plays Mike and Tom Hanks plays adult Mike.

The movie got negative reviews from movie critics. Roger Ebert, in particular, condemned "Radio Flyer" as using fantasy to escape child abuse.


Practical Magic

Practical Magic is a romantic comedy drama movie. It was released October 1998. The story is based on a novel from the 1990s. It is about sisters who are witches. After the death of their parents, they are raised by aunts who are also witches. Sandra Bullock and Nicole Kidman play the sisters. Stockard Channing and Dianne Wiest play the aunts.

"Practical Magic" received very bad reviews. Against a budget of $75 million, the movie took in only $68 million.

Angry Birds Space

Angry Birds Space is a video game developed by Rovio Entertainment. Similar to "Angry Birds", players use a slingshot to control birds without wings. The target is to destroy all the pigs. However, the gravitational field is completely different from "Angry Birds".

The game was released on 22 March 2012.

Lil Scrappy

Darryl Raynard Richardson III (born January 19, 1984) is an American rapper. He is better known as Lil Scrappy.

He was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

He released his first album "Bred 2 Die · Born 2 Live" on December 5, 2006. The album featured the single "Money in the Bank". This song was featured in the video game "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007". He released his second album "Tha Gru$tle" on June 26, 2012.

He also was featured in the hip hop drama movie "Just Another Day" where he played the character "Jay". Scrappy appears on the VH1 reality show "". He is working on a third studio album which is expected to be released sometime in Spring 2014.


Lalande 21185

Lalande 21185 is the largest red dwarf ever discovered with a diameter of , It is located in the constellation of Ursa Major. Although relatively close by, it's visual magnitude is only 7 in visible light and thus is too dim to see with the naked eye. The star is visible through a small telescope.

At about away this star is the fifth closest stellar system to the Sun; only the Alpha Centauri system, Barnard's Star, WISE 1049-5319 and Wolf 359 are closer. Because of its proximity it is a frequent subject for astronomical surveys and other research. It is known by other designations, such as BD+36 2147, Gliese 411, and HD 95735.

Reorganized National Government of China

The Reorganized National Government of China (), also known as the Wang Jingwei Regime () was a puppet government in China. It was led by Wang Jingwei, under the protection and support of the Empire of Japan. The regime ended in 1945, at the end of World War II and the fall of the japanese army in China.

The Wang Jingwei Regime was recoginized only by Japan and the others Axis powers as the legimit government of China.

Hong Kong 1967 Leftist riots

Hong Kong 1967 Leftist riots were a series of leftist riots under the effect of the Cultural Revolution. At the beginning, there were just strike actions and demonstrations. Later they grew into large-scale demonstrations against British colonial rule. The riots became more violent when the leftists set off bombs in the city. They also resorted to murdering some members of the press who voiced their opposition to the violence. In total there were 51 deaths and 802 injuries were caused in the riots.

Ross 154

Ross 154 (also named V1216 Sgr) is a star in the southern zodiac constellation of Sagittarius. It has an apparent magnitude of 10.44, so it is much too faint to be seen with the naked eye. The distance to this star can be estimated from parallax measurements, which places it at away from Earth. It is the nearest star in the southern constellation Sagittarius, and one of the closest to the Sun.

This star was first catalogued by American astronomer Frank Elmore Ross in 1925. Ross 154 was found to be a UV Ceti-type flare star, with a mean time between major flares of about two days. The first such flare activity was observed from Australia in 1951 when the star increased in magnitude by 0.4. Usually, the star will increase by 3–4 magnitudes during a flare. 

Ross 154 is an X-ray source and it has been detected by several X-ray observatories. The quiescent X-ray luminosity is about . X-ray flare emission from this star has been observed by Chandra observatory, with a particularly large flare emitting .

This is a red dwarf star that is generating energy through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen at its core. It has an estimated 17% of the Sun's mass and 24% of the Sun's radius, but it is radiating only 0.38% of the luminosity of the Sun.
This is probably a young star with an age of less than a billion years.<warg/> The abundance of elements heavier than helium is about half that in the Sun.


LaTavia Roberson

LaTavia Marie Roberson (born November 1, 1981) is an American singer and songwriter. She started the girl band Destiny's Child with Beyoncé Knowles in 1990. She was a member until 2000.

In August 2013 Roberson gave birth to a baby girl.

Rodnei

Rodnei Francisco de Lima (born 11 September 1985 in São Paulo), is a Brazilian football player. His player name is Rodnei. He is playing for SV Anthering in Austria as a defender.

Rodnei started his career in Brazil for C.A. Juventus. He then moved to Lithuania. He played for FC Vilnius. In 2007 he moved to Pão de Açúcar EC from Rio de Janeiro but was loaned to Jagiellonia Białystok. His next teams were Hertha BSC and 1. FC Kaiserslautern in the German Bundesliga. In 2012 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg. He played 18 matches. In the 2013–14 season he only played 3 matches because he was injured.

Havard Nielsen

Håvard Nielsen (born 15 July 1993) is a Norwegian football player. He plays as a forward for Eintracht Braunschweig in the German Bundesliga.

Nielsen grew up in the Oslo suburb of Oppsal. He began his career with the local club, Oppsal IF. In 2007 he played for Vålerenga Oslo. On 5 October 2009 he played his first match in the Norwegian Premier League against Viking. He was the youngest ever Vålerenga player. In January 2011, he signed a three-year professional contract with Vålerenga.

By the age of 18, Nielsen was an experienced player. On 11 July 2012, he scored his first hat-trick for Vålerenga in the match against Odd Grenland.

In July 2012 he signed with Red Bull Salzburg together with his friend Valon Berisha. In Salzburg he scored a hat-trick in the match against Admira Wacker Mödling during a 4-4 draw. In the following matches he often played only as substitute. After only a few matches he went to Eintracht Braunschweig on loan.

Nielsen played in all of Norway's national football teams up to the Under-21 team. He played in the U21 European Championship in Israel where the squad reached the semifinals. In November 2012 he played his first match in the national team in a friendly match against Hungary.

Hyades (star cluster)

The Hyades (also known as Melotte 25 or Collinder 50) is the nearest open star cluster to the Solar System and one of the best-studied of all star clusters. 

The Hipparcos satellite, the Hubble Space Telescope, and infrared color-magnitude diagram fitting agree a distance of ~153 ly (47 pc) to the cluster centre. The distances given by these three independent methods make the Hyades an important rung on the cosmic distance ladder. 

The cluster consists of a roughly spherical group of hundreds of stars sharing the same age, place of origin, chemical content, and motion through space. From the perspective of observers on Earth, the Hyades cluster is in the constellation Taurus, where its brightest stars form a "V" shape with the even brighter red giant Aldebaran. Aldebaran is completely unrelated to the Hyades, because it is much closer to Earth (hence its apparent brightness) and just happens to lie along the same line of sight.

The four brightest member stars of the Hyades are all red giants that began life as A-type stars and have now evolved off the main sequence. All are within a few light years of each other. Their Bayer designations are Gamma, Delta, Epsilon, and Theta Tauri. They form a pattern which was identified as the head of Taurus the Bull. Epsilon Tauri, also known as Ain (the "Bull's Eye"), harbours at least one gas giant planet.

The age of the Hyades is about 625 million years. The cluster core, where stars are most densely packed, has a radius of 2.7 parsecs (corresponding to a diameter of 17.6 light years), and the cluster's tidal radius is 10 parsecs (corresponding to a diameter of 65 light years). About one-third of confirmed member stars have been observed well outside this boundary, in the cluster's extended halo. These stars are probably in the process of escaping from its gravitational influence.

Central and South Asian Football Federation

The Central and South Asian Football Federation (CASAFF) is a sub-grouping of the Asian Football Confederation. It consists of 12 countries divided into two groups: the South Asian Football Federation (SAFF, eight countries) and the Central Asian Football Federation (CAFF, four countries). This confederation is the least successful of the four sub-federations of the Asian Football Confederation.


Kathryn Hahn

Kathryn Hahn (born July 23, 1973) is an American actress. She played Lily for six years in the television program "Crossing Jordan" on NBC. She played a hippie in the sitcom "Our Idiot Brother", also on NBC. She also played Karen in the movie "Wanderlust".

Hahn was born in Westchester, Illinois, near Chicago. She was raised near Cleveland, Ohio.

Cleveland Heights, Ohio

Cleveland Heights is a mid-sized city in northeastern Ohio. The city is a suburb of Cleveland. The population in the 2020 United States Census was just over 45,000.

It was founded in 1903 as a village. The city government was formed on August 1921.

Malmesbury

Malmesbury is a market town in north Wiltshire, just south of the Cotswolds. The town became popular during the Middle Ages as the abbey as a center for learning. It is the oldest borough in England. Malmesbury was created by a charter of Alfred the Great about 880 AD. It was once the site of an Iron Age hill fort.

Ottawa Public Library

The Ottawa Public Library (abbreviated OPL) is a library in Ottawa, Canada. It was founded in 1906. This is the largest bilingual library (English and French) of North America. 

Frozen food

Frozen food is food that is frozen to be preserved for eating later. Frozen food is done this way to keep the food from spoiling as fast. Such products do not need preservatives. Frozen foods are usually packaged or put in containers.

Some foods that are often frozen are vegetables, pizzas and chicken.

Outkast

Outkast (sometimes written as OutKast) was an American hip hop duo. It members were musicians, André "André 3000" Benjamin and Antwan "Big Boi" Patton. At first they were known as Two Shades Deep. Their early music was a mixture of Southern hip hop and G-funk. Their later music includes rock, electronic, soul, jazz, funk, and blues sounds. In 2003 Outkast's singles "Hey Ya!" and "The Way You Move" from "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below" reached both number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Outkast has won six Grammy Awards.

Outkast started in 1992 when Benjamin and Patton were students at Tri-Cities High School in Atlanta. They were signed to LaFace Records that year. Their first album, "Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik", was released on April 26, 1994. The album was produced by Organized Noize. The album was important in the making of Southern hip hop.

In 1996, Outkast released their second album, "ATLiens". It entered the US "Billboard" 200 at number two. Three singles were released from the album.

Outkast's third album "Aquemini" was released on September 29, 1998. It got good reviews from music critics.

On October 31, 2000, "Stankonia" was released. It entered the "Billboard" 200 at number two after selling over 530,000 copies in its first week. Outkast's first greatest hits album "Big Boi and Dre Present... Outkast" was released on December 4, 2001.

They did have tours for these four albums.
The Southernplaylisticadillacmuzic Tour (1994-1995)<br>
The ATLiens Tour (1996-1997)<br>
The Aquemini Tour (1998-1999)<br>
The Stankonia Tour (2000-2001)<br>

In September 2003, Outkast released "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below". The album was different to Outkast's previous albums because it was a double album. The double album is actually two albums. "Speakerboxxx", the first disc, is an album by Big Boi. "The Love Below", the second disc, is an album by André 3000. "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below" is Outkast's best selling album so far. It won a Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 2004. It was the first hip hop album to win the award. The album's first single "Hey Ya!" was number one in the United States for nine weeks. It sold over one million copies there. It also reached number one in Canada, Australia, Norway, and Sweden. The second single "The Way You Move" spent eight weeks at number two in the "Billboard" Hot 100. In 2004, the album's third single "Roses" was released. It reached number four in the UK Singles Chart.

They had a tour for this album from 2003-2004.

On August 22, 2006 Outkast's sixth album "Idlewild" was released. The album was the soundtrack for the movie "Idlewild". Rolling Stone gave the album four out of five stars.

They had a mini-tour in 2006.


Gangnam District

Gangnam District is one of the 25 gu (local government districts) which make up the city of Seoul, South Korea. Gangnam is Seoul's third biggest district. The music video for Psy's 2012 number one "Gangnam Style" was made in Gangnam District.

Keeping Up with the Kardashians

Keeping Up with the Kardashians is an American reality television series that airs on E!. It started on October 14, 2007. It is about the personal and professional lives of the Kardashian and Jenner families. It has aired for 20 seasons. It aired its 100th episode on August 11, 2013.

It focuses on sisters Kourtney, Kim, and Khloé Kardashian, as well as their brother Rob Kardashian, their mother Kris Jenner, their stepfather Caitlyn Jenner, their half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner, and Kourtney's boyfriend Scott Disick.

The show has gotten good reviews from critics. However, it is often criticized for using the "famous for being famous" concept, where a celebrity becomes famous for no identifiable reason. It has also been criticized for making up most of its storyline. The show has had four spin-offs: "Kourtney and Kim Take Miami", "Kourtney and Kim Take New York", "Khloé & Lamar" and "Kourtney and Khloe Take the Hamptons".
On September 8, 2020, the family announced the show will end in 2021, after 20 seasons. The show ended on June 20, 2021.


Rap God

"Rap God" is a 2013 hip hop song by the American rapper Eminem. It is the third single from his eighth studio album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2" which was released on November 5, 2013. 

Eminem raps 97 words in 15 seconds (an average of 6.5 words per second) in a verse that starts 4:26 into the song. He described this as "supersonic speed":

The song has been praised for Eminem's rapping speed and his lyrical ability, however, it was also criticized by left-wing people and the gay community as being "homophobic" due to the lyrics.

It was ranked #14 on Complex's list of the 50 best songs of 2013 and it was ranked #15 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 best songs of 2013.


Connex South Eastern

Connex South Eastern was a train operating company in the United Kingdom. It was owned by Connex. It operated the South Eastern Passenger Rail Franchise from October 1996 until November 2003.

On 8 November 2003, Its services were stopped because of money problems and using old trains instead of buying new ones.

Connex South Eastern ran passenger services from London Blackfriars, London Bridge, London Cannon Street, London Charing Cross and London Victoria to Hayes,
Bromley North, Ramsgate, Dover Priory, Folkestone Harbour and Ore.

It also ran services between Sittingbourne and Sheerness; Paddock Wood, Maidstone West and Strood; and Maidstone West, Redhill and Three Bridges.

Connex South Eastern had taken on a large fleet of slam-door and power-door electric multiple units from Network SouthEast. The slam-door EMUs were Class 411s, Class 421s and Class 423s, built between 1956 and 1974, while the power-door EMUs were Class 365s, Class 465s and Class 466s, built between 1991 and 1995 as part of Network SouthEast's Networker family.

In 1998 Connex South Eastern leased twelve Class 508s from Angel Trains to replace some of the old Class 411s.

Connex South Eastern ordered 10 three-carriage and 102 four-carriage Class 375s, and 36 five-carriage Class 376s in a couple of batches with the first entering service in April 2001.

Between 4 February and 20 March 2002, because of a shortage of trains, a preserved Class 201 "Hastings" unit was on loan to Connex South Eastern to operate two return journeys on Monday to Fridays between Charing Cross and Hastings.

 

South Eastern Trains

South Eastern Trains was a train operating company that operated the South Eastern Passenger Rail Franchise from November 2003 until 1 April 2006.

It took over from Connex South Eastern in November 2003 and was taken over by Southeastern in April 2006.


Nonpareils

Nonpareils are a decorative confectionery of tiny balls made with sugars and starch. They come in many colors. They are used for decorating cakes, bread and cookies.

Nonpareils date back to the 18th century.

Lulu Roman

Lulu Roman (or Bertha Louise Hable; born 6 May 1946) is an American comedian and singer. She acted in the television comedy "Hee Haw". She sings mostly gospel music. In 1984, Roman received a Dove Award from the Gospel Music Association for her album "You were Loving Me". In 2003 she was the author of a book titled "Kitchen Komforts". 

Roman was born in Dallas, Texas.

Surge

Surge was a soft drink manufactured (made) by The Coca-Cola Company. The product was made mostly in the United States beginning in early 1997. The soda was marketed as a substitute to Mountain Dew. It was created because Coca-Cola wanted to take customers from Pepsi. The brand was very popular at first, but that didn't last.

Surge stopped being made in 2003. Surge was re-released by Coca-Cola as an Amazon exclusive in packs of 12 16oz cans because of the success of the "Surge Movement" campaign on September 15, 2014.

Brittney Griner

Brittney Yevette Griner (born October 18, 1990) is an American basketball player. She is 6 ft and 8 inches tall. She was the first NCAA basketball player ever to score 2,000 points and block 500 shots. She came out as lesbian in 2013. She plays for the Phoenix Mercury of the Women’s National Basketball Association. She was signed by Nike to model their mens clothes. Griner was born in Houston, Texas.

In February 2022, Griner was arrested by Russian officials for carrying vape pens in her luggage. She had been entering Russia to play with the Russian Premier League during the WNBA offseason. On August 4, 2022, Griner was sentenced to nine years in Russian prison. On December 8, 2022, she was released by Russia during a prisoner swap for arms dealer Viktor Bout.


Frédéric Back

Frédéric Back (April 8, 1924 – December 24, 2013) was a Canadian artist and movie director of short animated movies. He won two Academy Awards. His first was for his movie "Tout rein" and his second for "Crac!".

Back was born in Saarbrücken, Saar. He moved to Canada in 1948. He worked as a teacher at École des Beaux-Arts de Montréal. Back died of cancer in Montreal on December 24, 2013.


Allan McKeown

John McKeown, better known as Allan McKeown (21 May 1946 – 24 December 2013), was a British television producer. He was known for producing "Tracey Takes On...". This show starred his wife Tracey Ullman. He won an Emmy Award.

McKeown was born in London. He married Ullman in 1983. They had two children. Their marriage would last until McKeown's death. He lived in Los Angeles. His net worth was £75 million.

McKeown died in Los Angeles, after suffering from prostate cancer.


Adnan Şenses

Adnan Şenses (21 August 1935 – 25 December 2013) was a Turkish musician and actor. 

Şenses was born in Bursa, Turkey. He was raised and studied in Ankara. He began his singing career in 1956. He appeared in over 47 movies.

Şenses died from stomach cancer in Istanbul, aged 78.

Dr. Tangalanga

Julio Victorio De Rissio (10 November 1916 – 26 December 2013), or Dr. Tangalanga, was a famous Argentine comedian, actor and writer. He was known for his prank phone calls to people who were not expecting it.

Tangalanga was born in Buenos Aires. His career began in 1964. Tangalanga died in Buenos Aires from natural causes. He was aged 97.


William Jay Smith

William Jay Smith (22 April 1918 – 18 August 2015) was an American poet. He was the 19th Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress from 1968 to 1970. 

William Jay Smith was born in Winnfield, Louisiana. He was raised in Jackson Barracks, Missouri. Smith studied at Washington University in St. Louis.

Smith married Barbara Howes in 1947. They had two children. Howes and Smith divorced during the mid-1960s. As of 2008, he lived in two houses, one in Cummington, Massachusetts and the other in Paris.

Smith died in Lenox, Massachusetts at the age of 97.



Hal Moore

Harold Gregory "Hal" Moore Jr. (February 13, 1922 – February 10, 2017) was a lieutenant general in the United States Army. He was also an author. Moore was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross, which is the second highest military honor of the United States Army.

Moore was born in Bardstown, Kentucky. He graduated from the Military Academy in 1945. He was the first of his class to be promoted to brigadier general, major general, and lieutenant general. He fought during the Korean War and Vietnam War.

Drew Dennis Dix

Drew Dennis Dix (born December 14, 1944) is a United States military veteran. He was a major in the United States Army. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Vietnam War. He was the first enlisted Special Forces soldier to receive the medal.

Charles H. Coolidge

Charles Henry Coolidge (August 4, 1921 – April 6, 2021) was a United States Army soldier. He was awarded the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor. He received this honor for his actions in World War II. He was the oldest living person to have been given the Medal of Honor at the time of his death.

Coolidge died on April 6, 2021 at his home in Chattanooga, Tennessee from problems caused by multiple sclerosis, aged 99.

Hector A. Cafferata Jr.

Hector Albert Cafferata, Jr. (November 4, 1929 – April 12, 2016) was a retired United States Marine. He received the Medal of Honor for his heroic service at the Battle of Chosin Reservoir during the Korean War. 

He had been a private during the War. In November 1950, he fought off a regiment of enemy forces by himself. He did this by throwing a live grenade. He badly injured himself by doing this. However, he saved the injured Marines in his unit. He was awarded the Medal of Honor in a ceremony at the White House by President Harry S. Truman on November 24, 1952.

Cafferata was born in New York City. He died on April 12, 2016 in Venice, Florida, aged 86.

Elinor Donahue

Mary Eleanor Donahue (born April 19, 1937), best known as Elinor Donahue, is an American actress. She was known for her role in the 1950s sitcom, "Father Knows Best". She was born in Tacoma, Washington

Donahue was married for nearly 30 years to producer Harry Ackerman. They met each other on the set of "Father Knows Best". She and Ackerman had three children together: Peter, James, and Christopher Ackerman.


Lilyan Chauvin

Lilyan Chauvin (born Lilyan Zemoz August 6, 1925 – died June 26, 2008) was a French-American actress, television host, director and writer.

She appeared in some famous movies such as "Silent Night, Deadly Night" (1984) and "Catch Me If You Can" (2002). In the 1990s and 2000s she guest-starred in such television shows as "The X-Files", "", "Friends", "Alias", "Malcolm in the Middle" and "Ugly Betty".

Chauvin died at her home in Studio City, California. She was aged 82. She had suffered from breast cancer for many years and from congestive heart disease.


Fred Stobaugh

Fred Stobaugh (August 22, 1917 – November 23, 2016) was an American retired driver and songwriter. He became well known after he submitted a song, "Oh Sweet Lorraine", to a music competition. The song was about his wife of 72 years. It became a viral video in September 2013. The song was soon entered in the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Stobaugh was born on August 22, 1917 in Peoria, Illinois. He met his wife Lorraine Dinquel in 1938. They were married in 1940. They had three children. Dinquel died in April 2013.

Stobaugh died on November 23, 2016 in Peoria, aged 99.

A few months after his wife's death, Stobaugh wrote the song "Oh Sweet Lorraine". He entered a singer-songwriter competition hosted by Green Shoe Studio. The video of their recording sessions attracted more than six million hits on YouTube and Vimeo. In September 2013, the song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at No. 42. He is the oldest artist to have appeared on the Hot 100.


Ronald Reagan Freedom Award

The Ronald Reagan Freedom Award is the highest civilian honor by the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation. The award is given to "those who have made monumental and lasting contributions to the cause of freedom worldwide."

Today, the award is given by Former First Lady Nancy Reagan on behalf of her husband, who died in June 2004. The award was first given in 1992, by President Ronald Reagan himself, as well as in 1993, but in 1994 Mrs. Reagan presented the award instead of her husband due to his poor health.

In order to receive this honor, the recipient must "have made monumental and lasting contributions to the cause of freedom worldwide," as well as "embody President Reagan's lifelong belief that one man or woman truly can make a difference."


Westerlund 1

Westerlund 1 (Wd1, also called Ara Cluster) is a compact young super star cluster. It is in the Milky Way galaxy, about 3.5–5 kiloparsecs (12000–16000 light years) away from Earth.

It is the most massive compact young star cluster known in the entire Local Group of galaxies. It was discovered by Bengt Westerlund in 1961. It remained largely unstudied for many years due to high interstellar extinction (absorption) in its direction. In the future, it will probably evolve into a globular cluster.

The cluster contains a large number of rare, evolved, high-mass stars, including: six yellow hypergiants, four red supergiants, 24 Wolf-Rayet stars, a luminous blue variable, many OB supergiants, and an unusual supergiant sgB[e] star which may be the remnant of a recent stellar merger. In addition, X-ray observations have revealed the presence of a strange X-ray pulsar, a slow rotating neutron star that must have formed from a high-mass progenitor star. Westerlund 1 is believed to have formed in a single burst of star formation, so the stars have similar ages and compositions.

Apart from hosting some of the most massive and least-understood stars in the galaxy, Westerlund 1 is useful as an example of a relatively nearby, so easier to observe, super star cluster to help astronomers find out what happens in extragalactic super star clusters.

Wd1 is too far away for direct measurement of the distance by parallax measurements, so the distance must be got from the expected absolute magnitude of the stars and estimates of the extinction towards the cluster. This has been done, giving estimates of 5 kpc and 3.6 kpc by different methods. These estimates all place Wd1 near the outer edge of the Milky Way's galactic bar.

Super star cluster

Super star clusters are huge star clusters of very young large stars. They are thought to be precursors of globular clusters. Their short-lived huge blue stars emit lots of UV radiation which ionises the surrounding gas. Examples are Westerlund 1 and 2 in the Milky Way, and R136 in the Larger Magellanic Cloud. Nearby galaxy NGC 1569 has two SSCs.

Miss Representation

Miss Representation is a 2011 American documentary film. It was written, directed, and produced by Jennifer Siebel Newsom. It is about how the American media is sexist. The documentary has interviews with Condoleezza Rice, Margaret Cho, Jane Fonda, Lisa Ling, Nancy Pelosi, Katie Couric, Rachel Maddow, Rosario Dawson, Cory Booker, Geena Davis, Dr. Jackson Katz, Dr. Jean Kilbourne, and Gloria Steinem. On January 22, 2011 the film was shown at the Sundance Film Festival. "Miss Representation" won Outstanding Documentary at the 2012 Gracie Allen Awards.

Brandi Love

Tracey Lynn Livermore (born March 29, 1973), known professionally as Brandi Love, is an American adult model and pornographic actress. She is the co-owner and Chief Financial Officer of No Rivals Media, a pornography company. She is also the creator of parentsinadult.com, an organization dedicated to parents working in the sex industry.

She was born in Dearborn, Michigan.


Simi Valley, California

Simi Valley is a city in the state of California, in the United States. As of the 2020 Census the population is 126,356.

Royal Academy of Dramatic Art

The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) is a drama school in London, England. It is one of the oldest drama schools in the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1904 by Herbert Beerbohm Tree. It is thought to be one of the best drama schools in the world. Architect Bryan Avery designed the university.

The President of RADA is actor Kenneth Branagh since the death of Richard Attenborough in August 2014. The Vice-Chairman is yet to be announced since the last one Alan Rickman died while in position in January 2016. Many famous actors have studied here.

Lưu Hữu Phước

Lưu Hữu Phước (12 September 1921 - 8 June 1989) was a Vietnamese composer. He composed "Thanh Niên Hành Khúc" (English: "March of the Students"), the national anthem of South Vietnam. After he became a communist, he composed "Giải phóng miền Nam" (English: Release the South), the national anthem of Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam.

Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam

Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam, also known as Republic of South Vietnam or PRG was a former country that existed in Asia from 1969 to 1976. It was established on 6 June, 1969 with the support of North Vietnam and Viet Cong. The PRG existed as an underground government to the Republic of Vietnam until 1975. On 30 April, 1975, following the surrender of the government of Republic of Vietnam, the PRG officially became the government of Southern Vietnam. From then, it existed as an puppet state of North Vietnam. On 2 July, 1976, the PRG merged with North Vietnam to create a new country - Socialist Republic of Vietnam.

İstiklâl Marşı

"İstiklâl Marşı" (, meaning "The Independence March") is the national anthem of Turkey. It became the national anthem on 12 March 1921, two and a half years before the Republic of Turkey became a country. This song, at first, was really meant to excite troops that were fighting in the Turkish War of Independence. Nowadays, it is an important symbol of Turkish nationalism and patriotism.

The words were written by Mehmet Âkif Ersoy, and the music was composed by Osman Zeki Üngör. The main theme about this song is about the homeland of the Turkish people and their liberty. They relate to their flag and spirit of their homeland. Part of the words mention the sacrifice of the soldiers, as well as the Turkish National Movement's victory of the War of Independence.

It is also used as the national anthem of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC), a country only Turkey recognises as sovereign. In that part of Cyprus, this song was adopted in 1983 under Article II of the Constitution of Northern Cyprus.

Only the first two verses (highlighted in bold) are officially part of the national anthem and are performed in ceremonies.

Emilie de Ravin

Emilie de Ravin (born 27 December 1981) is an Australian actress, best known for her starring roles as Tess Harding in the sci-fi series "Roswell" (2000–2002), Claire Littleton in the ABC drama series "Lost" (2004–2008, 2010), and Belle in the American Broadcasting Company fantasy-drama series "Once Upon a Time" (2011–2018).

Ravin was born in Mount Eliza, Victoria, Australia.

Survivor Series (1993)

Survivor Series (1994) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 24, 1993 at Boston Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. It was the seventh Survivor Series event held by the WWF.


Robert W. Wilson (philanthropist)

Robert Warne Wilson (November 3, 1926 – December 23, 2013) was an American hedge fund manager and philanthropist. He founded Wilson & Associates in 1969 after years of working as a securities analyst. He retired in 1986. By 2000 he was worth an estimated US$800 million dollars.

Wilson was born in Detroit, Michigan. He also collected fine art. Wilson was openly gay.

Wilson gave away over $400 million (according to some more than $500 million) to environmental and preservation organizations. These included the Nature Conservancy and the World Monuments Fund.

Wilson died at the age of 87. He jumped from the 16th floor of his apartment in Manhattan, New York. He had suffered a stroke in the month of June, before his suicide.

Junction City, Kansas

Junction City is a city in the state of Kansas, in the United States. It is the county seat of Geary County.

Manhattan, Kansas

Manhattan is a city in the state of Kansas in the United States. It is at the junction of the Kansas River and Big Blue River. It is the county seat of Riley County. The city extends into Pottawatomie County. In 2020, 54,100 people lived there. It is sometimes confused with Manhattan, New York.

The city was created by settlers from the New England Emigrant Aid Company. They created it as a Free-State town in the 1850s. This was during the Bleeding Kansas era. It is nicknamed "The Little Apple" as a play on New York City's "Big Apple". Manhattan is best known as where Kansas State University is. It is a college town.

Fort Riley, a United States Army base, is west of Manhattan.

Before settlement by European-Americans in the 1850s, Native American tribes lived in the area. From 1780 to 1830 it was where the Kaw people (also known as the Kansa) lived. The Kaw settlement was called Blue Earth Village (Manyinkatuhuudje). It was named after the river the tribe called the Great Blue Earth River. It is known as the Big Blue River. The river intersected with the Kansas River by their village. Blue Earth Village was the place of a large battle between the Kaw and the Pawnee in 1812.

The Kaw tribe lost their land in a treaty signed at the Shawnee Methodist Mission on January 14, 1846.

The Kansas–Nebraska Act opened the Kansas territory to settlement by U.S. citizens in 1854. In Fall 1854, George S. Park created the first white settlement where Manhattan is. Park named it Polistra (some refer to it as Poliska or Poleska).

In late 1854, Samuel D. Houston and three other people created Canton, a nearby community. It was near the mouth of the Big Blue River. Neither Canton nor Polistra ever grew beyond their original founders.

In 2007, CNN and "Money" magazine said Manhattan was one of the ten best places in America to retire young. In 2011, "Forbes" said Manhattan was the best for "Best Small Communities for a Business and Career."

Manhattan is at (39.190142, −96.586818), or about west of Topeka on the Kansas River.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has an area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Manhattan is in Kansas' Flint Hills region. That region has rolling hills covered in tall grasses. However, the downtown area was built on a broad, flat floodplain at the junction of the Kansas and Big Blue rivers. Manhattan is the biggest town in the Flint Hills. The Flint Hills Discovery Center is in Manhattan.

Tuttle Creek Reservoir is north of Manhattan. The lake was created when the Big Blue River was dammed to help stop floods in the 1960s. It is a state park that has many things to do. The Konza Prairie, a tallgrass prairie preserve owned by The Nature Conservancy and Kansas State University, is south of Manhattan.

Manhattan has a humid continental climate (Köppen "Dfa"). It has hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters. The hottest temperature was on August 13, 1936. The coldest temperature was on February 12, 1899.

The state of Kansas falls within an area sometimes called Tornado Alley. The worst tornado in Manhattan was at 10:30 pm on June 11, 2008. Thirty-one homes and some businesses were destroyed by the EF4 tornado. The tornado caused about $20 million in damage to Kansas State University's campus. Some university buildings got a lot of damage. The tornado's winds destroyed the Wind Erosion Laboratory's garage. No one was killed.

Before that, the worst tornado to hit Manhattan was on June 8, 1966. The 1966 tornado caused $5 million in damage. It injured at least 65 people in Manhattan.

The worst floods in Manhattan's history were the 1903 and 1908 floods, the Great Flood of 1951 and the Great Flood of 1993.

Manhattan is the main city of the Manhattan metropolitan area. In 2014, there was am estimated 98,091 people living there. It is also the main city of the Manhattan-Junction City, Kansas Combined Statistical Area. In 2014, there was an estimated 134,804 people living there. That would make it the fourth biggest urban area in Kansas.

In 2020, there were 54,100 people, 21,414 households, and 9,995 families living in the city. Of the households, 39.4% owned their home and 60.6% rented their home.

The median age was 25.4 years. Of the people, 76.0% were White, 5.9% were Black, 5.3% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 0.3% were Pacific Islanders, 3.5% were from some other race, and 8.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.2% of the people.

In 2010, there were 52,281 people, 20,008 households, and 9,466 families living in Manahttan.

Manhattan uses a council-manager system. It has a five-member City Commission. Elections are nonpartisan. They happen every other year, in odd-numbered years. Three City Commission positions are chosen in each election. The Mayor has the same voting rights as other Commissioners and does not have a veto.

Manhattan is in Kansas's 1st congressional district. Republican Roger Marshall represents Manhattan in the United States House of Representatives.

Manhattan's economy is based on the public sector. Kansas State University is the biggest employer in town. Its 24,000 students help support the retail and entertainment venues in Manhattan. The second-biggest employer in Manhattan is the city school district. Many civilians and military personnel are employed by Fort Riley. Many of them also live in Manhattan and support its economy, including more than 3,500 civilian Fort Riley employees.

Manhattan's Tallgrass Brewing Co was the biggest brewery in Kansas until closed in 2018.

Kansas State University is the biggest employer and educational institution in the city of Manhattan. It has about 24,000 students. Kansas State University is the best among state universities in the United States in its total number of Rhodes, Marshall, Truman, Goldwater, and Udall scholars since 1986.

Manhattan also has the Manhattan Christian College, Manhattan Area Technical College, the American Institute of Baking and The Flint Hills Job Corps Training Center, and the Kansas Building Science Institute.

Manhattan is served by US$383 Manhattan-Ogden. It has one public high school with two campuses (Manhattan High School), two middle schools (Susan B. Anthony and Dwight D. Eisenhower), and eight elementary schools (Amanda Arnold, Frank V. Bergman, Bluemont, Lee, Marlatt, Northview, Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson). Manhattan also has two private school systems: Flint Hills Christian School (Preschool – 12th grade) and the Manhattan Catholic Schools. Manhattan Catholic School has two buildings, the grade school building (K-5)and the Luckey Jr. High building (6–8), formerly called the Luckey high building dedicated to Monsignor Luckey. The school's mascot is "Luckey the Cardinal".

Manhattan Regional Airport (MHK) is west of Manhattan on K-18. It is the second busiest commercial airport in Kansas. American Airlines and subsidiary American Eagle use the airport. It has multiple flights daily to Chicago's O'Hare International Airport and the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. It also does general aviation and charter flights. The nearest big commercial airports are in Kansas City (MCI) and Wichita, Kansas (ICT).
Domestic passenger rail service to Manhattan started on August 20, 1866. The Kansas Pacific Railroad built the first railroad there. A railroad of the Union Pacific Railroad still goes through the city, but all passenger service to Manhattan stopped after the Amtrak took over passenger rail in 1971.

The Rock Island Railroad also used to go to Manhattan as a stop on Rock Island's Kansas City–Colorado Springs Rocky Mountain Rocket service.

In Manhattan, there is a small public transportation system. It is provided by Riley County's subsidized paratransit service, ATA Bus. ATA uses four small buses and a number of minivans.

Several highways go to Manhattan:

"The Manhattan Mercury" is Manhattan's main newspaper. It publishes six days per week. Other newspapers published in Manhattan include: the alternative weekly "The Hype Weekly" which focuses on events, arts, and culture in the area; the weekly "Manhattan Free Press"; the agriculture-focused "Grass & Grain"; and the K-State university newspaper, the "Kansas State Collegian". Manhattan has had at least one newspaper published for the town continuously since "The Kansas Express" published its first newspaper on May 21, 1859.

Manhattan is a center of broadcast media for the surrounding area. One AM and ten FM radio stations are licensed to the city. Manhattan is in the Topeka, Kansas television market.

The first television station in Kansas was W9XAK in Manhattan. It was licensed to broadcast by the Federal Radio Commission on March 9, 1932.





Schaumburg, Illinois

Schaumburg is a large village in Cook County in northeastern Illinois, United States. The village is a northwestern suburb of Chicago. It is north-west of the O'Hare International Airport.

Danny Kaye

Danny Kaye (born David Daniel Kaminsky; January 18, 1911 – March 3, 1987) was an American actor, comedian, singer, and dancer. He hosted his own television show, "The Danny Kaye Show". He has also starred in many movies.

Kaye died in Los Angeles, California from heart failure. He was aged 76.


Dean Jagger

Ira Dean Jagger (November 7, 1903 – February 5, 1991) was an American movie actor. His career lasted for nearly 60 years. He received an Academy Award for his role in Henry King's "Twelve O'Clock High" (1949).

Jagger was born in Columbus Grove, Ohio. He died from heart disease in Santa Monica, California. He was 87. He was buried in the small town of Hughson, California, at Lakewood Memorial Park.


Michael Jackson: The Immortal World Tour

Michael Jackson: The Immortal World Tour is the first of two theatrical productions by Cirque du Soleil. It uses music by Michael Jackson. The show was written and directed by Jamie King. The first show was in October 2011. By December 2011 the show had sold out over $100 million in tickets. On November 21, 2011 "Immortal", the soundtrack album to the show, was released by Epic Records. There are 20 songs on the album. It sold 43,000 copies in its first week.

Hanson (band)

Hanson is an American pop rock band from Tulsa, Oklahoma. The band was formed in 1992 by brothers Isaac, Taylor and Zac Hanson. They are best known for their 1997 number one single "MMMBop". The song was nominated for two Grammys at the 1998 Grammy Awards. They started their own record label 3CG Records in October 2003.

Hanson were at first called The Hanson Brothers. They performed for the first time in 1992 at the Mayfest Arts Festival in Tulsa. Hanson released their first album "Boomerang" in 1995. In 1997 Hanson released their third album "Middle of Nowhere". It sold ten million copies. Five singles were released from it. "MMMBop" was the first single. The band was signed to Mercury Records in 1996.



NHL 14

NHL 14 is an ice hockey video game. It was developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports.

It was released on September 10, 2013 in North America, September 12, 2013 in Australasia, and on September 13, 2013 in Europe. The game was the 23rd in the "NHL" video game series and is the sequel to "NHL 13". New Jersey Devils goaltender Martin Brodeur is shown on the cover of the game. This is the first time since "NHL 97" that a goaltender has been featured on the cover.

IGN rated the game a 8.3 out of 10. They said, "With much better collisions and a vastly improved fighting minigame, NHL 14 is becoming more gamey and less of a simulation, but that gives it a distinct and interesting flavor compared to its predecessors."

GameSpot gave the game a 6 out of 10. They said, "NHL 14 adds little of note to NHL 13 aside from better hitting, more fighting, and a disappointing NHL 94 retro mode." 

NHL 13

NHL 13 is an ice hockey video game. It was developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports.

It was released on September 11, 2012 in North America, September 13, 2012 in Australasia, and on September 14, 2012 in Europe. The game was the 22nd in the "NHL" video game series and is the sequel to "NHL 12". Philadelphia Flyers forward Claude Giroux is featured on the cover of the game.

For the first time in the series, there were two playable female characters, Hayley Wickenheiser and Angela Ruggiero that were added.

IGN rated the game a 8.5 out of 10. They said, "For a full-price title, gamers get so much more than mere roster and tuner updates (which come for free and with regularity, by the way). You also get robust online and offline modes that could potentially keep you busy for hundreds of hours."

GameSpot gave the game a 8 out of 10. They said, "NHL 13 adds some great new skating physics and smarter AI, although you've already seen a lot of what the game has to offer." 

Juan de Canaveris

Juan Canaveris (1748–1822) was an Italian notary. He worked for the viceroyalty of Río de la Plata in the 1700s.

He was born in Saluzzo, Piedmont, Kingdom of Sardinia in 1738 or 1748. His parents were Gabriel Canaveri and Margarita Jugluns, but he changed his name from the Italian-sounding Canaveri to the Spanish-sounding Canaveris later on.

Canaveris became a notary. He arrived at Buenos Aires around 1770, where he married Bernarda Esparza, the granddaughter of Miguel Jerónimo Esparza. At that time, Esparza was the alcalde, or governor, of Cabildo of Buenos Aires. Between 1777 and 1786, Canaveris worked as the portero of the court of auditors, In 1795, he was appointed as representative of the protector guardian of natural resources and Indians in the village of San Pablo de Capinota, Bolivia.

In 1798, delegates of the council of Santiago del Estero appointed Canaveris chief assignee for Cabildo.

During the British invasions of the Río de la Plata, Canaveris returned to work as a portero under the orders of Martín de Alzaga. His sons, José, Manuel, and Joaquín also participated in the defense of Buenos Aires in the regiments—Quinteros and Labradores, Húsares of Pueyrredón, and Cántabros Montañeses. The monk Martin Esparza, a relative of Canaveris's wife, was killed by British troops during the second invasion in the interior Convent of Santo Domingo.

During the May Revolution of 1810, Canaveris went to a community meeting and voted to dismiss the viceroy.

Canaveris' descendants include Feliciano, and Isabelino Canaveris, both of whom served in the military.

Hector Canaveri served as congressman of the Province of Buenos Aires. Camilo Canaveri was a lawyer.
He also was the grandfather of doctors Sinforoso Amoedo and Angel Canaveris.

His youngest son Mariano Canaveris, became a teacher.


Lauren Potter

Lauren Elizabeth Potter (born May 10, 1990) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Becky Jackson on the television show "Glee".

She grew up in Southern California's Inland Empire. She has Down syndrome.

Elvira Quintillá

Elvira Quintillá (19 September 1928 – 27 December 2013) was a Spanish actress. Her career has lasted for nearly 60 years.

Quintillá was born in Barcelona. Her career began in 1941. In 1947, she married José María Rodero. They were married until Rodero's death in May 1991.

Quintillá died at the age of 85, in Madrid. She died from a heart attack.

Sinforoso Amoedo Canaveri

Sinforoso Amoedo (18 July 1823 - 1871) was an Argentine medical doctor.

He was born in Buenos Aires. He was the son of Hilario Amoedo Garazatúa and Juana Josefa Canaveris. He began his high school studies at the Colegio Republicano. He studied medicine at the University of Buenos Aires, where he received his Doctor of Medicine. He practiced in the Parroquia de la Concepción until his retirement. He was replaced by Dr. Juan Antonio Argerich.

He worked with patients during the yellow fever epidemic that hit the city of Buenos Aires. He died of yellow fever himself in 1871. His family was honored with a medal for his courage and heroism to fight against the epidemic. 


Patricia Robins

Patricia Robins (1 February 1921 – 4 December 2016) was an English romance novelist. She was also known as Claire Lorrimer. She also served as Women's Auxiliary Air Force officer during World War II tracking Nazi bombers.

Her mother was Denise Robins, the popular romance novelist. Her maternal grandmother was the also writer K. C. Groom. Her maternal grandfather was Herman Klein, a musician.

Robins was born in Hove, Sussex, England. She died at her home in rural Kent, England from complication of a fall on 3 December 2016, aged 95.


Nigersaurus

Nigersaurus (meaning "Niger reptile") is a genus of "Diplodocus"-like sauropod dinosaur. It lived in the middle of the Cretaceous period in what is now the Republic of Niger. Fossils of this dinosaur were first described in 1976, but it was only named in 1999 after more complete remains were found and described.

Its skull was very different from "Diplodocus", suggesting a different feeding method. It had many fenestrae (openings) and thin bones. It had a wide muzzle filled with more than 500 teeth. They were replaced often: about every 14 days the whole set were replaced together. The jaws may have had a keratinous sheath, something like a wide beak. Its jaws were wider than the skull, and its teeth were placed far to the front.

"Nigersaurus" was long, which is small for a sauropod, and had a short neck. It weighed around 4 tonnes, comparable to a modern elephant. Its skeleton was filled with air sacs, which lightened the weight. Its limbs were robustly built.

"Nigersaurus" was probably a browser, and fed with its head close to the ground. The region of its brain that detected smell was small, although its brain size was comparable to that of other dinosaurs. There has been debate on whether its head was habitually held downwards, or horizontally like other sauropods. It lived in a riparian habitat (near rivers). Its diet probably consisted of soft plants, such as ferns, horsetails, and angiosperms. It is one of the most common fossil vertebrates found in the area, and shared its habitat with other large herbivores, as well as large theropods and crocodylomorphs.

Controversy Surrounding the Name of Nigersaurus

The name "Nigersaurus" has started controversy and discussion in the scientific community and beyond due to its potential for misinterpretation and unintended connotations. Named after the country of Niger, where its fossils were first found. The name was chosen to reflect its origins, however, the similarity in pronunciation to a racial slur has raised concerns about cultural sensitivity and appropriate terminology.

Independent Democratic Union

The Independent Democratic Union (, UDI) is a political party in Chile. Its politics are considered to be right wing. The party was founded on 1983 by Jaime Guzmán during the government of Augusto Pinochet.


Pussy Riot

Pussy Riot is a Russian feminist punk rock protest group of eleven women. 

The group was formed in August 2011 in Moscow. Three members of the group (Yekaterina Samutsevich, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, and Maria Alyokhina) were put in prison for a protest they did at a cathedral in Moscow against Vladimir Putin. Yekaterina Samutsevich was let out of prison in September 2012 after her appeal succeeded. 

There were protests around the world by people who thought that it was wrong for Pussy Riot members to be put in prison. Lots of famous people said that they should be released including Madonna. On December 23, 2013, Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina were let out. Other members declared that Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina could not be Pussy Riot members because they showed their faces on US television. 

Pussy Riot have released twenty songs, including an album called "xxx" (styled in lower capitals) .

In January 2013 a documentary about Pussy Riot called "Pussy Riot: A Punk Prayer" was released. On 21 October 2013 BBC4 showed it.


<br>

Division of Mitchell

The Division of Mitchell is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It is named after Major Thomas Mitchell, surveyor and explorer who was the first European to explore large areas of New South Wales and Victoria. It was set up in 1949.

The division covers the north-west suburbs of Sydney. It includes Baulkham Hills, Beaumont Hills, Bella Vista, Box Hill, Kellyville, Nelson and Winston Hills. It also includes parts of Castle Hill, North Rocks, Northmead, Maraylya, Rouse Hill and West Pennant Hills. 

After the 2013 federal election, Mitchell became the safest Liberal seat in metropolitan Australia. The ALP would need a 22% swing to win it.


Neon tetra

The neon tetra ("Paracheirodon innesi") is a freshwater fish. Neon tetras are native to South America and mainly in the Amazon. In captivity they grow to about 2.2 cm.

Neon tetras are sturdy, cheap and easy to look after. They are schooling fish and like to be kept with other neon tetras. They can also be kept in community tanks with other peaceful fish. They like to live in a water temperature of around 20–26°C.

Neon tetras are omnivores. They eat most flake foods. They should also be fed live food like brine shrimp or daphnia supplement their diets.


Loss function

In mathematics a loss function or cost function is a mathematical function that maps an event, or the values of one or more variables onto a real number. This number is then given a semantic value, such as cost or utility. Optimisation can then be used to find the value where the function is minimal, or at one of its maxima.

Kia Combi

The Kia Combi was a series of minibuses built by Asia Motors and Kia Motors from 1983 to Present. Kia Motors has owned Asia Motors since 1976.



Jefferson's Birthday

Jefferson's Birthday is a holiday in the United States. It celebrates the birth of Thomas Jefferson, the third president of the United States. It is celebrated every April 13.

Mozzarella sticks

Mozzarella sticks are pieces of battered or breaded mozzarella. It is a deep fried food. In the United States, it is often served in restaurants as an appetizer and as food served in pubs. It is shaped like a stick.

Mozzarella sticks are often served with tomato or marinara sauce. They may also be served with plum sauce, jalapeño jelly, barbecue sauce, honey mustard sauce, and ranch dressing. Other types of cheese may be fried, such as provolone, cheddar, and American.

Cardinal tetra

The cardinal tetra ("Paracheirodon axelrodi") is a freshwater fish. 

Cardinal tetras grow to about 3 centimetres. They are shoaling fish and like to be kept with other cardinal tetras and they can be kept with other non-aggressive fish. In good conditions the cardinal tetra can live for about five years. The cardinal tetra is a very popular fish but is not as popular as the neon tetra because it is more difficult to breed. They like to live in a temperature of around 23–27°C.

The cardinal tetra will feed happily on flake foods and small pellets. They also eat live food such as bloodworms or brine shrimp. Wild ones will eat bugs.


Frankie Goes to Hollywood

Frankie Goes to Hollywood were a British dance band from Liverpool, England. The band is probably best known for their first single "Relax". This BBC banned the song.

The band released their first studio album "Welcome to the Pleasuredome" on 29 October 1984. The album featured the singles "Relax", "Two Tribes", "The Power of Love" and "Welcome to the Pleasuredome". Their second and last studio album "Liverpool" was released on 20 October 1986. The band broke up in 1987. They reunited in 2004, but broke up again in 2007.




Nottoway Plantation

Nottoway Plantation is a plantation house in a town called White Castle in the state of Louisiana. In 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. John Hampden Randolph bought the area and then built the house in 1859. He owned 155 African-Americans as slaves. They worked in the sugarcane fields. After Mr. Randolph’s death Mrs. Randolph sold the plantation in 1889 for $50,000. Nottoway There are 165 doors and 200 windows. This makes 365 openings. Plantation has a museum.

Claude Vilgrain

Claude Vilgrain (born March 1, 1963) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played a total of 89 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). Vilgrain was born in Haiti. He is the first Haitian-born player in NHL history.

Before playing in the NHL, Vilgrain played three seasons in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) with the Laval Voisins. He also played hockey at the Université de Moncton for three years.

He was drafted with the 107th overall pick by the Detroit Red Wings in the 1982 NHL Entry Draft. He never played a game for the Red Wings. He signed a contract with the Vancouver Canucks in June 1987. He played six games with them, scoring one goal and making one assist. In March 1989, the Canucks traded Vilgrain to the New Jersey Devils in exchange for Tim Lenardon. During his time with the Devils, he played 81 games and made 20 goals and 31 assists. The Philadelphia Flyers signed him to a contract in 1993. He only played 2 games with them. He retired in 2002.

Joyce Carol Thomas

Joyce Carol Thomas (May 25, 1938 – August 13, 2016) was an African-American poet, playwright, motivational speaker, and author of more than 30 children's books. 

Thomas was born in Ponca City, Oklahoma, the fifth of nine children in a family of cotton pickers. In 1948 the family moved to Tracy, California, to pick vegetables. She learned Spanish from Mexican migrant workers and earned a B.A. in Spanish from San Jose State University. She took night classes in education at Stanford University, while raising four children, and received a master's degree in 1967.

For her 1982 novel "Marked by Fire", Thomas won a National Book Award for Young People's Literature|National Book Award in category Children's Fiction (paperback)

and an American Book Award.
Thomas has been one of three to five finalists for the Coretta Scott King Award three times, in 1984 for "Bright Shadow", in 1994 for "Brown Honey in Broomwheat Tea", and in 2009 for "The Blacker the Berry" in 2009. Part of the American Library Association program, every year the King Award honors the "most distinguished portrayal of African American experience in literature for children or teens".
She also received a New York Times Outstanding Book of the Year Award and an Outstanding Woman of the 20th Century Award.

She lived in Berkeley, California.




Procyon

Procyon (α CMi, α Canis Minoris, Alpha Canis Minoris) is the brightest star in the constellation Canis Minor. To the naked eye, it appears to be a single star, the eighth brightest in the night sky with a visual apparent magnitude of 0.34.

It is actually a binary star system of a white main-sequence star of spectral type F5 IV–V, named Procyon A, and a faint white dwarf companion of spectral type DQZ, named Procyon B.

The reason for its brightness is not its intrinsic luminosity but its relative closeness to the Sun. Its distance was worked out by the European Space Agency Hipparcos astrometry satellite. It is just away, and is one of our nearest stellar neighbours. Its closest neighbour is Luyten's Star, about away.

Procyon forms one of the three vertices of the Winter Triangle, along with Sirius and Betelgeuse. Its colour index is 0.42, and its hue has been described as having a faint yellow tinge to it.

Lovesexy

Lovesexy is the tenth studio album by Prince. It was released on May 10, 1988. Three singles were released from the album. In July 1988 Prince started the Lovesexy Tour to promote the album. Prince is naked on the cover of the album. Some stores would not sell the album because of this and if they did they would cover it up in a black sleeve. The album went straight to number one in the UK.

Randy Jackson (singer)

Steven Randall "Randy" Jackson (born October 29, 1961) is an American musician. He was a member of The Jacksons. He was born to Joe and Katherine Jackson at St Mary's Mercy Hospital in Gary, Indiana. He was three when The Jacksons started. As he was so young, he was not a member when they formed. In 1971 he performed live with his brothers for the first time. He did not become a member of the group until the mid seventies. His first album with The Jacksons, "The Jacksons", was released in 1976. The Jacksons released five more studio albums with Randy as a member. The band have sold 150 million records.

Jackson has two children with his ex-girlfriend Alejandra Oaziaza, Genevieve Katherine (b. 1989) and Steven Randall, Jr. (born 1991). He also has one daughter, Steveanna (b. 1990) with his ex-wife Eliza Shaffy.

Dwarf star

Dwarf stars refers to several types of star. The term was originally used in 1906 by the Danish astronomer Ejnar Hertzsprung. He noticed that the reddest stars—classified as K and M in the Harvard scheme—could be divided into two distinct groups. They are either much brighter than the Sun, or much fainter. To distinguish these groups, he called them "giant" and "dwarf" stars. The dwarf stars were fainter and the giants brighter than the sun.

However, the term "dwarf" was later expanded to include:

Chiwetel Ejiofor

Chiwetelu Umeadi "Chiwetel" Ejiofor OBE (born 10 July 1977) is a British actor. He played Solomon Northup in the 2013 movie "12 Years a Slave". He was nominated for the award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture, Drama at the 2014 Golden Globe Awards for his acting in the movie. His first movie role was in the 1996 movie "Voyage". In 2008, Ejiofor was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire. Ejiofor played the band leader Louis Lester in the television series "Dancing on the Edge". It had six episodes.

In 2019, he starred as Scar in the 2019 live-action remake "The Lion King".

Ejiofor was born on 10 July 1977 in Forest Gate, London, to Nigerian parents. He started acting in school plays when he was 13.

In 1996 Ejiofor acted in his first film, "Deadly Voyage". In 2002, he played the main character in a movie for the first time in "Dirty Pretty Things". He won the 2003 British Independent Film Award for best actor for the film. In 2005 Ejiofor played Lola in "Kinky Boots".

Look Who's Talking

Look Who's Talking is a 1989 romantic comedy movie. The main characters in the movie are played by John Travolta, Kirstie Alley, and Bruce Willis. The movie had two sequels: "Look Who's Talking Too" (1990) and "Look Who's Talking Now" (1993).

The Shangri-Las

The Shangri-Las were an American pop girl group of the 1960s. They released their first album "Leader of the Pack" in 1965. Their 1964 single "Leader of the Pack" was number one in the United States.

The members of the group were sisters Betty and Mary Weiss, with twins, Margie and Mary-Ann Ganser.

Their first hit recording was "Remember (Walking In The Sand)" (1964) which reached number 5 in the US and number 14 in the UK.

Peppered corydoras

The peppered corydoras ("Corydoras paleatus") is a species of freshwater catfish in the genus "Corydoras". 

Peppered corydoras live at the bottom of the fish tank. They are peaceful community fish. They like to live in a temperature of around 25–28°C. They should be kept in groups of other corydoras. They grow to about 7 centimetres.

Peppered corydoras are scavengers. They eat the fish food after it sinks to the bottom of the tank.


Zebrafish

The zebrafish ("Danio rerio") is a freshwater fish native to India. It is often sold under the name zebra danio.

The zebrafish is a peaceful fish and can be kept in a community tank. They can be kept in a temperature of 19–27°C. They grow to about 5 cm.

The typical environment of the Zebrafish is in rivers, little streams, slowly flowing pools close to nearby streams and rice paddies

The natural history of the Zebrafish is limited as very little information about their true natural history is known. However, it is known that Zebrafish have a high reproductivity and quick growth rates. 

Additional Facts: Zebrafish are suitable models for researching tissue repair and regeneration in vertebrates because of their restorative capabilities. They can fully regenerate injured hearts, portions of their brain and other organs.

Zebrafish are one of the most common species used for genetic and developmental research. 

Zebrafish happily eat flake foods and bloodworm.

Other foods Zebrafish consumes are mosquito larvae and zooplankton.

3. Gemberling, M., Bailey, T. J., Hyde, D. R., & Poss, K. D. (2013). The zebrafish as a model for complex tissue regeneration. "Trends in genetics : TIG", "29"(11), 611–620. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tig.2013.07.003</nowiki>

4. Engeszer , R.E. , Patterson , L.B. , Rao , A.A. and Parichy , D.M. ( 2007 ). Zebrafish in the wild: A review of natural history and new notes from the field . "Zebrafish" , 4 , 21 – U126. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.1089/zeb.2006.9997</nowiki>

5. C. Graham, M.A. von Keyserlingk, B. Franks. (2018). Zebrafish welfare: Natural history, social motivation and behaviour. Applied Animal Behavior Science, 200 (2018), pp. 13-22. <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.1016/j.applanim.2017.11.005</nowiki>

Chicken and waffles

Chicken and waffles is a dish that has both chicken and waffles. It is popular in the United States, where it is served in many restaurants. There are two types of chicken and waffles dishes: the soul food version and the Pennsylvania Dutch version.

The best-known version is the soul food version, which uses fried chicken. It uses a waffle that would be served during breakfast. It comes with condiments such as butter and syrup. It is very popular in Baltimore, Maryland.

The Pennsylvania Dutch version has a plain waffle with pulled, stewed chicken on top. It is served with gravy. It is often found in the Northeastern United States.

Sheryl Sandberg

Sheryl Kara Sandberg (born August 28, 1969) is an American businesswoman. She is the chief operating officer of Facebook.

Sandberg was born in 1969, in Washington, D.C., in a Jewish family. In 1987 started a Bachelor's degree in economics at Harvard College. She graduated in 1991 with the highest honor, "summa cum laude". In 1993 she started at Harvard Business School. In 1995 she earned her M.B.A. with highest distinction. After this Sandberg worked as a management consultant for McKinsey & Company for a year.

From 1996 to 2001 she was Chief of Staff to the then United States Secretary of the Treasury Larry Summers.

In 2001 Sandberg became the vice president of Global Online Sales & Operations for Google Inc.. In 2007 Sandberg met Mark Zuckerberg, the maker of Facebook, at a Christmas party.

Zuckerberg thought that Sandberg would be good at being Facebook's COO. In March 2008 Facebook hired Sandberg.

December 2010, she gave a TED speech titled "Why we have too few women leaders." In 2012 she became the eighth member (and the first female member) of Facebook's board of directors. Sheryl Sandberg's first book "Lean In" was published on March 11, 2013.

Sandberg married to Dave Goldberg, the CEO of SurveyMonkey, from 2003 until his death in 2015. She is a feminist.



Egocentrism

Egocentrism is a state of mind of putting oneself in the center of interest, of being interested more about oneself than about other people. While this is normal in young children, it becomes more and more of a problem, in older children, adolescents and adults. To egocentric people, self-relevant information is seen as more important in shaping one’s judgments than are thoughts about others and other-relevant information. The term egocentrism was mostly coined by Piaget, a psychologist. Egocentrism is different from both egoism and narcissism. Young children are egocentric: they see themselves as the "center" of the world. Developing self-conscience requires the perception that there are others, that there is socialisation with other people, and that there are differences between oneself and other people. Egocentric people are often unable to fully understand or to cope with other people's opinions. The fact that reality can be different from what they are ready to accept is difficult for them. 

Eric Young

Jeremy Fritz (born December 15, 1979) is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Eric Young. He currently competes for TNA Wrestling, where he has worked in multiple runs since 2004 and is a two-time TNA World Heavyweight Champion. He is also known for his time in WWE, where he was the leader of the Sanity stable and a former NXT Tag Team Champion.

In TNA, Young is known for portraying many different comic relief gimmicks. During his time in TNA, he has also won the X Division Championship once, the Legends/Global/Television/King of the Mountain Championship twice, and men's Tag Team Championships six times (the TNA/Impact World Tag Team Championship four-times and the NWA World Tag Team Championship). He also became the only man to co-hold the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship when he won the title with ODB.

Outside of wrestling, Fritz hosts "Off the Hook: Extreme Catches" on Animal Planet.



Illmatic

Illmatic is the first studio album of American rapper Nas. It was released on April 19, 1994 by Columbia Records. Nas recorded the album during 1992 and 1993 in New York City. The producers were Nas, Large Professor, Pete Rock, Q-Tip, L.E.S., and DJ Premier.

Nas raps about his life in Queensbridge, New York. Nas's lyricism features multi-syllabic internal rhyme patterns.

"Illmatic" received very good reviews from most music critics upon its release. It earnt praise for its lyrical content, production, and Nas's lyricism. Over time, music critics have recognized it as one of the greatest hip hop albums.

"Illmatic" did not sell very well at the beginning. On January 17, 1996, the album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. In 2001, it earned platinum certification after shipments of one million copies in the United States.

Armillaria solidipes

Armillaria solidipes is a species of fungus. It is also known as the honey mushroom. It grows in the United States. In the Malheur National Forest in Oregon there is one that is the world's biggest living organism.

Reflektor

Reflektor is the fourth album by Arcade Fire. It was released on October 28, 2013. The album has two discs. The first disc has seven songs. The second disc has six songs. It got good reviews from music critics. Pitchfork gave it a score of 9.2 out of 10. The first single from the album, "Reflektor", was released on September 9, 2013. The album was number one in several countries including the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom.

Notes

Iona

Iona () is a small island in the Inner Hebrides off the western coast of Scotland. When Columba arrived with twelve monks in 563 he founded a great monastery. From that time Iona was known as a holy place. It was the center of Scottish Christianity for many centuries. Today it is a popular tourist attraction and a place for retreats. Its modern Gaelic name means "Iona of (Saint) Columba" (formerly anglicised "Icolmkill").

The main settlement, located at St. Ronan's Bay on the eastern side of the island, is called "Baile Mòr". It is known locally as "The Village". The primary school, post office, the island's two hotels, the Bishop's House and the ruins of the Iona nunnery are here. The abbey and MacLeod Centre are a short walk to the north. There are a number of offshore Islands nearby. Eilean Annraidh (island of storm) and Eilean Chalbha (calf island) are larger islands to the north. Rèidh Eilean and Stac MhicMhurchaidh Islands lay to the west of Iona. Eilean Mùsimul (mouse holm island) and Soa Island are to the south.

At the start, Iona was a part of the Gaelic kingdom of Dál Riata. The island was the site of a highly important monastery during the Early Middle Ages. According to tradition the monastery was founded in 563 by the monk Columba, also known as Colm Cille, who had been exiled from his native Ireland. Columba and twelve companions went into exile on Iona and founded a monastery there. The monastery was very successful, and played a large part in the conversion of the Picts to Christianity. It also had an influence on the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Northumbria. Many other monasteries were founded in Scotland and Iona became the center of a great monastic system. The scriptorium produced many very important documents.

The monastery itself became the center of Celtic Christianity. Iona was a major supporter of the "Celtic" system for calculating the date of Easter. The missionaries and bishops who came to Britain from Rome used a Roman calculation for the date of Easter. This issue was settled when they adopted the Roman system at the Synod of Whitby in 664. Pictland adopted the Roman system in the early 8th century. Iona changed systems in 716, according to the Anglo-Saxon historian Bede. Iona's prominence was reduced over the next centuries as a result of Viking raids and the rise of other powerful monasteries in the system, such as the Abbey of Kells. The Book of Kells was created on Iona about the year 800. At about the same time the island's high crosses were erected. They had a ring around the top part that became the symbol called a "Celtic cross". The series of Viking raids on Iona began in 794 and, after its treasures had been plundered many times, Columba's relics were removed and divided two ways between Scotland and Ireland in 849 as the monastery was abandoned.

As the Viking control of the west coast of Scotland advanced, Iona became part of the Kingdom of the Isles. Amlaíb Cuarán, King of Northumbria and Dublin, died in 981 while on Iona. Still, the island was sacked twice by his successors. On Christmas night 986 and again in 987. The ruling dynasty of Alba traced its origin to Iona, and the island thus became an important religious icon of the new kingdom. Many of its early kings are buried there. The kings of the Isles were at times vassals of the King of Norway, High King of Ireland, or the King of Scotland. By the 11th century they were nominally attached to the Kingdom of Norway, but in reality they were independent.

A convent for Benedictine nuns was established in about 1208, with Bethóc, daughter of Somerled, as first prioress. The present Benedictine abbey, Iona Abbey, was built in about 1203. The monastery itself flourished until the Reformation when buildings were demolished and all but three of the 360 carved crosses destroyed.

According to tradition, the first "King of Scots" was Kenneth MacAlpin (Cináed mac Ailpín). He founded the beginnings of what we know as Scotland in 843. The Reilig Cemetery on Iona was from that time until the 11th century the place where Scottish kings were buried. In total there are about forty-eight Scottish kings buried at Iona. In addition, eight kings of Norway and four kings of Ireland are buried on Iona.

Following the 1266 Treaty of Perth the Isles (Hebrides) were restored to Scottish rule. An Augustine nunnery survives as a number of 13th century ruins, including a church and cloister. The nunnery continued to be active until the Reformation. By the 1760s little more of the nunnery remained standing than at present, though it is the most complete remnant of a medieval nunnery in Scotland.

In the 19th century green-streaked marble was commercially mined in the south-east of Iona; the quarry and machinery survive.


Division of New England

The Division of New England is an Australian electoral division in New South Wales. It is in the north-east of the state, next to the border with Queensland. It was set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named after the New England region of northern New South Wales.

The includes the towns of Armidale, Ashford, Barraba, Bingara, Bundarra, Glen Innes, Gunnedah, Guyra, Inverell, Manilla, Quirindi, Tamworth, Uralla, Werris Creek, Walcha and Tenterfield. 

Barnaby Joyce is a former Senator for the state of Queensland. In 2016 he became leader of the National Party and Deputy Prime Minister.


Charlemagne Prize

The Charlemagne Prize () is a famous prize awarded each year. The prize has been awarded since 1950 by the German city of Aachen. It is awarded to persons who have done outstanding work towards the unification of Europe. The award is named after Charlemagne, emperor of the Frankish Empire, and founder of what became the Holy Roman Empire. Charlemagne lived and was buried in Aachen.


Luke Baldwin

Luke Baldwin (born 15 September 1990) is an English rugby union player. He was born in Royal Tunbridge Wells. He plays for Bristol Rugby in the RFU Championship.

Luke Baldwin was educated at The Judd School in Tonbridge. While he was there he also played rugby for them. In 2003, he represented Judd at Kent County Athletics Under-13 Championships at Canterbury High School. There he finished third place in the 75-metre hurdles and fourth in the 100-metres.

Baldwin started playing rugby for Tunbridge Wells RFC. In 2006 he signed with Saracens Academy. He trained there while he also played for Tunbridge Wells until 2009. After he left Tunbridge Wells, he was loaned to Blackheath F.C.. He made his debut for Saracens in 2010. He went on to make 5 first team appearances for Saracens.

In 2010, he was loaned to RFU Championship side, Bedford Blues. In 2012, he returned to Bedford Blues on a dual registration with Saracens. While at Bedford, he received praise for his playing performance. He also represented Saracens in the Premiership Rugby Sevens Series while also playing for Bedford Blues in the RFU Championship. In 2013, he left Saracens and Bedford Blues and signed for Bristol Rugby, playing his final game for Bedford against London Welsh.


Westerlund 2

Westerlund 2 is a massive young super star cluster. It is about one or two million years old, and partly obscured with gas. It contains some of the hottest, brightest, and most massive stars known. The cluster is 20,000 light years away in the Milky Way galaxy.

The cluster contains a dozen of O-type main sequence stars, of which at least three are eclipsing binaries. There are many very young pre-main sequence stars and two Wolf–Rayet stars.

The core of the cluster contains several examples of rare very hot stars. Just outside the cluster a massive eclipsing binary WR20a is found at 30 arcseconds (about 1.1 pc in projection), the bright yellow spot just on the lower right side of the cluster center.

As its name indicates, the Westerlund 2 cluster was discovered by Bengt Westerlund in the sixties, but its stellar content was assessed only in later years. 

Sonny Chiba

, also known as , was a Japanese actor, singer, movie producer and director, and martial artist. He was from Fukuoka, Kyūshū. He was possibly the most famous Japanese movie actor of all time.

Chiba died on 19 August 2021 at a hospital in Kimitsu, Japan from pneumonia caused by COVID-19, aged 82.



Eve (rapper)

Eve Jihan Jeffers (born November 10, 1978), better known as Eve, is an American rapper, songwriter and actress. She was the first winner of the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration in 2002 for the song "Let Me Blow Ya Mind", with Gwen Stefani. In 2002 her album "Scorpion" was also nominated for Best Rap Album.

Eve released her first album "Let There Be Eve...Ruff Ryders' First Lady" in 1999. It went straight to number one in the American album chart. It was the third album by a female rap artist to reach number one in the United States.

In 2001 Eve's second album "Scorpion" was released. It entered the American album chart at number four. Eve won Best Female Hip-Hop Artist at the Black Entertainment Awards.

In 2002 Eve's third album, "Eve-Olution", was released. Two singles were released from the album. The first single "Gangsta Lovin" is a song sung with Alicia Keys. It reached number two in the American singles chart. 

Eve was on the remix of Michael Jackson's 2002 single "Butterflies".
In 2003 Eve started acting in a sitcom called "Eve". The show was stopped in 2006. There were 66 episodes.

Eve rapped on Gwen Stefani's 2004 single "Rich Girl". It reached number seven in the "Billboard" 100. She rapped on "Never", Keyshia Cole's first single, in 2005.

In 2007 Eve released the single "Tambourine". She also rapped on Kelly Rowland's single "Like This". It reached number four in the UK Singles Chart. That year Eve started to make her fourth album.

Eve was in the 2009 documentary "Good Hair". 

She presented the MTV Africa Music Awards 2010. She rapped on Guy Sebestian's single "Who's That Girl". It reached number one in Australia and New Zealand.

In 2013 Eve's fourth album, "Lip Lock", was released. The album included appearances from fellow rappers Missy Elliott and Snoop Dogg. On August 23, 2013 Eve started The Lip Lock Tour.


 

Frederick McCubbin

Frederick McCubbin (25 February 1855 – 20 December 1917) was an Australian painter. He was a part of the Heidelberg School, which was an important period in the history of Australia's visual arts.

McCubbin was born in Melbourne. McCubbin was taught at William Willmett's West Melbourne Common School and St Paul's School, Swanston Street. He worked several jobs while studying art at the National Gallery of Victoria's School of Design. There he met Tom Roberts and studied under Eugene von Guerard. He also studied at the Victorian Academy of the Arts. He showed some of his early paintings there in 1876, and again from 1879 to 1882. He sold his first painting there in 1880.

By the early 1880s, McCubbin's work had become famous. His paintings won several prizes from the National Gallery. By the mid-1880s his painting became focused on the Australian bush. This is the work for which he is remembered.

In 1888, McCubbin became instructor and master of the School of Design at the National Gallery. He taught several students who themselves became notable Australian artists.

He married Annie Moriarty in March 1889. They had seven children. McCubbin lived most of his life in Melbourne, and rarely travelled. He and his family moved to Mount Macedon in 1901. McCubbin continued to paint through the first two decades of the 20th century. By the beginning of World War I, his health began to fail. He died in 1917 from a heart attack.


Joan Miró

Joan Miró (20 April 1893 25 December 1983) was a Spanish painter, sculptor and ceramicist. He was born in Barcelona. He died of heart disease in Palma, Majorca. A museum dedicated to his work, the Fundación Joan Miró, was opened in Barcelona in 1975.

Joan Miró started painting when he was fourteen he attended an art school. He then started to develop his own style to draw scenes of trees and landscapes. In around the 1930s Joan started to make rapid changes to his style of painting. Influenced by Pablo Picasso, Miro developed more surrealist works. 

Miró was a significant influence on late 20th-century art, in particular the American abstract expressionist artists. 

Flora Robson

Dame Flora McKenzie Robson (28 March 1902 – 7 July 1984) was an English stage and movie actress. She was known for her performances in plays demanding dramatic and emotional intensity. Her roles varied from queens to villainesses.

Erskine Caldwell

Erskine Caldwell (17 December 1903 – 11 April 1987) was an American writer. He wrote about poverty, racism and social problems in the Southern United States. He did this in novels such as "Tobacco Road" and "God's Little Acre". This work was praised by critics. It also made him controversial among fellow Southerners because they felt he was making them look bad.

Neopilina

Neopilina is a mollusc, the only surviving genus of monoplacophora.
Some molecular results show that they fall within the polyplacophora clade, although these have been called into question. Fossil and morphological data show that they are rather derived and bear very little resemblance to an 'ancestral mollusc'.

The monoplacophora were well-known as a fossil group from the Cambrian to the Devonian. They were thought to be long extinct. One species was dredged up from the Pacific Ocean off Mexico in 1952. It was found to be a Monoplacophoran, and given the genus of "Neopilina". This was one of the most remarkable modern discoveries of a 'living fossil', and a Lazarus taxon.

Four species are recognized: 

The Showgrounds

The Showgrounds is a football ground in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland. It is the home football ground of Newry City A.F.C.. The ground usually holds 7,949 people. However, it only holds 2,275 at the moment under health and safety law.

Aethelthryth

Aethelthryth (sometimes called Æthelthryth, Æðelþryð, Æþelðryþe, or Etheldreda (about 636 AD – June 23, 679 AD) was an Anglo-Saxon saint. She was also an East Anglian princess and Abbess of Ely.

Aethelthryth was born in East Anglia (now Suffolk). She was one of the four daughters of Anna of East Anglia. All of these women became nuns and founded abbeys.

She was a beautiful young girl who wanted to devote herself to the Church and took a vow to remain a virgin. When the "" Tondberht of the South Gyrwas. asked for her hand in marriage her parents said yes, but Aethelthryth refused. Though she was married she resolved to keep her solomn vow. Upon his death in 655, she retired to the Isle of Ely, which she had received from her husband as a gift.

Aethelthryth was then married to Ecgfrith of Northumbria in 660. Ecgfrith was a younger son of King Oswiu of Northumbria and his wife Enfleda. Shortly after Ecgfrith became king, Aethelthryth asked her husband if she could become a nun. She was encouraged by Bishop Wilfrid to remain . This caused friction between Ecgfrith and Bishop Wilfrid. One story tells that Ecgfrith first agreed that she should continue to remain a virgin but in about 672 he wished to have an heir. He tried to bribe Wilfrid to convince the queen to give him an heir. This failed and the king tried to take his queen from her convent. She fled back to Ely with two nuns and managed to evade capture. The legend says that she escaped due to the miraculous rising of the tide. Another version of the legend stated that she stopped on the journey at 'Stow' and hid under an ash tree which suddenly came from her staff after she planted it in the ground. This came to be known as 'St Aethelthryth 's Stow', when a church was built to commemorate this event. Stow Minster contains a stained glass window that portrays the legend. Ecgfrith later married Eormenburg and expelled Wilfrid from his kingdom in 678. According to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", Aethelthryth founded a double monastery at Ely in 673, which was later destroyed in the Danish invasion of 870. She lived at St. Ely for the remainder of her life in pious devotion. She died of the plague. There is a hymn that was written in her honor.

Aethelthryth's niece and her great-niece, both of whom were royal princesses, succeeded her as abbess of Ely.

Bede and The "Liber Eliensis" describe how in 695, Aethelthryth's body was dug up by her sister Seaxburth, to be transferred from a common grave to the new church at Ely. She had been dead sixteen years. When her body was exhumed it was said to have been just as it was when she was alive. She was reburied in a white, marble coffin. Aethelthryth's uncorrupted body and clothes were said to have miraculous powers. A burial chamber made of white marble was taken from the Roman ruins at Grantchester, which was found to be the right fit for Aethelthryth. Seaxburh supervised the preparation of her sister's body, which was washed and wrapped in new robes before being reburied. Seaxburgh apparently oversaw the transference of her sister's remains without the supervision of her bishop, using her knowledge gained from her family's links.

St Etheldreda's Church is dedicated to the saint. It was originally part of the palace of the Bishops of Ely. In later years the palace was used by the Spanish Ambassadors, enabling Roman Catholic worship to continue in the church. It is now a Roman Catholic parish church in Ely, Cambridgeshire. It is part of the Diocese of East Anglia within the Province of Westminster. The church contains the shrine and relics of Aethelthryth.



NGC 1569

NGC 1569 is a dwarf irregular galaxy in Camelopardalis. This faint galaxy is well studied by professional astronomers, who are interested in the history of star formation in the galaxy. The galaxy is relatively nearby, so the Hubble Space Telescope can easily pick out its stars. In 2008 scientists studying images from Hubble calculated the galaxy's distance at nearly 11 million light-years away, making it a member of the IC 342 group of galaxies.

The most notable feature of NGC 1569 is its powerful starburst. It has formed stars at a rate 100 times greater than that of our galaxy during the last 100 million years. It contains two prominent super star clusters with different histories.

Super star cluster A, in the northwest of the galaxy is formed of two close clusters ("NGC 1569 A1" and "NGC 1569 A2"). It contains young stars 
(including WolfRayet stars) which formed less than 5 million years ago (in "NGC 1569 A1") as 
well as older red stars (in "NGC 1569 A2").

Super star cluster B, near the center of the galaxy, has older red giants and red supergiants.

Both of these star clusters have masses similar to the globular clusters in the Milky Way. Many smaller star clusters are relatively young (between 2 million years and 1 billion years. They are similar to small globular clusters or R136 in the Large Magellanic Cloud.
This shows, with the results from other dwarf galaxies such as the Large Magellanic Cloud and NGC 1705, that star formation in dwarf galaxies does not occur continuously but instead occurs in a series of short bursts.

The many supernovae produced in the galaxy as well as the strong stellar winds of its stars have produced filaments and bubbles of ionized hydrogen with respective sizes of up to 3,700 and 380 light years. These shine as the light of the young stars contained within them hits the gas.

NGC 1569's starburst may have been triggered by interactions with other galaxies of the IC 342 group, probably a nearby cloud of hydrogen.

Kenneth J. Alford

Frederick Joseph Ricketts (21 February 1881 – 15 May 1945) was a British composer of marches for band. He wrote music under the pen name Kenneth J. Alford. He was a Bandmaster in the British Army, and Royal Marines Director of Music. Conductor Sir Vivian Dunn called him "The British March King." Ricketts frequently used the saxophone in his music. This led to the instrument being used in all military bands.

Ricketts was born on 21 February 1881. He was the 4th child of Robert and Louisa (Born Alford) Ricketts, who lived in London. Ricketts' father died when he was seven and his mother died when he was fourteen. His early musical training had been on playing the piano and organ and working as a church chorister. As a boy living in London’s East End he would often hear street musicians and bands. He decided that joining an army band would be best for his future.

Ricketts joined the Royal Irish Regiment in 1895. He was enlisted as a Band Boy. He was a good cornet player and was put into the regimental band. The band went with the regiment to Limerick in Ireland, and then to India. In his free time, Ricketts learned all the other band instruments. When he was 15 years old, he wrote his first piece, which was called "For Service Overseas". It has never been published. In 1903, he was recommended for entry into the Student Bandmaster Course at the Royal Military School of Music, in Twickenham, Middlesex. Musicians who were as young as Ricketts were not nominated very often, but Ricketts was very skilled.

Ricketts began a two-year course at Kneller Hall in the summer of 1904. This course was very difficult. He graduated in 1906.

In 1908, Ricketts became Bandmaster to the Band of the 2nd Battalion of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders. He went to the Orange River Colony (formerly the Orange Free State) to lead them. This colony is now the Republic of South Africa. The colonel asked him to write a new march for the Argylls, so Ricketts wrote "The Thin Red Line". It was not published until 1925.

Ricketts wanted to compose music. However, it was not accepted for officers of Ricketts's rank to be engaged in commercial activities in the civilian world. Because of this, Ricketts decided to compose and publish under the pen name Kenneth J. Alford. The first march written under the new pen name was "Holyrood".

A few weeks before the start of World War I, Ricketts composed his most famous march, called "Colonel Bogey". No one knows exactly how Ricketts began composing it. Ricketts's widow claims that it came from a game of golf. She says that during the game, Ricketts and another member of the Argylls started whistling the notes that would become the march's melody.

Shortly after World War I started, Ricketts and the Band Boys of the Argylls were sent to the 3rd Battalion (Reserve) in Edinburgh. They stayed there through the whole war. During the war Ricketts wrote several marches dedicated to the British military: "The Great Little Army" (1916), "On The Quarter Deck," "The Middy," "The Voice of the Guns" (1917), and "The Vanished Army (They Never Die)" (1919).

In 1921, Ricketts applied to become a bandmaster for the Band of the Plymouth Division, which was part of the Royal Marines. He was interviewed and was offered the position. However, the old bandmaster, P.S.G. O'Donnell, was trying to apply for a position with an Army band, but members of the Royal Marines were not allowed to become members of the British Army. Because of this, Ricketts could not take the position, since O'Donnell remained with the Band of the Plymouth Division.

In 1927, Ricketts applied again to become a bandmaster with the Royal Marines. This time, he was approved. He became a lieutenant in the Royal Marines Band Service on 4 July 1927. He was posted to the Band of the Marines' Depot at Deal in Kent. In 1930, Ricketts was posted to the Band of the Plymouth Division.

On 5 September 1907, Frederick Joseph Ricketts was married to Miss Annie Louisa Holmes. This was while he was on staff at the Royal Military School of Music, Kneller Hall. Annie (Nan) Holmes came from a musical family. Her brother was a partner in the London music publishing house of Walsh, Holmes and Company. Nan often gave Ricketts ideas and helped him make decisions about compositions. They had six children, Kenneth (March 1909), Leo (April 1911), Sheila (May 1913), Paula (October 1916), Gordon (October 1918),and José (October 1922).

Ricketts retired from the Royal Marines on 1 June 1944 because of ill health. He died at his home in Reigate, Surrey, on 15 May 1945, after an operation for cancer. He had given almost 50 years of service to the Crown.





Yordy Reyna

Yordy Reyna (born 17 September 1993) is a football player from Peru. He plays as a striker for Red Bull Salzburg, in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Reyna started his career for Alianza Lima, where he played in the youth teams. In March 2011 he was promoted to the first team after scoring seven goals in the reserve team and in the 2011 Under-20 Copa Libertadores. In that season he won also the award for "breakthrough player" of the 2012 season.

In 2013, Yordy Reyna signed with the Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg for a fee of 2 million euros. Yordy Reyna played his first game for Red Bull Slazburg in a friendly match where he had a great performance and scored the game-winning goal.

Reyna played for the Peru Under-20 national team seven times in 2012 and 2013. On 22 March 2013, Reyna played his first senior match. It was to qualify for World Championships, and Peru won against Chile by scoring 1-0.

Halton Arp

Halton Christian "Chip" Arp (March 21, 1927 – December 28, 2013) was an American astronomer. He was known for his "Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies", published in 1966. It has many examples of interacting and merging galaxies. Arp was also known as a critic of the Big Bang theory.

Arp was born on March 21, 1927 in New York City. He studied at the California Institute of Technology. Arp was married three times. He had four daughters.

Arp died on December 28, 2013 in Munich. He died from a stroke, and he was aged 86.



Wojciech Kilar

Wojciech Kilar (17 July 1932 – 29 December 2013) was a Polish classical and movie composer. He was known for his composing in "Bram Stoker's Dracula" and "The Pianist". He received many awards throughout his fifty years of composing.

Kilar was born on 17 July 1932 in Lwów, Poland (present-day Lviv, Ukraine). He studied at State Higher School of Music and at State Higher School of Music. 

Kilar married Barbara Pomianowska in April 1966. They had no children. Their marriage lasted for almost over forty years. Pomianowska died in November 2007. 

Kilar composed many movie compositions. He composed the trailer music for "Schindler's List". He also composed the music for "Promised Land" and for "Dracula". He composed his musical works during a festival for Pope John Paul II.

In 1991 Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Zanussi made a movie about his life titled "Wojciech Kilar".

Kilar, who was suffering from brain cancer during his final years, from which he died on 29 December 2013 in Katowice, Poland at the age of 81.


Mary Wibberley

Mary Wibberley ( – 29 December 2013) was an English romantic fiction writer. She wrote over 48 romance novels. Her first novel, "Black Niall", was published in 1973. 

Wibberley died after a short illness on 29 December 2013. She was aged 79.

Eero Mäntyranta

Eero Antero Mäntyranta (20 November 1937 – 30 December 2013) was a Finnish skier. He has won several medals and the Winter Olympic Games.

Mäntyranta was born in Pello, Finland.

He competed in four Winter Olympics from 1960 to 1972. He won seven medals at the first three of them. This makes him one of the most successful skiers in Finland. His success at the 1964 Winter Olympics earned him the nickname "Mister Seefeld". The Finnish Ministry of Education honored him with the Pro Urheilu letter of recognition in 2000. There is a museum called Mäntyranta in Pello.

Mäntyranta died on 30 December 2013 from a heart attack. He died in Pello, aged 74.


Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni

Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni is an Indian-American author and poet. She writes for both adults and children. In 1991 her first collection of poems, "Black Candle", was published. In 1995 she won the American Book Award for "Arranged Marriage: Stories". Her 1997 novel "Mistress of Spices" was made into a movie.

Divakaruni was born in Kolkata (earlier known as "Calcutta"), West Bengal, India. She studied B.A. from the University of Calcutta in 1976. Then she went to the United States to study in Wright State University from where she received a master's degree. In 1985, she received her PhD in English from the University of California, Berkeley.


Junot Díaz

Junot Díaz (born December 31, 1968) is a Dominican-American writer. His first novel "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" was published in September 2007. In 2008 it won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. It also won the John Sargent Sr. First Novel Prize. His next novel has not been published yet. It is called "Monstro".

Díaz was born in Villa Juana, a neighborhood in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. In December 1974 he moved to New Jersey.

He lives with Marjorie Liu.

Díaz's first collection of short stories, "Drown", was published in 1996. His first novel, "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" was published in 2007. It is about a Dominican boy called Oscar Wao, who is growing up in New Jersey. It took him 11 years to write. The book uses both English and Spanish. In 2012 Díaz released a collection of short stories called "This Is How You Lose Her". He was given the $500,000 MacArthur "Genius grant" award. In 2013 he won the £30,000 Sunday Times EFG Private Bank short story prize. Díaz joins other Hispanic-American writers such as Gloria Anzaldúa, Sandra Cisneros, and Giannina Braschi who use Spanglish phrases in their stories. Spanglish is a mix of English words and Spanish words.


Saul Williams

Saul Stacey Williams (born February 29, 1972) is an American singer, poet, and actor. He played the main character in the 1998 movie "Slam".

Williams was born in Newburgh, New York. For high school he went to Newburgh Free Academy.

He became an open mic poet in 1995. In 1998 he played Ray Joshua, the main character in the movie "Slam". He also helped write the script. In 2001 he released his first album "Amethyst Rock Star". His second album "Saul Williams" was released in 2004. His third album "The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of NiggyTardust!" was released on November 1, 2007. It was produced by Trent Reznor.

Williams is vegan. He lives in Paris. He identifies as queer.

Fernando Luján

Fernando Luján (born Fernando Ciangherotti Díaz; August 23, 1939 – January 11, 2019) was a Colombian-born Mexican movie and television actor. He was known for his many roles on telenovelas. His career began in 1952 and appeared in over 50 movies and hundreds of television shows. He starred as Leonardo's father in "Overboard" (2018).

Luján was born on August 23, 1939 in Bogotá. He died from respiratory failure on January 11, 2019 in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca at the age of 79.


Andrew Jacobs Jr.

Andrew "Andy" Jacobs, Jr. (February 24, 1932 – December 28, 2013) was an American lawyer and politician. Jacobs was in the United States House of Representatives for 30 years.

His father, Andrew Jacobs, was also a congressman for one term. He once was married to Martha Keys of Kansas, whom he was in the House with for a time. In 1988, Jacobs married Kimberly Hood Jacobs, an Emmy Award-winning television reporter.

Jacobs died on December 28, 2013 at his home in Indianapolis, Indiana. He died from natural causes, aged 81.


Columbia Railroad Bridge

The Columbia Railroad Bridge, which is also called the Columbia Bridge, is a bridge in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is run by the CSX Transportation train company, who uses the bridge to transport goods in the Trenton Subdivision area. The bridge goes over the Schuylkill River. It is in a park called Fairmont Park. 

The bridge has been built three times. First, it was built in 1834. It was a covered bridge. The bridge was made from pine tree wood. The government of the state of Pennsylvania and the Philadelphia and Columbia Railroad company built it. The bridge was bought by the Reading Railroad in 1851.

The next bridge was built in 1886 by the Reading Railroad. It was made of iron and was very strong, so trains carrying very heavy things could go over it.

Today's bridge was built in 1920. 

Joseph Ruskin

Joseph Ruskin (born Joseph Schlafman; April 14, 1924 – December 28, 2013) was an American character actor. He appeared in over 100 movies during his 50-year career. He appeared in "Get Smart", "Star Trek", "Alias", and in "The Twilight Zone".

Ruskin died on December 28, 2013 at a hospital in Santa Monica, California. He died from natural causes, aged 89.

Michael McDonald (musician)

Michael McDonald (born February 12, 1952) is an American singer and songwriter. He is known for a soulful baritone singing style. He began his career singing back-up vocals with Steely Dan. He became a member of The Doobie Brothers from 1976 to 1982. This period resulted in several successful songs for the band. He has won five Grammy Awards.

McDonald was born in St. Louis, Missouri.


The Wyatt Family

The Wyatt Family was a professional wrestling stable in the WWE. The original members of the stable were Bray Wyatt (the leader), Erick Rowan, and Luke Harper. They were joined by Braun Strowman in Auugust 2015. Daniel Bryan and Randy Orton were also members for a short time.

The stable played a backwoods cult with Bray Wyatt as their leader. Harper and Rowan won the NXT Tag Team Championship in May 2013, while Wyatt and Orton won the SmackDown Tag Team Championship at in December 2016 (Harper also defended the titles under the freebird rule).

Wyatt debuted his character in "Florida Championship Wrestling" (FCW) and it was drew comparisons to Max Cady of the 1991 movie Cape Fear and Waylon Mercy (a character portrayed by WWF alumni Dan Spivey). After FCW was renamed NXT, he formed The Wyatt Family in November and introduced Luke Harper as his first "son" and Erick Rowan as his second "son". Harper and Rowan competed in the NXT Tag Team Championship tournament to crown the first champions. They defeated Percy Watson and Yoshi Tatsu in the first round and Bo Dallas and Michael McGillicutty in the semi-finals. They lost to Adrian Neville and Oliver Grey in the finals. Wyatt returned from a torn pectoral muscle and had a match on the February 21 episode of "NXT" where he defeated Yoshi Tatsu. Harper and Rowan won a triple threat elimination tag match on the May 2 episode of "NXT" to earn a shot at the championships. Wyatt also had a match against Chris Jericho later in the show but was defeated. Harper and Rowan won the NXT Tag Team Championships after they defeated Neville and Bo Dallas (who was filling in for an injured Grey) on the May 8 episode of "NXT" (taped on May 2). Harper and Rowan held the titles for 49 days and were defeated by Adrian Neville and Corey Graves on the June 20 episode of "NXT" (aired on July 17).

The Wyatt Family debuted on WWE's main roster and attacked Kane after his match with Christian on the July 8 episode of "Raw". The Wyatt Family would then send cryptic messages to Kane asking him to "follow the buzzards". Kane challenged Wyatt to a Ring of Fire match at SummerSlam and Wyatt accepted his challenge. They made their pay-per-view debut at SummerSlam where they defeated Kane in the Ring of Fire match, following interference from Harper and Rowan. On October 6, 2013 at Battleground, Wyatt defeated Kofi Kingston in a match. Their winning streak came to an end when they were defeated by Cody Rhodes and Goldust on the October 11 episode of "SmackDown". They then feuded with Daniel Bryan and CM Punk and faced them at Survivor Series but were defeated. The Wyatt Family faced Daniel Bryan in a 3-on-1 handicap match at where they defeated him. They defeated Daniel Bryan, Cody Rhodes, and Goldust in a 6-man tag team match on the December 23rd episode of "Raw" and were defeated by the team of Daniel Bryan, CM Punk, and John Cena at Tribute to the Troops.

Daniel Bryan faced all three members of The Wyatt Family in a Gauntlet match on the December 30th episode of "Raw". Bryan defeated Harper and Rowan by pinfall and Wyatt by disqualification.<ref name="Raw 12/30/13"></ref> After the match, The Wyatt Family beat down Bryan until Bryan finally joined them.

Two weeks later, on the January 13, 2014 "Raw", Bryan turned against the Family, attacking the other three members in the ring. A few days before that "Raw" show, thousands of fans at a Michigan State University basketball game repeated Bryan's "Yes!" chant. This received large Internet exposure and major coverage on ESPN. One writer for Yahoo! Sports thought that WWE had Bryan turn against the Family because of the Michigan State incident.



Dolores Huerta

Dolores Clara Fernandez Huerta (born April 10, 1930) is a labor leader and civil rights activist. Huerta, along with César Chávez, founded the National Farmworkers Association. This later became the United Farm Workers (UFW). 

Huerta has received many awards for her community service and her support for workers', immigrants', and women's rights. These include the Eugene V. Debs Foundation Outstanding American Award, the United States Presidential Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Human Rights, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Huerta is a role model to many in the Latin community. She is the subject of many corridos (ballads) and paintings.


Ronald Reagan Day

Ronald Reagan Day is a state holiday in California, Illinois and Wisconsin. It is celebrated on February 6 each year. The holiday is to remember the life of Ronald Reagan. All state government offices, community colleges, schools, and libraries are closed.

For the 100th anniversary of Reagan's birthday in 2011, governors in 21 states declared February 6 to be Ronald Reagan Day.

Mandela Day

Nelson Mandela International Day (or Mandela Day) is an international holiday in honor of Nelson Mandela who has contributed for social justice, toleration against racist discrimination, world peace and conflict resolution. It is celebrated each year on 18 July (Mandela's birthday). The day was officially declared by the United Nations General Assembly in November 2009.

The first UN Mandela Day was held on 18 July 2010. However, other groups had celebrated Mandela Day the previous year, on 18 July 2009. This was Mandela's 91st birthday. A series of concerts art exhibitions, fundraising and educational events were held. They led up to a concert at Radio City Music Hall.

Nelson Mandela International Airport

Praia International Airport is an airport on Santiago Island in Cape Verde. It was opened in late 2005, replacing the old Francisco Mendes International Airport. 

It is about 3 kilometres northeast of central Praia in the southeastern part of Santiago Island. At the beginning of 2012, the airport was renamed after Nelson Mandela.

The first flight to the new airport was on October 23, 2005. Even though the airport serves the capital and largest city, Praia, Cape Verde's main international airport is Amílcar Cabral International Airport. This is on the smaller island of Sal.


Bolometric magnitude

Bolometric magnitude, or bolometric luminosity, is the total magnitude of all electromagnetic radiation of a star or other object. It is an extension of luminosity to include all kinds of radiation. 

Deaths in 2014

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2014. For notable deaths in each month, please see "Months".


John Fortune

John Fortune (30 June 1939 – 31 December 2013) was a British satirist, comedian, writer and actor. He was best known for his work with John Bird and Rory Bremner on the television series "Bremner, Bird and Fortune". He studied at Bristol Cathedral School and King's College, Cambridge, where he met John Bird.

Fortune died from leukemia, at the age of 74.


OMG Girlz

The OMG Girlz is an American girl group. The group was started in 2009 in Atlanta by Tameka "Tiny" Cottle and Kiesha Miles, who were members of the girl group XScape. The members are Zonnique Pullins (Miss Star), Bahja Rodriguez (Miss Beauty), and Breaunna Womack (Miss Babydoll). Reginae, the daughter of Lil' Wayne, was a member until 2010. They are all African American teenagers. They have a quirky image. Their first single "Ain't Nobody" was released in 2010. In 2011 the band were signed to Grand Hustle Records. Their first album, "Officially Miss Guided", has not been released yet.

Johnny Orr

John M. "Johnny" Orr (June 10, 1927 – December 31, 2013) was an American basketball player and coach. He was best known for as the head coach of men's basketball at the University of Michigan and at Iowa State University. He remains the coach with most wins in Iowa State history, with 218 wins and 200 losses.

Orr died from congestive heart failure at the age of 86.


Kelly Carlson

Kelly Carlson (born February 17, 1976) is an American actress and model. She is best known for playing Kimber Henry in "Nip/Tuck". She played a motorcycle gang member in "3000 Miles to Graceland".

Carlson was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Ballades (Chopin)

Frédéric Chopin's ballades are four one-movement pieces for solo piano. He composed them between 1835 and 1842. The four ballades are said to have been inspired by Polish poet Adam Mickiewicz. The exact inspiration for each individual ballade, however, is unclear and not agreed upon.

Ballades were composed before Chopin, in literature and Italian Renaissance music. But, Chopin invented the "ballade" as an abstract musical form. The ballade is a distinct form and cannot be placed into another form (e.g. sonata). After Chopin, other composers such as Franz Liszt and Johannes Brahms also wrote ballades.

The ballades are thought to be the best of Chopin's compositions and of romantic music. The ballades are difficult for pianists to play, even after they learn the technical difficulty of the notes. There are still the creative expressions to be mastered. 

All four ballades are from 8 to 12 minutes in length. They are in triple time (three beats to a bar), or in 6/4 or 6/8 time. Each is an individual work and should not be played as a group in a concert. Even Chopin did not do this. He wanted listeners to find their own interpretation of the music. Each piece has its own poetry, drama and story.

Chopin's four ballades are very popular pieces and are often heard in concerts around the world. There have been many recordings made of the ballades by classical pianists.

China Anne McClain

China Anne McClain (born August 25, 1998) is an American actress, singer, and songwriter. The first movie she acted in was "The Gospel". It was released in 2005. Between 2006 and 2012 she played Jazmine Payne in "Tyler Perry's House of Payne".

McClain first acted in the 2005 movie "The Gospel". Tyler Perry saw the movie and gave her the role of Jazmine Payne in "Tyler Perry's House of Payne".
In 2009 McClain played Alana Collins in "Hurricaine Season". In 2011 McClain won the prize for Best Performance - Comedy at the NAMIC Vision Awards for her role in the show. McClain started acting in the Disney sitcom "A.N.T. Farm" in 2011. She played the main character, Chyna Parks. The show lasted three seasons. McClain sung the show's theme song, "Exceptional". It was released on a soundtrack album called "A.N.T. Farm" in 2011. Two singles were released from the album. It reached number 29 in the American albums chart.

In 2014, McClain played Gabby Harrison in Disney Channel movie "How to Build a Better Boy".

McClain was born in Atlanta to African American parents. Her father is Michael McClain, a music producer. Her mother, Shontell, a songwriter.

Shrimp toast

Shrimp toast or prawn toast is a Chinese dim sum dish. It is small triangles of bread, brushed with egg and topped with chopped shrimp and water chestnuts. It is baked or deep fried. It is often served as an appetizer in Chinese restaurants in Australia and the United States. In some countries, such as the United Kingdom and Australia, sesame seeds are sometimes sprinkled on the dish before it is baked or deep fried.

Marian Anderson

Marian Anderson (February 27, 1897 - April 8, 1993) was an American contralto singer. She was the first African American to sing at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York City.

Marian Anderson was born on February 27, 1897 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her parents were African American Christians. All the Anderson family went to the Union Baptist Church in South Philadelphia. She first sang in public when she was six years old. Anderson went to Stanton Grammar School. Her family could not afford to send her to high school. They did not have enough money to pay for music lessons either. Until she was sixteen Anderson taught herself to play the piano and violin. The pastor of Anderson's church and other leaders of the black community raised money for Anderson to go to high school and have music lessons. After high school, Marian applied to an all-white music school, the Philadelphia Music Academy. She was rejected for being black. In 1925, when she was 23 years old, Anderson won a singing competition.

In 1930 Anderson performed in Europe for the first time at Wigmore Hall in London. She liked Europe because people were less racist to her there than in the United States. 1935 Anderson did a concert at the White House. There she met Eleanor Roosevelt, the wife of Franklin Roosevelt. Eleanor Roosevelt and Anderson were friends for the rest of Roosevelt's life.

In 1938 Anderson did a 70-concert tour in the United States. In 1939 the Daughters of the American Revolution would not let Anderson perform in the DAR Constitution Hall to an audience of blacks and whites. The District of Columbia Board of Education also said that Anderson could not perform at a white high school Charles Edward Russell gave a meeting about this the next day. At the meeting the Marian Anderson Citizens Committee was formed. The group planned a protest at the next board of education meeting. President Roosevelt and Walter White got the Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes to arrange an open air concert on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial. On Easter Sunday 1939 Anderson performed on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C. to a crowd of 75,000 people that contained both blacks and whites. She started the concert by singing "America". She also sung “My Country, ’Tis of Thee”. The concert has been described as having started the civil rights movement for equality between African Americans and white Americans. A documentary film was made of the concert. In 2001 the film was added to the by the Library of Congress.

In 1943 Anderson was given the $10,000 Bok Prize by the city of Philadelphia. She sung at the Constitution Hall.

On January 7, 1955, she became the first African American to perform at the Metropolitan Opera House. In 1956 she performed there again. In 1957 Anderson's autobiography, "My Lord, What a Morning", was published. That year Anderson also toured India as an ambassador for the United States.

In 1964 Anderson started her last tour. The tour began in the Constitution Hall. Anderson gave her last concert of the tour and her career in 1965 at Carnegie Hall.

In 1991 Anderson was given the Grammy Award for Lifetime Achievement. She died of congestive heart failure on April 8, 1993 in Portland, Oregon at her nephew's home. She was 96 years old. She was buried in Eden Cemetery in Philadelphia. In 2009 there was a tribute concert for Anderson at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC.

Anderson started living at a farm in 1940. In July 1943, Marian married Orpheus H. Fisher in Connecticut.


Charles Edward Russell

Charles Edward Russell (September 25, 1860 – April 23, 1941) was an American journalist and politician. He started the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People with people including W. E. B. Du Bois, Ida B. Wells, Archibald Grimké, Henry Moskowitz, Mary White Ovington, Oswald Garrison Villard, William English Walling (the last son of a former slave-holding family), and Florence Kelley in 1909. For the rest of his life Russell worked on the board of directors. Russell also wrote 27 books. In 1928 he won a Pulitzer Prize for "The American Orchestra and Theodore Thomas". 

Charles Edward Russell was born in Davenport, Iowa on September 25, 1860. His father was a newspaper editor at the "Davenport Gazette". Russell went to St. Johnsbury Academy for high school. 

Russell worked as a "muckraker". A muckraker was a journalist who reported about how capitalism was bad. In 1902, Russell's first book, "Such Stuff as Dreams", was published. Russell joined the Socialist Party of America in 1908. He was a member until 1917. Russell was the Socialist candidate for Governor of New York in 1910 and 1912. He was a candidate for U.S. Senator from New York in 1914. Russell's memoir "These Shifting Scenes" was published in 1915. Russell acted in the 1917 movie "The Fall of the Romanoffs". In 1928 Russell won the Pulitzer Prize for his biography "The American Orchestra and Theodore Thomas". In 1933 Russell's second memoir "Bare Hands and Stone Walls" was published. Russell was an editorial writer for social democratic magazine The New Leader.

Russell had one child, John Russell. Charles Edward Russell died on 23rd April 1941.

Dana Perino

Dana Marie Perino (born May 9, 1972) is an American journalist. She was the White House Press Secretary under President George W. Bush, from September 2007 to January 2009. She is currently a political commentator working for Fox News. She works for the program "The Five".

Perino was born in Evanston, Wyoming. She was raised in Denver, Colorado.

Megyn Kelly

Megyn Marie Kelly (born November 18, 1970; previously called Megyn Kendall) is an American reporter on Fox News and NBC. She hosted "The Kelly File". She previously hosted "America Live" on Fox News and "Megyn Kelly Today" on NBC. She also hosts the channel's New Year's Eve Special Live every December 31.
On October 26, 2018, NBC News announced the cancellation of "Megyn Kelly Today" in the wake of defending blackface as Halloween costumes.

Kelly was born in Syracuse, New York.

Phillis Wheatley

Phillis Wheatley (May 8, 1753 – December 5, 1784) was a poet. She was the first African-American woman to have a book published. She was born in West Africa, probably in Gambia. She was captured and made a slave in the United States when she was about seven years old on a slave ship called The Phillis.

Her master and his wife taught her how to read and write. Wheatley wrote her first published poem when she was 13. She wrote over 100 poems in her life.

Although she was an African slave, Phillis Wheatley was one of the best-known poets in America. In 1770 Wheatley wrote a poetic tribute to the evangelist George Whitefield. A lot of people said good things about the poem. In 1773 a collection of 39 poems Wheatley had written, "Poems on Various Subjects, Religious and Moral by Phillis Wheatley" was published. It was the first book by an African American woman to be published. The book made her famous in England and the American colonies. There was a poem in the book about a slave trader who brought people from Africa to America. Wheatley's mistress, Mrs. Wheatley, died on October 18, 1773. At this point Wheatley did not have to do household chores anymore. Yet, it was not until 1778 that she was set free when her master, John Wheatley, died. That year she married John Peters. Peters was a free black grocer. They had two children. Both of them died when they were babies. Her husband got put in prison in 1784 for debt. After this Wheatley became very poor. Wheatley died of illness in 1784 in Boston. She was 31 years old.

Phillis Wheatley was born around 1753 in Gambia, Africa. She was captured by slave trader and brought to America in 1761, which she was only a seven or eight years old young girl. When she arrived America, she got sold to the Wheatley family in Boston, Massachusetts. The reason John Wheatley purchased her was that he needed some young girls to serve his wife, who had weak body. In addition, the Wheatley family educated her. After sixteen months, she could read the Bible, and other books in different three languages. The Wheatley family saw her talent, so they allowed her to focus on her studies. When she was fourteen years old, she began writing poem and published her first poem in 1767.

On April 1, 1778, Wheatley married John Peters, a handsome and well-mannered free black. They knew each others for five years,then they married. He likes to call himself Dr. Peters, practicing law and keeping a grocery store at the court. But, his business did not work well and match his dream. Soon after their marriage, they moved to Wilmington, Massachusetts. Shortly returning to Boston they set up their home in the run-down section of the city. Since John Peter could not find a job and that made them became very poor. She had three children with John Peter but they all died when they were still a baby. The debt from John Peter makes Wheatley go to work as a charwoman.

Her writing style came from different places. Her writing style also embraced the elegy, likely from her African roots. It was the role of girls to sing and perform funeral dirges. Religion was also a key influence, and it led Protestants in America and England to enjoy her work. Wheatley’s poems reflected several influences on her life. She is strongly against slavery, she strongly says that all people should have their freedom. 

For example, she said America should be set free from England, and African Americans should be set free from slavery. She wrote several letters to ministers and others on liberty and freedom. That shows she put her beliefs in her letters and her poems to tell the people what she thinks is right.

Two of Wheatley's writings were printed after she died. Vincent Carretta wrote a book about Wheatley's life called "Phillis Wheatley: Biography of a Genius in Bondage". It was published in 2011. In 2012, Robert Morris University named the new building for their School of Communications and Information Sciences after Phillis Wheatley. A statue of Wheatley is part of the Boston Women's Memorial on Commonwealth Ave in Boston.

John Caspar Wild

John Caspar Wild (1804 - August 12, 1846) was an American painter and lithographer. He was also called J.C. Wild. He was born in Switzerland. He moved to Paris, France. In 1832 he moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He painted and printed landscapes. He painted a lot of cities in the United States. He painted pictures of Philadelphia, St. Louis, Cincinnati, and Davenport, Iowa. His artwork is owned by the Library Company of Pennsylvania.

Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce

Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce, OD (born December 27, 1986) is a Jamaican sprinter. She became famous in 2008 when she became the first Caribbean woman to win 100 meters gold at the Olympics at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. At the 2012 London Olympic Games she won another gold medal in the same event. She also won silver in 200 meters and 4 x 100 meters relay. She is five feet tall. She is one of the fastest women to run 100 meters of all time.

She is a Christian.

Samuel Rhoads

Samuel Rhoads (1711 - April 7, 1784) was an American architect and politician.

As an architect, he made drawings of what the Pennsylvania Hospital should look like. His designs were used and continued to be used after he died. He was the Mayor of Philadelphia in 1774. He also was a delegate in the First Continental Congress. He was friends with Benjamin Franklin. He was director of the Library Company of Philadelphia. He was also involved in the American Philosophical Society, where he was Vice President. 


Ornithomimidae

Ornithomimidae ("bird-mimics") is a group of theropod dinosaurs which bore a superficial resemblance to modern ostriches. They were fast, omnivorous or herbivorous dinosaurs from the Upper Cretaceous of Laurasia (now Asia and North America). Members of the Ornithomimidae include "Gallimimus", "Archaeornithomimus", "Anserimimus", "Struthiomimus", and "Ornithomimus".

Ornithomimids are a sister group to the troodontids. These groups had many bird-like features, including feathers, but they were not birds.

The skulls of ornithomimids were small, with large eyes, above relatively long and slender necks. All had toothless beaks.
The fore limbs ('arms') were long and slender and bore powerful claws. The hind limbs were long and powerful, with a long foot and short, strong toes terminating in hooflike claws. 

Ornithomimids probably acquired most of their calories from plants. Many ornithomimosaurs, including primitive species, have been found with numerous gastroliths in their stomachs, characteristic of herbivores. Henry Fairfield Osborn suggested that the long, sloth-like 'arms' of ornithomimids may have been used to pull down branches on which to feed, an idea supported by further study of their strange, hook-like hands. Ornithomimids probably acquired most of their calories from plants. Many ornithomimosaurs, including primitive species, have been found with numerous gastroliths in their stomachs, characteristic of herbivores.

The sheer abundance of ornithomimids – they are the most common small dinosaurs in North America – is consistent with the idea that they were plant eaters, as herbivores usually outnumber carnivores in an ecosystem. However, they may have been omnivores that ate both plants and small animal prey.

Grace Gates

The Grace Gates (or the WG Grace Memorial Gates) are a pair of gates at Lord's Cricket Ground in London, England. They were built in 1923. They are a Grade II listed building.

Rapper's Delight

"Rapper's Delight" is a song by The Sugarhill Gang. It was their first single. It is fourteen minutes and thirty-five seconds long. The single reached number one in the Netherlands and Canada. The song made hip hop popular around the world. "Rolling Stone" magazine put "Rapper's Delight" at number 248 in their 500 Greatest Songs of All Time list.

The Sugarhill Gang

The Sugarhill Gang is an American hip hop group. They are best known for their 1979 single "Rapper's Delight". It was the first hip hop song to enter the top 40 in the United States. The song was on their first album "Sugarhill Gang".

The group formed in 1973. They broke up in 2007. They have released four studio albums.

Bon Iver

Bon Iver is an American indie folk band. The band was started in Eau Claire in 2007 by Justin Vernon. The band has seven members. Their most well known song is "Skinny Love".

In 2007 they self released their first album, "For Emma, Forever Ago". In 2008 the independent record label Jagjaguwar released it in the United States. It sold over 30,000 copies in its first three months. 4AD later released the album in the UK and Europe. The first single from the album was "Skinny Love". In 2008 Bon Iver designed a T-shirt for the Yellow Bird Project.

In 2009 Bon Iver released their first EP "Blood Bank". In 2011 they released their second album "Bon Iver, Bon Iver". "Pitchfork" gave the album a score of 9.5 out of 10. They chose it as the best album of 2011. The album won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album in 2012. In 2012 Bon Iver also won the Grammy for Best New Artist. "Holocene" was nominated for Song of the Year and Record of the Year.

Wilko Johnson

John Peter Wilkinson (12 July 1947 – 21 November 2022), is an English singer, guitarist and songwriter. He is best known for his time with the pub rock band Dr. Feelgood. He is said to be one of the founding influences of the English punk movement.

Johnson was featured in the first and second seasons of the HBO series "Game of Thrones". He played a mute executioner named Ilyn Payne.

In January 2013, he was diagnosed with metastatic pancreatic cancer. He chose not to receive any chemotherapy. He said in an interview with John Wilson on the BBC Radio 4 programme "Front Row" that the doctors told him he only had nine or ten months to live. He also said during the interview that he was going to do a "farewell tour" of the UK set for March. When he finished his tour, he announced that he was going to spend his final days recording a farewell album with Roger Daltrey, lead singer of The Who.

In October 2014, Johnson announced he was cancer free.
Johnson died on 21 November 2022, at his home in Westcliff-on-Sea, at the age of 75. Following the announcement of Johnson's death, Billy Bragg said, "His guitar playing was angry and angular, but his presence – twitchy, confrontational, out of control – was something we'd never beheld before in UK pop. Rotten, Strummer and Weller learned a lot from his edgy demeanour." Alex Kapranos, lead singer of Franz Ferdinand said, "His unique, wired playing & stage presence thrilled & inspired many guitarists, myself included." Broadcaster Bob Harris said "Wilko was absolutely unique. His energy and spirit were incredible."


Lolita fashion

Lolita fashion is a fashion subculture that started in Japan. It is based on Victorian era clothing. 

There are many types of lolita fashion. These include Gothic lolita, sweet lolita, and classic lolita. Lolita fashion brands include Baby, The Stars Shine Bright, Moi-même-Moitié, Angelic Pretty, and Manifesteange Metamorphose temps de fille. Gothic lolita began in the late 1990s in Harajuku. The visual kei musician Mana dresses in the gothic lolita style. He helped make the style popular. Some people outside of Japan wear lolita fashion. The 2002 novel "Kamikaze Girls" has a sweet lolita character called Momoko. 

Palmyra, Pennsylvania

Palmyra is a borough of Lebanon County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is near Harrisburg in the southeastern part of Pennsylvania. In 2020, the population of Palmyra was almost 7,830.

Palmyra was settled during 1717. Its local council was formed in 1913.

Tea gown

Tea gowns are woman's at-home dresses for informal events. They became popular in mid-to-late 1800s. The earliest tea gowns were European developments influenced by Asian clothing and historical approach from 18th century.

Tea gowns usually have long sleeves.

Polonaise (clothing)

A polonaise is a type of gown that has a bodice and an attached skirt. They started in the late 18th century. Polonaises have a cutaway, drapes and an overskirt, worn over a petticoat.

Pantalettes

Pantalettes are female undergarments that cover the legs. They used to be worn by boys before they were old enough to wear trousers.

Pantalettes started in the 19th century in France.

Basque (clothing)

A basque is a type of jacket, bodice or long corset worn by women. In Victorian fashion, "basque" means a closely fitted bodice or jacket extending past the waistline over the hips.

From 20th century or later, "basque" also refers to certain lingerie articles.

Victorian fashion

Victorian fashion refers to the various fashions and trends of Europe during the Victorian Era, which lasted from 1837 to 1901, and is named after the reigning queen of England at the time, Queen Victoria. The period saw many changes in fashion, including changes in clothing, architecture, literature, and visual arts.

During this period, fashion changed a lot. In the 1800s, you had small silhouettes and pastel colors. In the 1830s, there was very exaggerated fashion. The 1860s are also famous for this along with the 1870s, the 1880s, and the 1890s. But during the early part of the 20th century, fashion was toned down in the sense of exaggeration and playfulness. 

The main woman who inspired was the Queen of England and Empress of India, Victoria. She was at the peak of royalty and ruled for many years, therefore influencing many trends during the century. 

By 1907, clothing was increasingly factory-made and often sold in large, fixed price department stores. Custom sewing and home sewing were still significant, but on the decline. New machinery and materials developed clothing in many ways.

The introduction of the lock-stitch sewing machine in mid-century simplified home and boutique dressmaking. It made it easy to add trimmings which would be costly if done by hand. Lace machinery made lace at a fraction of the cost of the old hand-made lace. Inventors developed new, cheap, bright dyes like mauveine which replaced the old animal or vegetable dyes.

Eodromaeus

Eodromaeus (meaning "dawn runner") is an extinct genus of basal theropod dinosaur from the Upper Triassic of Argentina. An almost complete articulated skeleton (the bones were still mostly connected) was found in 1996.

"Eodromaeus" has been cited by Paul Sereno as "close to the root of the dinosaurs". It is the earliest known definite theropod.

"Eodromaeus" was a relatively small dinosaur, with a total length of about from nose to tail, and a weight of about . The trunk was long and slender. It is unknown how fast "Eodromaeus" could run: about has been suggested. The animal was, like all early dinosaurs, bipedal. The forelimbs were much shorter than the hindlimbs, ending in hands with five digits. Digits IV and V were very reduced in size.

Gothic fashion

Gothic fashion (also goth fashion) is very dark, exotic or complex clothing worn in goth subculture. Both female and male goths use dark eyeliner or nail polish.

Pope Clement II

Pope Clement II was the leader of the Catholic Church from 25 December 1046 until he died in 1047. 

He was born with the name Suidger von Morsleben in Hornburg, Lower Saxony, Germany. His parents were Count Konrad of Morsleben and Hornburg and his wife Amulrad. His date of birth is unknown.

In the year 1040, von Morsleben became the Bishop of Bamberg. In 1046 he went with King Henry III to Italy and in December, he took part in the Council of Sutri. This took Popes Benedict IX and Sylvester III out of power, and also convinced Pope Gregory VI to resign. King Henry nominated (suggested) Suidger to be the new pope and the council elected him. Suidger took the name Clement II. Shortly after he was elected, Pope Clement and Henry moved to Rome. There, Clement crowned Henry III as Holy Roman Emperor. 

Clement II's short pontificate (time as pope) began an improvement in the way the Roman Church worked, especially by making laws against simony. Simony is when people would pay to have sacraments given to them. 

The reform party criticized Clement's election because there was royal involvement and because the pope was already bishop of another place. 

Clement and the Emperor went on a journey through southern Italy to celebrate his election. Benevento was placed under an interdict (they were prevented from taking part in some Church rites) because they wouldn't allow Pope Clement to enter. Afterwards they went to Germany, where Clement made Wiborada a saint. Wiborada was a martyr who was killed praying for the people of her city.

On Henry III and Pope Clement's way back to Rome in October 1047, Pope Clement suddenly died. His body was taken to Bamberg, a place he had loved, and was buried near the Bamberg Cathedral. 

Scientists studied Clement's body in the mid-20th century. They confirmed that the pope had been poisoned with lead sugar. They do not know whether he was poisoned or whether he was using the chemical as medicine.

Division of Page

The Division of Page is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It is in the far north-east of the state, next the border with Queensland and the Tasman Sea. It is named after the Right Honourable Sir Earle Page, the first leader of the Country Party of Australia and the caretaker Prime Minister of Australia after the death of Joseph Lyons in 1939. It was set up in 1984.

The division includes the towns of Lismore, Casino, Grafton, Tyringham, Bonalbo, Nimbin and Iluka.

Ian Causley had been in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Clarence. He resigned in 1996 to stand for the Division of Page, and defeated Harry Woods. Woods then stood for Causely's vacant state seat of Clarence which he won. Causley was the Deputy Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives


Division of Parkes

The Division of Parkes is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It is the largest electorate in the state. It is located in the far north of the state, next to the border with Queensland. It is named after Sir Henry Parkes, seventh Premier of New South Wales and sometimes known as the 'Father of Federation'. It was set up in 1984.

It includes the towns of Dubbo. It also includes the towns of Mudgee, Dunedoo, Gunnedah, Coonabarabran, Coonamble, Walgett, Narrabri, Moree, Warren, Nyngan, Cobar and Bourke. The division does not include the town of Parkes.

This is the second Division of Parkes. The first Division of Parkes (1901-69) was in suburban Sydney. 

Michael Cobb was found guilty of fraud in 1998. He claimed money for staying in hotels, but he was actually seeping in his car. John Cobb was Minister for Citizenship and Multicultural Affairs and later Community Services in the Howard government. In the 2007 election Cobb moved to the Division of Calare.

Since the 2013 election, Parkes is the safest seat in Australia. It would need more votes than any other seat to change to another political party.


Juanita Moore

Juanita Moore (October 19, 1914 - January 1, 2014) was an American movie and television actress. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Imitation of Life". She was the fifth African-American actor to be nominated for an Academy Award and the third in that category.

Moore died on January 1, 2014 from natural causes at her home in Los Angeles. She was aged 99.


James Avery

James La Rue Avery, Sr. (November 27, 1945 – December 31, 2013) was an American actor. He was born in Virginia and raised in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He was best known for his role on the television show "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air". He played father and lawyer Philip Banks, Will Smith's character's uncle.

Avery died from problems after open-heart surgery in a hospital in Los Angeles. He was aged 68.


The Linguini Incident

The Linguini Incident is a comedy movie. It was released in May 1991. Marlee Matlin and David Bowie are in this movie.

Albert Newsam

Albert Newsam (May 20, 1809 – November 20, 1864) was an American artist. He was a painter and made lithographs of people and places.

Albert Newsam was born in the city of Steubenville in the state of Ohio in the United States. He was born deaf and mute. He was also an orphan. Newsam was making art when he was a little boy. When he was still a little boy, he met a man named William P. Davis. Davis acted like he was also deaf and mute, but he wasn't. He took Newsam to the city of Philadelphia in Pennsylvania and forced Newsam to make art and Davis would sell it and make money off of it. In 1820, Newsam was saved from being with Davis and went to school at the Pennsylvania School for the Deaf.

In the year 1827, Newsam started to make art as an apprentice to a printmaker named Cephas G. Childs. Newsam had a lot of artists who taught him when he worked for Childs. One of the artists was George Catlin. Newsam started making art all the time as an artist in 1829. His pictures were published and sold for money. Childs retired and another man named Peter S. Duvall became owner of the company. Newsam worked for him and became the main artist at the company.

Newsam painted and drew pictures of politicians, preachers, and rich people. He also made pictures of landscapes, medical illustrations, and sheet music.

Newsam started to lose his eyesight in the year 1857. In 1859, he had a stroke, which made him stop making art. He had to move to a place called the Living Home for the Sick and Well in the state of Delaware. Since he could not sell art anymore, his friends paid for him to move to the home. He died there in the year 1864.

His artwork is owned by the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and The Library Company of Philadelphia.


Steubenville, Ohio

Steubenville is a city in and the county seat of Jefferson County in the state of Ohio in the United States. The city is next to the Ohio River. 18,161 people lived there in the year 2020.

A fort used to be located where the city is. The fort was called Fort Steuben. It was there in 1786. The fort was named after Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben.

Steubenville has a nickname. It is the "City of Murals". There are over 25 different murals around the city. Franciscan University of Steubenville and Eastern Gateway Community College are located in the city.


Pennsylvania School for the Deaf

The Pennsylvania School for the Deaf is a school for deaf people. It is in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States. It is the third oldest deaf school in the United States. It was built in 1890 and is on the list of the National Register of Historic Places. It used to be called the Pennsylvania Institute for the Deaf and Dumb.


George Catlin

George Catlin (July 26, 1796 – December 23, 1872) was an American painter and author. He traveled a lot, and painted a lot of pictures of Native American people in the Western United States. He was born in Wilkes-Barre in the state of Pennsylvania. He died in the city of Jersey City in the state of New Jersey.

Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts

The Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts is a museum and art school in the city of Philadelphia in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. It was started in 1805. It is the oldest art museum and art school in the United States.


Katherine Milhous

Katherine Milhous (November 27, 1894 – December 5, 1977) was an American artist, illustrator and author. She wrote and made the art for the book "The Egg Tree". In 1951, the book won the Caldecott Medal for best illustrations. Milhous mainly wrote children's books.

Katherine Milhous was born November 27, 1894 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her parents were named Osborn and Katherine Daly Milhous. They were Quakers and printmakers. The family moved to Pitman, New Jersey when Milhous was a little girl. A lot of Quakers lived in Pitman so the family wanted to move to be close to them. Milhous moved back to Philadelphia. She went to school at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and the Pennsylvania Museum of Industrial Art. She made art for magazines to pay for school. She also traveled outside of the United States with a fellowship she was given.

Milhous worked for the Federal Art Project in Philadelphia from the year 1935 until she stopped in 1940. She made a lot of posters to advertise the state of Pennsylvania. A lot of the art showed people and things from the Pennsylvania Dutch community. Milhous met Alice Dalgliesh and the two women would write books together. Milhous would make the art for the books. Milhous went to work for Charles Scribner's & Sons where Dalgliesh worked. Milhous started to write and make art for her own books, too.

She died in Philadelphia in the year 1977. The University of Minnesota and the Free Library of Philadelphia own her archives.


Yeezus

Yeezus is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West. It was released on June 18, 2013, by Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings. The album was given very good reviews by music critics. "Yeezus" entered the "Billboard" 200 at number one. It also reached number one in 30 other countries. "Pitchfork" gave the album a score of 9.5 out of 10. "Yeezus" is a hip hop album.

"Black Skinhead" was released as the first single from the album on June 19, 2013. It reached 34 in the UK Singles Chart. "Bound 2" was released as the album's second single. The music video for the single had West's fiancee at the time, Kim Kardashian in it.

The album was nominated for Album of the Year at the 2014 Grammy Awards. The fourth song on the album, "New Slaves", was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rap Song. "Time" magazine chose "Yeezus" as the best album of 2013. In Pitchfork's 2013 Readers Poll, "Yeezus" was chosen as 2013's best album.

On October 19 2013 West started The Yeezus Tour. A Tribe Called Quest gave their last performance there. The tour ended on December 23 2013.

Credits adapted from West's official website.


Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.


Guns, Germs and Steel

Guns, Germs and Steel is a 1997 book by Jared Diamond about the history of humans.

The book is about why some humans societies (from small tribes to big countries) were able to use more inventions and conquer (take over) others. Diamond thinks that the answer is because of geography and not because of differences in the people themselves. The book deals with many topics like history, geography, biology, anthropology and sociology.

In 2005, a TV program was made about the book's ideas, with Diamond as the presenter. This was shown on PBS.

In the introduction, Diamond writes about the time he met Yali, a man from New Guinea, in 1972. Yali asked "Why is it that you white people [made] so much cargo and brought it to New Guinea, but we black people had little cargo of our own?" By "cargo", Yali meant inventions and objects that are made in a factory. Diamond thought about this question for years, which led to him writing the book.

Diamond says that sometimes, one society has been far better at fighting wars and using inventions than another. This has led to times when one society found it very easy to conquer another. One example is when the Spanish conquered the Inca Empire in the 1530s. The Spanish won because they had far better weapons, and they also had horses. This is why thousands of Incas died fighting against 168 Spaniards at the Battle of Cajamarca. Another important reason why the Spanish won was diseases. The Spanish did not know that they had brought diseases to South America that killed many people. This also weakened the Inca Empire. The Spanish conquered the Inca Empire with their "guns, germs and steel", and other things.

Diamond starts by talking about how modern humans ("homo sapiens") spread out of Africa and around the world. Diamond believes that it is unlikely that some modern humans could be born more intelligent than others, because if a more intelligent type of human appeared, they would spread around the world very quickly.

At first, humans lived in hunter-gatherer societies. This means that they lived by hunting animals and picking up foods from plants. The journey towards modern inventions began about 9,000 years ago when humans first learned to grow crops. In order to start farming these crops, humans first had to "domesticate" the crops, meaning that they had to change them so that they were better for farming. They did this by using "selective breeding". This means that they planted the seeds from the best plants, to make sure that better plants appeared the next year. Diamond talks about why this happened to some plants and not others. For example, most trees are not useful for farming because they take a very long time to grow. The most useful plants were plants that took only a year to grow.

The Fertile Crescent (an area now mostly in Iraq, Syria and Turkey) was the first place where humans learned to farm. China and New Guinea were also early places where humans learned to farm. Later, farming also began in other regions. However, some regions had more useful crops than others. Crops were more useful if they had more nutritious, meaning they had things like proteins that humans need from their food. They were also more useful if they were easier to grow and were less likely to fail in bad weather. This is why crops from the Fertile Crescent and China spread a long way, while those from New Guinea did not spread far from the island.
Farming was a big change. In a farming society, more people could live in the same area ("population density") than a hunter-gatherer society. This is why they could easily take over the lands of hunter-gatherers, if their crops could grow there. Diamond notes that it was usually easier for crops to spread east or west than north or south, because crops could only grow in a similar climate. Humans from farming societies spread to regions where their crops could grow, such as from the Fertile Crescent to Europe, North Africa and South Asia and from China to the rest of East Asia. Eurasia (Europe and Asia) became home to far more farming societies than the rest of the world, and they had better crops. Meanwhile, these crops could not spread from North Africa into the middle of Africa, and therefore they did not spread to South Africa (where the crops could grow). Meanwhile, until Europeans discovered the Americas, crops from Central America did not spread to South America, and crops from South America did not spread to Central America.

Humans also domesticated animals. As with plants, only some animals were good for this. For example, animals that lived in herds were easier to control than animals that lived alone. Mostly for similar reasons, Eurasia had more farm animals than the other parts of the world. Only two large animals were domesticated outside of Eurasia: llamas and alpacas in South America. Living with animals caused humans to catch more diseases. These spread through Eurasia and Africa. This is why many Native Americans died of diseases after European people travelled to the Americas, but the Europeans did not catch diseases from the Native Americans. On the other hand, in tropical areas, diseases like malaria stopped Europeans from moving into those areas until the late 19th century.

Diamond writes about what each region was like before European explorers started travelling around the world:

Diamond believes that farming was important because humans had to start farming before they could invent things like cities, metal, the wheel and writing. Farming led to humans living in larger groups, so they had to form more complicated societies. They began to live in countries rather than tribes. In a farming society, not everyone may work on a farm. Some people can do other jobs, like rulers, writers and inventors, because there is so much food. The societies with the best farming were the ones that were more likely to have inventors. This is different to a hunter-gatherer society, where everyone must help find food. 

Later in the book, Diamond talks about why European countries developed more inventions than the rest of Eurasia. Because of this, some European countries were the first places to be changed by the Industrial Revolution and they also formed empires that ruled over distant lands (known as colonialism). Until the 15th century, China actually had more inventions than Europe. Diamond suggests that this changed because many European countries were in competition with each other. European countries had to keep changing and using new inventions, to avoid being conquered by other countries. Meanwhile, China was ruled as one empire that did not have to worry about this. Diamond also believes that geography affected this pattern. Geography made it hard for Europe to unite into large countries, but made it easy for China.

Argentavis magnificens

Argentavis magnificens is one of the two largest flying birds ever discovered. This bird, sometimes called the giant teratorn, is an extinct species. It has been found at three sites from the late Miocene of central and northwestern Argentina. A good sample of fossils has been found.

Estimates:


Curtis Axel

Joseph Curtis "Joe" Hennig (born October 1, 1979) is an American professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring name Curtis Axel and previous ring name Michael McGillicutty. He worked for the WWE from 2007 to 2020, where he is a former Intercontinental Champion and former two-time WWE (Raw) Tag Team Champion with David Otunga and Bo Dallas. He was also a member of The New Nexus which was led by CM Punk.

Axel was born in Champlin, Minnesota. His father was "Mr. Perfect" Curt Hennig and his grandfather is Larry "The Axe" Hennig. He chose his ring name Curtis Axel as a tribute to them.


Insider trading

Insider trading means the trading of public companies' stocks and other assets on stock markets using secret information. This is done by getting people who have confidential or non-public facts about how much a stock is really worth to tell traders so they can buy or sell to make profit and manipulate that particular 

stock. A stock could be worth more or less than the public knows, depending on how well a company is doing in making money, new innovations, sales and demand. 

In many countries, insider trading with secret information is against the law.

Some economists think insider trading should be allowed.

Arlene Francis

Arlene Francis (or Arline Francis Kazanjian; October 20, 1907 – May 31, 2001) was an American actress and radio talk show host. She hosted "What's My Line?" from 1950 to 1975. She was also a stage performer.

Francis was born in New York City. She died in San Francisco from Alzheimer's disease caused by cancer.

Frances Bean Cobain

Frances Bean Cobain (born August 18, 1992) is an American visual artist and former model. She was born in Los Angeles. She is the only child of Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love.

Isaac Vorsah

Isaac Vorsah (born 21 June 1988) is a Ghanaian football player. He played for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. 

He began his career at Oscar FC in Kpando, Ghana and FC Maamobi. He transferred to Gamba All Blacks F.C. in 2005. In January 2007 Asante Kotoko bought Vorsah. The German team TSG 1899 Hoffenheim offered him a trial. After the trial he was loaned until 30 June 2008. On 1 April 2008 TSG 1899 Hoffenheim bought him and he signed until 30 June 2011. For Hoffenheim he played 130 times and shot 4 goals. He moved to Red Bull Salzburg in August 2012. After he came back from the Africa Cup 2013 he was injured badly and missed the 2013/14 season.

Vorsah played his first match for Ghana in 2007 against Senegal. For Ghana he played the Africa Cup 2010, 2012 and 2013. He was also part of the team for the FIFA World Championship 2010. In total he played 16 matches for Ghana.

Red Bull Salzburg

Ghana

Leopard danio

The leopard danio ("Brachydanio" "rerio" or "Brachydanio frankei") is a species of freshwater fish. They are native to India.

The leopard danio is an active fish that likes to live in shoals (groups). They are peaceful fish. They are often kept in community fish tanks. They grow to about 40–50 mm. They like to live in a water temperature of about 18–25 °C.

Leopard danios are omnivores. In the wild, they mostly eat invertebrates. In tanks, they can eat bloodworms, brine shrimp and flake foods.


Elizabeth Jane Howard

Elizabeth Jane Howard, Lady Amis, CBE, FRSL (26 March 1923 – 2 January 2014) was an English novelist. Before being a writer, Howard was an actress and a model.

Howard died at the age of 90, at her home in Bungay, Suffolk.

She married Sir Peter Scott in 1942. They had a daughter, Nicola (born 1943). Howard left Scott in 1946 and they divorced in 1951. 

Her second marriage to Jim Douglas-Henry in 1958 was brief. Her third marriage to novelist Sir Kingsley Amis lasted from 1965 until their divorce in 1983. Her stepson, Martin Amis, has said that she encouraged him to become a more serious reader and writer.

Malin Åkerman

Malin Maria Åkerman (born 12 May 1978) is a Swedish-Canadian actress. She acted in "27 Dresses" in 2008 and in "Watchmen" in 2009. She also does singing and modeling. She played Kate Harrison in the ABC comedy "Trophy Wife".

She will appear as Claire Wyden in the 2018 science fiction movie "Rampage".

Åkerman was born in Stockholm. She moved to Canada at age two and was raised partly in Sweden and partly in Ontario.

Joost van der Westhuizen

Joost van der Westhuizen (20 February 1971 – 6 February 2017) was a South African former rugby union player. He played as a scrum-half for the national team. He played in the 1995 and 1999 Rugby World Cups. 

On 12 May 2011, van der Westhuizen's publicist announced that he had a muscle-related neural disease. It was believed to be a form of motor neurone disease. Doctors at the Cleveland Clinic in the United States have since confirmed that he had motor neurone disease. They believed he had only a 20% chance of living for two to five years.

On 6 February 2017, van der Westhuizen died at a hospital in Johannesburg, South Africa from complications of motor neurone disease, aged 45.


Seal of Missouri

The Great Seal of the State of Missouri is an emblem that represents the U.S. state of Missouri. It was officially adopted on January 11, 1822. The center of the seal has two bears with the motto: "United we stand, divided we fall". The outer circle has the words "The Great Seal of the State of Missouri".

The year 1820 is shown in Roman numerals. Missouri, however, did not become a state until August 1821.

Seal of Iowa

The Great Seal of the State of Iowa is an emblem that represents the U.S. state of Iowa. It was created in 1847, one year after Iowa became a state. The seal shows a soldier over fields of wheat surrounded by symbols important to Iowa's history. They include transportation, farms and mining.

The seal has the words "The Great Seal of the State of Iowa" around the outside.

Iowa became a state on December 28th, 1846. Before joining the Union, it was a territory. Iowa had a long history in civil rights. The territory was decades ahead of other territories and states. As part of its process in becoming a state, Iowa determined a motto that says this: "'Our Liberties We Prize and Our Rights We Will Maintain'."

Seal of Louisiana

The Great Seal of the State of Louisiana is an emblem that represents the U.S. state of Louisiana. It was adopted in 1902.

It has four pelicans (one adult, the other three are little). Mother Pelican wounds her breast to feed her young. "Union, justice, confidence" are the words of the motto surrounding these four pelicans.

The wording "State of Louisiana" is on the outer edge of the seal.

Seal of Arkansas

The state seal of Arkansas was adopted in 1864. It was changed to its present style on May 23, 1907. The inner seal contains an Angel of Mercy, Sword of Justice and Goddess of Liberty around a bald eagle.

The outer ring has the words "Great Seal of the State of Arkansas".

Luhman 16

Luhman 16 is a binary brown dwarf in the southern constellation Vela at 6.6 light-years from the Sun. It is also known as WISE 1049-5319.

These are the nearest known brown dwarfs to the Solar System, and the closest system discovered since Barnard's Star in 1916. 

The primary has a stellar classification of L8 ± 1, and the secondary is probably near the L/T transition. The pair orbit each other at a distance of about 3 AU with an orbital period of about 25 years.

Springhill, Louisiana

Springhill is a city in the north of Louisiana. It is next to the border with Arkansas. The city was originally called "Barefoot".

Its local government was set up in 1902.

Yolanda Denise King

Yolanda Denise King (November 17, 1955 – May 15, 2007) was the first daughter of Martin Luther King, Jr.. She was also the sister of Martin Luther King III, Dexter Scott King and Bernice Albertine King.

Yolanda's father was killed when she was only 12 years old. On April 4, 1968, the day that he was killed, her mother got a phone call from Jesse Jackson. Yolanda was the only one of her four brothers and sisters to realize that their father had been killed. She went to his funeral and tried to act like her mother after that. She graduated from her high school when she was 16 years old.

She got bullied when she went to Smith College because she was her father's daughter, and did not know how to deal with the issue. She got over the bullying by reading his books and started thinking he was correct on his views when he was alive. After finishing her first year at the college, she went back home and at that point her grandmother Alberta Williams King was shot and killed.

She died on May 15, 2007 after talking to her brother Dexter and falling in his home due to a heart disease.

The Giver (movie)

The Giver is a science fiction movie that will be released August 2014. It is about the sacrifices of humanity. This movie was based on the book of the same name.

Viva Bianca

Viva Bianca (or Viva Skubiszewski; 17 November 1983) is an Australian actress. She stars on the television show "Spartacus". She was also on other shows.

Her maiden name is pronounced "scooby-shev-ski". She is from Victoria.

Serena

Serena is a drama movie that will be released in April 2014. The story is about a wife that cannot have children. Jennifer Lawrence plays Serena, Bradley Cooper plays her husband George. The movie is based on the novel "Serena" (2008) by Ron Rash.

Dirk Sager

Dirk Sager (August 13, 1940 – January 2, 2014) was a German journalist. He was a member of P.E.N.. He worked for German broadcaster ZDF from 1968.

Sager was born in Hamburg. He studied at Free University Berlin.

He died in Potsdam from a stroke. He was aged 73.



Herman Pieter de Boer

Herman Pieter de Boer (9 February 1928 – 1 January 2014), also known as Johnny Austerlitz, was a Dutch writer, journalist and lyricist. He began his career during the late 1950s, and continued for more than 55 years. During this time, he wrote over 65 novels.

De Boer was born in Rotterdam, South Holland. He was married twice during his life. He also had a long relationship with Dutch singer-songwriter Lenny Kuhr from 1981 to 1993.

He died at the age of 85 after a long illness, in Eindhoven, North Brabant.

Lee Daniels

Lee Louis Daniels (born December 24, 1959) is an American actor, movie producer and director. He produced "Monster's Ball" and directed the movie "". 

He has received six Academy Award nominations, including Best Director for "Precious". The movie won two of the awards.

In 2013, Daniels directed "The Butler", a historical drama about the White House and its presidents during the 20th century. The movie had an ensemble cast. It received positive reviews and became a box office success.

Daniels lives in New York City. He is openly gay and adopted his biological niece and nephew.


Eugene Allen

Eugene Allen (July 14, 1919 – March 31, 2010) was an American waiter and butler. He worked for the White House for 34 years until he retired in 1986. He served eight presidents of the United States. He began working at the White House in 1952. Allen's life was the inspiration for the movie "The Butler", released in 2013.

Allen earned the highest rank of butlers serving in the White House. At the Maître d'hôtel in 1981, President Ronald Reagan invited Allen and his wife Helene to a state dinner at the White House. The dinner was in honor of Helmut Kohl.

Allen was born in Scottsville, Virginia on July 14, 1919. He received no formal schooling. He began working as a waiter at a pool club. Allen met his wife Helene in 1942. They had a son, Charles Allen. Helene wanted to vote for Barack Obama in 2008, but she died the day before the election, on November 3, 2008. 

Allen died at a hospital in Takoma Park, Maryland, from kidney failure. He was aged 90.


P. D. James

Phyllis Dorothy James, Baroness James of Holland Park, OBE, FRSA, FRSL (3 August 1920 – 27 November 2014) was an English writer of crime fiction. She was commonly known as P. D. James, which was the name her books are published under. She was most famous for a series of detective novels starring policeman and poet Adam Dalgliesh.

James was a life peer in the House of Lords. James died peacefully at her home in Oxford on 27 November 2014, aged 94.


Bob Keeshan

Robert James "Bob" Keeshan (June 27, 1927 – January 23, 2004) was an American television producer and actor. He is known for his role as the title character of the children's television program "Captain Kangaroo". It became an icon for millions of people during its 30-year run from 1955 to 1984.

Keeshan also played the original "Clarabell the Clown" on the "Howdy Doody" television program.

Keeshan died in Windsor, Vermont from a heart attack. He was aged 76. 


John Spencer (actor)

John Spencer (December 20, 1946 – December 16, 2005) was an American actor. He was best known for playing White House Chief of Staff Leo McGarry on the successful television series "The West Wing". He won an Emmy Award for this role in 2002.

Spencer died of a heart attack in a hospital in Los Angeles. He was aged 58.


Barnard Hughes

Bernard Aloysius Kiernan "Barnard" Hughes (July 16, 1915 – July 11, 2006) was an American movie, television, and stage actor. Hughes became famous for having many random roles. He was known for being cast as a grandfather or elderly figure on television.

Hughes died in New York City, from natural causes. He was aged 90.


Mackenzie Foy

Mackenzie Christine Foy (born November 10, 2000) is an American model and actress. She is best known for her role as Renesmee Cullen, the daughter of Bella Swan and Edward Cullen, in "". Her role as Renesmee earned her a Young Artist Award for Best Supporting Young Actress in a Feature Film.

Mackenzie Foy was born in Los Angeles.

Jake T. Austin

Jake T. Austin (born Jake Austin Szymanski; December 3, 1994) is an American movie, television and voice actor. He is known for his roles as Max Russo on "Wizards of Waverly Place" and as Diego on "Go, Diego, Go!". He also appeared in "Hotel for Dogs" and "Rio". 

Austin was born Jake Austin Szymanski in New York City. He is of Puerto Rican, Argentine, Spanish, Polish, Irish, and English descent.


Communist Party of India

The Communist Party of India, abbreviated as CPI, is a political party in India. It was founded in the British era in 1925 at Kanpur. The Communist Party of India has officially stated that it was formed on 26 December 1925 at the first Party Conference in Kanpur, then "Cawnpore". S.V.Ghate was the first General Secretary of CPI. D. Raja is the current General Secretary of CPI.

Tomáš Plekanec

Tomáš Plekanec (born October 31, 1982) is a Czech professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for HC Kladno of the Czech Extraliga and Toronto Maple Leafs (NHL).

Plekanec was born in Kladno, Czechoslovakia.

Before playing the NHL, Plekanec played two seasons with HC Kladno of the Czech Extraliga. He was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens with the 71st overall pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. He played two seasons with their affiliate in the American Hockey League (AHL), Hamilton Bulldogs. He played two games and then stayed in Hamilton for a third AHL season because of the 2004–05 NHL lockout. Since the 2005-06 NHL season, he has been part of the Canadiens.

On June 22, 2010, he signed a contract to play with the Canadiens for six years. He will be paid CA$30 million. During the 2012–13 NHL lockout, he played for his former team HC Kladno.


Ray Frederick

Roman Raymond Frederick (July 31, 1929 - August 23, 2001) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. Frederick played a total of 5 games in the NHL with the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1954-55 NHL season.

He started his ice hockey career with the Fort Frances Canadians of the Northern Hockey League. He then played 2 seasons in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League where he played for the Brandon Wheat Kings. After his time with the Wheat Kings was done, he moved on to play in the Western Canada Senior Hockey League with the Edmonton Flyers for 2 seasons.

He then played 1 season with the Chicoutimi Sagueneens of the Quebec Senior Hockey League, 1 season with the Charlottetown Islanders of the Maritime Major Hockey League and 3 seasons with the Ottawa Senators of the Quebec Senior Hockey League. He played a seasons in the American Hockey League with the Buffalo Bisons and 5 games with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League. He retired from professional ice hockey in 1958.


North Indian Plain

The Gangetic Plains is the large space of level land that is made by the Ganges River in the northern parts of India and the border surrounding areas of the Himalayas. It is an important part of the countries of India, Nepal, and Bangladesh. Its space of about is the home of about 1 billion people (about one in every seven persons alive today).

Its western edge is the Thar Desert; its northern edge is the Himalaya Mountains, the highest mountains on Earth; its eastern edge is the Ganges Delta of Bangladesh, the largest River delta in the world; and its southern edge is made by the Vindhya Mountains and Satpura Range and Chota Nagpur Plateau of middle India.

The area has fertile land for agriculture, adequate water supply and favourable climate. It is known as a Cradle of civilization.

Road traffic safety

Tata Steel

Tata Steel Limited (formerly Tata Iron and Steel Company Limited or TISCO) is an Indian steel-making company. Their headquarters are in Mumbai. Tata is a subsidiary of the Tata Group. It was the 12th-largest steel-making company in the world in 2012. It can make about 23.8 million tonnes of crude steel each year. They are the largest steel company in India measured by domestic production.

Prince du sang

A prince du sang (prince of the blood) was a member of the extended French Royal Family. This meant that all people except females that were princes of the blood would be entitled to inherit the throne only if every male member of the immediate royal family had died. The main princes of the blood were known as the Prince of Conti and the Prince of Condé as well as the more significant Duke of Orléans. The prince of the blood was entitled to be styled Serene Highness () but it was used in writing only. A majority of the princes of the blood had their own apartments at the Palace of Versailles as well as their own townhouses in Paris




Edward Williams Clay

Edward Williams Clay (April 17, 1799 – December 31, 1857) was an American artist. He made a lot of different types of art. He made paintings and cartoons. He was also a printmaker.

Edward Williams Clay was born in the year 1799. He was born in the city of Philadelphia in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. His father was a sea captain. His name was Robert Clay. His mother was named Eliza Williams. Clay went to law school. He joined the Pennsylvania Bar Association. He became an engraver when he was in school. He didn't work as a lawyer very long. He decided to quit and become an artist for a living.

Clay went to Europe during the years 1825 until 1828. He studied art there. After he came back to America, he made a collection of drawings called "Life in Philadelphia". The drawings show racism against African American people who lived in Philadelphia. In the year 1831, he started making political cartoons. He made jokes about Andrew Jackson in a drawing called "The Rats Leave a Falling House". He moved to New York City in 1837. He made art for magazines and books, and also made drawings for sheet music.

He started to go blind and had to stop making art. He moved to Delaware and worked for the state government until he moved back to New York City in 1856. He became sick and died of tuberculosis in 1857. He is buried in Christ Church Burial Ground in Philadelphia. His artwork is owned by The Library Company of Philadelphia and the Library of Congress. 

Pennsylvania Bar Association

The Pennsylvania Bar Association is an American voluntary association of lawyers and people going to school for law. It is located in the state of Pennsylvania and is for people who work in that state. In the year 2013, 28,000 people were a part of the association.

Billy Unger

Billy Unger (born October 15, 1995) is an American actor. He is best known for his role of Chase Davenport on the sitcom "Lab Rats". Unger was born in southern Florida. When he was 11 years old, he moved to California for his acting career.

Hattie Caraway

Hattie Ophelia Wyatt Caraway (February 1, 1878 — December 21, 1950) was the first woman elected to serve a full term in the United States Senate. She was the Senator from Arkansas for just over thirteen years (December 1931 to January 1945).

Caraway had a stroke in 1950. She died later that year in Falls Church, Virginia due to this stroke.

Division of Paterson

The Division of Paterson is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It is just north of Newcastle, on the coast of the Tasman Sea. It includes the towns of Anna Bay, Bulahdelah. Clarence Town, Dungog, Forster, Hawks Nest, Lemon Tree Passage, Medowie, Morpeth, Nelson Bay, Paterson, Raymond Terrace, Stroud, Tuncurry and parts of Nabiac, Thornton and East Maitland. The division was first set up in 1949 and abolished in 1984. It was recreated after a redistribution in 1992.
The division is named after poet and author Banjo Paterson. It is possible that is was named after Colonel William Paterson who also gave his name to the Paterson River and the town of Paterson, both of which were in the electorate. It was first contested at the 1949 election.

In 1949 the division included Singleton, Maitland and Muswellbrook. Redistributions moved the electorate north until it included Gunnedah and Mudgee. The original electorate was abolished in 1984. In 1992 it was recreated covering a similar area to the original electorate.


Elaine S. Edwards

Elaine Schwartzenburg Edwards (March 8, 1929 – May 14, 2018) was a former United States Senator from Louisiana. She was a member of the Democratic Party. Edwards was the wife of Edwin Edwards, the former Governor of Louisiana. They were married from 1949 until they divorced in 1989. She was a Senator for three and a half months during 1972. Edwards was born in Marksville, Louisiana.

Edwards died on May 14, 2018 at her daughter's home in Denham Springs, Louisiana of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the age of 89.

Margaret Chase Smith

Margaret Chase Smith (14 December 1897 — 29 May 1995) was an American politician. She was a member of the House of Representatives from 1940 to 1949, and a United States Senator from 1949 to 1973. She was from the Republican Party. She was the first female to be in both houses of the United States Congress.

Chase was born in Maine. She died after a stroke at age 97.

Eva Bowring

Eva Kelly Bowring (January 9, 1892 — January 8, 1985) was a United States Senator from Nebraska. She was the first woman from Nebraska in the Senate. She was a Senator for seven months during 1954.

She was born in Missouri. She died the day before her 93rd birthday.

George Goodman

George Jerome Waldo Goodman (August 10, 1930 – January 3, 2014) was an American author and economics commentator. He was best known by his pen name Adam Smith. He also wrote fiction under his real name. 

Goodman died at the age of 83, at the University of Miami Hospital. He had suffered from the bone marrow disorder myelofibrosis.


Rey

Rey means "king" in Spanish and Occitan. It comes from the Latin word "rex". It is used as a name in many cultures.

It can also mean:


Peter O'Sullevan

Sir Peter John O'Sullevan (3 March 1918 – 29 July 2015) was an Irish retired horse racing commentator. He worked for the BBC, the Press Association, "Daily Express" and "Today". He was the BBC's leading horse-racing commentator from 1947 to 1997.

O'Sullevan was born in Kenmare, Ireland. He studied at Hawtreys, Charterhouse School, and later at Collège Alpin International Beau Soleil in Switzerland. O'Sullevan died of cancer in London, aged 97.


Rebecca Latimer Felton

Rebecca Ann Latimer Felton (10 June 1835 — 24 January 1930) was an American writer, lecturer and politician. She was in the United States Senate as a Democrat. She was from Georgia.

Latimer Felton was born in the Atlanta area. She died in the city of Atlanta, aged 94.

Oswald of Northumbria

Oswald (–642) was a King of Northumbria and the first Christian monarch of that kingdom. Oswald brought St. Aidan from Iona to start a monastery on the island of Lindisfarne. Oswald was also venerated as a saint.

Oswald was born , the son of King Athelfrith of Bernicia and his second wife Acha of Deira. At age twelve his father was killed in battle by Edwin who became King of Northumbria. Along with his brothers Eanfrith and Oswiu and their sister Aebbe, he found safety with the Scots in Dál Riata. The monks of Iona baptized the children and raised them in the Celtic Christian faith. For all of Edwin's reign Oswald remained in Exile. Cadwallon ap Cadfan, the Christian king of Gwynedd, along with the pagan Penda of Mercia, attacked Northumbria in 632. In 633 the two invading armies met Edwin at the Battle of Hatfield Chase. Edwin was killed and his army was destroyed. For the next year Cadwallon destroyed everything he could in Northumbria. At the same time Oswald was gathering a small army among the Scots and Picts.
He attacked Cadwallon's larger army at a place called "Hefenfelth" ("heavenly field"). Cadwallon was killed and his army defeated.

Oswald claimed the crowns of both Bernicia and Deira. By doing this he reunited Northumbria to a single kingdom. Oswald was the first king of Northumbria to come to the throne already a Christian. As one of his first acts Oswald set up what would become the holy island of . He asked for a bishop to come to Northumbria to convert his people to the Christian faith. They sent Bishop Aidan. Aidan built a monastery and created a Christian colony on the island of Lindisfarne off the coast of Bamburgh. Oswald, at least at first, had to translate for Aidan who did not speak English fluently. Oswald was considered a "" by Bede, the fourth such overlord over the other Anglo-Saxon kings. In 635, Oswald married Cyneburh, the daughter of King Cynegils of Wessex. Oswald also became the godfather of Cynegils when he was baptized . Oswald created several similar alliances in an effort to contain Penda of Mercia. About 638 he won a battle against Owen Map Bili, the king of Strathclyde near Edinburgh. In 640 Oswald tried to recover Lindsey from Penda. The two armies met again in 642 at the Battle of Maserfield (probably in Shropshire). Oswald was killed in the battle. For a year after the battle his head and hands were fastened to stakes. His brother Oswiu finally recovered Oswald's relics. Oswiu succeeded Oswald as king of Northumbria.

Oswald married Cyneburh of Wessex. Their son, "the only son he possessed on earth", was: 



Don't Turn Around

"Don't Turn Around" is a popular song. It was first sung by Tina Turner in 1986. It was not until 1988, though, when singers Bonnie Tyler and Luther Ingram made their own versions of the song, that it got really popular. The most famous version of the song was by Ace of Base in 1994.

All That She Wants

"All That She Wants" is a hit single from Swedish pop group Ace of Base. It was released in 1992. The song hit #2 in the United States. It was also at the top of the charts in Germany, Australia, United Kingdom and Denmark. The song was very popular in 1993.

The longest version was 7 minutes and 58 seconds long.

The Sign

"The Sign" is a hit song performed by Ace of Base. It was released as a single on 29 October 1993 in Europe. The song hit #2 on the UK Singles Chart. It spent six weeks near #1 in the United States.

A cover version of this song was played on the television series "Full House".

Another version of this song lasts six minutes and 49 seconds.

The Woodlands (Philadelphia)

The Woodlands is a National Historic Landmark in the city of Philadelphia in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. The Schuylkill River goes past The Woodlands. It has a mansion, a building to put a carriage inside (called a "carriage house"), and a garden that became a cemetery in the year 1840. Over 30,000 people are buried in the cemetery. 

Schuylkill River

The Schuylkill River is a river in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. It is long. It used to be called ""Tool-pay Hanna"" by the Lenape.

Pennsylvania Prison Society

The Pennsylvania Prison Society is a non-profit organization. It in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States. It helps prisoners and their families. It also helps prisoners after they are out of prison. 

It was started in 1787. It used to be called the Philadelphia Society for Alleviating the Miseries of Public Prisons. It was founded by a group of men from Philadelphia. The group of men included Benjamin Franklin, Benjamin Rush, John Swanwick, Tench Coxe, Zachariah Poulson, and William White. William White was the president for a long time.

It now has many small organizations, called "chapters", around Pennsylvania. It has 43 chapters. 

Irene Papas

Irene Papas (; 3 September 1929 – 14 September 2022) was a Greek musician and actress. She played the title character in the 1962 movie "Elektra". She also had lots of other movies. She was born in Chiliomodi, Greece. She retired from acting in 2003.

Her birthyear is sometimes confused as 1926, however, in an interview, Papas said she was born in 1929.

Papas had a long love affair with American actor Marlon Brando.

In 2013, it was revealed that Papas had Alzheimer's disease. She died on 14 September 2022 in Chiliomodi at the age of 93.

(Shake, Shake, Shake) Shake Your Booty

"(Shake, Shake, Shake) Shake Your Booty" is a 1976 hit song from KC and the Sunshine Band. The song was #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and on the soul singles chart.

The lyrics caused controversy due to their sexual nature.

Warren Skorodenski

Warren Skorodenski (born March 22, 1960 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. Frederick played a total of 35 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Chicago Black Hawks and Edmonton Oilers.

He played for the New Brunswick Hawks, the AHL affiliate of the Black Hawks. During that time, he was able to win the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Award for being the goalie with the lowest goals against average and shared the award with his teammate Bob Janecyk. He was called up by the Black Hawks during the 1981-82 NHL season. He played 1 game and was sent back down to the AHL where he played 4 seasons and 1 season in the CHL with the Birmingham South Stars. During the 1984-85 NHL season, he was called up and played as Murray Bannerman backup. He recorded the league's highest save percentage, at 0.903. In 1987, he signed a contract with the Edmonton Oilers and played 3 games with them. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1990.

Mower Hospital

Mower Hospital was a military hospital in a neighborhood named Chestnut Hill, which is in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1862 for soldiers who were in the American Civil War. It was run by the United States Army.

Architect John McArthur, Jr. designed the hospital. It was near the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad so hurt soldiers could be brought to the hospital fast. It was open from January 1863 until May 1865. 

It had room for 40,000 patients. It was shaped so that people would not get sicker or get an infection from other sick and injured people. It had many things for the people who worked there, and for the injured soldiers. People could go to a barber shop and go grocery shopping. It had lights powered with gas and fresh water. 

The hospital does not exist anymore.

Alicia Rhett

Alicia Rhett (February 1, 1915 – January 3, 2014) was an American painter and actress. She appeared in several movies, but was more known for painting portraits. She played India Wilkes in "Gone with the Wind".

She was born in Savannah, Georgia. She died at age 98 in Charleston, South Carolina.


Merchants' Exchange Building (Philadelphia)

The Merchants' Exchange Building is a building in the city of Philadelphia which is in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. It is in a historical neighborhood called Old City. Architect William Strickland designed the building. It was built starting in the year 1832 and was done in 1834. The Merchants' Exchange Building was the first office building in the city. It used to be a brokerage house. In 1875, the Philadelphia Stock Exchange moved into the building. 

In the year 2001 it became a National Historic Landmark.

Saul Zaentz

Saul Zaentz ( (February 28, 1921 – January 3, 2014) was an American movie producer. He also owned a record company. He won the Academy Award for Best Picture three times. In 1996, he was awarded the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award.

Zaentz died in San Francisco, California. He was suffering from Alzheimer's disease. He was 92 years old.


Proxy war

A proxy war, or proxy warfare, is a war in which opposite sides use third parties as substitutes for fighting each other directly. States sometimes use less powerful states as proxies but more often use violent non-state actors, mercenaries, and other third parties, such as during a civil war. They may give their proxies money, weapons, training, or other help. The hope is to strike an opponent without a full-scale war, especially one that could involve the nuclear bomb.

The United States and the Soviet Union used many proxies to fight each other during the Cold War. Both sides tried to increase their influence and to decrease the other's influence. In 2023, the Red Sea Crisis began; a proxy war between the United States and Iran.

Wim Kok

Willem "Wim" Kok (September 29, 1938 – October 20, 2018) was a politician and former trade unionist from the Netherlands. He represented the Labour Party (PvdA). He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from August 22, 1994 until July 22, 2002.

Kok was born in Bergambacht in South Holland.

Kok died on October 20, 2018 in Amsterdam from heart failure at the age of 80.


Josip Manolić

Josip Manolić (born 22 March 1920) is a Croatian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Croatia from 24 August 1990 to 17 July 1991.

George H. W. Bush vomiting incident

The George H. W. Bush vomiting incident was an incident that occurred on January 8, 1992 at around 8:20 p.m. JST when U.S. President George H. W. Bush fainted after vomiting at a banquet hosted by the then Prime Minister of Japan, Kiichi Miyazawa. Bush vomited on Miyazawa's lap. Bush later made comments to the press that he had a 24 hour flu bug. The incident was widely reported, After the event, many comedians made fun of Bush because of the incident.

Harry Whittington

Harry Milner Whittington (born March 3, 1927 – February 4, 2023) was an American lawyer and real estate investor. He became famous in the media on February 11, 2006, when he was accidentally shot by Vice President Dick Cheney. Cheney was hunting quail with two women on a ranch in Kenedy County, Texas, near Corpus Christi. He died on February 4, 2023 aged 95.


Dick Cheney hunting incident

The Dick Cheney hunting incident happened on February 11, 2006, when then U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney shot Harry Whittington, a 78-year-old Texas attorney, while participating in a quail hunt on a ranch in Kenedy County, Texas. Both Cheney and Whittington called the incident an accident.

On February 14, 2006, Whittington suffered a non-fatal heart attack and atrial fibrillation due to at least one lead-shot pellet lodged in or near his heart. Cheney did not speak publicly about the incident until February 15 in an interview with Fox News. Early reports indicated that Cheney and Whittington were friends and that the injuries were minor. Whittington has since told the "Washington Post" that he and Cheney were not close friends but acquaintances and has not said if Cheney apologized.

Kiichi Miyazawa

Miyazawa died in Tokyo at the age of 87.

Mercedes Sosa

Haydée Mercedes Sosa (9 July 1935 – 4 October 2009) was an Argentine singer. She was popular throughout Latin America and many countries outside the continent. Sosa became one of the important examples of nueva canción. She gave voice to songs written by both Brazilians and Cubans. She was best known as the "voice of the voiceless ones".

Sosa suffered from breathing problems in later years. Sosa went into hospital in Buenos Aires on September 18, 2009. She died from multiple organ failure on October 4, 2009. She was aged 74.


Walk the Line

Walk the Line is an American biographical drama movie based on the life of country singer Johnny Cash. It stars Joaquin Phoenix, Reese Witherspoon, Ginnifer Goodwin and Robert Patrick. It was released on November 18, 2005. It got positive reviews from critics.

Ginnifer Goodwin

Jennifer Michelle Goodwin (or Ginnifer Goodwin; born May 22, 1978) is an American actress. She played Margene Heffman in the television series "Big Love". She also appeared on movies, including "Mona Lisa Smile", "Something Borrowed", "Walk the Line", "He's Just Not That Into You" and "Zootopia".


Robert Patrick

Robert Patrick (born Robert Patrick Hammond Jr.; November 5, 1958) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Die Hard 2", "", "Spy Kids", "Walk the Line", "Wayne's World", and in "Identity Thief". He won a Saturn Award in 2000 for his role in "The Sopranos".

Patrick was born in Marietta, Georgia.


John Fogerty

John Cameron Fogerty (born May 28, 1945) is an American musician, songwriter and guitarist. He is best known for his time with the roots rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival (CCR), as well as his time as a solo musician.

Fogerty was born in Berkeley, California. The first band he was a part of was called The Golliwogs. He started this band with his brother Tom Fogerty, and Doug Clifford and Stu Cook.

In 1966, Fogerty served a United States Army Reserve unit at Fort Bragg, Fort Knox, and Fort Lee. In July 1967, he was discharged. At that time the band changed its name to Creedence Clearwater Revival. The band broke up in 1972. Since then, Fogerty has had a successful solo career.

He is currently married to Julie Kramer. They have one daughter from Kramer's previous marriage, two sons and a daughter.


Kola Superdeep Borehole

The Kola Superdeep Borehole (, "Kolskaya sverkhglubokaya skvazhina") was a very deep hole dug on the Kola Peninsula in Russia during 1970-1992 and closed by 2008. It was dug in order to learn more about the inside of the Earth. Digging started on May 24, 1970. The work continued until 1992, or 1994. The borehole was kept open until 2005. SG-3, the deepest part of the hole, reached below the surface in 1989. That is the deepest hole ever made and is still the deepest man-made point on Earth.

For a long time, SG-3 was also the longest hole by distance from its opening. In 2008, the Al Shaheen BD-04A oil well in Qatar reached + farther and, in 2011, the Odoptu OP-11 oil well off Sakhalin got + farther.

The hole was made with different machines at different times. The Soviets started making the hole with the Uralmash-4E. Later, they used the Uralmash-15000. At first, they wanted to get to below the surface. The machines broke the earlier record for the deepest hole on June 6, 1979. The prior record had been held by the Bertha Rogers hole in Washita County, Oklahoma, in the United States. The machines got to below the surface in 1983. Then the Soviet Union celebrated (took special note of) this for about a year without going any deeper. On September 27, 1984, the machine broke at a depth of ; its drill string twisted off and was left in the hole. When the Soviets started to make the hole again, they had to start from .

The greatest depth was reached in 1989. The people making the hole thought that they would get to by the end of 1990 and, at last, get to 15,000 m by 1993. They were not able to go any deeper, though, because they had made an error, and the end of the hole was in place of the they had hoped for. Their machines stopped making any holes at all in 1992. The last studies were stopped in 2005 and the place was completely closed and left alone in 2008.

The Kola hole got about ⅓ of the way through the Baltic Shield, the part of the Earth's crust (its outer level of rock) below the Kola Peninsula. (People who study the Earth think it's about deep at the place where the hole was made.) The rocks at the bottom of the deepest hole were more than 2½ billion years old.

The people who made the hole said they wanted to learn about the different levels of the Baltic Shield, how sound and heat move under the ground, or what kinds of rocks make up the deep crust, and to create new skills and tools for going deep into the Earth. One of the most important things they found was they had made an error about the kinds of rocks underground. When they looked at how sound waves moved through the Earth, they thought there should be a change from granite to basalt rocks at about below the surface. In fact, the sound waves had changed because the heat and pressure made the granite act differently. Also, this special kind of granite was broken into pieces and full of water. The water did not come from above but had been trapped in the deep crust by solid rock. Another important discovery was that the mud from the deep hole was "boiling" with hydrogen gas.




Oliver Glasner

Oliver Glasner (born 28 August 1974) is an Austrian retired football player. He is now assistant coach of FC Red Bull Salzburg.

Glasner started with SV Riedau, then went on to SV Ried. There he played from 1992 until 2011. In the 2003/04 season, he played for LASK Linz on loan. For SV Ried he played 516 matches and scored 27 goals. He played for Ried in an international match in 2011. He then had to have surgery on his brain, which ended his career.

In 2012 he came to FC Red Bull Salzburg and worked in the managing staff. After the replacement of Ricardo Moniz he became assistance coach to Roger Schmidt.


On Denoting

"On Denoting" is an essay by Bertrand Russell from 1905. The essay was published in the philosophy journal "Mind" in 1905. It was reprinted, in both a special 2005 anniversary issue of the same journal and in Russell's "Logic and Knowledge", 1956. The essay is one of the most significant and influential philosophical essays of the 20th century. In it, Russell introduces definite and indefinite descriptions, formulates descriptivism with regard to proper names, and characterises proper names as "disguised" or "abbreviated" definite descriptions.

In the 1920s, Frank P. Ramsey referred to the essay as "that paradigm of philosophy". In the "Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy" entry "Descriptions", Peter Ludlow singled the essay out as ""the" paradigm of philosophy", and called it a work of "tremendous insight"; provoking discussion and debate among philosophers of language and linguists for over a century.

The Chumscrubber

The Chumscrubber is a 2005 movie. It got mostly bad reviews from movie critics. The main character, Dean Stiffle, was played by Jamie Bell. In the movie Dean's best friend Troy commits suicide.

Mutya Buena

Rosa Isabel Mutya Buena (born 21 May 1985) is an English singer and songwriter. She is best known for being a member of the Sugababes.
Buena was born in Kingsbury, London to a Filipino father and Irish mother. 

Buena became famous as a member of girl group Sugababes in 2000. The band released three studio albums with Buena as a member. She left the band in 2005. In 2007 Buena released an album on her own called "Real Girl". It reached number ten in the UK Albums Chart. Five songs from the album were released as singles. The album's first single, "Real Girl", reached number two in the UK Singles Chart. "Song 4 Mutya" was released as the second single. In 2008 the record label that released the album dropped Buena because the album did not sell as many copies as they hoped. On 2 January 2009, Buena entered Celebrity Big Brother 6 as a housemate. On 16 January 2009 Buena chose to leave the Big Brother House. In 2010 Buena said that she did not want to be a musician anymore and that she was training to become a child psychologist. In 2011 Buena started a new band called Mutya Keisha Siobhan with Keisha Buchanan and Siobhán Donaghy. They released their first single "Flatline" in 2013.

In March 2005 Buena gave birth to a daughter called Tahlia.


Siobhán Donaghy

Siobhán Emma Donaghy (born 14 June 1984) is an English singer. She was born in London.

In 1998 Donaghy started Sugababes with Mutya Buena and Keisha Buchanan. Their first album "One Touch" was released by London Records in 2000. In 2001 Donaghy left the group.

In May 2003 Donaghy released the single "Nothing but Song" under Shanghai Nobody, an anagram of her name. In 2003 she released her first album on her own, "Revolution in Me" as Siobhán Donaghy. Her second album "Ghosts" was released in 2007. It got good reviews from music critics.

In 2011 the Sugababes started again with the name Mutya Keisha Siobhan. In 2013 Sugababes said that they had broken up. They released their first single, "Flatline", in 2013. It reached number 50 in the UK Singles Chart. Their first album is thought to be planned for release in early 2014.

The Lorax (movie)

Dr. Seuss' The Lorax is a 2012 American animated movie based on Dr. Seuss' book of the same name. It stars Danny DeVito, Ed Helms, Zac Efron, Taylor Swift, Betty White, Rob Riggle and Jenny Slate. It was released on July 6, 2012. The movie received mixed reviews. It has songs like Let it Grow and How Bad Can I Be.

The story begins when a boy named Ted Wiggins appears, and ends when a Once-ler reunites with a Lorax.

Geraldine James

Geraldine James (born 6 July 1950) is an English actress. She has acted in television series, such as "She's Been Away". She played Portia in a Broadway production of "The Merchant of Venice" in 1989. More recently, she acted in the movie "Diana" in 2013.

James was born in Berkshire, England.

Look Who's Talking Too

Look Who's Talking Too is a comedy and drama movie. It was released December 14, 1990 in the United States. The movie is about childbirth and a couple wanting to be an average family. Kirstie Alley plays Mollie, Roseanne Barr voices Julie, John Travolta plays James and Bruce Willis voices Mikey. The movie received very negative reviews. Its overall box office, however, was moderately strong.


Division of Reid

The Division of Reid is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It is named after the Right Honourable Sir George Reid, a former Premier of New South Wales and the fourth Prime Minister of Australia. Ot was set up in 1922.

The division is in the inner-western suburbs of Sydney. It includes Abbotsford, Breakfast Point, Cabarita, Canada Bay, Chiswick, Concord, Concord West, Drummoyne, Five Dock, Homebush, Homebush West, Liberty Grove, Lidcombe, Mortlake, Newington, North Strathfield, Rhodes, Rodd Point, Russell Lea, Silverwater, Sydney Olympic Park, Wareemba, and Wentworth Point; and includes parts of Auburn, Berala, Burwood, Croydon, and Strathfield.

In 2009 the Australian Electoral Commission proposed that the division be abolished. The name "Reid" was kept for a division which included most of the old Division of Lowe, with part of the old Division of Reid.

Members for the division have included Jack Lang, a former Premier of New South Wales; Tom Uren, a minister in Whitlam and Hawke governments; and Laurie Ferguson, the son of Jack Ferguson who was a Deputy Premier of New South Wales, and the brother of Martin Ferguson, a former President of the Australian Council of Trade Unions and a minister in the Rudd and Gillard governments.


Benton County, Indiana

Benton County is a county in Indiana. Its county seat is Fowler. About 93% of the land in the county is used for growing crops, mainly corn and soybeans.

There are no cities in this county. The largest town, Fowler, in 2020 had a population of 2,337.


There are three large wind farms in the county:

Twink Caplan

Twink Caplan (born 25 December 1947) is an American actress. She played Rona in the first two "Look Who's Talking" movies. She also played Miss Geist in the 1995 movie "Clueless".

The actress was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Fowler, Indiana

Fowler is a town in Benton County, Indiana, Indiana, in the United States.

Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure

Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure (or just Alpha and Omega 2) is a 2013 American computer-animated action comedy movie. It was co-produced and directed by Richard Rich. It is the sequel to the 2010 animated movie "Alpha and Omega". The first announcement for the movie was in September 2012, when it was announced for a worldwide theatrical release. However, the movie faced a lot of scandals and delays during its production and was released straight-to-DVD instead on October 8, 2013 with a Christmas theme. "Alpha and Omega 3: The Great Wolf Games" was released on iTunes on March 4, 2014. It was released as a Walmart exclusive on March 25, 2014.

Kate and Humphrey are eager to spend the upcoming winter with their three pups, Stinky, Claudette and Runt, as it will be the first that they've spent together as a family.

While out travelling with his siblings, Runt, the only Omega offspring of Kate and Humphrey, climbs a tree and spots 3 rogue wolves in the area. After 2 of the rogue wolves save Stinky and Claudette from a grizzly, Runt suddenly disappears. Stinky and Claudette then inform Kate and Humphrey, including their relatives as they were about to have a family dinner, about Runt's disappearance. The family hurries to find Runt, and Kate sees that the rogue wolves have captured Runt and are heading to Banff National Park, home to the rogue wolf pack and south of Jasper. After being warned by Tony and Winston about how dangerous the rogues are, Kate and Humphrey still go on to find their lost pup, much to their disappointment. Meanwhile, at Banff, Runt is taken to the rogues’ leader, King. He is then made as a bait, as King expects the western pack to come for Runt. Princess, King's daughter, is appointed to care for Runt and to keep the bait alive. As night falls, a storm approaches, prompting Kate and Humphrey to stop the search and wait for the storm to subside the next day. Meanwhile, at the den, Stinky and Claudette sneak out to help their parents search for Runt while everyone is asleep.

The next day, Kate and Humphrey meet Marcel and Paddy. After following what their parents did before to cross the river, Stinky and Claudette find them and go with their parents to help in the search. On the way, they meet a lost grizzly cub who was separated from his mother. At first, Humphrey refuses because of his experience with a bear cub before. He then decides to let the bear go with them. A mile away from Banff, Kate and Humphrey leave Paddy to guard the children while they and Marcel retrieve Runt. Despite this, the children manage to convince Paddy to go. While on Banff, their family also arrives and Humphrey is made to distract the rogues by acting as a gigantic "special-class alpha" named Lockjaw while Kate retrieves Runt. After finding out that it is but a trick, King orders the Alpha rogues to kill them. Winston then orders Kate and Humphrey to take the cubs to the north side in the human roads and they will rendezvous there. Fortunately, the bear cub's family arrives and helps them defeat the rogues after the cub explained how the wolves helped him. As the snow covers the lands, Humphrey and his family are lost. Runt climbs a tree and sees the human roads about ten miles away at the foot of the mountain. They then logboard their way down.

Upon reaching the same gas station and seeing Max, the same hunter they encountered before, Humphrey hesitates. They go in anyway and the man sees them. Once seeing Kate and Humphrey have pups (and him having a family of his own), Max decides to be nice this time. So, he gives them free food and leaves the door open, much to their surprise. The film ends with Kate and Humphrey deciding to settle there for the winter as they all go to sleep.

"Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure" received generally mixed reviews by critics, who praised the film for its improvement on the script, humor, dialogue, story and voice acting, but they also criticized the film's animation quality, short run time and rushed ending. So far, the film has a 55% in Rotten Tomatoes and a 50 out of 100 in Metacritic, indicating "mixed to average reviews". The consensus for the movie in Rotten Tomatoes is "While it suffers from sub-par animation and a rushed plot, "Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure" delivers enough good thrills and improvements to keep fans and audiences entertained". Just like the first movie, "Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure" was very successful with fans, who gave the film extremely positive reviews, despite the mixed critical reaction and gaining a 81% rating in the RT community. The movie also gained a cult following.


The two other sequels of "Alpha and Omega" are currently in production. "" was set to have direct-to-DVD release on March 25, 2014 as a Walmart exclusive. The plot will follow around The Great Wolf Games, which are happening in Jasper when Kate, Humphrey and the puppies arrive home. In the games, all the pups from different packs come together and compete in different games. But, something goes wrong, leaving most of the Alphas out of commission. So, it's up to Humphrey to lead the new team to victory. "" will be released in October 31 2014, along with "Alpha and Omega 5: Family Vacation" to be released in Spring 2015.

Blackford County, Indiana

Blackford County is a county in Indiana. Its county seat is Hartford City.



Boone County, Indiana

Boone County is a county in Indiana. Its county seat is Lebanon.



Alex Cross

Alex Cross is an American crime thriller movie. It was released in October 2012. It is about a police detective and psychologist who lives in Detroit with his family. He would like to leave Detroit for Washington, D.C.. But when his wife is killed, Alex goes looking for evidence against the killer.

Tyler Perry plays the title character. Cross was previously played by Morgan Freeman in "Kiss the Girls" and "Along Came a Spider".

The movie critics did not give good reviews for "Alex Cross". The movie did not do well at the box office.

Cicely Tyson

Cicely Louise Tyson (December 19, 1924 – January 28, 2021) was an American actress. She played Sipsey in the comedic-drama movie "Fried Green Tomatoes" (1991), and played Mamma Kay in the movie "The Haunting in Georgia" (2013). She also played Carrie Grace Battle in the television series "Sweet Justice".

Tyson was born in New York City. She died on January 28, 2021 in New York City at the age of 96.

Suchitra Sen

Suchitra Sen (6 April 1931 – 17 January 2014) was an Indian actress. She appeared in over 100 Bangladeshi movies. She was best known for her roles in "Deep Jwele Jaai" and "Aandhi".

Sen was born near Pabna, Benagal. She was awarded the Padma Shri in 1972. Sen died on January 17, 2014 from a heart attack. She was aged 82. She had been admitted due to an infection.


Nicanor Parra

Nicanor Parra Sandoval (5 September 1914 – 23 January 2018) was a Chilean poet, mathematician and physicist. He was considered to be an influential poet in Latin America and one of the most important poets of Spanish literature. Parra had been nominated several times for a Nobel Prize in Literature.

Parra died on January 23, 2018, at 7:00 am, in La Reina, Chile, at the age of 103.


Fouad Ajami

Fouad A. Ajami (; September 18, 1945 – June 22, 2014) was an Lebanese-born American professor and writer. He was a senior fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution.

He was born in Arnoun, Lebanon. Ajami was an outspoken supporter of the Iraq War. He has also appeared on CNN multiple times.

Ajami died from prostate cancer in Maine, aged 68.


F. Murray Abraham

F. Murray Abraham (born October 24, 1939) is an American actor. He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Antonio Salieri in "Amadeus" (1984). He is also known for his roles on "The Name of the Rose" (1986), "Finding Forrester" (2000), "Inside Llewyn Davis" (2013), "All the President's Men" (1976) and "Scarface" (1983).


Carat (mass)

The carat is a unit of mass, which is used for gemstones and pearls. One Carat is equal to 0.2g. The current definition was adopted in 1907 at the Fourth General Conference on Weights and Measures. Officially, the carat can be divided into 100 "points"of 2 milligrams each.

Carat (purity)

The carat is a unit of measurement for gold alloys. In that context, one carat gold means that the twenty-fourth part of an alloy is gold, the other parts are made of other metals, generally silver or copper. Pure gold would be soft, which makes it unusable for many purposes. Alloyed gold is harder than pure gold and so more suitable for applications such as jewellery. An alloy that has 24 carat actually contains 99.9 percent gold, 18 carat gold contains 75 percent gold . Sometimes, a scale up to 1000 is used; as an example, gold 585 mean there is 58.5 percent gold in the alloy. This means that "Gold 585" actually contains 14 carat.

Grudge Match

Grudge Match is a sports movie. It was released in December 2013. The movie is about major boxing fights. The fights happen after one of the participants is fired from the local shipyard. Robert De Niro plays Billy "The Kid" McDonnen, Sylvester Stallone plays Henry Sharp and Kim Basinger plays Sally.

The critics did not give good reviews for "Grudge Match". Overall box office was not good.

The Hunger Games (movie)

The Hunger Games is an adventure, drama, and science fiction movie. It is based on "The Hunger Games", the first book in the "Hunger Games" trilogy by Suzanne Collins. The movie was directed by Gary Ross. It was released on March 12, 2012 in Los Angeles. In other places it was released on March 23, 2012.

The movie is set in the future in North America. It is about twenty-four teenagers fighting each other in the "Hunger Games". They fight until there is only one person left alive. It shows survival of the fittest in extreme conditions. The games are broadcast live on television in the whole country of Panem.

The movie is 142 minutes long. It is rated PG-13.

the hunger games "ballad of songbirds and snakes" will be released on November 13 2023 in cinemas and serves as a prequel to the hunger games

The reviews of the movie were mostly positive. Its box office performance was very good.

The Hunger Games is a 2012 sci-fi adventure movie directed by Gary Ross made from Suzanne Collins’s book The Hunger Games. It is the first movie of many in the series. The story takes place in a distant future in the nation of Panem. Where a boy and girl is selected from each of the 12 districts to be in The Hunger Games. Katniss Everdeen (Jennifer Lawrence) [2] volunteers to take her younger sister Primrose Everdeen. Katniss competes in The Hunger Games with another tribute from her district Peeta Mallark (Josh Hutcherson).

Katniss and her family live in , a coal-mining district and the poorest and the least amount of people among the districts. Katniss volunteers to take her sister’s place in The Hunger Games. Katniss competes in The Hunger Games with Peeta Mallark [3]. Katniss uses her knowledge about hunting to win with her fellow tribute Peeta. This character from the Hunger Games is played by Jennifer Lawrence.

Peeta is a tribute from District 12 in the 74th hunger games. He fights in the Hunger Games with Katniss the female tribute. The two both win the Hunger Games by actively rebelling against the rules. Making a rebellion in Panem the nation they live in. This character from the Hunger Games is played by Josh Hutcherson.

Gale Hawthrone is a resident in District 12. He was close to Katniss due to their love of hunting. He has similar features to Katniss. He is a minor character in the first movie but has a bigger role later on. He loved Katniss in the first movie but had to hide his love as Peeta and Katniss had to play as "star-crossed lovers" deeply upsetting him.


Katniss volunteers to enter the deadly hunger games when her sister is selected from the reaping. She is the first volunteer from district 12 and travels to the Capital to prepare herself. Along with her stylist Cenna, her mentor Haymitch and friend Effie, Katniss instantly becomes the darling of the capital as she acts out a love story with fellow district 12 member Peeta. Peeta doesn't see the love as an act though and really does believe Katniss might love him. Back at home, Katniss' best friend Gale has to fight jealousy as he watches Peeta and Katniss grow closer as a couple. 
Katniss makes a friend in the arena called Rue but a dangerous plan ends with her dead. Katniss sets out to find Peeta once it is announced that two victors from the same district can go home only to to find him seriously wounded. Katniss enters all sorts of dangerous situations to nurse him back to life and begins to find she has real feelings for him but not everyone sees her rebellious actions one of love. Will she ever be able to escape President Snow's threats?

Kaya Scodelario

Kaya Rose Scodelario (born Kaya Rose Humphrey; born 13 March 1992) is an English actress and former model. She plays Teresa in "The Maze Runner" in 2014. She also played Peshet in the 2010 movie "Clash of the Titans".

Scodelario was born in London. She changed her surname to that of her Brazilian mother.

Laurel Hill Cemetery

Laurel Hill Cemetery is a cemetery in the city of Philadelphia in Pennsylvania. It is a National Historic Landmark of the National Park Service. It is near the Schuylkill River. It is 3.5 miles north of Philadelphia.

A group of wealthy people from Philadelphia wanted a cemetery outside the city. They found a place for it in Laurel Hill. It used to be owned by a businessman named Joseph Sims. Building of the cemetery started in 1836. It was finished in 1839. The Scottish architect John Notman designed the cemetery. It was his first commission. There is a chapel. It is made in the Gothic architecture style.

Louis Antoine Godey, Sarah Josepha Hale, George G. Meade, John C. Pemberton, and many other famous people, are buried there.


Zoey Deutch

Zoey Francis Thompson Deutch (born November 10, 1994) is an American actress. She plays Rose Hathaway in the 2014 movie "". She also played Juliet Martin in the television show "Ringer". She recently appeared as Stephanie Fleming in "Why Him?" (2016). She also appeared in the Justin Bieber single "Anyone".

Deutch was born in Leuna, California. She is the daughter of Lea MonCherry.

Great Central Fair

The Great Central Fair was a fair that happened in June 1864. It took place in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was held to raise funds for the United States Sanitary Commission. 

The Great Central Fair took place from June 7 until June 28, 1864. It happened in a park called Logan Circle in Philadelphia. Other sanitary fairs took place in Chicago, Cincinnati, and New York City. The people in Philadelphia thought they should do one to raise money for the United States Sanitary Commission.

Two architects named Samuel Honeyman Kneass and William Stickland designed the buildings for the fair. The biggest building was 200,000 square feet in size. Inside, visitors could visit different theme areas. The areas included information about New Jersey, Delaware, sewing, corn, weapons, art and children. There was also a restaurant. 

Abraham Lincoln visited the fair on June 16. He donated 48 copies of his Emancipation Proclamation. They were sold for $10 each. He autographed all of them. The festival raised over $1 million.

Dawson Creek

Dawson Creek is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Dawson Creek is in the northeastern part of British Columbia.

The population of Dawson Creek was 11,583 in 2011. The city is named after a creek that runs through. The creek itself is named after George Mercer Dawson by his land survey team when they passed through the area in August 1879.


Daajing Giids

Daajing Giids (known as Queen Charlotte City from 1891 until 2022) is a village in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is located in the south end of Graham Island in the Haida Gwaii group of islands. It is on Skidegate Inlet.

The population of Daajing Giids was 944 in 2011. The town was first established 1908 when the first sawmill in the islands began operating. The villagers worked to help supply Allied war planes with lumber during World War II. Within the year, three general stores, a drug and clothing store, two hotels, a pool hall, a boarding house, a barbershop and the local newspaper started operating in the village. The town gained a stable economy from the quick growth in the timber industry during the Great Depression.

On May 16, 2022, the village Council had a vote and they decided to change the name of the village Queen Charlotte to the ancestral name of Daajing Giids. It became the first place in British Columbia to change its name back to the ancestral name.


Bob Vila

Robert Joseph Vila (also Bob Vila; born 20 June 1946) is an American home improvement television host. He hosted "This Old House" (1979-89), "Bob Vila's Home Again" (1990 to 2005) and "Bob Vila" (2005 to 2007). Vila has written ten books.

Vila was born in Miami, Florida.

Paz Vega

Paz Vega (also Paz Campos Trigo; born January 2, 1976) is a Spanish actress. In the 2009 movie "Triage", she played Elena. In the 2004 movie "Spanglish" she played Flor Moreno.

Paz Vega was born in Seville, Andalusia.

Janick Gers

Janick Robert Gers (born 27 January 1957 in Hartlepool, England) is an English guitarist. He currently plays for the heavy metal band Iron Maiden where he is one of three guitarist along with Dave Murray and Adrian Smith.

He uses the Fender Stratocaster and the Marshall JMP-1 preamp through a Marshall 9200 power amp.

He first started playing for the New Wave of British Heavy Metal band White Spirit. He then joined the band Gillan which was formed by Deep Purple singer Ian Gillan. When Gillan broke up, Gers joined Gogmagog in 1985. During the recording of the song "Bring Your Daughter... to the Slaughter", he was asked to join Iron Maiden in place of Adrian Smith. Since then, he has remained with the band even when Smith rejoined the band in 1999.

Rachel Blanchard

Rachel Elise Blanchard (born March 19, 1976) is a Canadian actress. She played Hannah in the 2001 movie "Sugar & Spice". She also played Maureen in the 2005 erotic movie "Where the Truth Lies".

Blanchard was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Emmanuelle Vaugier

Emmanuelle Vaugier (born 23 June 1976) is a Canadian actress, musician and fashion model. She played Detective Jessica Angell on "". She also played Mia on "Two and a Half Men". She has also been in some movies.

The actress was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Kate Mara

Kate Mara (born February 27, 1983) is an American actress. She played Alma Del Mar Jr. in the movie "Brokeback Mountain". She also played Jessica Chandler for "Random Hearts" in 1999. She has also performed on stage. In 2017, she starred as Mary Jo Kopechne in "Chappaquiddick". She played Zoe Barnes on "House of Cards".

Mara was born in Bedford, New York.

Hop

Hop or hops can mean several things:



Battle of Wilson's Creek

The Battle of Wilson's Creek, also called the "Bull Run of the West", was a battle of the American Civil War. It was the first battle that took place west of the Mississippi River. Nathaniel Lyon, the Union general, was the first general killed in the Civil war.

During the summer of 1861, the Union and Confederate Armies were both trying to control Missouri. By the second week of July 1861, the Union Army of the West commanded by Brigadier general Nathaniel Lyon, camped at Springfield, Missouri. In total, he had about 5,400 soldiers in his command.

About 75 miles to the southwest of Springfield, the pro-Southern Missouri State Guard were camped. They were under the command of Major general Sterling Price. Price was joined by Confederate generals Benjamin McCulloch and Nicholas Bartlett Pearce. Combined their forces numbered about 12,000. In late July both forces started moving closer to together, each army trying to learn what they could about the other. There was a skirmish at Dug Springs, Missouri on August 2. This is near present-day Clever, Missouri. The Union forces won but this is when Lyon realized the Confederates had more than twice the forces he had. The Union forces retreated back to Springfield.

On August 9, 1861, Lyon marched his troops from Springfield to where the Confederates were now camped at Wilson Creek. His plan called for Colonel Franz Sigel to do a flanking maneuver on the Confederates and attack them from their rear. The rest of Lyon's forces would attack from the north.

On August 10, Sigel's flanking maneuver surprised the Confederate army. It allowed the Union army an early advantage. The two armies fought fiercely in the fields and hills around Wilson's Creek. After six hours of fighting and numerous casualties on both sides, the Union forces withdrew. Siegel's attack had at first proved very successful, but fell apart when he mistook the Confederate 3rd Louisiana for federal troops and allowed them to get too close without being challenged.

Three times the confederates attacked the Union line and failed to break through all three times. During the battle, Lyon was killed and Major Samuel D. Sturgis replaced him. Meanwhile, Sigel's mistake had cost him the advantage and his forces were routed. After the third attack at about 11:00 am, the Confederates withdrew. With his ammunition running low and his men exhausted he withdrew to Springfield. Too disorganized to follow, the Confederate army did not pursue. Technically, it was a victory for the Confederate Army since the Union Army left the field. However, it can be considered a victory for the Union since they still kept control of Missouri. The Confederate army called the battle of Wilson’s Creek, the Battle of “Oak Hill(s)”.
Five Union Soldiers received the Medal of Honor for their parts in the battle. They were:


Philadelphia Brigade

The Philadelphia Brigade was a brigade in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It got its name because its soldiers came from the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was part of the Army of the Potomac.

Christina Grimmie

Christina Victoria Grimmie (March 12, 1994 - June 10, 2016) was an American singer, actress and YouTuber. She has performed cover versions of songs by Christina Aguilera, Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato. She released an extended play, "Find Me", in June 2011. Her studio album "With Love" was released in 2013. A second EP, "Side A", was released in 2016.

Christina Victoria Grimmie was born and raised in New Jersey.

Grimmie was shot by 27-year-old Kevin James Loibl in Orlando, Florida at her concert. Her older brother, Marcus, tackles Loibl and shot himself after shooting Grimmie. She later died in a hospital on June 10, 2016, at age of 22.

Bianca Ryan

Bianca Taylor Ryan (born September 1, 1994) is an American singer. She was the winner of NBC's "America's Got Talent" in its first season. Her first album, "Bianca Ryan", was released in autumn 2006. In 2012, Ryan joined the cast of the independent movie "We Be Kings". She played a teenaged musician who is guided by an angel to an ancient blues musician frozen in a blizzard.

Ryan was born and raised in Philadelphia.

Jodelle Ferland

Jodelle Micah Ferland (born October 9, 1994) is a Canadian actress. She played Sharon and Alessa in the thriller movie "Silent Hill" (2006). She also played Mary Jensen in the miniseries "Kingdom Hospital" (2004) and Bree Tanner in the movie "" (2010). She began acting at age two.

Ferland was born in Nanaimo, British Columbia.

Dean Spielmann

Dean Spielmann (born 26 October 1962) is a lawyer from Luxembourg. He is the President of the European Court of Human Rights. He has been a Judge of the European Court of Human Rights from Luxembourg since 2004. He was made President of the Fifth Section of the Court in 2011. He was made vice-president and then later president in 2012.

Wamba

Wamba is a small town in Kenya. It is in the Samburu district. The Wamba administrative division is there. The town has a big Catholic hospital. The hospital is considered important to the Samburu district. The town plays a role in the tourism industry in Kenya. It has strong ties with Prince William of Britain due to his efforts to promote conservation and ties with Samburu communities.

Hockley County, Texas

Hockley County is a county in the state of Texas in the United States. In 2020, 21,537 people lived there. The county seat is Levelland. The county was named for George Washington Hockley, who was Secretary of War for the Republic of Texas.

Weld County, Colorado

Weld County is a county in the state of Colorado. The county seat is Greeley. As of the 2020 Census, 328,981 people lived there.

Gunnison County, Colorado

Gunnison County is a county in the state of Colorado. The county seat is Gunnison. 

As of the 2020 Census, 16,918 people lived there.

Claiborne Parish, Louisiana

Claiborne Parish is a parish of the state of Louisiana. The county seat is Homer. As of the 2020 Census, 14,170 people lived there.

Sergey Kozlov

Sergey Semenovich Kozlov (4 May 1960 – 4 January 2014) was a Russian football player and manager. Kozlov played as a midfielder and defender.

Kozlov died from problems after a heart attack on 4 January 2014. He was aged 53. He died in his hometown of Khabarovsk.

Bernard Glasser

Bernard M. Glasser (June 3, 1924 – January 2, 2014) was an American movie producer and director. He was known for producing many science-fiction movies such as "Space Master X-7", "The Return of the Fly", "Run Like a Thief" and "Triangle".

Glasser was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was married to Joan Glasser until his death. They had four children. Glasser died on January 2, 2014 from natural causes at his home in Los Angeles. He was aged 89.

St Cross College, Oxford

St. Cross College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It is a graduate college only. It does not have any undergraduate students. The College was founded in 1965. It was named after St. Cross Road, where the college's first buildings were located. In 1981 it moved to its current location on St. Giles Road. 

Brad Renfro

Brad Renfro (July 25, 1982 — January 15, 2008) was an American actor. He played Mark Sway in "The Client" in 1994. He played Huckleberry Finn in the movie "Tom and Huck" in 1995 and also appeared in the family drama "The Cure" in the same year. He made many feature movies in his career. His career ended because of alcoholism and drugs.

Renfro was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. He died at age 25 due to heroin intoxication. For reasons unknown, Renfro, was not included in the annual Academy Awards tribute for Hollywood performers who had died during the past year.

Tricia Helfer

Tricia Janine Helfer (born April 11, 1974) is a Canadian model and actress. She is best known for playing the Cylon "Number 6" in "Battlestar Galactica". In "Supernatural", she played Molly McNamara. She also played Alex Rice in "Dark Blue". She also played in other television series.

Helfer was born in Donalda, Alberta.

Athelwald of Deira

Athelwald (also spelled Oethelwald or Œthelwald) was a King of Deira. He was the nephew of King Oswiu of Northumbria, his overlord, but he turned on his family to support the pagan Penda of Mercia. When Penda was killed, Athelwald lost his kingdom. 

He was the son of King Oswald of Northumbria, who was killed by Penda of Mercia at the Battle of Maserfield in 642. At Oswald's death Northumbria was reduced back to the two kingdoms of Bernicia and Deira. Oswiu was the king of Bernicia and was acknowledge as overlord of Deira. 
Penda had placed Oswine of Deira on the throne of Deira. But Oswine did not get along with his overlord Oswiu. He raised an army against Oswiu but then realized his army wasn't large enough and he sent them home. He was betrayed by one of his nobleman to Oswiu and was murdered in 651.

After Oswine's death, Athelwald became king. It is uncertain whether Oswiu (who was Athelwald's uncle) installed him as king or whether Athelwald took the kingship in opposition to Oswiu. At some point he allied himself with Oswiu's enemy, Penda of Mercia. He guided Penda during his invasion of Northumbria in 655. But, when the armies of Oswiu and Penda met on 15 November at the Battle of the Winwaed, Athelwald withdrew to safety. Penda was defeated and killed. perhaps in part because of this desertion, and afterward Athelwald was not heard of again. 

King Athelwald gave St. Cedd the lands of Lastingham to build a monastery.

Department

Department can mean several things:



Polar vortex

The polar vortex (alternate names: Arctic cyclone or polar vortice) is a persistent large-scale cyclone located near geographical poles of a planet. On Earth, a polar vortex is usually in the middle and upper troposphere and stratosphere. The cyclone surrounds the polar highs. Polar storms lie in the wake of the polar front. They strengthen in the winter and weaken near summer. These vortexes span usually between 620 to 1,240 miles. They circulate counter-clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere.

Similar to hurricanes, a Coriolis effect causes the rotation of a polar vortex. The Arctic vortex has two main centers: one is over the Baffin Island, the other is over northeastern Siberia.

Climate change may be increasing Arctic polar vortex stretching events. This would cause more extreme cold in the United States.

Department of Alto Adige

The Department of Alto Adige (, ) was a department of Napoleon's Kingdom of Italy. It was named after the river Adige (Etsch), which flowed through it. The capital of the department was Trento.

The department's territory was not the same as that of the modern Italian province of Alto Adige. Some of the territory is the same, such as the city of Bolzano, but most of the rest is now part of the province of Trento. These two provinces form the region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.

The name "Alto Adige" was created in the late 18th century by Napoleon Bonaparte, when he occupied the territory of northern Italy near the Alps. This was the name of the French administrative division known as the "Department of Alto Adige" ("Dipartimento dell'Alto Adige"), created during Napoleon's Kingdom of Italy in 1810. It was officially named "Haut Adige" to get rid of relation to the historic "County of Tyrol" of Austria. The District of Alto Adige was created by Napoleon as part of the Dipartamento del Benaco in his Cisalpine Republic, and was near Verona. This Benaco department, created in 1797, was gotten rid of in 1798 as a result of administrative changes to the Cisalpine Republic.

Some years later, Napoleon created the Department of Alto Adige further north. This department was a part of the Kingdom of Italy from 1810 to 1814. It was created with the division of the Austrian Tyrol between French Bavaria and the Kingdom of Italy, and included the southern part of Tyrol with the city of Bolzano with surroundings (along with the Trentino). The boundaries were made by Austrian and German commissioners, who said that a territory would belong to the Kingdom of Italy if it is inhabited by Italians.

The department was ended after the defeat of Napoleon in 1814. Its territory is now divided between the Italian provinces of Trentino and South Tyrol.

The name "Alto Adige" was reused. Today it is the Italian name of the part of Tyrol south of the Brenner Pass. Ettore Tolomei made it official in Italy after World War I.



Josep Casadevall

Josep Casadevall (born 10 September 1946) is a lawyer from Andorra. He was born in Spain and received his law degree in Madrid in 1978. He is now a judge at the European Court of Human Rights. He represents Andorra.

Ineta Ziemele

Ineta Ziemele (born 12 February 1970) is a judge from Latvia. She has been a judge at the European Court of Human Rights since April 27, 2005. She is President of the Fourth Section since 2012.

Suzanne Pleshette

Suzanne Pleshette (January 31, 1937 – January 19, 2008) was an American actress. She played Jeanne Greene in "Youngblood Hawke" in 1964. She also played Annie Hayworth in "The Birds" one year earlier. She also voiced characters during certain movies. She then played Emily in the sitcom "The Bob Newhart Show" (1972-78).

Pleshette was born in Brooklyn, New York. She died from lung cancer, after an operation removed part of her lung. She was 70.

Gleneagles Hotel

The Gleneagles Hotel is a hotel in Torquay, Devon, England. It is best known for being the inspiration for the British situation comedy, "Fawlty Towers".

Patricia Hill Collins

Patricia Hill Collins (born May 1, 1948) is a Distinguished University Professor of Sociology at the University of Maryland, College Park. Her first book, "Black Feminist Thought", was published in 1990. A book Collins wrote with Margaret Andersen called "Race, Class and Gender: An Anthology" was published in 1992. The sixth edition was published in 2007.

Collins was born in Philadelphia to working-class parents. She became a student at Brandeis University in 1965.
In 1982 Collins started work as an assistant professor at the University of Cincinnati.

(You Drive Me) Crazy

"(You Drive Me) Crazy" is a popular romance song by Britney Spears. It was released in July 1999. The song charted at #10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #9 in the Rhythmic Top 40. It performed better in United Kingdom.

The original version on the album "...Baby One More Time" is different from the single version usually heard.

The Spectator

The Spectator is a British conservative magazine. It was first published on 6 July 1828. The editor was Robert Stephen Rintoul. In April 1858 he died. The magazine was then sold. David and Frederick Barclay own the magazine. Boris Johnson was the magazine's editor. Fraser Nelson has been the magazine's editor since 2009. The magazine supports the Conservative Party. A lot of famous people have written in "The Spectator".

Rookie (magazine)

Rookie is an American online magazine for teenage girls. It was started by the fashion blogger Tavi Gevinson in September 2011 with Anaheed Alani as the editorial director. Gevinson was going to make the magazine with Jane Pratt. Pratt decided not to be part of the magazine. However, Gevinson said that she is the magazine's "fairy godmother." Rookie has published interviews with famous people including Lorde, Emma Watson, and Kathleen Hanna. Rookie posts three times every weekday. Each month it has a theme. Rookie has released two yearbooks.

TNA King of the Mountain Championship

The TNA King of the Mountain Championship is a professional wrestling championship in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). The championship was debuted on the October 23, 2008 episode of "TNA Impact!" and was originally called the "TNA Legends Championship". It was considered the second highest-ranking title in TNA. It was declared defunct by the (storyline) TNA Executive Director Kurt Angle on July 3, 2014. The title was reactivated under the new name "TNA King of the Mountain Championship" on June 25, 2015.

Booker T revealed the championship after he took it out of a steel briefcase that he had been carrying around in the weeks leading up to the reveal. He named it the "TNA Legends Championship" and declared himself as the first champion. A.J. Styles defeated Booker T at Destination X on March 15, 2009 to win the championship.

Winning the title made Styles the first-ever TNA Grand Slam Champion after he had won the World Heavyweight (NWA or TNA), the World Tag Team (NWA or TNA), and the TNA X Division Championship along with the Legends Championship. The Management Director of TNA Jim Cornette announced that the Championship became an official TNA sanctioned championship because Styles defeated Booker T for it legally by the contract the two had signed to make the match official.

When Eric Young held the championship, he renamed it the "TNA Global Championship" on the October 29, 2009 episode of "Impact!" and said that he was not going to defend it against any American wrestlers or on American soil. Young was defeated by Rob Terry during a live event in Cardiff, Wales on January 27, 2010.

Terry lost the championship to A.J. Styles on the July 22 episode of "Impact!". Styles renamed it the "TNA Television Championship" on the July 29 episode.

On July 3, 2014, the TNA Executive Director Kurt Angle declared that the Television Championship would become inactive.

On June 25, 2015, the championship was reactivated under the new name "TNA King of the Mountain Championship." It was announced by TNA that there would be a new champion crowned in a King of the Mountain match at Slammiversary. At Slammiversary, Jeff Jarrett defeated Matt Hardy, Eric Young, Drew Galloway, and Bobby Roode to win the championship. Since Jarrett was the founder and running GFW, there were suspicions of Jarrett defending the championship in GFW. The championship did appear at a GFW live event on July 9 where Young attacked Jarrett and stole the championship.

The current champion is Bobby Roode. Roode is in his first reign as champion. He won the championship after defeating PJ Black during "Impact Wrestling" tapings on July 28, 2015.

The first champion was Booker T. He awarded himself the championship on the October 23, 2008 episode of "Impact!". The longest reigns in the championship's history was Abyss' second reign which lasted 396 days. The shortest reign was PJ Black's first reign which lasted only 1 day.

Amy Ryan

Amy Ryan (born May 3, 1968) is an American actress. In "Gone Baby Gone" she played Helene. She was nominated for several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She did not win; however, she received other awards for her performance. Ryan played Beadie Russell in "The Wire".

Ryan was born in Queens, New York.

Escape Plan

Escape Plan is an action, melodrama and thriller movie of 2013. The movie is about an engineer who is kept in a secret prison. The engineer is a former prosecutor. Sylvester Stallone plays Ray (the engineer), Arnold Schwarzenegger plays Emil Rottmayer and Victor Mannheim, and 50 Cent plays Hush. This movie was rated R by MPAA officials.

This movie was released in October 2013 with mixed critical reviews. The box office sales were somewhat low in the United States. Overseas, however, the movie performed quite well. It made over US$137 million.

Long and Foster

Long and Foster is the largest privately owned real estate company in the United States. The company currently has around 170 sales offices with over 10,000 agents, mainly in the Mid-Atlantic region.

In 1968, Long and Foster was founded by Henry Long and Wesley Foster. Eleven years later, the company transferred complete ownership to Wesley Foster. Since its creation, the company has set up offices in Virginia, Maryland, Washington, D.C., Pennsylvania, New Jersey, West Virginia, Delaware, and North Carolina.

Long and Foster provides sales and purchases of homes, land, and commercial properties; mortgage, title, and insurance assistance; insurance offerings; and relocation and settlement services.


Fight or flight response

The fight-or-flight response (or acute stress response) is a set of physiological changes that occur when an animal is threatened. The changes include increased heart rate, breathing rate and blood pressure.

This response was first described by W.B Cannon. He found that animals react to threats with a general discharge of the sympathetic nervous system. This leads to changes such as those mentioned above. The changes prepare the animal for fighting or fleeing. This response is the first stage of a general adaptation that regulates stress responses among vertebrates and other organisms.

The fight or flight response lets animals respond quickly to threats. This system is universal in vertebrates. That shows it is ancient in origin, and very important.

Humans have some problems with the system, because though they share the physiology with other animals, they rarely face a clear-cut fight or flight choice. Humans can try to talk their way through various problems and semi-threats, but they may suffer stress when the issues are not easily solved.

Animals respond in many ways to situations which threaten them. The fight/flight choice is just one alternative. At one extreme is the way mother cats with kittens will defend them to the death if necessary. Another situation is the way many animals keep still when a predator is nearby. Their camouflage is often effective.

Ormoc

Ormoc is a city in the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region in the province of Leyte. It is the second largest city in the province. In 2010, 190,000 people lived in Ormoc.

In 1991, Ormoc was hit by Tropical Storm Thelma. On 8 November 2013, the city was affected by Super Typhoon Yolanda (Haiyan).

Ormoc is one of a few cities in the Philippines where people use e-tricycles.

The city and nearby areas are sometimes attacked by the New People's Army (NPA).

The city got its name from "ogmok", an old Visayan term for lowland.

Gail Dines

Gail Dines (July 29, 1958 in Manchester) is a British-American radical feminist and anti-pornography activist. Her book "Pornland: How Porn Has Hijacked our Sexuality" was published in 2010. She is Jewish.

She moved to the United States in 1986. She is Professor of Sociology and Women's Studies at Wheelock College in Boston.

Dines says that modern pornography is cruel and violent. She started a group called Stop Porn Culture.

Brown County, Indiana

Brown County is a county in Indiana. Its county seat is Nashville.

There are no cities in Brown County


Larry D. Mann

Larry D. Mann (18 December 1922 – 6 January 2014) was a Canadian actor. He was known for his voice role as Rudolph on "Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer".

Mann died on 6 January 2014 at his home in Los Angeles. He died from Alzheimer's disease. He was aged 91.


Alma Muriel

Alma Muriel (20 October 1951 – 5 January 2014) was a Mexican actress. She was known for playing villain roles on telenovelas.

Muriel was born in Mexico City on 20 October 1951. She was partners with actor Joaquín Cordero.

Muriel died from a heart attack on 5 January 2014 at her apartment in Playa del Carmen, Quintana Roo. She was aged 62.

Cutthroat Kitchen

Cutthroat Kitchen is a reality cooking television show that airs on Food Network. It began on August 11, 2013. It is hosted by Alton Brown.

Four chefs are given three cooking challenges. Each challenge has a type of dish that the chefs have to make in 30 minutes. Before then, the chefs have one minute to get ingredients out of a pantry. After 30 minutes, a judge tastes each dish, and the chef with the worst dish is eliminated.

At the start of the game, the chefs are each given $25,000. In the first two challenges, Brown shows items that are put up to auction for the chefs to buy using their money. The chefs can use these items on other chefs to change their ingredients, what cooking tools they can use, and other things. For example, an item may force a chef to cook using canned ingredients instead of fresh ones. The chef who is eliminated has to give back the money that they have. In the last challenge, no items are shown at first, but during the first minutes of the challenge, Brown will put items up for auction. This makes it so the person who gets the item has to change their dish based on what the item does. The chef that wins keeps the money that they have left.


Pescetarianism

Pescetarianism means having a diet that is vegetarianism but with fish and other seafoods.

Semi-vegetarianism

Semi-vegetarianism means eating seafood or poultry, or both, but no red meat. People who eat red meat on rare occasion are "flexitarians". Real or semi-vegetarians, though, usually resent "flexitarian", looking down on this term and calling it cheating. 

A pescetarian is a person who eats fish, shrimp and seafood. They do not eat poultry.

A "pollotarian" is a person who eats chicken. They do not eat red meat, seafood or fish.

"Pollo-pescetarians" eat seafood, shrimp and poultry but no red meat.

People who have semi-vegetarian diets are usually doing so for health reasons, including avoiding heart disease, diabetes and strokes.

Ovo-lacto vegetarianism

Ovo-lacto vegetarianism (alternate: lacto-ovo) is a diet in which people do not eat the flesh of animals. They do, though, eat eggs and dairy. Ovo-lacto vegetarians are the most prevalent types in the Western world. Such people are well served in restaurants, especially in certain parts of Europe and in North America.

Ovo-lacto vegetarians use this diet sometimes for religious reasons. Others use it for health.

Béla Károlyi

Béla Károlyi (; born September 13, 1942) is a Romanian gymnastics coach. He was born in Kolozsvár (now Cluj-Napoca). At the time it was part of Hungary. He helped coach several gymnasts during the 1996 Summer Olympics.


Liam Cosgrave

Liam Cosgrave (13 April 1920 – 4 October 2017) was an Irish politician. Cosgrave served as Prime Minister of Ireland (1973–77) and as Leader of Fine Gael (1965–77). He was a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1943 to 1981.

Cosgrave died in Dublin on 4 October 2017 at the age of 97, after a long illness.

Prem Tinsulanonda

General Prem Tinsulanonda (August 26, 1920 – May 26, 2019) was a Thai retired military officer. He was Prime Minister of Thailand from March 3, 1980 to August 4, 1988. He was the Regent of Thailand and the Head of the Privy Council.

Tinsulanonda died on May 26, 2019 from heart failure at a Bangkok hospital at the age of 98.


Tun Tin

Thura U Tun Tin (, ; 2 October 1920 – 1 May 2020) was an Burmese politician. Tin served as the 9th Prime Minister of Burma for a few months in 1988.

He was born in Myitkyina on 2 October 1920. He studied at Mandalay College in 1941.

Tin died on 1 May 2020 in Yangon at the age of 99.

Lê Đức Anh

Lê Đức Anh (1 December 1920 – 22 April 2019) was an Vietnamese general and politician. He was President of Vietnam from 1992 until 1997. He became president after leading the Vietnamese forces in Cambodia throughout the 1980s. He was regarded as a conservative. He supported maintaining strict party control over local policies.

He was born in Phú Lộc District, Thừa Thiên–Huế Province on 1 December 1920. He died of stroke-related problems on 22 April 2019 in Hanoi, aged 98.

40

Year 40 (XL) was a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus without colleague.







Antonio Imbert Barrera

Antonio Imbert Barrera (December 3, 1920 – May 31, 2016) was a politician of the Dominican Republic. He served as President of the Dominican Republic from May 7, 1965 until August 30, 1965. The president before him was Pedro Bartolomé Benoit. The president after him was Héctor García Godoy.

Pedro Richter Prada

Pedro Richter Prada (January 4, 1921 – July 14, 2017) was a Peruvian politician. Prada was the Prime Minister of Peru from 31 January 1979 to 28 July 1980. On December 28, 2007, the Italian government arrested Prada for the disappearance of 25 Italian citizens in the 1970s.

In February 2015 a trial started in Italy related to Operation Condor, there were indictments against 32 people, including Richter Prada. He was charged with aggravated murder.

Prada died in Lima, Peru on July 14, 2017 at the age of 96.

Jean, Grand Duke of Luxembourg

Grand Duke Jean of Luxembourg (5 January 1921 – 23 April 2019) ruled Luxembourg from 1964 to 2000. He was the father of the current ruler, Grand Duke Henri. He was the son of Grand Duchess Charlotte and Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma.

Jean was born at Berg Castle, in central Luxembourg. His name at birth was Jean Benoît Guillaume Robert Antoine Louis Marie Adolphe Marc d'Aviano.

He became Grand Duke when his mother, the Grand Duchess Charlotte, abdicated on 12 November 1964.

Grand Duke Jean abdicated on 7 October 2000. He was succeeded on the throne by his son Henri. Grand Duke Jean lived at Fischbach Castle.

Jean died at a hospital in Luxembourg City on 23 April 2019 from a lung infection at the age of 98.



2014 North American polar vortex

The 2014 North American polar vortex was a weather system that caused extremely cold weather through Canada and the United States. Freezing temperatures went all the way down to Nashville, Tennessee. Several cities broke records: Chicago O'Hare International Airport set a record on 6 January with a temperature of , beating the record in 1884 and 1988. There were also power failures throughout Canada and United States. One in Newfoundland on 5 January took out the power of 190,000 customers. Almost 24,000 people lost electricity across Missouri, Illinois and Indiana.

In Minnesota, Governor Mark Dayton ordered all schools closed down due to weather. Across Indiana, over fifty of the state's ninety-two counties ordered roads closed to all traffic except emergency vehicles, mostly north of Indianapolis.

Several people were killed because of the extreme weather all across North America.

Simon Blackburn

Simon Blackburn (born 12 July 1944) is a British philosopher. He went to Clifton College. He was Professor of Philosophy at the University of Cambridge. He is also a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge. He wrote "The Oxford Dictionary of Philosophy".

Strange Days (movie)

Strange Days is a cyberpunk thriller movie. It was released on October 13, 1995. The story is about celebrations for the new millennium in Los Angeles, in December 1999. The area is a dangerous war zone. The movie is also about coverups, murders and deception. Ralph Fiennes plays Lenny, Angela Bassett plays Mace and Juliette Lewis plays Faith. Its run time was 145 minutes.

The reviews of the movie were positive. The movie, however, did not make much money at the box office.


Marcia Griffiths

Marcia Griffiths (born November 23, 1949) is a Jamaican singer. She had "Electric Boogie" (also called the "Electric Slide") in the late 1980s as a hit single. Griffiths began her singing career in 1964. She usually performs reggae music. She was in a duet named Bob and Marcia. 

Griffiths was born in Kingston.

Liz Jones

Elizabeth Ann "Liz" Jones (born 5 September 1958) is a British journalist. She is known for writing for the Daily Mail. In 2014 Jones became a contestant on "Celebrity Big Brother (UK)". She was one of the contestants nominated for the first eviction.

In April 1999 Jones became the editor of "Marie Claire" magazine. She was sacked two years later.

She became anorexic when she was 11 years old. She is deaf. She married Nirpal Singh Dhaliwa in 2002. In 2007 she divorced him.

St Edmund Hall, Oxford

St. Edmund Hall is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded as a hall for undergraduate students sometime prior to 1317. There is no record of the date it was founded, but it likely existed as a hall in the early 13th Century. Because the other Oxford colleges did not begin to admit undergraduates until the 16th Century, it claims to be the oldest academic society for undergraduates at any university. The Hall became a full college of the University in 1957.

St John's College, Oxford

St. John's College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1555 by Sir Thomas White. White was a rich merchant from London.

Soldiers of Christ, Arise

"Soldiers of Christ, Arise" is an English hymn from the 18th century. The words were written by Charles Wesley (1707–1788), and came from a poem called "The Whole Armour of God, Ephesians VI" in 1747.

Robert Zulj

Robert Zulj (born 5 February 1992) is an Austrian football player. He plays for LASK in the Austrian Bundesliga. He has also played in the Austrian Under-18, Under-19, and under-21 national teams.
Zulj began his active career in 1999 in his native town of Wels in Upper Austria with the local club FC Wels. From 2006 to 2010 he played in the Linz academy. His professional career started with SV Ried in 2010. His debut was on 14 August 2010 in the first round match of the 2010–11 ÖFB Cup in a 0-3 defeat versus Bundesliga club FK Austria Wien. During the winter break of the 2013–14 season he signed a contract with FC Red Bull Salzburg. For the 2014–15 season he went to SpVgg Greuther Fürth. For the 2017–18 season he went to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim. The next season he played on loan for 1. FC Union Berlin. He then came back but only played in Hoffenheim's second team. So he went to VfL Bochum in the second league. In July 2021 he joined al-Ittihad. After a season in the Emirates, he left the club in July 2022. He returned to Austria and signed with LASK until June 2025.

He played 27 matches and scored five goals for Austria's U18, U19, U20 and U21 team.

Thomas White (merchant)

Sir Thomas White (1492–12 February 1567) was an English cloth merchant, civic leader and founder of St John's College, Oxford.

Thomas White was born in Reading, Berkshire. He was the son of William White, a clothier of Reading, and his wife, Mary, daughter of Henry Kibblewhite. At age 12 he became an apprentice to a London merchant. In time he became a prosperous clothier. In 1546 he served as of London. In 1553 he was Lord Mayor of London. Thomas White became Sir Thomas White when he was knighted by Queen Mary II of England the same year. Sir Thomas founded St John's College, Oxford in 1555. He died on 12 February 1567 at Oxford University. Sir Thomas was buried in the chapel of St. John's College, Oxford.

The Sir Thomas White Loan Charity was started in 1542 and it still exists. It gives interest-free loans to new businesses in Leicestershire and Rutland. There are several memorials to Sir Thomas White in England and he is memorialized on Leicester's .

Sir Thomas first married a woman named Avice. She died on 26 February 1558. He married secondly Joan, daughter of John Lake. She was the widow of Ralph Warren, Lord Mayor of London. Sir Thomas White did not have any children by either wife.


Simon Hoggart

Simon David Hoggart (26 May 1946 – 5 January 2014) was an English journalist and broadcaster. 

He was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, the son of Richard Hoggart and elder brother of Paul Hoggart. 

Hoggart wrote opinions about politics for "The Guardian". He also wrote opinions about wine for "The Spectator". Until 2006, he presented "The News Quiz" on Radio 4. His journalism sketches have been published in a series of books.

Hoggart died from pancreatic cancer on 5 January 2014. He was aged 67.


Mustafa Ben Halim

Mustafa Ahmed Ben Halim (; 29 January 1921 – 7 December 2021) was an Libyan politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Libya from 12 April 1954 to 25 May 1957.

Ben Halim is the last surviving of the Kingdom of Libya's premiers. He is the only one of them who survived the removal of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.

He was also Foreign and Transport minister, and Libyan ambassador to France.


Yitzhak Navon

Yitzhak Navon (‎; 9 April 1921 – 6 November 2015) was an Israeli politician, diplomat and author. He was the fifth President of Israel between 1978 and 1983. He was the first Israeli president to be born in Jerusalem and not Russia.

In 2005, people voted him as the 108th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet".


Abdelmalek Benhabyles

Abdelmalek Benhabyles (27 April 1921 – 28 December 2018) was an Algerian politician. He was born in Chevreuil. He was a chairman of the Constitutional Council (President of Algeria) from 11 January 1992 until 14 January 1992.

In his later political career, he was the country's ambassador to Japan, Tunisia, Switzerland and the Vatican.

Benhabyles died in Algiers, Algeria on 28 December 2018 at the age of 97.

Port Talbot

Port Talbot is a town and community in the principal area of Neath Port Talbot, Wales. It is located 7 miles (11 km) to the east of Swansea across the Swansea Bay.

In 2011, the town had a population of 37,276.

The town is best known for Port Talbot Steelworks, one of the biggest steelworks in the world. However, for many years, the steelworks has been under threat of closure.

Arguably Port Talbot's most famous son is actor, director and film producer Sir Anthony Hopkins, who was born in the Margam suburb of the town.

PSR B1257+12 B

PSR B1257+12 B is an extrasolar planet in the constellation of Virgo. It is around 980 light years away from Earth. It was the first planet ever discovered outside of the Solar System. It is over four times bigger than Earth. It orbits the pulsar PSR B1257+12, going around it approximately every 66 days at a distance of 0.36 AU.


Rob Gonsalves

Robert "Rob" Gonsalves (July 10, 1959 – June 14, 2017) is a Canadian painter of magic and surreal events.

Gonsalves's art was not recognized until several years after he started, in the Toronto Outdoor Art Exhibit. He was given a small spot there to show off his most recent art. During the exhibit, he received a large amount of encouragement.

Gonsalves currently sells his latest work at exhibits and multiple websites. His most visited exhibits include the Art Expo in New York and Los Angeles, Decor Atlanta and Las Vegas, Fine Art Forum, as well as one-man shows at Discovery Galleries, Ltd., Marcus Ashley Gallery, and the Hudson River Art Gallery.

In June 2003, Simon & Schuster produced Gonsalves's first book, "Imagine a Night". A second book, "Imagine a Day", was produced in 2004. That book received the 2005 Governor General's Award. In 2008, Gonsalves produced another book, "Imagine a Place".


Metropolis (comics)

Metropolis is a fictional city in DC Comics. It is where Superman lives. The city is based on New York City, Chicago and Toronto. It became Superman's home in 1939. Within the DC Universe, Metropolis is one of the largest and richest cities on Earth. It has a population of nearly 11 million people.

The city has appeared in different forms of media, including television shows, movies, video games, and more. 

Daily Planet

The Daily Planet is a fictional newspaper in the universe of DC Comics. Superman's alter-ego Clark Kent works here with Lois Lane, Jimmy Olsen and Perry White.

The "Daily Planet" office building has a large globe on its roof. Jerry Siegel said that the design of the building was based on the Old Toronto Star Building. Future appearances of the building were soon inspired by the Chicago Board of Trade Building and the Empire State Building.

It's My Party

It's My Party is a romance and drama movie. It was released March 1996. The story is about a two-day-long party given by Nick Stark, a man with AIDS. Instead of dying slowly, he decides to kill himself using Seconal. Eric Roberts plays Nick, Marlee Matlin plays Daphne, Margaret Cho plays Charlene Lee, Sally Kellerman plays Sara, Olivia Newton-John plays Lina.

The movie had mixed to positive reviews. Its running time was 110 minutes.

It's My Party (song)

"It's My Party" is a song by Lesley Gore from 1963. The song is about a teenage girl during a party on her birthday. Her boyfriend, Johnny, goes missing during the party. He comes back with another girl, Judy, who is wearing his ring. The girl Johnny left becomes so unhappy that she cries.

The song was written in 1962. The single peaked near #1 for the pop and rhythm and blues musical charts. Other musicians have recorded the song.

Florrie

Florence Arnold (or Florrie; born 28 December 1988) is a British singer-songwriter and a model. She began singing around 2008. Her debut EP record, "Introduction", came out in 2010. She has released two albums since then, in 2011 and 2012.

Florrie was born in Bristol, England.

Sasheer Zamata

Sasheer Zamata Moore (; born May 6, 1986) is an American actress and comedienne. In 2014, she started appearing on "Saturday Night Live". She was the first black woman on the show since 2007. 

Zamamta was raised in Indianapolis, Indiana. She lives in New York City.


Jura, Scotland

Jura is an island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland, just north-east of Islay. Compared with its fertile and more populous neighbour, Jura is mountainous, bare and infertile. It is covered largely by vast areas of blanket bog, hence its small population. In a list of the islands of Scotland ranked by size, Jura comes eighth, whereas ranked by population it comes thirty-first. It is in the council area of Argyll and Bute.

Krip Hop

Krip-Hop is a movement that draws attention to hip-hop artists with disabilities. Leroy Moore's Krip Hop Nation has released two mix tape CDs. The 'Krip' in Krip Hop is short for 'cripple'. The word is used by some disabled people to describe themselves. Moore chose to change the 'c' in 'crip' to a 'k' because there is a gang called the Crips. Krip Hop Nation performed at the Happening Weekend at DaDaFest 2010.

Krip-Hop musicians include Miss Money and Kalyn Heffernan. Heffernan has brittle bone disease. She is the frontwoman of a group called Wheelchair Sports Camp. 

Bryan Loren

Bryan Loren Hudson (born 1966) is an American singer-songwriter.

Loren started writing music when he was 12 years old. In 1984 Loren's first album, "Bryan Loren", was released. "Lollipop Luv" was released as a single from it. It reached number 23 in the R&B chart. In 1992 he released his second album, "Music From The New World". He was a member of Fat Larry's Band. He wrote "Feels so Good" for Whitney Houston.

Loren wrote the number one single "Do the Bartman" with Michael Jackson. He made a song with Jackson called "Satisfy You" in 1990, but it was never released. He wrote "Superfly Sister" with Michael Jackson. It was on Jackson's 1997 album "".

Lupita Nyong'o

Lupita Nyong'o (born 1983) is a Kenyan-Mexican actress and filmmaker. The first American movie she acted in was "12 Years a Slave". Nyong’o won several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, for her role in "12 Years a Slave". She was also in "Black Panther" (2018) and "Us" (2019).

Nyong'o was born in Mexico City, Mexico, in 1983 to Dorothy and Peter Anyang' Nyong'o. Her parents had fled Kenya because they were being harassed by the government there; her uncle was killed in 1980. The family moved back in 1987 but they were still harassed by Daniel arap Moi's government, which was supported by the United States and United Kingdom. 

Nyong'o was raised mostly in Kenya, but returned to Mexico as a teenager and attended university in the United States. After graduating, she played a role in the 2009 Nigerian television show "Shuga". She went back to school and got a Master's degree from Yale's School of Drama in 2012. 

In 2014, Nyong’o won several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, for her role in "12 Years a Slave". She said her acting in "12 Years a Slave" was inspired by Michael Jackson and Whoopi Goldberg. Nyong'o was nominated for the British Film Academy’s Rising Star Award and on the cover of "Dazed & Confused" and "W" magazine's February 2014 issues. She was named the most beautiful in the world by PEOPLE magazine in April 2014.

Nyong'o continued to act in major Hollywood movies including "" (2015), "The Jungle Book" (2016), "Black Panther", and "Us". As well as acting, in 2019 and 2020 she wrote a children's book, "Sulwe", which was released in English, Swahili, and Luo.

She also won a Daytime Emmy Award for an episode in “Bookmarks: Celebrating Black Voices,” in which she read from her children’s book Sulwe. 

Numerical integration

Numerical integration is the term used for a number of methods to find an approximation for an integral. Numerical integration has also been called quadrature. Very often, it is not possible to solve integration analytically, for example when the data consists of a number of distinct measurements, or when the antiderivative is not known, and it is difficult, impractical or impossible to find it. In such cases, the integral can be written as a mathematical function defined over the interval in question, plus a function giving the error. 

One way to find a numerical integral is using interpolation. Very often these interpolating functions are polynomials.

Various formulas have been studied for many years and become famous. For example, there is the Gaussian quadrature (named after Gauss), the Newton-Cotes formula (named after Isaac Newton), and the Euler-Maclaurin formula (named after Leonhard Euler).

Numerical errors can occur in any kind of numerical computation including numerical integration. Errors in numerical integration are considered in another area called "validated numerics".



Another Brick in the Wall

"Another Brick in the Wall" is a rock and roll song by Pink Floyd. It is divided into three parts. It was released on their album "The Wall" in 1979. Part 1 is a song about the sadness of a child (later to become a rockstar). Part 2 continues from "The Happiest Days of Our Lives". It is a rock opera protest song against the cruelty of teachers in Britain. Part 3 is the loudest and shortest part of "Another Brick in the Wall". It is about the rockstar's anger and the completion of his "Metaphorical Wall". It cross-fades to "Goodbye Cruel World". In 2004, Korn made a studio version of "Another Brick in the Wall". The Pink Floyd version reached 57 on the disco chart.

The tunes of all three parts are exactly the same, but one part will be louder than the previous part. It starts off with the tragedy of Part 1 to the protesting of Part 2 to the fury of Part 3. 

Harry Benjamin

Harry Benjamin (January 12, 1885 – August 24, 1986) was an American sexologist and endocrinology. A book he wrote about transsexualism called "The Transsexual Phenomenon" was published in 1966. He died when he was 101. He made the Sex Orientation Scale. It is also known as the Benjamin scale.

Benjamin was born in Berlin. He was raised in an Ashkenazi Jewish home.

Benjamin was married to a woman called Gretchen.

Michael Jackson's Vision

Michael Jackson's Vision is a DVD box-set by Michael Jackson. It was released on November 22, 2010 by Epic Records, Legacy Recordings and, Michael's own label, MJJ Productions. It has three DVDs in it. These contain 42 of Jackson's music videos. They are in order. "One More Chance" was released on "Michael Jackson's Vision".




The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland

The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland is a 1999 American children's film. It was directed by Gary Halvorson. It made $11,683,047. The movie soundtrack was released by Michael Jackson's record label MJJ Music.




Division of Richmond

The Division of Richmond is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It was set up for the first Australian federal election in 1901. It is named after its local area, the Richmond Valley and Richmond River. These were named for Charles, the fifth Duke of Richmond.
Richmond is in the north-east corner of NSW, next to the Queensland border. The main towns are Bangalow, Brunswick Heads, Byron Bay, Kingscliff, Lennox Head, Mullumbimby, Murwillumbah, Nimbin, Ocean Shores, Pottsville, Suffolk Park and Tweed Heads. 

Richmond was held for 55 years by three generations of the Anthony family -- Hubert Lawrence Anthony (a minister in the Fadden and Menzies governments), Doug Anthony (leader of the National Party from 1971 to 1984 and Deputy Prime Minister in the Gorton, McMahon and Fraser governments) and Larry Anthony (a minister in the Howard government) -- the first three-generation dynasty in the Australian House of Representatives. Charles Blunt was the leader of the Nationals and one of only three major party leaders to lose their own seat in an election. 


Michael Jackson's Ghosts

Michael Jackson's Ghosts is a 52-minute short movie by Michael Jackson. It was written by Stephen King and Mick Garris. Stan Winston directed it. Jackson plays three roles in it. There are four songs in the movie. These are "Ghost", "Addam's Groove", "2 Bad", and "Is It Scary". Mos Def plays Seth in the movie. "Ghosts" was shown at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival.

The movie tells the story of a scary maestro who is being invited to a party by its mayor at his mansion. The mayor looks like Thomas W. Sneddon, the main prosecutor in Jackson's child sexual abuse case twenty-three years before the movie will be made. Jackson will play both the maestro and the mayor.

The 20/20 Experience

The 20/20 Experience (also known as The 20/20 Experience – 1 of 2) is the third studio album by Justin Timberlake. It was released on March 15, 2013, by RCA Records Three singles were released from the album. It was the best selling album of 2013 in the US.

Michael (album)

"Michael" is an album by Michael Jackson. It was released in 2010. Eight of the album's ten songs were written by Jackson. Jackson died in 2009. will.i.am said before the album's release that the album should not be released.

Four singles were released from the album. "Hold My Hand" was released as the first single. It reached number ten in the UK Singles Chart. "Hollywood Tonight" was released as the second single. The third single was "Behind the Mask". "(I Like) The Way You Love Me" was released as the fourth single.

"Rolling Stone" gave the album three out of five stars.

Euromaidan

Euromaidan () was a period of demonstrations and civil unrest in Ukraine. It began on the night of 21 November 2013 with protests demanding that Ukraine become part of the European Union. On 30 November 2013 riot police attacked protestors, violently putting a stop to the protests. The protesters then demanded the resignation of President Viktor Yanukovych. Many people were killed in the riots.

Many people in Ukraine, particularly in the western part of the country, wanted to be part of the European Union. But President Yanukovych wanted to maintain close relationships with Russia. This angered pro-EU civilians. They started Euromaidan. On 30 November, the police intervened, sometimes violently. As a result, more people came out to protest. Many people blocked the streets with their cars in a protest called "Automaidan".

The President fled in February 2014 but protests continued. In March 2014 the Russian Federation captured Crimea which angered many other nations. Some people feared this might lead to a global war. 
As the riots continued, the protesters were attacked. Hundreds were killed or injured. Ukrainians got the freedom they wanted and a new government, although they have not yet entered into the European Union. Meanwhile Ukraine lost Crimea to Russia.

Russia did not like that the Ukrainian government was overthrown as the new more nationalist and anti-Russian government did not favor them. Some of the people in the east, in the Donbas, preferred the old President, and declared independence and wanted to join Russia. Many people in Ukraine, particularly in the east, suffered in fighting.



10 Things I Hate About You

10 Things I Hate About You is a 1999 American teen movie. It is directed by Gil Junger. It was the first movie he directed. The movie is a modern version of William Shakespeare's play "The Taming of the Shrew". The main character is Katarina "Kat" Stratford. She is played by Julia Stiles. Heath Ledger plays her love interest Patrick Verona. Kat is a feminist. Her sister Bianca is trying to find Kat a boyfriend. She decides that Patrick would suit Kat because he is also an outcast. The Scholastic Corporation published a novel of the story in June 1999. It was written by David Levithan.

Carbapenem

Carbapenems are a class of antibiotics which act against a wide range of bacteria. Their structure is difficult for bacterial enzymes to break down. They were originally developed from a product of "Streptomyces cattleya".

Carbapenems are one of the "antibiotics of last resort" for many bacterial infections, such as "Escherichia coli" ("E. coli") and "Klebsiella pneumoniae".

Recently, alarm has been raised about an "Indian superbug". This is a strain resistant to Carapenems, which was discovered in Delhi. This strain produces an enzyme which chops up the antibiotic molecule.

At present there are no new antibiotics in development to replace carbapenems. However, some older antibiotics may treat bacteria that are resistant to carbapenems.

French Wars of Religion

The French Wars of Religion were eight wars that were fought in France in the 16th century between Catholics and Protestants (also known as "Huguenots"). In all of the wars until 1585, the Catholics were supported by the French kings.

The first war started in 1562, when the Protestant Prince of Condé, Louis de Bourbon, fled Paris with his supporters and captured the city of Orléans. His army was defeated by the Catholics at the Battle of Dreux in December, and the Catholics placed Orléans under siege. During the siege, a Huguenot killed the Catholic leader, Duke Francis of Guise. A peace treaty was signed in March, ending the first war.

The second war began in 1567, when the Prince of Condé tried to kidnap King Charles IX in an incident known as the "Surprise at Meaux." Condé put Paris under siege, but the Catholics attacked his army and defeated him. The Protestants and the Catholics raised large armies, but there were no more major battles. In March 1568, another peace treaty was signed.

The third war began in 1568, when Condé and his ally, Gaspard de Coligny, suspected that the Catholics would try to murder them. They went south and raised an army. A Catholic army, led by the king's brother, Henry of Valois, who would later become Henry III of France, attacked them and won a victory at Jarnac. At the Battle of Jarnac, Condé was captured and executed. Coligny, now the leader of the main Protestant army, fought another battle against the Catholics at Moncontour. This battle, one of the deadliest of the era, was another Protestant defeat. Many of the Protestants withdrew into the fortress town of Saint Jean d'Angély, and the Catholics besieged them there. While the Catholics besieged Saint Jean d'Angély and lost thousands of troops, Coligny joined forces with the Protestant Count of Montgomery and his army. The Protestants marched across France and, in June 1570, defeated the Catholics at the Battle of Arnay-le-Duc. The Catholics, running out of money, made a peace treaty with the Protestants.

In 1572, the fourth war broke out when the Catholics, led by Henry of Valois and Henry of Guise, the son of Duke Francis, who was killed during the first war, killed Coligny and thousands of other Protestants during the Saint Bartholomew's Day Massacre. Many Protestant survivors fled to La Rochelle, one of the main centres of Protestantism in France. The Catholic army put La Rochelle under siege but could not conquer the city. After losing thousands of soldiers, the Catholics agreed to a peace treaty. Between the fourth and the fifth wars King Charles IX died and his younger brother, Henry, became King Henry III. 

In 1574, the fifth war began. The Catholic monarchy faced an alliance between the Protestants and a new group, known as the "Malcontents," Who were were Catholic noblemen who opposed the policies of the monarchy and wanted religious toleration for the Protestants. In 1575, King Henry III's younger brother, Francis, known as the Duke of Alençon, joined the Malcontents and raised an army. Henry III gave up and in 1576 agreed to a peace treaty with the Malcontents and Protestants. Called the Peace of Beaulieu, gave a lot of land and money to the Duke of Alençon and to the Malcontents. Many of the Malcontents, including Alençon, were satisfied and became loyal to the King and the Catholics again.

In late 1576, the sixth war began. The Protestants no longer had as many allies and lost the important cities of La Charité and Issoire. However, the King did not have enough money to continue the war and so the war ended in 1577.

The seventh war began in 1580 when Henry of Navarre, the most important Protestant leader, attacked the Catholic city of Cahors. He conquered the city, but the Catholics captured the Protestant city of La Mure later that year. In November 1580, another peace treaty was signed. 

In 1584, the Duke of Alençon died. King Henry III was the only living son of King Henry II (reigned from 1547 to 1559), and the next man in line to become king was the Protestant Henry of Navarre. Many Catholics wanted King Henry III to disown Henry of Navarre and to make someone else the heir to the throne because were scared of a Protestant becoming king, but Henry III refused. 

In 1585, the Catholics, led by Henry of Guise, raised an army and forced King Henry III to outlaw Protestantism in France. The war that followed, the eighth war, is also known as the "War of the Three Henrys" and is named after King Henry III, Henry of Guise, and Henry of Navarre. Even though Henry III and Henry of Guise were on the same side in 1585, many Catholics feared that Henry III secretly wanted Henry of Navarre to be the next king. In 1588, the supporters of Henry of Guise, known as "Leaguers," chased King Henry III out of Paris. In 1589, afraid that Henry of Guise wanted to take the throne from him, Henry III had him murdered, fled to the Protestant army, and joined forces with Henry of Navarre. Charles of Mayenne, Henry of Guise's brother, became the leader of the Leaguers.
The Royal-Protestant army defeated the Leaguers at the Battle of Senlis and surrounded Paris. Before they could capture the city, King Henry III was killed by a Leaguer but named Henry of Navarre as his heir. Henry of Navarre, now Henry IV of France, defeated Leaguer armies at the Battle of Arques (1589) and the Battle of Ivry (1590) but could not completely defeat the Leaguers on the battlefield. In 1593, King Henry IV converted to Catholicism.

After six more years of fighting, the Leaguers gave up, and the war ended. Henry IV pardoned most of those who had fought against him, and made a settlement allowing Catholics and Protestants to practice their faith within certain limits.

Issa Rae

Issa Rae is an American actress and writer. In 2011 she started a YouTube comedy series called "Awkward Black Girl". In 2013 it won the Shorty Award for Best Web Show. Forbes put her in their 30 Under 30 list in 2013 and 2014.

Rae was born Jo-Issa Diop.
In the third grade, Rae entered a program for gifted and talented students. She went to Stanford University.

Robyn Lawley

Robyn Lawley (born 13 June, 1989) is an Australian plus size model and fashion designer. Robyn was born in Girraween, New South Wales. She started modelling when she was sixteen years old. She was on the covers of French Elle and Vogue Italia. She was the first model for Mango's plus-size line, Violeta by Mango. She designed a swimwear line. 

Barkhad Abdi

Barkhad Abdi (born 10 April 1985) is an actor from Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was born in Somalia. He has a nomination for a Golden Globe Award. He also has an Oscar nomination for his role in the movie "Captain Phillips".

Streptomyces

Streptomyces is the largest genus of Actinobacteria, Gram-positive bacteria. "Streptomyces" is often found in soil and is very much similar to fungi by its shape. They form long thin threads called hyphae that can differentiate into a chain of spores for reproduction. Almost all of the bioactive compounds produced by "Streptomyces" are made while the hyphae are forming from the substrate mycelium.

Streptomyces are medically important, as they produce antifungals, antiparasitic drugs, antivirals, antitumorals, anti-hypertensives, immunosuppressants and antibiotics. Different species of streptomyces are used to produce different antibiotics. Over 500 species of "Streptomyces" bacteria have been described. For example, widely studied "S. griseus" was the first to be used in production of an antibiotic streptomycin, while "S. avermitilis" as a source of avermictin. Another well-studied species, "S coelicolor", is widely used in genetic studies due to its relative ease of handling and distinct morphological stages. Overall, Streptomyces produce over two-thirds of the clinically useful antibiotics of natural origin, such as tetracycline, neomycin and chloramphenicol.
Antibiotics target essential proteins for pathogens’ growth and survival, inhibiting essential functions. For example, streptomycin, which is made from "S. griseus," irreversibly binds to bacterial genetic material and causes errors in the production of new proteins, which leads to cell death. It can be used for treating severe infections, such as tuberculosis and plague. Another example is avermectin, made from "S. avermitili." It causes invertebrate paralysis (inability to make and pass nerve impulses), which is used as a drug and pesticide against parasitic worms and insects. Avermectin enhances glutamate (neurotransmitter) at the glutamate-gated chloride channels that mammals don’t possess. It causes the excess of chloride ions inside the cell (hyperpolarisation), so the action potential cannot be further induced, ultimately leading to paralysis.

Genetic changes in bacteria might result in antibiotic resistance. They might be acquired through spontaneous mutations (vertical gene transfer) or through other bacteria passing their genes (horizontal gene transfer). Self-medications or improper medication use can result in the emergence of resistant bacteria. It is difficult to obtain new antibiotics, that is why researchers seek to improve existing ones, as well as working to discover new drugs.

Rosie the Riveter

Rosie the Riveter is a cultural icon in the United States. She was an icon of women that worked in factories and shipyards during World War II. She was in a World War II poster titled "We Can Do It!". She is often used as a symbol of feminism in this image. Pictures of working women were used many times during World War II. The US government wanted women to work during the war. In 1944 a movie called "Rosie the Riveter" was released. 

Rosie the Riveter became associated with a real woman called Naomi Parker, who inspired the icon. Rosie the Riveter was named after Rosalind P. Walter.

In 1997, the Rosie the Riveter Memorial Committee was started.

Prince of Conti

The title of Prince of Conti was an old title at the old French court. The prince held the prestigious rank of "Prince of the blood" at the court and was also entitled to the style of Serene Highness. The eldest son of the prince usually used the title of "Prince of La Roche-sur-Yon" and at other times used the title "Count of La Marche"


"At his death, the title was not passed on, because of the lack of direct descendants. The title was bestowed in 1629 upon:"


"At his death, the title was not passed on, because of the lack of legitimate descendants."

Randy Rhoads

Randall William "Randy" Rhoads (December 6, 1956 – March 19, 1982) was an American heavy metal guitarist. He was best known for performing with Ozzy Osbourne and the band Quiet Riot.

Rhoads first formed a band with Kelly Garni called Little Women. Kevin DuBrow was recruited into the band and they changed their name to Quiet Riot. The band became popular by playing in clubs in Los Angeles. By late 1976 they were signed to CBS/Sony Records.

Dana Strum contacted Rhoads to see if he was wanted to audition for Ozzy Osbourne's new band. He asked his mother if he should join Osbourne's band since he was still in Quiet Riot. She asked him if he would accept "an offer like this one" and Rhodes replied "Of course!"

He went to audition in Osbourne's hotel room in Los Angeles with his guitar and a practice amplifier. As he started getting ready he was given the job. Osbourne was very drunk, and had fallen asleep during the audition. Rhoads remembered later, "I just tuned up and did some riffs, and he said, 'You've got the gig'; I had the weirdest feeling, because I thought, 'You didn't even hear me yet'".

Rhoads flew to England on the November 27, 1979. He stayed with Osbourne, his wife at the time Thelma, and their two children. After a short while, Lee Kerslake joined the band, which was at the time called The Blizzard of Ozz. The band recorded their debut album "Blizzard of Ozz" which was released on September 20, 1980 and became a success. "Diary of a Madman", their second studio album, was recorded between February and March 1981. It was released on November 7, 1981.

Rhoads died on March 19, 1982. He was touring with his band at the time. While driving in their tour bus, the band stopped in Leesburg, Florida, to fix the bus' air conditioner. Osbourne stayed asleep because he had been drinking heavily earlier in the evening. While stopped, their driver Andrew Aycock noticed an airstrip with small helicopters and planes. Aycock had previously worked as a commercial pilot. He decided to take a small Beechcraft F35 plane registered to a man named Mike Partin. He took it without Partin's permission. He took keyboardist Don Airey and tour manager Jake Duncan for a flight. He took Rhoads and makeup artist Rachel Youngblood on for the second flight. Aycock tried to fly the plane very low over their tour bus, where the other band members were sleeping. He made two close passes but caused an accident on the third one. One of the plane's wings had clipped the top of the tour bus. This broke the wing into two parts and sent the plane spiraling out of control. Both Rhoads and Youngblood were thrown out of the plane's windshield by the initial impact. While traveling at about , the plane crashed into a nearby garage. All three passengers were killed instantly. They were burned beyond recognition from the fire of the plane. The only person to witness the accident was keyboardist Don Airey.



The Net

The Net is a 1995 American melodramatic thriller movie. It was released on July 28, 1995. The story is about a computer systems analyst, Angela Bennett, who becomes a victim of identity theft. She is also framed for murder. Sandra Bullock plays Angela Bennett.

Reviews for "The Net" were very mixed. The movie, however, made over US$110 million worldwide. Roger Ebert gave the movie three out of four stars.

Iran–Contra affair

The Iran-Contra affair was a scandal that happened from August 1985 to March 1987. The scandal involved the United States Government selling weapons to Iran in exchange for hostages and funds for the Nicaraguan Contras. It happened under President Ronald Reagan's government. When 1,500 missiles were shipped three hostages were released but those three hostages were soon replaced with three more hostages. Secretary of State George Shultz called it “a hostage Bazaar”

Oliver North was tried in court for the affair because he took the blame instead of Reagan. The court found North to be not guilty.

On March 4, 1987, Reagan himself apologized to the American people and said it was all his fault. George H. W. Bush later pardoned anyone who was involved in the affair.

While President Ronald Reagan was a supporter of the Contra cause, the evidence is unclear as to whether he knew about the scandal.

On November 25, 1986, President Reagan announced the creation of a Special Review Board to look into the matter; the following day, he appointed former Senator John Tower, former Secretary of State Edmund Muskie, and former National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft to serve as members. This commission was called the Tower Commission. Towards the end, the committee said that there was no evidence to say that Reagan had anything to do with the affair.


Maureen Reagan

Maureen Elizabeth Reagan (January 4, 1941 – August 8, 2001) was an American television and movie actress. She was the first child of Ronald Reagan and his first wife, Jane Wyman. Her brother was Michael Reagan (adopted). She also had a sister, Christine, who died shortly after birth. She also has a brother and sister from her father's second marriage, to Nancy Davis: Patti Davis and Ron Reagan.

Maureen Reagan died from melanoma in Granite Bay, California. She was aged 60.

Michael Reagan

Michael Edward Reagan (born John Flaugher; March 18, 1945) is an American radio show host. He is the adopted son of Ronald Reagan and Jane Wyman. He hosted the radio show "The Michael Reagan Talk Show".

He was born at Queen of Angels - Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center in Los Angeles, California to Irene Flaugher. 

He has studied at Loyola High School and Judson School, and Arizona State University and Los Angeles Valley College, He has doing four kinds of jobs, He would be sale-man by Hart Schaffner Marx on 1970s, And then He then became a director of special events catering at Michaelson Food Service Company in Los Angeles. Reagan has had small roles in movies and television shows since 1985, including "Falcon Crest" which starred his mother, Jane Wyman. 

In 1971 Reagan has married Pamela Gail Putnam (born 1952). She is the daughter of Duane Putnam, who was then the Atlanta Falcons football line coach. The couple divorced in 1972.
1975, Michael remarried to Colleen Sterns at The Church On The Way from The Foursquare Church, Their had two children is Cameron and Ashley by his marriage.

Patti Davis

Patti Davis (born October 21, 1952) is an American actress, model and author.

David was born at Cedar-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, She is youngest daughter of late U.S. President Ronald Reagan and Reagan's second wife, Nancy Reagan., She is have one brother Ron Reagan

Davis In 2013, she published a book called "Till Human Voices Wake Us".

Ron Reagan

Ronald Prescott "Ron" Reagan (born May 20, 1958) is an American political commentator. He presents his commentary on the radio. He currently works for MSNBC as a political analyst.

Reagan was born at Cerdar-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, He is youngest son of Ronald Reagan and Nancy Reagan, He had one sister Patti Davis.

Reagan is a Democrat and an atheist despite being the son of Republican President Ronald Reagan. His mother was Nancy Reagan. He is often incorrectly called Ronald Reagan Jr. or Ronald Reagan II. In 2011 he wrote a book on his father called "My Father at 100".

Eureka College

Eureka College is a Christian liberal arts college in the United States. It is in Eureka, Illinois. It was established in 1855. Abraham Lincoln once spoke on the campus of the college in 1856. Ronald Reagan graduated from the college in 1932. In 2010, Eureka College was made a national historic district by the National Park Service.

Lieutenant Governor of California

The lieutenant governor of California is a constitutional office in the executive branch of the U.S. state of California. It is the second highest-ranking official in the state government. The lieutenant governor ranks first in the gubernatorial line of succession and is also the officer of the legislative branch, president of the Senate and the presiding officer of the Senate.

Eleni Kounalakis is the 50th and current lieutenant governor of California, in office since January 2019.

The lieutenant governor presides as the president of the California State Senate and has all the powers of the governor to perform when the governor is out of the state. 

The lieutenant governor often signing or vetoing legislation, or making political appointments, whenever the governor leaves the state. The lieutenant governor only presides over the Senate when needed by the president pro tempore or in order to cast a tie-breaking vote.

The lieutenant governor also is in charge of duties such as higher education, natural resources, economic development.

Section 5 of the state's constitution states for a person to serve as governor must:


The lieutenant governor is elected by the people through the popular election to a four-year term, along with the gubernatorial candidate or the incumbent governor as their running mate. The gubernatorial candidate or incumbent governor must have the majority of the popular vote in order to win the election.

The lieutenant governor is first in the line of succession to become governor if the governor dies resigns, or is impeached from office.

Robert Finch (American politician)

Robert Hutchison Finch (October 9, 1925 - October 10, 1995) was an American politician. He was a Republican politician from La Canada Flintridge, California. He served as the Lieutenant Governor of California under the term of Ronald Reagan from 1967 to 1969.

He was born in Tempe, Arizona. He was the son of Robert L. Finch, a member of the Arizona House of Representatives.

Edwin Reinecke

Edwin "Ed" Reinecke (January 7, 1924 – December 24, 2016) was an American politician. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives. He also served under Ronald Reagan as the 39th Lieutenant Governor of California from 1969 to 1974.

Reinecke was born on January 7, 1924 in Medford, Oregon. He died on December 24, 2016 in Laguna Hills, California of natural causes, aged 92.


John L. Harmer

John Loren Harmer (April 28, 1934 – December 6, 2019) was an American politician. Harmer served in the California State Senate from 1966 to 1974. He was a member of the Republican Party. He served as the 40th Lieutenant Governor of California from 1974 to 1975. He was given the job by Governor Ronald Reagan, who was leaving office at the time.

Harmer wrote the book "Reagan: Man of Principle".

Harmer died on December 6, 2019 in Bountiful, Utah at the age of 85.

Pat Brown

Edmund Gerald "Pat" Brown, Sr. (April 21, 1905 – February 16, 1996) was an American politician. Brown served as the 32nd Governor of California from 1959 to 1967. He is the father of the 34th and 39th Governor of California, Jerry Brown. He was succeeded by Ronald Reagan as Governor, but Reagan was soon succeeded by Brown's son Jerry. Brown ran for President of the United States three times; in 1976, 1980 and in 1992.


Robert Montgomery

Robert Montgomery (May 21, 1904 – September 27, 1981) was an American actor and director. He was born in Beacon, New York. He starred in many movies, including "Night Must Fall". He died in New York City from cancer. He was cremated.

Howard Keel

Howard Clifford Keel (April 13, 1919 – November 7, 2004) was an American actor and singer. He was born in 1919. He starred in many movies, including "Man of La Mancha" and "Kiss Me, Kate". He died of colon cancer in 2004.

George Chandler

George Chandler (June 30, 1898 – June 10, 1985) was an American actor. He starred in many movies, including "The Fatal Glass of Bear" and in "Brother, Can You Spare a Dime?". He also starred in the 1954 television series "Lassie".

Chandler was born in Waukegan, Illinois. He served in the United States Army during World War II. In his early career, he was a vaudeville performer.

Chandler's first movie appearance was in 1928. In 1960, Chandler was elected president of the Screen Actors Guild.

Chandler died in Los Angeles from complications of cancer-related surgery on June 10, 1985, aged 86.

1986 United States bombing of Libya

The bombing of Libya by the United States in 1986 was codenamed Operation El Dorado Canyon. It was a series of airstrikes against Libya on 15 April 1986 ordered by President Ronald Reagan. The attack was made by the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy and the U.S. Marine Corps. It was in response to the bombing of a discotheque in Berlin, West Germany. It was reported that 40 Libyans were killed. One U.S. plane was shot down, killing two soldiers.

Century City

Century City is a small city west of Los Angeles, in the United States. It is next to Beverly Hills. About 5,900 people live here.

Ghazi Mashal Ajil al-Yawer

Ghazi Mashal Ajil al-Yawar (, born 1958) is an Iraqi politician. He was the Vice President of Iraq from 2005 to 2006. He then served as President of Iraq from 2004 to 2005.

Lesley Stahl

Lesley Rene Stahl (born December 16, 1941) is an American television journalist. Since 1991, she has reported for CBS on "60 Minutes".

Stahl was born in Lynn, Massachusetts. She was raised in Swampscott, Massachusetts.


Edith Windsor

Edith "Edie" Windsor (née Schlain; June 20, 1929 – September 12, 2017) was an American lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights activist and a former technology manager at IBM.

Windsor was the lead plaintiff in the Supreme Court of the United States case "United States v. Windsor", which successfully overturned Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act and was considered a landmark legal victory for the same-sex marriage movement in the United States.

Windsor died in Manhattan, New York on September 12, 2017 at the age of 88.

Windsor was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to James and Celia Schlain, a Russian Jewish immigrant family of modest means. She was the youngest of three children. During her childhood, her family suffered as a result of the Great Depression, and her father lost both his candy-and-ice-cream store and their home above it. In school, she at times experienced anti-Semitism. Throughout school, she dated boys her age, but said later she recalls having crushes on girls.

Windsor received her bachelor's degree from Temple University in 1950. In 1955, she began pursuing a master's degree in mathematics, which she obtained from New York University in 1957. She then joined IBM, where she worked for the next sixteen years. During this time, she spent two semesters studying applied mathematics at Harvard University on an IBM fellowship.


Flag of Ecuador

The national flag of Ecuador was created in September 1860.

It has three horizontal bands in light yellow, blue and red. In the center it features an eagle over the Seal of Ecuador.

Flag of Chicago

The flag of Chicago was created in 1917 by Wallace Rice. Stars were added to the flag in 1933 and 1939.

It has five horizontal bands. The first, third and last are white and the second and fourth are light blue. There are four stars in the middle in which each represents an important event in the city's history.

In a review by the North American Vexillological Association of 150 American city flags, the Chicago city flag was ranked second best with a rating of 9.03 out of 10, behind only the flag of Washington, D.C.


Flag of Illinois

The flag of Illinois was adopted in 1915. The flag has the state seal of Illinois surrounded by white. This original design was changed in 1961 to add the name of the state at the bottom of the flag.

Flag of Vatican City

The national flag of the Vatican City is also the flag of the Holy See. It was created in 1929 as a direct order from Pope Pius XI.

It has two vertical stripes in light yellow and white. The original flag had yellow and red stripes. The flag also features the Vatican City's coat of arms.

St Peter's College, Oxford

St Peter's College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. The college was founded in 1929. It became a full college of the University in 1961.

The college is located on the site of the former New Hall Inn. Its oldest buildings are Linden House (1794) and Canal House (1828). Both were former headquarters of the Oxford Canal Company.

Somerville College, Oxford

Somerville College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1879 as a women's college. The college was named after Mary Somerville, a prominent scientist, mathematician and astronomer. Somerville supported women's suffrage and education. The college first admitted male students in 1994.

Famous graduates of the college include Anthea Bell, Indira Gandhi, Sam Gyimah, Dorothy Hodgkin, Iris Murdoch and Margaret Thatcher.

William Mapother

William Reibert Mapother, Jr. (; born April 17, 1965) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Ethan Rom on the television series "Lost".

Mapother was born in Louisville, Kentucky. He is the son of Louisa (née Riehm) and William Reibert Mapother, Sr. He is of English, Irish, and mostly German ancestry.

He is a first cousin of actor Tom Cruise, whose real name is Thomas Cruise Mapother IV. Mapother has appeared in five movies starring Cruise. He had tiny roles in "Minority Report" and "Vanilla Sky", and supporting roles in "", "Born on the Fourth of July" and "Magnolia". Mapother has two sisters, Katherine and Amy. His father was a lawyer and judge in Louisville, between 1967 and 1970. His father died on June 22, 2006.

Mapother graduated from the University of Notre Dame. He majored in English. Then, he taught high school in East Los Angeles for three years before becoming an actor.

Mapother has become widely known as a character actor. He sometimes plays scary or otherwise dark characters. He played an important role in Todd Field's "In the Bedroom". Mapother is more widely known as Ethan Rom in the TV show "Lost". The character was killed early in the first season. Since then, however, he has appeared in seven episodes mainly through flashbacks, once due to time travel and another in an alternate timeline. In total, he appeared in eleven episodes of "Lost".

Mapother has also had major roles in several independent movies, such as "The Lather Effect", "Moola", "Hurt" and "Another Earth". Mapother starred in "The Burrowers" as a Native American fighter who joins a posse to help find missing white settlers, only to discover that the hunters have become the hunted.

In September 2007, he was elected to a three-year term on the National Board of Directors for the Screen Actors Guild.


PopMatters

PopMatters is an online magazine about popular culture. It was started in 1999 by Sarah Zupko. "PopMatters" publishes reviews, interviews, and essays about music, television, movies, books, video games, comics, sports, and the internet.

Rachel Lloyd

Rachel Lloyd (born 1975) is an English activist against sex trafficking. Lloyd moved to the United States in 1997. In 1998 she started the Girls Educational and Mentoring Services. A documentary was made about it called "Very Young Girls". It was released in 2007. In 2011 her book " Girls Like Us: Fighting for a World Where Girls Are Not for Sale, an Activist Finds Her Calling and Heals Herself" was published.

Lloyd was born in Portsmouth. She left school when she was 13 to work. She tried to kill herself three times. When she was 17 years old, she moved to Germany. She worked there as a prostitute for two years. When her pimp tried to kill her, she went to a church to live. Lloyd moved to the United States in 1997. She went back to school and got a General Educational Diploma. Then she went to university. There she got a Master’s degree in urban anthropology. 

Death of Mark Duggan

Mark Duggan, a 29-year-old who lived in Tottenham, north London, was shot in Tottenham by a Metropolitan Police officer on 4 August 2011. Police had been trying to arrest Duggan because he had been carrying a handgun and they thought he was planning to shoot someone. Duggan died at the scene from a bullet wound to his chest. The 2011 England riots started on 6 August 2011 because some criminals used Duggan's death as an excuse to burgle shops and set fire to things. They lasted until 11 August 2011. Five people were killed.

On 31 January 2013, Kevin Hutchinson-Foster was found guilty of giving Duggan a gun and was sent to prison.

An inquest into Duggan's death began on 16 September 2013. On 8 January 2014 a jury decided that his death was a lawful killing. It was decided that it was lawful because the police officer who shot Duggan told the jury he believed that Duggan was holding a gun and was going to shoot it. Witness B said that Duggan was not holding a gun. He said that Duggan was holding a mobile phone. There was a gun in a sock 10–14 feet away from where Duggan was shot. The sock and the gun did not have Duggan's DNA on them. Duggan's family were angry about the jury's verdict.

On 11 January there was a vigil for Duggan outside Tottenham police station. Hundreds of prostesters were there.

There was tension between black people and the police in Tottenham before and since the Broadwater Farm riot in 1985.

Duggan was born on 15 September 1981 to a white mother, Pamela Duggan, and a black father, Bruno Hall. He grew up in Broadwater Farm. At age 13, he left home to live with one of his maternal aunts in Manchester. Duggan had three children with his partner Semone Wilson at the time of his death, as well as three other children by other women.

After his death police and other people said that he was a drug dealer. His family and friends said that he was not. Tony Thompson of the "London Evening Standard" wrote that Duggan may have been one of the first members of North London's "Star Gang". Duggan's family said that "He was not a gang member and he had no criminal record." Duggan had been convicted of having cannabis in 2000 and having things that he knew had been stolen in 2007. "The Daily Mail" said that he had also been arrested many times. The things he was arrested for included the murder of Gavin Smith and attempted murder. He was not charged with the murder of Smith because there was not enough evidence.

In March 2011 Duggan's cousin had been stabbed to death at a nightclub. Some people said that this made Duggan want to carry a gun.

Duggan was under investigation by Operation Trident. "Trident have jammed me," he wrote in a text message minutes before his death.

Officers of the Metropolitan Police Service stopped a cab that was carrying Duggan as a passenger at about 6:15pm on 4 August 2011. They did this because they had been told that Duggan had a gun. A firearms officer said that Duggan got out of the cab and pulled a gun from his waistband. He then ran away. Police shot him twice. An eyewitness said that Duggan "was shot while he was pinned to the floor by police." Paramedics came, but he died before he could be taken to hospital. A 9mm gun was found 10–14 feet away from where Duggan was shot on the other side of the fence. Witnesses told the IPCC that they saw police throw the gun over the fence.

Police waited a day and a half to tell Duggan's family to tell them that Duggan was dead.

The 2011 riots started with the peaceful protest of Duggan's death.
At about 5:30pm on 6 August 2011, Duggan's family and people living in the area marched from Broadwater Farm to Tottenham Police Station. They chanted "we want answers". Around 8pm a 16-year-old girl was beaten by police with a baton. A witness said that she had thrown something at the police. Around 8:20pm members of a crowd waiting to speak to a police officer set fire to two police cars. The next day people rioted in other areas of London. Most of the rioters were young men. On August 9 a man died after being shot in Croydon on August 8. On August 10 three men were killed in a hit-and-run. A man died on 8 August from injuries from an attack by a mob. By 15 August 2011, about 3,100 people had been arrested.

Duggan's death quickly became a big news story. Duggan was called a 'gangster' and a 'thug' by the "Daily Mail". On September 8 2011 an article by Martin Samuda, a friend of Duggan, was published in "The Guardian". Duggan's brother Shaun Hall also wrote an article for "The Guardian" in September 2013 which said that Duggan's family did not trust the police anymore.

On 9 September 2011 there was a funeral for Duggan. Thousands of people were there.

In 2012 Duggan's father died from cancer.

A public inquest into Duggan's death started on 16 September 2013. The jury learned that Duggan had been killed by a 9mm hollow-point round. A hollow-point bullet. Two witnesses said that they saw a police officer move something from the minicab to the place where the gun was found. Duggan's lawyers argued that police had put the gun found near where Duggan was killed there to make Duggan's killing look lawful. The officer who killed Duggan said Duggan was still holding a gun when both shots were fired. 9 of the jury decided that Mark Duggan threw the firearm on to the grass.

On 11 December 2013 students protested outside the Royal Courts of Justice during the inquest.

On 8 January 2014 the jury decided that Duggan's death had been a lawful killing. People living in Tottenham said that there may be more riots because of this.

Prince of Condé

The title of Prince of Condé was a title used in France while the country was a monarchy For example prior to 1793. The holder of the title was a member of the extended royal family and therefore held the rank and further title of prince of the blood and the style of Serene Highness but the style was only used when in writing. The holder of the title also held the important further rank of First Prince of the blood. The heir was usually given the title of Duke of Bourbon and at other times the Duke of Enghien. The title was "only" to be inherited by the male line as females were expelled from to succeeding to titles. The title existed for almost two centuries and during that time the prince was one of the highest ranking prince behind that of the actual royal family.

Over the years the princes were used to make political and financial marriages with member of the wealthy French nobility as well as princesses of other European ruling houses. The prince was a member of the French House of Bourbon.


Princes and princesses of this line of the House of Bourbon are often "incorrectly" surnamed as "Bourbon-Condé". Which is incorrect. Their surname was just "de Bourbon".


Tom O'Carroll

Thomas Victor O'Carroll (born 1945) is an Irish writer. He is an activist for pedophiles. He lives in Cumbria. 

In 1980 O'Carroll's first book, "Paedophilia: The Radical Case", was published. In the book, O'Carroll talks about his own experiences as a pedophile and about how sex between children and adults is not wrong. The book was taken off Amazon in 2010.
In June 2010 "Michael Jackson's Dangerous Liaisons", a book he wrote about Michael Jackson was published under a pen name.

O'Carroll was first jailed in 1981 for the contact ads in the Paedophile Information Exchange's magazine. In August 2002, O'Carroll was imprisoned for nine months, and jailed again in 2006 for two and a half years for having child pornography.

École Polytechnique massacre

The École Polytechnique Massacre, known also as the Montreal massacre was a school shooting on December 6, 1989. It took place at the École Polytechnique de Montréal, an engineering school and faculty that is affiliated with the Université de Montréal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

Marc Lépine, a twenty-five year old, shot 28 people and killed 15 people as well as himself (suicide). The shooter targeted women in the attack and said that he was "fighting feminism" and called the women "a bunch of feminists".

He entered the building sometime at 4 p.m. on December 6, 1989 with a Ruger Mini-14 rifle and hunting knife. After he entered a second floor mechanical engineering class of about sixty students at about 5:10 p.m., he approached a student that was giving a presentation. He ordered that everyone stop what they were doing and both men and women to go to opposite sides of the classroom. Nobody moved at first, believing it to be a joke until he fired a shot into the ceiling. He killed six women and wounded three others there.

After that, he moved to the second floor corridor and wounded three other students before he entered another room where he tried to shoot a female student twice but failed. He reloaded the gun in the emergency staircase and tried to enter the room that he left but the students locked the door. He attempted to unlock it with three gunshots but failed. He moved through the corridor where he shot wounded a student. He went to the financial services office and shot and killed a woman through the window of a door she had locked.

He went down the stairs to the first floor cafeteria which had around a hundred people in it. He shot a woman standing near the kitchens and wounded another student. After hearing the gunshots, everyone scattered. He killed two more women after finding them hiding. 

He went up the escalator to the third floor shooting and wounding three students in the corridor. After entering a classroom where a presentation was being held, he shot at the front row and killed two women who were trying to escape. He shot three more female students and killed another. After hearing Maryse Leclair, a student he had shot, ask for help, he took out his hunting knife and stabbed her three times, killing her. He then took off his hat, wrapped his jacket around the gun, said "ah shit," and then killed himself.

Ezra Miller

Ezra Matthew Miller (born September 30, 1992) is an American actor of Jewish descent. They played Patrick in the 2012 movie "The Perks of Being a Wallflower". For the role they won the Boston Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actor.

Miller appeared in the 2016 movie "" as The Flash. They played the role again on "Suicide Squad", the 2017 movie "Justice League" and in their own 2023 movie.

Miller portrayed Credence Barebone in the 2016 movie "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them".

Miller came out as queer in 2012.

5 Tracks

5 Tracks is second EP by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in May 2003. It was his first album on EMI Records label. Song called "Wilderness Approaching" features in the Ramin Niami movie "Paris" (2003).

All songs written by John Cale.

British Armed Forces

The British Armed Forces are the armed forces of the United Kingdom. They are officially called His Majesty's Armed Forces and sometimes called the Armed Forces of the Crown. The British Armed Forces are made up of three parts: the British Army, the Royal Navy (including the Royal Marines) and the Royal Air Force.

The Commander-in-Chief of the British Armed Forces is the British monarch. Members of the British Armed Forces must swear allegiance that they will obey the orders of the monarch. Under the constitution of the United Kingdom, the armed forces controlled by the Crown, but because of the 1689 Bill of Rights, the British may not have an army during peacetime unless the British Parliament allows it. However, the British Parliament now passes an Armed Forces Act every five years as a formality. The British Prime Minister is the "de facto" commander of the British Armed Forces,<ref name="United Kingdom 05/06"></ref> which are managed by the Ministry of Defence.

The British Armed Forces protect the United Kingdom, the British overseas territories and the Crown dependencies and take part in United Nations peacekeeping missions NATO missions. The most recent wars in which the British Armed Forces have fought are the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, peacekeeping in Operation Palliser in Sierra Leone, peacekeeping in the Balkans and Cyprus and defending the no-fly zone over Libya. The British Armed Forces have bases in the following places: Ascension Island, Belize, Brunei, Canada, Diego Garcia, the Falkland Islands, Germany, Gibraltar, Kenya, Qatar and the Sovereign Base Areas in Cyprus.

The United Kingdom tested its first nuclear weapon in Operation Hurricane in 1952. , Britain is one of the five recognised nuclear powers and has around 225 nuclear warheads, which are controlled by the Royal Navy.

Christina Onassis

Christina Onassis (December 11, 1950 – November 19, 1988) was a Greek-Argentine businesswoman and socialite. She was the heiress to the Onassis family fortune. She was the only daughter of Aristotle Onassis, a wealthy shipping businessman, and Athina Livanos.

Onassis was born at LeRoy Sanitarium in New York City, United States, but she gave up her American citizenship. She had a brother, Alexander Onassis. Her daughter, by Thierry Roussel, is Athina Onassis Roussel (named after Christina's mother). Christina died in Buenos Aires from a heart attack. She was aged 37. Her heart attack was caused by pulmonary edema.

Athina Onassis

Athina Onassis Roussel (alternate: Athina Onassis de Miranda; born 28 January 1985) is a French-Greek heiress. Her grandfather was Aristotle Onassis, a wealthy shipping businessman. She is his only living descendant. Her mother was Christina Onassis. Athina inherited her great grandfather's fortune when her mother died in 1988.

Roussel was born at American Hospital of Paris in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France. She is the eldest of Thierry Roussel's four children. She is a horse rider.

Arrogance

Arrogance (also called hubris) indicates strong pride or acting extremely self-important. In particular, a loss of contact with reality and overestimating one's own competence or capability.

It is when you try to reason out or state your case over a traffic violation to an enforcer - only in the Philippines.

Arrogance is also associated with lack of humility and love toward oneself. Examples include making oneself far more important than others or superiority. Children raised around arrogance may be arrogant themselves.

Arrogance is usually detrimental and fosters a negative-minded culture. Some sources, however, also indicate arrogance means taking and receiving pride with one's work.

Arrogance is different from confidence. Arrogance may be associated with insecurity. Confidence has an association with improving and examining one's own weaknesses.

Hubris is the ancient Greek concept. It is similar to arrogance, but is usually translated as "pride". Because their societies were more concerned with honour, it works out as somewhat different from arrogance. To understand it fully one needs to work through the Greek passages where it is used, which is beyond our scope. For example, the use of force to shame someone would have been considered hubris.


Steven Yeun

Steven Yeun (born December 21, 1983) is a South Korean,American actor, voice actor and Singer. He is most well known for his role as "Glenn" in the AMC original series "The Walking Dead". Yeun was born in Seoul, South Korea and grew up in Troy, Michigan. Along with "The Walking Dead", he has acted in multiple movies and television series, such as "The Big Bang Theory" and "The Lemons Show".

In 2021, he was nominated for an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award.

Dawson College shooting

The Dawson College shooting was a school shooting on September 13, 2006. It took place at the Dawson College in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

Kimveer Gill, a twenty-five year old Indo-Canadian, shot 20 people and killed 1 person as well as himself (suicide) after being shot in the arm by a police officer.

Gill had a Vampirefreaks.com profile and mentioned the song "À Tout le Monde" by thrash metal band Megadeth on the day of the shooting. News outlets blamed Megadeth for the shooting. Later in 2006, Megadeth performed a live concert in Montreal and responded to the blame they and their music received. Lead singer and guitarist Dave Mustaine said to the crowd:

Mustaine was also interviewed by CBC News before Megadeth's concert and said :

Gill drove to the college campus and parked his car. Bystanders saw that Gill took weapons out of his trunk. He took a person as a hostage and forced him to carry a bag which had a fourth gun and more ammunition in it. Gill shot at students that were outside on the steps of the college near the rear entrance. The hostage ran away with Gill's bag and hid it. 

Gill entered the school and went to the cafeteria. He walked to the corner of the room and shot students that were standing in front of him. He ordered the students to lie on the floor and shot at more students. Two police officers that were visiting the school at the time because of an unrelated incident rushed to the cafeteria after hearing the gunfire. More officers surrounded the college and Gill took two more people hostage. Officer Denis Côté shot him in the arm and Gill killed himself. The officers tried to bring him back to life but they failed.

Crisis hotline

Crisis hotlines are telephone numbers that people can call to get urgent and immediate counseling. Since the 1970s, most areas around the United States have had these lines. The lines were originally for suicides or stopping suicide. Now they also deal with family abuse, emotional troubles, and depression. There are also special text and call lines especially for teenagers.

In the United States, the first crisis help line began in 1958; the Los Angeles Suicide Prevention Center. It used trained voluneers to answer calls 24 hours a day. San Francisco Suicide Prevention started a hotline "Call Bruce" in 1962.

A similar service, Lifeline, was started in Australia in 1963.

Lifelink Samaritans Tas. Inc, began in Launceston, Tasmania in 1968. It was started as a way to help people in emotional pain that could not talk with family and friends.
It answered calls 24 hours a day throughout the country of Tasmania.

Boys Town

Boys Town is an American non-profit organization based in Boys Town, Nebraska. It used to be called Girls and Boys Town and Father Flanagan's Home for Boys.

The original Boys Town organization was an orphanage that was established in December 1917 by Edward J. Flanagan. It has since expanded into twelve regions across the United States, including Louisiana, Nevada and the Northeastern United States.

Boys Town, Nebraska

Boys Town is a village in eastern Nebraska. It is a suburb of Omaha. The population was 410 at the 2020 census, down from 745 at the 2010 census. The Boys Town organization was established here.

Selçuk Uluergüven

Selçuk Uluergüven (1 January 1941 – 8 January 2014) was a Turkish actor. He appeared in over 80 movies and many television and stage roles. Uluergüven began his theatre career in 1962, at Meydan Stage in Ankara.

Uluergüven died on 8 January 2014 in Aydın, Turkey. He was 73.


Dale T. Mortensen

Dale Thomas Mortensen (February 2, 1939 – January 9, 2014) was an American economist. He received his Bachelor of Arts in economics from Willamette University and his PhD in Economics from Carnegie Mellon University.

Mortensen was born in Enterprise, Oregon on February 2, 1939.

He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2010. He won the award with Christopher A. Pissarides from the London School of Economics and Peter A. Diamond from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. They were awarded it for "their analysis of markets with search frictions".

Mortensen died on January 9, 2014 from a stroke and cancer. He died at his home in Wilmette, Illinois. He was aged 74.


Josep Maria Castellet

Josep Maria Castellet Díaz de Cossío (15 December 1926 – 9 January 2014), also known as José María Castellet, was an Spanish writer, poet, critic, publisher and editor.

Castellet was born in Barcelona on 15 December 1926. He began his career in writing in 1955. He wrote novels and poetry in both Catalan and Spanish. His last novel was published in 2012.

Castellet died on 9 January 2014 from pneumonia. He was aged 87. He died in his hometown of Barcelona.

Wilmette, Illinois

Wilmette is a village in Cook County, Illinois. It is north from Chicago. About 28,000 people live here. The village was established in 1872.

Trinity College, Oxford

Trinity College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1555 by Thomas Pope. Pope purchased the buildings of the former Durham College, which dated from 1286, to house the college. The oldest surviving building at the college is the Old Library, which was built in 1421. 

Albert I of Belgium

Albert I (April 8, 1875 – February 17, 1934) reigned as King of the Belgians from 1909 to 1934. This was an eventful period in the history of Belgium. It included the period of World War I (1914-1918). 

Knute Rockne, All American

Knute Rockne, All American is an American biographical drama movie. It is directed by Lloyd Bacon and William K. Howard. The movie was based on the early career of Knute Rockne. It stars Pat O'Brien, Gale Page, and Ronald Reagan. It was released on October 4, 1940.

Love Is on the Air

Love Is on the Air is an American crime drama movie. It is directed by Nick Grinde. It was Ronald Reagan's first movie. The movie also stars June Travis, Hal B. Wallis, and Jack L. Warner. It was released on October 2, 1937. 

Kings Row

Kings Row is an American drama movie. It is directed by Sam Wood and produced by Hal B. Wallis. It stars Ann Sheridan, Robert Cummings, and Ronald Reagan. It was released on February 2, 1942.

The Voice of the Turtle

The Voice of the Turtle is an American romantic comedy movie. It is directed by Irving Rapper. It stars Ronald Reagan and Eleanor Parker. It was released on December 25, 1947.

John Loves Mary

John Loves Mary is an American romance movie. It is directed by David Butler. It stars Ronald Reagan, Patricia Neal and Jack Carson. It was released on February 19, 1949.

The Hasty Heart

The Hasty Heart is a British-American romantic comedy movie. It is directed by Vincent Sherman. It stars Richard Todd, Patricia Neal, and Ronald Reagan. It was released on December 2, 1949.

Dimebag Darrell

Darrell Lance Abbott (August 20, 1966 – December 8, 2004), also called Diamond Darrell and Dimebag Darrell, was an American heavy metal musician. He was best known for performing with the bands Pantera and Damageplan. He was #92 in "Rolling Stone" magazine's 100 Greatest Guitarists and #1 in the magazine "Metal Hammer".

On the night of December 8, 2004, he was shot dead on stage while performing with Damageplan at the Alrosa Villa in Columbus, Ohio. The suspect, Nathan Gale, fatally shoots three other people and injured seven others. Police officer, James Niggemeyer shot Gale to death after the attack.

On February 28th, 2015, someone said that the site where Darrell Abbott's dead body was buried at Moore Memorial Gardens Cemetery was damaged. It is suspected but not proven that American heavy metal music group Nuclear Hellfrost from Fort Wayne, Indiana damaged the site. Pantera told law enforcement about this, who are trying to find answers.

Close to 4:12 P.M. (Central Standard Time) on February 28th, Nuclear Hellfrost said on Facebook that their former lead singer damaged the site by himself without the other members of the group.

Cattle Queen of Montana

Cattle Queen of Montana is an American Western movie. It is directed by Allan Dwan. It stars Barbara Stanwyck and Ronald Reagan. The supporting cast includes Gene Evans, Jack Elam, Chubby Johnson, and Morris Ankrum. It was released on November 18, 1954.

Tennessee's Partner

Tennessee's Partner is an American western movie. It is directed by Allan Dwan. It stars John Payne, Ronald Reagan, Rhonda Fleming, and Coleen Gray. It was released on September 1, 1955.

The Killers (1964 movie)

The Killers is an American crime-drama movie. It is directed by Don Siegel. The story is based on a book by Ernest Hemingway. It stars Lee Marvin, Angie Dickinson, Clu Gulager, John Cassavetes, and Ronald Reagan. This was Reagan's last movie. It was composed by John Williams. It was released on July 7, 1964.

Robert Cummings

Charles Clarence Robert Orville Cummings (June 9, 1910 – December 2, 1990) was an American television and movie actor. He starred in many television programs and lots of movies in the 1940s and 1950s. He was born in Joplin, Missouri.

On December 2, 1990, Cummings died of kidney failure and complications from pneumonia. He died at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California.


Susan Hayward

Susan Hayward (30 June 1917 — 14 March 1975) was an American actress. Her original name was Edythe Marrenner. She began her career as a fashion model in New York City. She began acting in Hollywood in 1937. She played Janice Blair in "And Now Tomorrow". For her role as Lillian Roth in the movie "I'll Cry Tomorrow", she received a Best Actress Award at the Cannes Film Festival.

Hayward was born in Brooklyn, New York. She died of brain cancer at age 57. Hayward was born the same day as singer Lena Horne.


With a Song in My Heart

With a Song in My Heart is a musical biographical movie. It was released in 1952. The story is about the life of Jane Froman, who was paralyzed in an airplane crash in 1943. The cast includes Thelma Ritter, Susan Hayward and Robert Wagner.

The movie won the Academy Award for Original Music Score and a Golden Globe Award for best musical/comedy picture.

Jane Froman

Jane Froman (November 10, 1907 – April 22, 1980) was an American singer and actress. She acted in several movies, such as "Kissing Time" and "Radio City Rebels". She hosted her own television show "The Jane Froman Show" from 1952 to 1955.

In February 1953, Froman was in an airplane crash. She was badly injured and crippled. After this she had to use crutches to walk.

Froman was born in the St. Louis suburb of University City, Missouri. She died from cardiac arrest, in Columbia, Missouri. She was aged 72.

Madelyn Lee Payne

Madelyn Lee Payne Dunham ( ; October 26, 1922 – November 2, 2008) was the grandmother of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States. Her daughter was Obama mother's, Ann Dunham. Madelyn and her husband Stanley Armour Dunham raised Obama from age ten in their apartment in Honolulu, Hawaii. She died two days before her grandson was elected President.

Madelyn Lee Payne was born in Peru, Kansas. She was the eldest of four children. Her younger brother was Charles T. Payne. Their parents were Rolla Charles "R.C." Payne (August 23, 1892 – October 15, 1968) and Leona Belle (McCurry) Payne (May 7, 1897 – March 22, 1968). In Barack Obama's memoir, "Dreams From My Father", he describes them as "stern Methodist parents who did not believe in drinking, playing cards or dancing." She moved with her parents to Augusta, Kansas at the age of three. Madelyn was one of the best students at Augusta High School. She graduated from there in 1940.

Madelyn died in Hawaii, on November 2, 2008. It was two days before the presidential election. Obama's campaign team announced that she had died "peacefully" after suffering from cancer. At a rally in Charlotte, North Carolina on November 3, Obama said, "She was one of those quiet heroes that we have all across America. They're not famous. Their names are not in the newspapers, but each and every day they work hard. They aren't seeking [fame]. All they try to do is just do the right thing." Dunham's absentee vote, received by the election office on October 27, was included in Hawaii's total vote count.

A private funeral was held on December 23, 2008, at the First Unitarian Church of Honolulu. Obama and his sister Maya scattered their grandmother's ashes in the ocean at Lanai Lookout. It was the same spot where they had scattered their mother's ashes in 1995. Obama was staying at Plantation Estate at the time.

Swedish Alliance Mission

The Swedish Alliance Mission ("SAM", ) is a Christian denomination in Sweden. It is mainly based in the town of Jönköping. In 2009 the denomination had 13,448 members. within 167 congregations both inside and outside Sweden.

The denomination was created in 1919 from a merger of Jönköping Mission Society, the Jönköping Circle Christian Youth Association and the Scandinavian Alliance Mission in Sweden.


United Methodist Church of Sweden

The United Methodist Church of Sweden () was a Christian denomination in Sweden. It existed between 1868 and 2012. It contributed towards the creation of the Uniting Church in Sweden. According to a report from 2009, the denomination had 6,436 members.


Baptist Union of Sweden

The Baptist Union of Sweden () was a Baptist denomination in Sweden. In 2012, it participated in creating the Uniting Church in Sweden.


Broadwater Farm

Broadwater Farm is an area in Tottenham in North London. It is often simply called "The Farm". Between 3800 and 4000 people live there. In 1985 the Broadwater Farm riot happened there. After this some people left Broadwater Farm. About 70% of the people who live there are ethnic minorities. 39 languages are spoken there.

When the Tigers Broke Free

"When the Tigers Broke Free" is a song by Pink Floyd featured in the musical movie "Pink Floyd - The Wall". It is about the main character, Pink, remembering the death of his father in World War II's Operation Shingle in Anzio, Italy. In 2004, a new version of the song was released on "The Final Cut".

Chandler Riggs

Chandler Riggs is an American actor. He is most well known for his role on the AMC original series "The Walking Dead", as Carl Grimes. He was born in June 27, 1999 in Atlanta, Georgia. Along with his role in "The Walking Dead", he has starred in several other movies such as "Get Low" and "Mercy". Chandler has been nominated for "Best Child Actor" in both 2012 and 2013.

Myliobatiformes

Myliobatiformes is one of the four groups of batoids. It is made up of cartilaginous fishes. They are related to the shark family. They were recently re-classified as part of the monophyletic group, after being part of the Rajiformes group. Another relative to Myliobatiformes is the common form of skates.


Celtic shields

Celtic shields were used in battle by the Celts and other ancient tribes as their main weapon for defense. They are often found in Iron Age male burial sites. The Witham shield and the Battersea shield are two of the most well-known Celtic shields.

Celtic shields were usually oval or elongated oval in shape. They could also be round or hexagon shaped. On the front was usually a hollow wood shield to protect the hand. The boss was usually elongated to make the shield stronger and was sometimes covered by a metal plate. On the inside of the boss hole was a handle to hold the shield. The shields were made of wood, usually oak or linden (also called lime). Most often they were covered with leather.

Battle shields were often individually decorated with various symbols. They were designed to be both light and strong. Celts used their shields defensively but also as an offensive weapon. A favorite tactic of a Celtic warrior was to strike the enemy with his shield. The Celts in Britain used smaller shields in battle while continental Celts used larger shields. Shields sometimes shattered in combat and were an expendable item. 

Celtic shields have been found in the River Thames at Battersea. Some were also found in Lincolnshire in the River Witham. They were covered with thin sheets of metal with Celtic designs embossed on them. They were larger, but like others constructed of wood. These were clearly for use in ceremonies and not designed for battle.

Aït Benhaddou

Aït Benhaddou is a fortified city along the caravan route between the Sahara and Marrakech, in Morocco. Today, very few people live in the city. Most have moved to more modern cities. It has been an ideal place for movies to be filmed due to its scenery and lack of people. Many famous movies were shot there, including "Marco Polo", "The Mummy", and "Prince of Persia".

Mary Daly

Mary Daly (October 16, 1928 – January 3, 2010) was an American radical feminist philosopher. Daly taught classes at Boston College from 1967 to 1999. Daly argued that instead of a patriarchy we should have a matriarchy. Her first book, "The Church and the Second Sex", was published in 1968. 

Daly died when she was 81 years old. Daly was the dissertation adviser of Janice Raymond.

Erwarton

Erwarton or Arwarton, commonly called Shop Corner, is a village in Suffolk, England, on the Shotley Peninsula. It is a civil parish, and has a population of around 150 people.

My Story (R. Kelly song)

"My Story" is a song by R&B singer R. Kelly. It was the first single on his studio album "Black Panties", released in 2013. The song charted at number #89 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.

Hugh Dowding

Hugh Dowding (24 April 1882 – 15 February 1970) was a British officer in the Royal Air Force during World War II. He was the commander of RAF Fighter Command during the Battle of Britain. He played a very important role in Britain's defence, and hence, the defeat of Hitler's plan to invade Britain.

Alexander Kerensky

Alexander Kerensky (4 May 1881 in Ulyanovsk – 11 June 1970) was a major political leader before and during the Russian Revolution. Kerensky served as the Second Prime Minister of the Russian Provisional Government until it was overthrown by the Bolsheviks under Vladimir Lenin in the October Revolution. He spent the rest of his life in exile. He died in New York City in 1970 at the age of 89.

Ralph Bunche

Ralph Bunche (7 August 1903 – 9 December 1971) was an American political scientist and diplomat. He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1950. He won it for leading peace talks in Palestine in the late 1940s. He was the first African American person to win the prize.

Bunche was involved in the formation and administration of the United Nations. In 1963, he was awarded the Medal of Freedom by President John F. Kennedy. For more than 20 years, Bunche served as chairman of the Department of Political Science at Howard University (1928 to 1950). He also taught at the university. He served as a member of the Board of Overseers of Harvard Univesity (1960–1965) from which he had. He also served as a member of the board of the Institute of International Education and as a trustee of Oberlin College, Lincoln University, and New Lincoln School.

Relish

A relish is a cooked, chopped, or pickled vegetable or fruit.

Relish originated in India, and has spread worldwide. Although it is used as an ingredient in many different dishes in India, it is mainly used as a condiment in most other countries. This use has made it one of the world's largest selling condiments. It is mainly used on hot dogs and hamburgers.


Takanori Nishikawa

Takanori Nishikawa (born September 19, 1970) is a Japanese singer and actor. He performs as T.M.Revolution. T.M.Revolution were the first group to be signed to Tofu Records. Nishikawa has released 8 studio albums. He first acted in the television series "Beautiful Life" in 2000.

Nishikawa was born in Hikone, Shiga and moved to Yasu, Shiga when he was young.

Entronque de Herradura

Entronque de Herradura is a village in the western province of Pinar del Río, Cuba. It is one of the 13 villages of the municipality Consolación del Sur. It covers 59.84 km². It was founded in 1907.

Captain EO

Captain EO is an American-British short 3D science fiction movie. It is 17 minutes long. It is about an astronaut and hero called "Captain EO". He is played by Michael Jackson. Anjelica Huston plays the alien villain called the "Supreme Leader". The executive producer was George Lucas and the movie director was Francis Ford Coppola (who came up with the name "Captain EO" from Eos, the Greek goddess of dawn). "Captain EO" is one of the first 4D movies. The movie played at Disneyland and Epcot. In 1996 "Captain EO" was shown on MTV. This is the only time it was shown on television. It has never been released on video or DVD. The movie can be watched on the internet from video sharing websites such as YouTube.

Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix

Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix is a remix album by Michael Jackson. It was released on May 20, 1997 by Epic Records. It has sold six million copies. Three singles were released from the album. It is the best-selling remix album ever. The album has five new songs. Tracks six to thirteen are remixes of songs from Jackson's album "HIStory".

"Blood on the Dance Floor" was released as the album's first single. It reached number one in the UK, Spain, and Denmark. "HIStory/Ghosts" was released as the second single. "Is It Scary" was released as the third single. Jackson wrote the song for the 1993 film "Addams Family Values".

The second song on the album, "Morphine", includes Jackson saying 'demerol' many times. Demerol is a drug that was found in Jackson's body after he died.

Paris Lees

Paris Lees is a British journalist and activist for transgender rights. She is a bisexual trans woman. She is an editor for "META" magazine. She has written for newspapers including "The Independent", "The Guardian", and "The Daily Telegraph". She works with Trans Media Watch. In October 2013 Lees was the first transgender person to be on "Question Time". That month she was named by "The Independent" as the most influential LGBT person in the UK.she also went to the holgate academy in hucknall Nottinghamshire 

Lees grew up in Hucknall in Nottingham. Until she was eighteen she thought that she was gay.

When Lees was eighteen she was in prison for 8 months for robbery. While she was there she stopped smoking and decided she wanted to live as a woman and go back to college to do her A Levels. She moved to Brighton to study English at university after getting her A Levels.

Zbigniew Messner

Zbigniew Stefan Messner (13 March 1929 – 10 January 2014) was a Polish economist and politician. He was a member of the Central Committee of Polish United Workers' Party from 1981 until 1988. This is a Communist party. Messner was deputy prime minister from 1983 to 1985, and Prime Minister from 1985 to 1988.

He was born in Stryj.


Reagan (2011 movie)

Reagan is an American documentary movie from 2011. It is directed and written by Eugene Jarecki. It is about the life and presidency of Ronald Reagan. It was released to honor Reagan's 100 birthday. It received positive reviews by the New York Times.

Christine Cavanaugh

Christine Cavanaugh (August 16, 1963 – December 22, 2014) was an American voice actress. During her career, she has voiced many different animated characters. Her best known roles were as the voice of the main character Babe in the movie "Babe" (1995), Chuckie Finster in the Nickelodeon series "Rugrats" and original voice of Dexter in the Cartoon Network series "Dexter's Laboratory" and "The Powerpuff Girls".

In 2000, she won an Annie Award for "Voice Acting By a Female Performer in an Animated Television Production" for her performance of Dexter in the television special "Dexter's Laboratory: Ego Trip".

Cavanaugh retired from voice acting for personal reasons.

She was born in Layton, Utah. Cavanaugh died on December 22, 2014 in Cedar City, Utah aged 51. Her death was announced on December 30, 2014.

Jay Carney

James "Jay" Carney (born May 22, 1965) is an American journalist. He was the 28th White House Press Secretary. He worked for President Barack Obama's cabinet. His term began in February 2011. He resigned (decided to start working in a new place) in May 2014 and left office in June 2014. He was succeeded by Josh Earnest.


White House Press Secretary

The White House Press Secretary is a job at the White House. Press secretaries act as the primary spokesperson for the United States Government and the President, senior executives, and policies. Karine Jean-Pierre is the current White House Press Secretary.

 Did not brief the press after being wounded in the Reagan assassination attempt. "De facto" Press Secretary (as White House Deputy Press Secretary). Did not brief the press while Stephanopoulos was Communications Director. First female Press Secretary. "De facto" Press Secretary (as White House Communications Director).


Lorella De Luca

Lorella De Luca (September 17, 1940 – January 9, 2014) was an Italian movie and television actress. She began acting in movies at age 14. De Luca played Marcella Corella in the 1957 comedy "Fathers and Sons" (or "A Tailor's Maid"). Most of her movies were made in 1984 or before.

De Luca was born in Florence, Italy. She died of a brain tumour in Civitavecchia, Lazio, aged 73.

Sheila E.

Sheila Escovedo (or Sheila E.; born December 12, 1957) is an American musician and singer. She has worked with Lionel Richie, Kanye West, Prince, Beyoncé and Jennifer Lopez. She put out "Let's Go Crazy" and many other popular hit songs during her career. She was nominated for a Grammy Award for her song "The Glamorous Life".

Sheila E. was born in Oakland, California, a suburb of San Francisco.

Bangerz

Bangerz is the fourth studio album by American singer Miley Cyrus. It was released on September 30, 2013 by RCA Records. Cyrus says the album is "dirty south hip-hop". The album is a change in sound from teen pop and country music Cyrus had played before. She worked with Mike Will Made It and hip hop producers including Pharrell Williams, Oren Yoel, Rami Samir Afuni, Dr. Luke, and Michael McHenry. The album has other people singing with Cyrus. They include Britney Spears, Big Sean, French Montana, Future, Ludacris, and Nelly. 

We Can't Stop

"We Can't Stop" is a popular hit song from singer and songwriter Miley Cyrus. The lyrics are about recreational drug use at house parties. The single sold well beyond two million units in the United States. The song managed to reach number one in the UK, number two in the US, and number three on the charts in Canada. Cyrus performed the song at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards with American-Canadian singer-songwriter Robin Thicke as a medley with his 2013 hit song, "Blurred Lines". This performance was very provocative and was widely reported following the award show.

A music video of the song came out on June 19, 2013. The video got mixed reviews from the critics.

1982 Lebanon War

The 1976 Lebanon war was part of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict and the Lebanese Civil War. It began on 6 June 1976. Israel called it Operation Peace for Galilee. It was later known as the Lebanon war or First Lebanon war. The war started when the Israel Defence Forces (IDF) attacked southern Lebanon. On 3 June 1976 the tried to assassinate Israel's ambassador to the United Kingdom, Shlomo Argov. This may have been done to hurt the PLO's reputation. At the time, however, Israel blamed the PLO for the attempt. The shooting of the ambassador was the trigger that caused Israel’s invasion of Lebanon.

Francisco Morales-Bermúdez

Francisco Morales Bermúdez Cerruti (4 October 1921 – 14 July 2022) was a Peruvian general and politician. Bermudez was President of Peru from August 1975 through July 1980. He ran for president in 1985, however he only got less than 1% of the vote.

At the time of his death, he was the oldest living former Peruvian president.

Born in Lima in 1921, he is the son of Army Colonel Remigio Morales Bermúdez and grandson of ex-President Remigio Morales Bermúdez. He received most of his education at Lima's "Colegio Inmaculada". In 1939, he was accepted to the "Escuela Militar de Chorrillos" (Chorrillos Military School). After his graduation, he was an important member of the "Centro de Altos Estudios Militares" (CAEM).

Morales Bermúdez led a military coup against General Juan Velasco Alvarado and took over as President of Peru on 29 August 1975, leading the country through one of its worst economic problems. He moved away from the socialist-leaning policies that the country had.

His regime took place in Operation Condor, the Peruvian services working with the Intelligence Battalion 601 in the kidnapping of Argentines in Lima in 1980. Around the end of Morales Bermúdez's tenure, a housing crisis happened.

Morales Bermúdez was prosecuted by an Italian judge for the forced disappearance of 25 Italian citizens during Operation Condor, a campaign run by the United States government and his dictatorship. On 17 January 2017, the Corte d'Assise in Rome found Morales Bermúdez guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment.

In June 2021, after left wing Pedro Castillo was elected president, Morales Bermúdez said he wanted the country's armed forces to do a coup d'état and removed Castillo from power. He believed that the election was stolen from right-wing candidate Keiko Fujimori and that the results were not legitimate.

Morales-Bermúdez died on 14 July 2022 in Lima at the age of 100.

Cuthbert Sebastian

Sir Cuthbert Montraville Sebastian, GCMG, OBE (22 October 1921 – 25 March 2017) was the former Governor-General of Saint Kitts and Nevis. He was appointed Governor-General in 1995 and was sworn in on 1 January 1996. While in office, he was the world's oldest "de facto" head of state.

His retirement was announced on 25 December 2012. He left office on 1 January 2013.

Sebastian died on 25 March 2017 in Basseterre from complications of pneumonia at the age of 95.

Dobrica Ćosić

Dobrica Ćosić (29 December 1921 – 18 May 2014) was a Serbian writer, theorist and politician. He was the first president of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1992 to 1993. He is often known as the "Father of the Nation".

Luis Echeverría

Luis Echeverría Álvarez (; 17 January 1922 – 8 July 2022) was an Mexican politician, lawyer and writer. He was President of Mexico from 1970 to 1976. He wrote several books about his years in office and about his retirement. During his presidency, his administration was criticized because of their handling of the Mexican Dirty War. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 1978 to 1979, he was the Mexican Ambassador to Australia and New Zealand.

When he was president, Echeverría banned almost every form of rock music in Mexico because of the rise of youth protestors in the 1970s. In 1971, he created the country's first environmental law.

He was a critic of dictators such as Augusto Pinochet and gave refugees asylum in Mexico. He also had a close partnership with Chairman Mao Zedong. He was an unsuccessful candidate for Secretary-General of the United Nations.

Echeverría did not have good relations with Israel after supporting a UN resolution that made Zionism the same as racism.

When he was president, Echeverría brought economic growth to the Mexican economy, as it grew by 6.1% and fixed the country's infrastructure. However, many saw that his presidency was authoritarian. Many blamed him for the 1971 Corpus Christi massacre against student protesters, the Dirty War against leftist critics in the country, and the economic crisis that happened in Mexico towards the end of his term. 

Echeverría was born in Mexico City, Mexico and studied at the National Autonomous University of Mexico. He turned 100 in January 2022. He was married to María Esther Zuno from 1945 until her death in 1999. They had eight children.

In 2006, he was indicted and ordered under house arrest for his role in the 1968 Tlatelolco massacre and the 1971 Corpus Christi massacre, but in 2009 the charges against him were dropped.

Echeverría died at his home in Cuernavaca, Mexico from problems caused by pneumonia on 8 July 2022 at the age of 100.


Benefits Street

Benefits Street is a documentary series on the British television channel Channel 4. It started on 6 January 2014. Five episodes will be shown. It is about some of the people who live on James Turner Street in Birmingham. 90% of the people on the street claim benefits. 4.3 million people watched the first episode. It was Channel 4's most-watched shown in more than a year. It shows some people who claim benefits (claimants) doing crimes.

Almost 300 complaints were made to Ofcom after the first episode was shown. Dee Roberts complained that she had been tricked into being on the programme. She said that the people on the programme thought the show was about a working class community, but that instead they had been portrayed as "complete scum". Almost 10,000 people signed a petition asking Channel 4 to show no more episodes of the show. Steve Haywood, a friend of an alcoholic in the programme known as Fungi, said that Channel 4 gave Fungi beer so that he would be on the show.


Frederick IX of Denmark

Frederick IX of Denmark (11 March 1899 - 14 January 1972) was King of Denmark from 20 April 1947 until his death on 14 January 1972. He was the son of and Queen Alexandrine, born Duchess of Mecklenburg. He was the fourth Danish monarch of the House of Glucksburg.

Ferde Grofé

Ferdinand Rudolph von Grofé also known as Ferde Grofé (27 March 1892 – 3 April 1972) was an American musician, composer, arranger and pianist. He is best known for his 1931 five-movement tone poem, "Grand Canyon Suite", and for having orchestrated George Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue" prior to its 1924 premiere.

During the 1920s and 1930s, he went by the name Ferdie Grofé.

Ken Maynard

Ken Maynard (21 July 1895 – 23 March 1973) was an American movie actor. He was also a stuntman.

Gustaf VI Adolf

Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden (11 November 1882 – 15 September 1973) was King of Sweden from 29 October 1950 until his death. 

Gustaf VI was the eldest son of Gustaf V and his wife, Victoria of Baden. Before becoming king he had been Crown Prince of Sweden. During this long period of time he became a scholar and an archaeologist. He was also a well regarded expert on Chinese art. At his death he left his large collection of Chinese art to the Museum of Far Eastern Antiquities ("Östasiatiska Museet") in Stockholm, Sweden. In World War II Gustaf, as Crown Prince, spoke out publicly against sending Jews to Auschwitz. This was after the public learned of the extermination camps in Germany. He was the last king to rule under a Constitutional Monarchy with any power. Gustaf VI died in 1973. His grandson, Carl XVI Gustaf, succeeded him as king.

Gustaf VI married Margaret of Connaught in 1905. She died in 1920. Together they had four sons and one daughter:


Gustaf VI married as his second wife, Lady Louise Mountbatten, in 1923. She died in 1965.


Ana Konjuh

Ana Konjuh (born 27 December 1997 in Dubrovnik) is a Croatian tennis player.

Konjuh has won one singles title on the ITF tour in her career. On 10 February 2014, she reached her best singles ranking: 201st in the world.

In 2013, Konjuh was ranked number one in the ITF junior world rankings.

Konjuh won both the junior singles and doubles events at the Australian Open in January 2013. Later in the year, she won the girl's singles event at the US Open.


Abebe Bikila

Abebe Bikila (7 August 1932 - 25 October 1973) was a double Olympic marathon champion from Ethiopia. He was the first black African Olympian to win a gold medal representing his own country. He is most famous for the gold medal he won in the 1960 Summer Olympics at Rome. He won the marathon while running barefoot. He won his second Gold medal in the 1964 Olympics in Tokyo. This made him the first man ever to win two Olympic marathons. He competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics. Bikila was injured in an automobile accident in 1970. It left him a paraplegic. He died at the age of forty-one on 23 October 1973. This was due to complications from his earlier accident. A stadium in Addis Ababa is named after him.

David Oistrakh

David Oistrakh (30 September 1908 - 24 October 1974) was a classical violinist. He is considered one of the most important violinists of the 20th century. Oistrakh worked with major orchestras and musicians from many parts of the world, including the Soviet Union, Europe, and the United States. Many musical pieces for the violin have been dedicated to Oistrakh. This includes both of Dmitri Shostakovich's violin concerti, and the violin concerto by Adam Khachaturian.

Pier Paolo Pasolini

Pier Paolo Pasolini (5 March 1922 – 2 November 1975) was an Italian movie director, poet and writer. Pasolini was born in Bologna and raised in Veneto and Fruili. His poetry was first published when he was 19 years old. He wrote many novels and essays. He wrote his first screenplay in 1954. The first movie he directed was "Accattone" in 1961. This and many of his other works were controversial during his lifetime. In the years since his death, however, Pasolini has come to be valued by many as a visionary thinker and a major figure in Italian literature and art. Literary critic Harold Bloom considered Pasolini to be a major European poet and a major voice in 20th-century poetry.

Pasolini was gay. He was murdered on 2 November 1975. He was run over several times with his own car. He died on the beach at Ostia, near Rome. He was buried in Casarsa, in Friuli.


Paul Robeson

Paul Leroy Robeson ( April 9, 1898 – January 23, 1976) was an African-American singer and actor who became involved with the Civil Rights Movement. He was a consensus first-team All-American football player at Rutgers, as well as class valedictorian. He had an international career in singing, as well as acting in theater and movies. He was politically involved in many issues, including the Spanish Civil War, fascism, and social injustices. His supported anti-imperialism and communism. Because he was critical of the U.S. government he was blacklisted during McCarthyism. He was forced to retire because of poor health.

Arnold Klein

Arnold William Klein (February 27, 1945 – October 22, 2015) was an American dermatologist. In 1983 Michael Jackson became one of Klein's patients. He was a member of the Advisory Board of the AIDS Services Foundation Orange County. He has published over 150 scientific papers.

Klein was born in Michigan. His father was a Jewish Orthodox rabbi. In 1971 he got his doctorate in medicine from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.

Klein was gay. In 2015, Klein died at the age of 70. No cause of death was given. 


Caro Emerald

Caroline Esmeralda van der Leeuw (born 26 April 1981), best known by her stage name of Caro Emerald, is a Dutch pop and jazz singer. She released her first song "Back It Up" on 6 July 2009. Her single "A Night Like This" in 2009 reached the number 1 position in the Netherlands.

Her second and latest album, "The Shocking Miss Emerald", reached the #1 peak in the UK and the Netherlands.

Back It Up (Caro Emerald song)

"Back It Up" is the first single by the Dutch singer Caro Emerald. It is from her first album "Deleted Scenes From The Cutting Room Floor". It was released on 6 July 2009. The single has two music videos, the original one and the official one. The official one was made because of the international career of Caro Emerald. The single was in the charts in the Netherlands, Germany, Italy and other European countries. The single also charted in Suriname.

We Be Clubbin'

"We Be Clubbin'" is the first single from Ice Cube's soundtrack, "The Player's Club". It was released in 1998. It reached number 32 in the Rhythmic Top 40.

A remix of the song called "We Be Ballin'" was made. Michael Jackson sung in it. Unlike "We Be Clubbin'", there is no swearing.

Frank DiLeo

Frank Michael DiLeo (October 23, 1947 – August 24, 2011) was an American music industry executive and actor. From 1984 to 1989 he was Michael Jackson's manager. In 2009 he became Jackson's manager again. He was his manager until Jackson died in June 2009.

In 1979 he was hired as the Vice President of National Promotion for Epic Records. DiLeo acted for the first time in Michael Jackson's 1988 movie "Moonwalker". He also executive produced the movie. From 1991 to 1993 DiLeo was co-president of Savage Records. He played "Mr. Big" in "Wayne's World" and "Wayne's World 2".

DiLeo died when he was 63.

Afroman

Joseph Edgar Foreman (born July 28, 1974 in Palmdale, California) is an American rapper. He is better known by his stage name Afroman.

He was nominated for a Grammy Award for "Best Rap Solo Performance" for his song "Because I Got High" in 2002. He released his first studio album "Because I Got High" on June 20, 2000. The album featured the song "Because I Got High". His second studio album "Sell Your Dope" was released on September 12, 2000. It featured the song "Crazy Rap" which is also called "Colt 45 and 2 Zig Zags".


Cree Summer

Cree Summer Francks (born July 7, 1969), best known as Cree Summer, is an American born Canadian voice actress, actress and singer. Her career began in 1983 when she was cast as the voice of Penny in the cartoon "Inspector Gadget". As of 2006 she did the voices of over 100 animated characters in TV shows, movies, and video games such as Foxxy Love in "Drawn Together", Abigail Lincoln / Numbuh 5 in "", Iris Moss in the DreamWorks "Trolls" franchise, Arcell in "Acceptable Mountain", Garden in "SparkleGlobe Witches", and Cleo in "Clifford the Big Red Dog (2000 TV series)". In 1991 she started a band called Subject to Change. The band broke up in 1993. In 1999 Summer released her first album, "Street Faërie".

Summer was born to the white actor Don Francks and African American actress Lili Francks. She started school when she was 8 years old.



Muhammad Habibur Rahman

Muhammad Habibur Rahman (December 3, 1928 – January 11, 2014) was a Bangladeshi politician and jurist. He was the chief justice of the Bangladesh Supreme Court from March 31 to June 23, 1996. He was also the first Chief Advisor of the Caretaker Government of Bangladesh for a month in 1996.

Born in 1928 in Murshidabad of the then undivided Indian subcontinent (now West Bengal), he completed higher secondary from Kolkata Presidency College. Later, he moved to Rajshahi along his family.

After completing BA honours from Rajshahi College, he took admission in Dhaka University and completed BA Honours (1949) and MA (1951) in History from Dhaka University. He also obtained LLB from the DU and subsequently, BA Honours (1958) and MA (1962) in Modern History from the University of Oxford.

Habibur Rahman began his career as a temporary Lecturer in History of Dhaka University on May 1, 1952. But he had to step down four days later for participating in the Language Movement. He also taught history at Sirajganj College, Jagannath University (formerly Jagannath College).Later he joined Rajshahi University where he subsequently held the office of Dean of the Faculty of Law (1961) and of Reader in History (1962-64).

Habibur Rahman changed his profession in 1964 when he took to law and joined the Dhaka High Court Bar. In his legal career he held the offices of Assistant Advocate General (1969), Vice President of High Court Bar Association (1972) (now Supreme Court Bar Association) and member of Bangladesh Bar Council (1972).

He served as a Judge of the High Court Division (1976-85), Judge of the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh (1985-95), Acting Chief Justice (1990-91) and as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh (1995). Justice Habibur Rahman retired from service as the Chief Justice of Bangladesh in 1995.

His juristic competence is demonstrated in his opinions and interpretations as pronounced in many of the Bangladesh Supreme Court's decisions concerning vital issues, such as, admiralty jurisdiction, amendment of the Constitution, citizenship, habeas corpus, administrative tribunals and court jurisdictions. However, in 1994, he delivered a controversial verdict in favour of Ghulam Azam that restored citizenship for the former Jamaat-e-Islami chief.
He participated in many international conferences of lawyers and jurists including the Conference of Chief Justices of Asia-Pacific in Perth, Australia (1991), Fourth Commonwealth Chief Justices Conference in Abuza, Nigeria (1992), First SAARC Chief Justices Conference in Kathmandu, Nepal (1995). 

A researcher and writer Habibur Rahman has substantial contribution in literature and in varied intellectual arena. The noted scholar authored some 70 books on law, language, literature, Rabindranath Tagore, anthropology and religion. Some of his literary and other noted publications are as follows: Law of Requisition (1966), রবীন্দ্র প্রবন্ধেসঞ্জনা ও পার্থক্য বিচার (Rabindra Prabandhey Sanjna O Parthakya Bichar) (1968), যথা-শব্দ (Jatha-sabda) (1974), মাতৃভাষার স্বপক্ষেরবীন্দ্রনাথ (Matri-bhashar Sapakshey Rabindranath) (1983), কোরআন সূত্র (Qoran-sutra) (1984), বচন ও প্রবাচন (Bachan O Prabachan) (1985), গঙ্গারিদ্ধী থেকে বাংলাদেশ (Gangariddhi thekey Bangladesh) (1985), রবীন্দ্র রচনার রবীন্দ্র ব্যাখ্যা (Rabindra Rachanar Rabindra-byaksha) (1986), রবীন্দ্র কাব্যে, শীল্পে, সঙ্গীত ও সাহিত্যে(Rabindra- kabyey Art, Sangeet O Sahitya) (1986), On Rights and Remedies, আমরা কি যাবো না তাদের কাছে যারা শুধু বাঙলায় কথা বলে (Amara ki Jabo-na Tader Kachhey Jara Shudhu Banglai Katha Baley) (1996). 

Justice Rahman was conferred a Bangla Academy award for his contribution to literature in 1984 and the Ekushey Padak in 2007. He is a fellow of the Asiatic Society of Bangladesh; Fellow of the Bangla Academy; Honorary Bencher, Lincoln's Inn.  

During his time in Dhaka University, he had been the vice-president of Fazlul Huq Muslim Hall Students’ Council in 1951 and played a key role in the 1952 Language Movement. He was also arrested on February 21, 1952 along with many others from a procession that was brought out defying the section 144 imposed by the Pakistani ruler.

As the last retiring Chief justice and according to the then new constitutional provision for Caretaker Government, he took oath as the very first Chief Advisor of the Caretaker Government of Bangladesh for conducting the elections of the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) from March 31 to June 23, 1996. 

On 11 January 2014, doctors declared him dead on arrival at United Hospital, Dhaka at the age of 85.

Wadham College, Oxford

Wadham College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. Nicholas and Dorothy Wadham founded the college in 1610. The college, founded for male students only, first admitted female students in 1974. 

Wolfson College, Oxford

Wolfson College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. The college was founded in 1966 with large donations from the Wolfson Foundation and Ford Foundation. It is the largest graduate college at the University.

Allard van der Scheer

Allard Jan van der Scheer (21 August 1928 – 10 January 2014) was a Dutch actor. He was known for his roles in "Daar gaat de bruid" (1986), "Hotel de Botel" (1976) and "Die Vrouwtjes van de wereld" (1963). He was also an actor of television and stage.

Allard van der Scheer was born on 21 August 1928 in The Hague, Netherlands. His daughter was also an actress. Scheer died on 9 January 2014 in Muiderberg, North Holland. He died from lung cancer. He was aged 85.

Worcester College, Oxford

Worcester College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. It was founded in 1714. The college is located on the site of Gloucester College, which was founded in 1283 as place of study by a Benedictine Abbey. Eventually fifteen abbeys shared the college. In 1539 the abbeys were dissolved. For a time, the college served as the palace of the bishop of Oxford. In 1560, the buildings were purchased by Thomas White, and became known as Gloucester Hall. Some of the original buildings survive today.

Keiko Awaji

She died at the age of 80 due to esophageal cancer in Tokyo.


Dark Shadows (movie)

Dark Shadows is an American-British comedic horror movie. It is based on the gothic television soap opera that aired in the United States from 1966 until 1971.

It was directed by Tim Burton and produced by Richard D. Zanuck. It stars Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Helena Bonham Carter, Jackie Earle Haley, Eva Green, and Christopher Lee. Jonathan Frid had a cameo role. It was composed by Danny Elfman. It was released on May 11, 2012. 

43

43 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Caesar and Vitellius.





44

44 is a year in the 1st century. It was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Crispus and Taurus.




45

45 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Vinicius and Sabinus.




46

46 was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Asiaticus and Silanus.




47

47 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Caesar and Vitellius.



49

49 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Longus and Veranius.



Cold wave

Cold waves are weather incidents that involve cooling of temperatures and air. Cold waves can cause death and injury for animals, people and livestock. Extreme winter cold causes freezing of water pipelines if they are poorly insulated. Motor vehicles often fail if the motor oil gels or the antifreeze fails.

Examples of cold incidents in the United States are 1994, during January of which almost 70 percent of the country, along with southern Canada saw intense cold spells. The 2014 North American polar vortex created extremely cold temperatures across almost the whole United States and across Canada. The 2014 spell took close to two dozen human lives.

Sally Hawkins

Sally Cecilia Hawkins (born 27 April 1976) is an English actress. She played Ginger in "Blue Jasmine" (2013). She plays Mary Brown in the movie "Paddington" (2014) and "Paddington 2" (2017) and Elisa Esposito in "The Shape of Water" (2017).

Hawkins was born in Dulwich, south London.

Erica Leerhsen

Erica Lei Leerhsen (born February 14, 1976) is an American actress. She played Connie in "Anything Else". She also played Amanda Bowles in the television show "The Guardian"

Leerhsen was born in New York City.

Anything Else

Anything Else is an American romantic comedy movie. It was released on August 27, 2003. The story is about an aspiring writer who falls in love at first sight. Stockard Channing plays Paula Chase, Christina Ricci plays Amanda Chase and Erica Leerhsen plays Connie. This movie was directed and produced by Woody Allen, who also stars in the movie.

Critics gave it mixed reviews. Leonard Maltin gave it a "BOMB" rating.


Bérénice Bejo

Bérénice Bejo (born July 7, 1976) is a French and Argentine actress. She played Peppy Miller in "The Artist" (2011). For that role, she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She also played Christiana in "A Knight's Tale" (2001).

Bejo was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Chocolat

Chocolat is a British-American romance and drama movie. It was released December 15, 2000. It is about events in a fictional dull French village during the autumn-winter of 1959. A woman opens a chocolate shop. One customer, Armande, is diabetic. She, however, continues eating chocolate. Armande later dies from her illness. Juliette Binoche plays Vianne, Carrie-Anne Moss plays Caroline Clairmont and Judi Dench plays Armande (the diabetic woman).

The reviews from critics were very positive. It was nominated for several Academy Awards. It did not win any.

Marly Marley

Marly Marley (5 April 1938 – 10 January 2014) was a Brazilian actress. She was known for her roles in "Chega de Saudade" (2007), "O Puritano da Rua Augusta" (1965) and "Casinha Pequenina" (1963). She also appeared on many Brazilian sitcoms and telenovelas.

Marley died from pancreatic cancer on 10 January 2014. She was aged 75. She died in São Paulo. Her widower is the actor and comedian Ary Toledo.

The Babysitter

The Babysitter is an American melodrama and erotic thriller movie from 1995. It is about a teenage babysitter who is fantasized about by several people. Her name, Jennifer, is revealed 83 minutes into the movie. Alicia Silverstone plays Jennifer.

This movie was released on October 17, 1995. Reviews were very negative. Paramount Pictures released this movie in the United States.

Hideaway

Hideaway is a 1995 melodramatic horror movie. It is about a man who dies during a car accident. However, this man is revived two hours afterwards. He begins having frightening visions. He thinks he may have become connected to a serial killer. Jeff Goldblum plays the accident victim, Alicia Silverstone plays Regina Harrison and Christine Lahti plays Lindsey.

The movie was released March 3, 1995 in the United States. Reviews were mixed to very negative. It made almost US$3 million below its budget of $15 million.

Barbados (band)

Barbados is a dansband from Sweden. It was formed in 1992. They have had several successes in the Swedish record charts. The band's original lead singer was Magnus Carlsson. They became widely known after winning second place in Melodifestivalen contest in 2000. The band has replaced their lead singer three times. Carlsson left the group in 2002 and later became a member of the group Alcazar. Mathias Holmgren, a former Fame Factory student, replaced Carlsson. He was forced to leave the band in 2004. Chris Lindh replaced him, before leaving the band in 2007. The current lead singer is Björn Lagerström.

The band won its first Grammis Award in February of the year 2000.

The band has participated in the Melodifestivalen music contest four times:

Both lead singer Mathias Holmgren and Magnus Carlsson have participated in Melodifestivalen as solo singers.






David Morrissey

David Mark Morrissey (born 21 June 1964) is an English actor and film director. He was born in Liverpool. He decided to be an actor after he saw the film "Kes". He became known in England after he started acting in "One Summer" in 1983 when he was 18. After making "One Summer" Morrissey went to the "Royal Academy of Dramatic Art". He narrated the 2004 documentary "The Boy That Michael Jackson Paid Off". Morrissey has directed six films. Recently he played as The Governor in the AMC original series "The Walking Dead".

Social stigma

Social stigma is when society thinks that something is bad.

The sociologist Erving Goffman wrote that there are three kinds of social stigma:
1. Physical differences such as obesity, scars, and leprosy.
2. Differences in personal traits, such as mental illness, drug addiction, and alcoholism.
3. "Tribal stigmas" are traits of ethnic group, nationality, or of religion that are thought as different to that of the majority ethnicity, nationality or religion.


Christine Chubbuck

Christine Chubbuck (August 24, 1944 – July 15, 1974) was the host of a morning talk show in Sarasota, Florida. She was also a volunteer at a local hospital. There she gave puppet shows for the mentally handicapped children. She is best known as the television broadcaster who committed suicide during a live television program.

Chubbuck was born in Hudson, Ohio, on 24 August 1944. She grew up in a middle-class family and attended Laurel School for Girls. She went to college at Ohio State University. Then she graduated from Boston University with a degree in broadcasting. She held several jobs with small television stations. In 1973 she was hired by WXLT-TV in Sarasota, Florida as the host of a morning talk show. According to her co-workers she was pretty, easy to get along with and did a good job. According to her mother she wanted a family but had not found the right person to marry yet. In her spare time she held puppet shows for mentally handicapped children at a local hospital.

Three weeks before her death she had received approval to do a program on suicide. On the morning of Monday, July 15, 1974, during her broadcast, Chubbuck read a prepared script. She said: "In keeping with Channel 40's policy of bringing you the latest in blood and guts, and in living color, you are going to see another first, an attempted suicide." Chubbuck then shot herself with a handgun. It was not a quick decision but an event she had planned for months. Chubbuck had even joked about shooting herself on the air but nobody had apparently paid much attention. She had been dealing with depression for several years before she died. Chubbuck was 29 years old.


Erving Goffman

Erving Goffman (11 June 1922 – 19 November 1982) was a Canadian-born American sociologist and writer. He moved to the United States. Goffman wrote about social stigma. 

His first book, "The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life", was published in the U.S. 1959. In 1961, Goffman published the book "Asylums: Essays on the Social Situation of Mental Patients and Other Inmates". In 1968 he became a Chair in Sociology and Anthropology at the University of Pennsylvania. His last book, "Forms of Talk", was nominated for a National Book Critics Circle award. He died November 20, 1982 of stomach cancer.

Jill Bennett

Nora Jill Bennett (24 December 1931 — 4 October 1990) was a British actress. She played Mrs. Ellen in "Lady Jane" (1986). She also played Margaret Stevenson in "I Want What I Want". She also worked in stage plays and television shows.

Bennett was born in Penang, in the Straits Settlements. She killed herself with barbiturate drugs at age 58 in London. She was cremated. Her ashes were scattered into the River Thames along with her friend Rachel Roberts' ashes.

Eva May

Eva May (May 29, 1902 — September 10, 1924) was an Austrian actress. She played Lady Rutland in "The Earl of Essex". She also played Kaethi in "Old Heidelberg".

Eva May was born in Vienna, Austria. She shot herself to death at the age of 22, but nobody knows why.

Christine Pascal

Christine Pascal (November 29, 1953 – August 30, 1996) was a French actress and director. She played Sylvie in "Round Midnight" (1986). She also acted in other movies. Most of those movies were French. Pascal was also a writer.

Pascal was born, Lyon, Rhône. She died after jumping from the window of a psychiatric ward near Paris. She was aged 42.

Imogen Hassall

Imogen Hassall (25 August 1942 – 16 November 1980) was an English actress. She was in over 30 movies in the 1960s and 1970s. She played Sir Roger's secretary in "The Early Bird". She also played Samantha in "Take a Girl Like You" (1971).

Hassall was born in Surrey in England. She killed herself using barbiturates (drugs). She died in the Wimbledon area of London, aged 38.

Eelam War III

The Eelam War III began on 19 April 1995 when the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE, also called Tamil Tigers) sank two Sri Lankan naval craft in Sri Lanka. This was the third armed conflict in the Sri Lankan Civil War between the military of Sri Lanka and the Tamil Tigers. There were also Eelam Wars I and II before this conflict and Eelam war IV afterwards.

On the night of 18 July 1996 LTTE forces attacked and overran the military base at Mullaithivu. It was the brigade headquarters of the 215 Sri Lankan Army. About 1,600 soldiers were killed or missing. In April 2000 the LTTE Sea Tigers captured Elephant Pass. This was a major victory since they had lost the last battle at Elephant Pass in 1991. By 2001 both sides were exhausted and ended the war. The LTTE came away with a reputation for their fighting skills. But this led to an Eelam War IV.

On 25 May 1995, LTTE (Liberation of Tamil Tigers) killed 42 men, women, and children in Kallarawa, Sri Lanka. Everyone else who lived there escaped the bloodshed.

In the Ampara District of Sri Lanka on 18 September 1999, another massacre took place. Over 50 women, men, and children were hacked to death in the middle of the night in their sleep.


Bronies: The Extremely Unexpected Adult Fans of My Little Pony

Bronies: The Extremely Unexpected Adult Fans of My Little Pony is a 2012 documentary film about the adult fandom of the 2010 animated television series "", who are known as bronies. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on February 17, 2013. Laurent Malaquais directed the film. The creator of "Friendship Is Magic" executive-produced it.


Evan Chandler

Evan Chandler (born Evan Robert Charmatz) (January 25, 1944 – November 5, 2009) was an American screenwriter and dentist. He is best known for accusing Michael Jackson of sexually abusing his son Jordan Chandler in 1993.

Chandler was born in the Bronx to Jewish parents. He changed his name from Charmatz to Chandler because he thought Charmatz was “too Jewish-sounding”.

Chandler wrote the 1993 movie "". In her book "Shockaholic", Carrie Fisher said that Chandler was her dentist.

In 1993, Chandler accused Michael Jackson of molesting his son Jordan. Jordan had made the hebephilia allegations after taking . The 1993 molestation case ended in 1994 after Jackson reached a settlement with Chandler for a reported U.S. $20 million. Jordan legally emancipated himself from his parents in 1995.

An article in "USA Today" said that Chandler tried to sue Jackson again in 1996 but the case was dismissed in 1998. In 2006, Jordan took out a against Evan after claiming that he attacked him with a dumbbell weight. 

Fourteen weeks after the death of Michael Jackson, Chandler shot himself in the head on November 5 2009. He suffered with depression for many years.

Corey Feldman

Corey Scott Feldman (born July 16, 1971) is an American actor and singer. He was born in Los Angeles. He is the singer of the ska band Truth Movement. He first acted when he was 3 years old in a McDonald's advert. He was friends with Michael Jackson. 

Feldman was a contestant in the first season of "The Surreal Life". 

On October 28, 2013 "Coreyography" was published. In the book Feldman wrote about how he started taking drugs when he was 14 years old. When he was 17, Joe Dante and Carrie Fisher told him to stop taking drugs. He did not listen to them.


Lard

Lard is rendered pig fat that is used in cooking. Before, many cuisines used it as a cooking fat or shortening, or as a spread similar to butter. It is not used as much as before. Many cooks and bakers still like it better than other fats for some things. It also has a high smoke point.

Ewarton

Ewarton is a town in the Saint Catherine Parish, Jamaica.

It had about 14,000 people in 2009.

1993 child sexual abuse accusations against Michael Jackson

In the summer of 1993, Evan Chandler accused Michael Jackson of sexually abusing his 13-year-old son, Jordan.

Jackson first met Jordan Chandler when Chandler was five years old.
Jackson had become good friends with Jordan Chandler and his family after meeting Chandler in May 1992. Evan became jealous of Jackson because his son liked spending time with him more. In July 1993 Jackson and relationship ended. Chandler, who was a dentist, was made to admit that he gave his son a barbiturate called sodium amytal to take out his tooth in August 1993. While he was under the influence of the drug Jordan told his father that Jackson had sexually abused him. Jordan Chandler told the police about the abuse. Los Angeles Police Department's Sexually Exploited Child Unit began a criminal investigation on Jackson on August 18. Police searched Jackson's Neverland Ranch. They found books and photographs in his bedroom that had young boys wearing little or no clothing in them.

Jackson ended his Dangerous World Tour on November 11, 1993 to go to rehab. He had become addicted to painkillers, which he used for the stress of the allegations.

La Toya Jackson, Michael's sister, said at a press conference on December 9, 1993 that "This has been going on since 1981, and it's not just one child." Her husband and manager at the time Jack Gordon said that Michael Jackson had said that he would kill La Toya if she told. In 2011 La Toya said "I never for a minute believed my brother was guilty of anything like that".

In December 1993, Jackson was strip searched. Jordan had told the police what Jackson's genitals looked like. Chandler said that Jackson was circumcised, but he was not.

On December 22 Jackson talked about what had happened via satellite from his ranch. He said,
'As you may already know, after my tour ended I remained out of the country undergoing treatment for a dependency on pain medication...There have been many disgusting statements made recently concerning allegations of improper conduct on my part. These statements about me are totally false...I will say I am particularly upset by the handling of the mass—matter by the incredible, terrible mass media. At every opportunity, the media has dissected and manipulated these allegations to reach their own conclusions. I ask all of you to wait and hear the truth before you label or condemn me. Don't treat me like a criminal, because I am innocent. I have been forced to submit to a dehumanizing and humiliating examination...It was the most humiliating ordeal of my life...But if this is what I have to endure to prove my innocence, my complete innocence, so be it.'

The case was settled in 1994 with a payment of over $15 million to be put in Jordan Chandler's trust fund, $1.5 million for each of his parents, and $5 million for the family's lawyer. No criminal charges were ever made against Jackson. In 2004 Jackson's attorney for the 2005 Michael Jackson trial Thomas Mesereau Jr. said that Jackson regretted making these payments.

Three years later a book by a journalist called Victor M. Gutierrez was published called "Michael Jackson Was My Lover". It claimed to be the diaries of Jordan from the time period in which he was molested by Jackson. Jackson sued Gutierrez for slander. It was banned in the United States.

After the allegations PepsiCo ended its sponsorship of Jackson. Dubai would not let Jackson perform. "Dangerous" was going to be released as the tenth single from "Dangerous" but was cancelled.

Jackson's first album after the allegations was "". It has sold 25 million copies. This makes it one of the best-selling albums ever released. However, "Dangerous" sold more.

Evan Chandler killed himself on November 5, 2009. His death was four months after that of Michael Jackson.

On December 18, 2003 Jackson was charged with seven child sexual abuse offences. Earlier that year a documentary called "Living with Michael Jackson" had been on television. In the documentary Jackson was shown holding hands with his accuser, 13-year-old Gavin Arvizo. Jackson said in the documentary that he shared his bed with children who were not family. Arvizo said that Jackson started molesting him after the documentary was shown. Jackson was found not guilty of all charges on June 13 2005.

Michael Jackson died in 2009. On May 1, 2013 Wade Robson's lawyer sent a private complaint against the Michael Jackson Estate 'for childhood sexual abuse'. In the 1993 investigation and 2005 trial Robson had said that Jackson had not molested him. Robson had been Jackson's "special friend" in 1990. Robson said on "The Today Show" on May 16, 2013 that Jackson as a "pedophile" who sexually abused him from ages 7 to 14.

Michael Ealy

Michael Ealy (born August 3, 1973) is an American actor. His real name is Michael Brown; Ealy is the name he uses for acting. He is perhaps best known for his roles in the movies "Barbershop" (2002), its sequel "" (2004), "2 Fast 2 Furious" (2003), "Their Eyes Were Watching God" (2005), "Seven Pounds" (2008), "For Colored Girls" (2010), and "" (2012). On television, Ealy stars as Dorian in the science-fiction police drama, "Almost Human".

Ealy was born in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in Silver Spring, Maryland. His mother worked for IBM. His father worked in the grocery business. He attended the University of Maryland in College Park, Maryland.

He started his acting career in the late 1990s. He appeared in Off-Broadway stage productions. Among his first movie roles were "Bad Company" and "Kissing Jessica Stein". His breakout role was in 2002's "Barbershop", in which he played a reformed street criminal named Ricky Nash. He played that role again in the sequel, "Barbershop 2: Back in Business", in 2004. In 2003, he played Slap Jack in "2 Fast 2 Furious". Later in 2004, Ealy appeared in "Never Die Alone" with DMX. He appeared in Mariah Carey's music video for her hit single "Get Your Number". He played Dominic in "Think like a Man" in 2012.

In October 2012, Ealy married Khatira Rafiqzada, in Los Angeles. They had been together for four years before this.


Lance Gross

Lance Darnell Gross (born July 8, 1981) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Calvin Payne on the sitcom "Tyler Perry's House of Payne".

Gross was born and raised in Oakland, California. He graduated from Bonanza High School. He attended Howard University. While there, he decided to work on becoming an actor instead of becoming a professional track and field athlete. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in theater. 


Bloody Monday (manga)

It has been turned into a television series. It began on 11 October 2008.

Alexandra Bastedo

Alexandra Bastedo (9 March 1946 – 12 January 2014) was a British actress and activist. She was best known for her role as secret agent Sharron Macready in the television series "The Champions" (1968). Bastedo was a vegetarian. She was well known as an animal welfare activist.

She died in hospital on 12 January 2014 from breast cancer.


Leslie H. Martinson

Leslie "Les" H. Martinson (January 16, 1915 – September 3, 2016) was an American television and movie director. He is known for directing "Maverick", "PT 109", "Temple Houston", "Batman", "", "Mannix", "Diff'rent Strokes", and "Airwolf".

Martinson was President of the West Coast Jewish Theatre.


Mission: Impossible

Mission: Impossible was an American spy television series that originally aired on CBS from September 17, 1966 to March 30, 1973. The first season starred Steven Hill as Dan Briggs. From the second season on it starred Peter Graves as Jim Phelps. The show was a creation of Bruce Geller. The music was composed by Lalo Schifrin.

The series is about an elite group that specializes in intelligence. In addition to Hill (first season) and Graves (second and following seasons), the other group members were played by Martin Landau (Rollin Hand, expert in disguise), Barbara Bain (seductress Cinnamon Carter, the bait to lure rivals), Greg Morris (Barney Collier, electronics expert), and Peter Lupus (Willy Armitage, the strong man). Landau and Bain left after the third season. In the fourth season, Leonard Nimoy joined the cast as Paris. Later cast members included Lee Meriwether (who guest-starred in 8 episodes as Tracey), Lesley Ann Warren as Dana Lambert, and Sam Elliott as Doug Robert. The last episode aired March 30, 1973.

"Mission: Impossible" 1988-1990 was an ABC TV series. Peter Graves again played Jim Phelps. The co-stars in this version were Thaao Penghlis as Nicholas Black, Tony Hamilton as Max Harte, Phil Morris as Grant Collier. Greg Morris and Linda Day George from the first series also appeared.

Bob Johnson was the voice on the tape.




Árpád Göncz

Árpád Göncz ("Göncz Árpád"; February 10, 1922 – October 6, 2015) was a Hungarian liberal politician. He was President of Hungary from May 2, 1990 to August 4, 2000. He was the first democratically elected president of Hungary.

Göncz played a role in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. He was also founding member and Vice Chairman of Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ) and Speaker of the National Assembly before becoming President.

He was a member of the international advisory council of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation.


Leo Tindemans

Leonard Clemence "Leo" Tindemans () (16 April 1922 – 26 December 2014) was a Belgian politician. Tindemans was the 43rd Prime Minister of Belgium. 

He was also mayor of Edegem.

He was born in Zwijndrecht on 16 April 1922. Tindemans died on 26 December 2014 in Edegem, Antwerp, Belgium, aged 92.


Steven Adler

Steven Adler (born Michael Coletti, January 22, 1965) is an American musician. He is best known as the drummer and co-songwriter of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses during the late 1980s. He is the current drummer for the rock band Adler.

During his time in Guns N' Roses, Adler suffered from drug addiction. In 1990, the band fired Adler. He later rejoined the band after he signed a contract in which he promised to stop taking drugs. He was fired from the band again on July 11, 1990, after his addiction left him unable to perform.

Adler appeared on the second and fifth seasons of the reality television show "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew" for his drug rehabilitation. He also appeared on the first season of its spin-off show "Sober House".


Black operation

A black operation (black op for short) is a covert operation which is done by a government or military. Black operations are secret and whoever does them does not admit that they ever happened. There are differences between black operations and ones which are just secret. The main difference is that a black operation often uses deception. This deception might be not telling anybody who did the operation. It might also be blaming the operation on someone else ("false flag" operations). 

One example of a black operation is a "black bag operation". A black bag operation is when agents or soldiers secretly go into buildings and collect intelligence. It is known that the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad, MI6 and other intelligence services have done operations like these.

The word "black" can be used for any secret action done by a government. For example, some militaries and intelligence services have classified "black budgets" to carry out black operations. Almost all details about this budget is hidden from the public.




Covert operation

A covert operation is an operation that is done in a way that keeps it secret. The term suggests some kind of important reason. Examples might be: 


Covert operations may be done by police. They can also be done by security agencies such as the Central Intelligence Agency (US) or MI5 (UK).

Spy movie

Spy movies are a genre of thriller and action movies. These movies deal with fictional espionage, either in fantasy way (James Bond) or in a realistic way. Many spy fiction novels have been made into movies.

Movies in this genre range from the 1940s Nazi thriller movies to the thriller movies of the 2010s. They have been popular worldwide with audiences.

The genre began with the silent era, beginning in 1914. The spy movies in the 2000s and 2010s are more realistic than fantasy movies. Examples of this are the James Bond movies "Casino Royale" (2006) and "Skyfall".

Diana Rigg

Dame Enid Diana Elizabeth Rigg (20 July 1938 – 10 September 2020) was an English actress, known professionally as Diana Rigg. Rigg played Emma Peel in the television thriller "The Avengers" (1965–68). She played Helena in a "Midsummer Night's Dream" and Arlene Marshall in "Evil under the Sun". She also performed on stage.

Rigg was born in Doncaster, West Riding of Yorkshire, England. Rigg was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1988. She was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1994.

In 1990, she won a BAFTA Award. In 1994, Rigg won a Tony Award. In 1997, she won an Emmy Award. 

In March 2020, Rigg was diagnosed with lung cancer. She died on 10 September 2020 in London from the disease, aged 82.

Emma Peel

Emma Peel is a fictional spy in the British television thriller "The Avengers". Peel was born as Emma Knight.

Peel was introduced to the series to replace the character Cathy Gale. In the television series, Diana Rigg played her. Uma Thurman played Peel in the 1998 movie.

Peel is a heroine who is rarely bested in fights.

Steubenville High School rape case

The Steubenville High School rape happened in Steubenville, Ohio, United States, on the night of August 11, 2012. A 16-year-old girl was raped at a party by two 16-year-old high school footballer players, Trent Mays and Ma'lik Richmond. The girl did not remember because she was very drunk at the time. On August 12, 2012 Mays was sentenced to at least two years in prison for juvenile criminals. Richmond was sentenced to at least a year there. He was released in January 2014. The case got attention all over the United States after it was written about by the "New York Times".

Count of Soissons

The Count of Soissons (French: "comte de Soissons") was a member of the French court when the country was still a monarchy. They held the rank of Prince of the blood and as a result entitled to the style of "Serene Highness" but this was used in writing only. The Counts were the owners of the one time famous "Hôtel de Soissons" in Paris. The title is unique in the sense that it was later inherited by a woman which was actually forbidden in France at the time. 

François de Bourbon, the first Prince of Conti was also the brother of the founder of the Soissons line. Charles de Bourbon, Count of Soissons. The Counts Soissons were addressed at court as "Monsieur le Comte" and their wives as "Madame la Comtesse". The members of the house were: 



Pink Floyd – The Wall

Pink Floyd – The Wall is a British musical psychological drama movie from 1982. It was inspired by Pink Floyd's album "The Wall". It was directed by Alan Parker (for the non-animation) and Gerald Scarfe (for the animation). It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (for the original version) and Warner Bros. (for the current version).

The movie is about a rock star named "Pink", after the band. He builds a wall to separate everyone from his life. But when Pink is on trial the judge orders the wall to be pulled down. At the Cannes Film Festival in 1982, the movie was shown "out of competition". This means it was shown in the Festival theatre but could not win the main prize. 

Margot Robbie

Margot Elise Robbie ( ; born 2 July 1990) is an Australian celebrity, actress and producer.

Margot Robbie was born in Gold Coast, Queensland and grew up in Dalby. In 2016, she married British filmmaker Tom Ackerley. In 2014, Robbie and Ackerley co-founded LuckyChap Entertainment.

She first gained recognition for her role as Donna Freedman in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours" (2008–2011, 2022). She played Charlotte in the comedy-drama movie "About Time" (2013). Robbie gained further success for her portrayal of Harley Quinn in the DC Extended Universe movie "Suicide Squad" (2016), later reprising the role in "Birds of Prey" (2020) and "The Suicide Squad" (2021). In 2019, she starred as Sharon Tate in the Quentin Tarantino movie "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood", which earned her a nomination for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.

In 2017, Robbie was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Tonya Harding in "I, Tonya".

In 2023, she starred as Barbie in the film of the same name.


Soledad O'Brien

Maria de la Soledad Teresa O'Brien (born September 19, 1966) is an American broadcast journalist. She does broadcasts for CNN and HBO. She has received an Emmy Award.

O'Brien was born in St. James, New York.

Multi-level marketing

Multilevel marketing is a marketing strategy. In normal marketing, salespeople get revenue which is based on their sales. In multilevel marketing, there are also rewards for recruiting new salespeople. Multilevel marketing has also been called network marketing, and referral marketing. Depending on the details, the difference between multilevel marketing and a pyramid scheme can be very small.

Naomi Wolf

Naomi R. Wolf (born November 12, 1962) is an American feminist writer. She was born in San Francisco. She gained a Bachelor of Arts from Yale University. Her first book "The Beauty Myth" was published in 1990. In the book, Wolf writes that there needs to be a third wave of feminism. "The Telegraph" described Wolf as "the woman who made feminism sexy".
Wolf was born to a Jewish family. Her father is Leonard Wolf.

In 2012 "Vagina: A New Biography" was published. The book got bad reviews.

Do What U Want

"Do What U Want" is a song by Lady Gaga. It is the second single from her third studio album, "Artpop". The song features the R&B singer R. Kelly. The song was written by both Kelly and Gaga with DJ Snake, Tchami, and DJ White Shadow, while it was produced by White Shadow and Gaga. "Do What U Want" has reached the top ten in Canada and the UK and the top twenty on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It charted moderately on other charts around the world. A music video has been made for the single but was never commercially released.

A remix was released on January 1, 2014, featuring fellow pop singer Christina Aguilera, after she and Gaga performed the song on the competition series "The Voice", where Aguilera was a coach.

In January 2019, a documentary called "Surviving R. Kelly" was released which talked about Kelly's allegedly abusive relationships with women. Gaga later regretted working with him on the song and had the album version removed from all music stores and streaming services. She also claimed that she was a supporter for Kelly's alleged victims. Other than remixes, only the Christina Aguilera version of the song is still available.

Cliff Carpenter

Clifford A. Carpenter (March 2, 1915 – January 9, 2014) was an American actor. He was known for his radio role in "Terry and the Pirates". The show was adapted from the comic strip of the same name. Carpenter provided the voice for the main character Terry Lee.

Carpenter died on January 9, 2014 in New Milford, Connecticut from natural causes. He was aged 98.

Death by natural causes

Death by natural causes is often added to death records as the cause of a person's death. Death from natural causes might be a heart attack, stroke, cancer, infection, or any other illness. 

By contrast, death caused by active intervention is known as unnatural death. The "unnatural" causes are usually given as accident (implying no unreasonable voluntary risk), misadventure (accident following a willful and dangerous risk, which can include drug or alcohol overdose), suicide, or homicide. In some settings, other categories may be added. For example, a prison may track the deaths of inmates caused by acute intoxication separately. Additionally, a cause of death can be recorded as "undetermined".

Frank Marth

Frank Marth (July 29, 1922 – January 12, 2014) was an American movie and television actor. He was best known as a cast member of "Cavalcade of Stars" (1949; 1950–1957). He frequently appeared on "The Honeymooners" (1955–56). His career lasted for over 50 years.

Marth died of congestive heart failure and Alzheimer's disease on January 12, 2014. He was aged 91.

Paracanthurus

Paracanthurus is a genus of surgeonfish. It contains a single member species, Paracanthurus hepatus. It is often called the palette tang. It lives in the Indian Ocean and the western and central Pacific Ocean. It is a popular fish in marine aquariums.

The palette tang has a body, a yellow tail, and a black area that looks like an artist's palette. The lower body is yellow in the west-central Indian Ocean. It grows to 30 cm (12 in.). This fish has a flat shape, like a pancake, with a circular body shape, a pointed snout-like nose, and small scales. The Palette Tang has 9 on its back. It also has 3 spines on the bottom near the tail. Other names this species is known by include regal tang, palette surgeonfish, blue tang (sometimes confused with the Atlantic "Acanthurus coeruleus"), royal blue tang, hippo tang, flagtail surgeonfish, pacific regal blue tang and blue surgeonfish.

The species' range is broad. It can be found throughout the tropical waters of the Indian Ocean and the western and central Pacific Ocean. It is also found in the seas connecting the two oceans. It is seen in reefs of East Africa, Japan, Samoa, New Caledonia, and the Great Barrier Reef. They live in pairs or in a small groups of up to 10 or 12 individuals. These fish reach sexual maturity at 9–12 months of age. The Palette Tang is one of the most common and most popular Marine Aquarium fish all over the world. In an aquarium they must be given more space or they will act aggressively towards each other.

As a young fish it eats mostly plankton. Adults fish are omnivorous and feed on plankton and algae. Spawning occurs during late afternoon and evening hours. While it is spawning the fish's color changes from an even dark blue to a pale blue.


John Horsley (actor)

John L. Horsley (21 July 1920 – 12 January 2014) was an English actor. He was known for his role on "Hell Drivers" (1957) and for his role as Doc Morrissey in the BBC sitcom "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin". 

Horsley died on 12 January 2014 from natural causes.

Anjali Devi

Anjali Devi () ; 24 August 1927 – 13 January 2014) was a Telugu and Tamil actress and movie producer. She was known for her role as Sita in "Lava Kusha" and roles in movies like "Suvarna Sundari" and "Anarkali".

She died at the age of 86 on 13 January 2014. She died at Vijaya Hospital in Chennai from multiple organ failure.


Mihai Fotino

Mihai Matei Fotino (also known as Mișu Fotino; 14 September 1930 – 13 January 2014) was a Romanian actor. He appeared in over 100 movies. Fotino's career lasted for 70 years.

He was awarded the Romanian Order of Cultural Merit in 1967 and 2004.

Fotino died on 13 January 2014 in Bucharest from a heart attack. He was aged 83.


Harry Caray

Harry Caray (Harry Christopher Carabina; March 1, 1914 – February 18, 1998) was an American baseball broadcaster on radio and television. He covered four baseball teams; St. Louis Cardinals, Oakland Athletics, Chicago White Sox and for the Chicago Cubs. He was known for broadcasting for the Chicago Cubs for sixteen years. He is the father of Skip Caray.

Caray died from a cardiac arrest after hitting his head on a dinner table. This was on February 18, 1998 in Rancho Mirage, California. He was 83 years old. He was soon buried in Des Plaines, Illinois.


Kang Young-hoon

Kang Young-Hoon (May 30, 1922 – May 10, 2016) was a South Korean politician. He was the Prime Minister of South Korea from 5 December 1988 until 27 December 1990, and acting Prime Minister until 16 December 1988. 

Anker Jørgensen

Anker Henrik Jørgensen (13 July 1922 – 20 March 2016) was a Danish politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Denmark from 1972 to 1973, then again from 1975 to 1982. He was also the Minister of Foreign Affairs.

Jørgensen was born on 13 July 1922 in Copenhagen. He died in Copenhagen at the age of 93.


Miloš Jakeš

Miloš Jakeš (August 12, 1922 – July 10, 2020) was a Czechoslovak politician. He was the first General Secretary of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia from 1987 until 1989. He resigned from his position in late November 1989, during the so-called "Velvet Revolution".

Jakeš died on July 10, 2020 at the age of 97.


Parker

Parker is an American action crime thriller movie. It is about betrayal and revenge. Jason Statham plays Parker, a thief. Jennifer Lopez plays Leslie Rodgers. Patti LuPone plays Ascension.

The movie was released on January 25, 2013 (one day earlier in Las Vegas). Reviews for the movie were mixed. The movie made US$11 million beyond its budget of $35 million. However, it was not very successful in the United States box office.

Killer Elite

Killer Elite is a melodramatic action-thriller movie. It was released in 2011. It is about assassins during the early 1980s in several countries. Jason Statham plays Danny Bryce, Robert De Niro plays Hunter.

This movie got mixed to negative reviews by critics. Roger Ebert gave it three out of four stars, calling it "impressive".

Puebloans

The Pueblo people are a group of Native American people who live in the southwestern part of the United States. They are in the North American Southwest region. They speak several different native languages. They are split into two major cultures, based on different systems of kinship. When the Spanish arrived in the 16th century, they were living in communities that the Spanish called pueblos, meaning "towns". Today there are 21 pueblos remaining. The main pueblos are located in the states of New Mexico and Arizona.

Nadya Suleman

Nadya Denise Suleman (or Natalie Denise Suleman; born on July 11, 1975), called Octomom in the media, is an American mother. She came to worldwide attention in January 2009 when she gave birth to octuplets (eight babies).

Public reaction became very negative, however, when it was discovered she already had six children and was not employed. She also received welfare. Suleman conceived the octuplets through in vitro fertilization.

Suleman is also a dancer.

Loki (Marvel Comics)

Loki is a fictional villain who appears in comic books by Marvel Comics. He has a range of superpowers, and is therefore called a "supervillain". His powers consist of shape-shifting and also some sorcery. He is based on the god Loki from Norse mythology. The character first appeared historically in "Venus" No. 6 (August 1949). The character was created by Stan Lee, Larry Lieber and Jack Kirby.
Loki is the brother and enemy of Thor. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Loki is one of the main characters and one of the most iconic characters of the franchise. He's initially a villain but later he becomes an antihero. The character Loki is played by Tom Hiddleston. In the movies, Loki is said to be Thor's brother (therefore Odin's son), only to discover he was adopted and is in fact a Jötunn and son of King Laufey, ruler of Jötunheim.

Division of Riverina

The Division of Riverina is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It is located in south-west rural New South Wales, generally following the Murrumbidgee River valley. It was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first Australian federal election in 1901. It was named after the Riverina region in which it is located. 

The division includes the cities of Wagga Wagga and Griffith and the towns of Coleambally, Coolamon, Gundagai, Hillston,Junee, Leeton, Narrandera, Temora, Tumut, Tumbarumba and West Wyalong. The Sturt Highway runs along the length of the division.
There was a by-election in Riverina in 1904. Robert Blackwood won the seat by only a few votes from John Chanter. The results were challenged in the courts and a new election was held in which Chanter won the seat. There was another by-election in 1965 after Hugh Roberton resigned.
In the 1984 the division was abolished and replaced by the Division of Riverina-Darling. In 1992 the division was re-created.

Originally the division included the Labor-voting mining towns of Broken Hill and Cobar, but these are now in the divisions of Farrer and Parkes. This has made Riverina a safe National Party seat.
Al Grassby was the Minister for Immigration in the Whitlam government.


Chamber

Chamber can mean several things:



Nonverbal learning disorder

A nonverbal learning disorder (or nonverbal learning disability), or NVLD, is a neurological problem. People with the disorder have good verbal skills, but they have problems with motor skills, social skills and other areas. A person with NVLD also has problems in non-verbal problem solving, understanding humor and rote learning (remembering something by repeating it).

NVLD is linked with autism spectrum disorders, mostly autism or Asperger's. Most people with either high-functioning autism or Asperger fit this actual type. This condition, though, is also tied to depression and anxiety.

Nonverbal learning disabilities affect one in ten learning disabled children.

Red snapper

Red snapper ("Lutjanus campechanus") is a fish from the western Atlantic Ocean. They are game fish. They live in the Gulf of Mexico and off the coast of the Southeastern United States. They live as far north as Massachusetts and Rhode Island, though this is far less common.

Some species sold as red snapper may be other fish in the family. The red snapper can be served in various ways for food.

Ed Schultz

Edward Schultz (January 27, 1954 – July 5, 2018) was an American television and radio host. His shows are about liberal politics. He had been a conservative before becoming liberal. He hosts "The Ed Show" on MSNBC and "Ed Schultz Show" on the radio.

He was born in Norfolk, Virginia. He hosted at many local stations in Fargo, North Dakota and its nearby areas.

In the 2016 presidential election, Schultz endorsed U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.

Schultz died on July 5, 2018 in Washington, D.C., aged 64.

Corkscrew

A corkscrew is a tool which is used to open wine bottles. It is inserted into the cork and used to pull the cork out of the wine bottle. Corkscrews are needed because the cork cannot be gripped otherwise.

In 1732 an anonymous poem shows just how far a man was willing to go to open a bottle of wine: 
With the popularity of wine today, a corkscrew is a common item in kitchens, pubs (bars) and restaurants. It takes between 50 and 100 pounds of force to remove a cork from a wine bottle. 

The basic design of a corkscrew is been based on a tool called a gun worm. This was used by a to remove an unfired bullet from a musket's barrel. In the 1800s, many manufacturers that made gun worms also made corkscrews. The first patented corkscrew in England was by Samuel Henshall in 1795. In 1883 a flat, lever-style corkscrew called the waiter's friend was invented in Germany by Karl Wienke. It is commonly used in restaurants today. 


Ronan Farrow

Ronan Farrow (born Satchel Ronan O'Sullivan Farrow; December 19, 1987) is an American activist. He is the son of actress Mia Farrow. It is not known who his father is - it may be filmmaker Woody Allen or singer Frank Sinatra. He was born in New York City. He has written for "The Guardian", "The Wall Street Journal", and other newspapers.

People v. Jackson

People v. Jackson was a 2005 trial against singer Michael Jackson. A 13-year-old boy called Gavin Arvizo accused him of sexual abuse in 2003. Jackson was charged with fourteen offences. These were four counts of molesting a child, four counts of getting a child drunk so that he could molest him, one count of trying to molest a child, and one count of secretly planning (conspiring) to hold the boy and his family captive at his Neverland Ranch. He called the charges “a big lie”. He was found not guilty of all charges. If Jackson was found guilty of all charges he could have been put in prison for 20 years.

On February 3 2003 a documentary called "Living with Michael Jackson" was shown on ITV in the United Kingdom. Three days later it was shown in the United States. In the documentary a British journalist called Martin Bashir asked Jackson questions about his life. In the documentary Jackson's accuser Gavin Arvizo was 12 years old. At one point he is filmed with Jackson. Jackson holds hands with Gavin. Gavin rests his head on Jackson's shoulder. At the trial Gavin said he did this because Jackson was his "best friend". Gavin tells Bashir that he slept in Jackson’s bed with his brother Star while Jackson slept on the floor. Jackson said many children had slept in his bed, including Macaulay Culkin, his brother Kieran, and his sisters.

Gavin later complained that he did not realize that the video was going to be shown all over the world. Janet Arvizo said that she did not say that Bashir could film her son. She did not know that he had been filmed until the show was on TV. After the video was shown he was teased at school about being 'the kid that got raped by Michael Jackson'.

The court and the media called Arvizo "John Doe" until February 2005. Gavin Arvizo was born to David and Janet Arvizo in December 1989. He lived in a small apartment in Los Angeles with his parents, his sister and his brother. In 2000 Arvizo was diagnosed with cancer. Jackson rung him at the hospital. In August 2000 Arvizo stayed at Jackson's home Neverland Ranch for the first time. He slept in Jackson's bed with his brother while Jackson slept on the floor.

Gavin's father, David Arvizo, visited Neverland several times in 2000.

A psychiatrist said that Arvizo was schizophrenic.
Maria Gomez, a maid at Neverland Ranch, said that Gavin's mother Janet encouraged her children to call Jackson "dad".

On November 25 2003 Jackson was arrested. He was released an hour after paying $3 million bail. In an interview with "60 Minutes" he said that he was locked in the toilet for 45 minutes. He showed big bruises on his arm, which he said were caused by handcuffs.

On December 18, 2003 he was charged.

On January 31, 2005 the trial began. Each day Sky One showed a re-enactment of the day's events in the trial, because cameras were not allowed in the courtroom. The first witness that the prosecution called was Martin Bashir. "Living with Michael Jackson" was shown to the jury.

On March 10, 2005 Jackson went to hospital because of a back injury. Jackson went into court an hour and thirty minutes late. He was wearing pyjama pants and slippers. Bill Fallon suggested that Jackson was guilty.

Starr and Janet Arvizo said that they saw Jackson licking Gavin's head on February 7, 2003.

On March 15, Sgt Robel told the court that Arvizo said he had been molested five to seven times but could only describe two of the molestations in detail.

On May 10, 2005 Macaulay Culkin gave evidence. He said that he had slept in Jackson's bed, but had never been molested. Phillip LeMarque, who was a chef at Neverland from 1991 to 1992, said that he saw Jackson with one hand in Culkin's shorts.

On June 13, 2005 Jackson was found not guilty of all charges.

Michael Jackson died on June 25, 2009.

In May 2013 Wade Robson filed a complaint against the Michael Jackson Estate for "childhood sexual abuse". Robson was Jackson's first defense witness for People v. Jackson. 

Oswiu of Northumbria

Oswiu (–15 February 670), also known as Oswy or , became the King of Bernicia at the death of his brother Oswald. Later he became the King of Northumbria. When Oswiu defeated and killed Penda of Mercia at the Battle of the Winwaed, he became the seventh over the southern English kings. He took the throne of Mercia and appointed his son-in-law Peada (Penda's son) as a client king. Oswiu was one of those rare kings of Northumbria who died of natural causes and not in battle.

Oswiu was born He was a son of King Athelfrith of Bernicia and his second wife Acha of Deira. He was a younger brother of King Oswald of Northumbria. When he was about 6 years old his father was killed in battle by Edwin who became King of Northumbria. Along with his brothers Eanfrith and Oswald and their sister Aebbe, he found safety with the Scots in Dál Riata. The monks of Iona baptized the children and raised them in the Celtic Christian faith.

About 634 Oswiu married Rhiainmelt, daughter of Rhoeth of Rheged, a marriage alliance arranged by his brother King Oswald. He had a son by this marriage, Alfrith of Deira. Rhiainmelt seems to have died as a year later Oswiu was in Ireland with the Dál Riatans. There he was involved with Fina, the daughter of the high King Colman. There is no record they married but they had a son Aldfrith of Northumbria (Irish name "Flann Fína mac Oswiu").

When his brother Oswald was killed in 642, the overlordship died with him. Oswald had been king of a combined Bernicia, Deira and Lindsey (kingdom). But Northumbria was divided back into its earlier weaker sub-kingdoms. Penda, now the most powerful king in England took Lindsey. Oswiu became King of Bernicia. Oswine claimed Deira, preventing Oswiu from keeping it with Bernicia. A year after it happened Oswiu recovered parts of his brother's body from the battlefield where he died. Oswiu had Oswald's arm enshrined in his royal centre at Bamburgh and his head was taken to Lindisfarne.

Oswiu invaded Deira in 651 seeking to reunite Deira with Bernicia. Oswine was betrayed by one of his own noblemen and was murdered in 651 on Oswiu's orders. But the Deirans chose Athelwald, Oswiu's nephew, as their king. Athelwald then aligned himself with Oswiu's enemy, Penda. Deira was under the protection of Mercia for the next three years. But Penda was determined to defeat Oswiu and take Bernicia as well. In 654 Penda raised a large army of some thirty 'legions'. According to Bede, Penda attacked Oswiu several times. With a much smaller force Oswiu attacked Penda's army near the banks of the River Winwaed. Most of the commanders of the thirty legions were killed including King Anna of East Anglia and Penda. From this time Oswiu became the or overlord over all the southern English people including Mercia. Mercia was then divided. North of the River Trent was controlled directly by Oswiu. He made Peada of Mercia, Penda's son, king over the part of Mercia south of the Trent. Peada had married Oswiu's daughter, Alflaed. Peada was murdered five months later by Alflaed, possibly on Oswiu's orders. Mercians rebelled against Oswiu and Peada's brother Wulfhere became king of Mercia.

When Oswiu and Eanflaed were married, he was raised in the Celtic church while she was raised in the Roman church. The main difference was how each calculated the date of Easter. Members of the Celtic church might be celebrating Easter while the Roman church was celebrating Lent. In 658 his son Alfrith, who now supported the Roman Church, replaced several of his Celtic church officials with those from the Roman church.

To resolve the differences between the two religions in his kingdom, Oswiu called for a in 664. Called the Synod of Whitby it was to decide on when to celebrate Easter and what rules the monasteries in Northumbria would follow. Members of the church were summoned from all over the north. The Roman position was given by Wilfrid who would afterwards become Bishop of Northumbria. Bishop Colmán argued for the Ionan calculation of Easter given them by Columba, founder of their order. Oswiu made the decision in favor of the Roman practice, uniting Northumbria under one religion. It joined Northumbrian religious practices to those of the southern English.

Bede, in his "Ecclesiastical History", Book IV, chapter 5 gives the date of Oswiu's death as 15 February, 670 and his age at 58. His wife Eanflaed retired to the monastery at Whitby. This is where their daughter, also named Enflaed, was brought up. In 680 Enflaed and her daughter became joint abbesses at Whitby. Enflaed died .

Based on Nennius' "Historia Brittonum" Oswiu's first wife was a Briton named Reinmelth. She was the daughter of Royth, King of Rheged. Together they had a son:

<br>
By Fina, daughter of the Irish High King Coleman, he had:

<br>
Oswiu married Eanflaed, daughter of King Edwin of Deira. Together they had:



John Button

John Button (27 July 1943 – 12 January 2014) was an English Rallycross driver. He was also the father of 2009 Formula One World Champion Jenson Button. His best overall results were both in 1976. He finished second in the Embassy/RAC-MSA British Rallycross and TEAC/Lydden Rallycross championships that year. 

Button was born in London. He died at his home in the south of France on 12 January 2014. It was suspected to be a heart attack. He was aged 70.

Chris Elliott

Christopher Nash "Chris" Elliott (born May 31, 1960) is an American actor, comedian, author, screenwriter, and television director. He is known for his roles in "Cabin Boy", "There's Something About Mary", "Scary Movie 2", and in "Groundhog Day".


Division of Robertson

The Division of Robertson is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It was named after Sir John Robertson, the fifth Premier of New South Wales.

The division is located on the coast north of the Hawkesbury River. It includes the towns of Woy Woy, Gosford and Terrigal.

Roger Dean resigned in 1964 to become the Administrator of the Northern Territory. Barry Cohen was the Minister for Home Affairs and the Environment from 1983 to 1984 and then Minister for Arts, Heritage and the Environment until 1987 in the Hawke government.


Bob Elliott

Robert Brackett "Bob" Elliott (March 26, 1923 – February 2, 2016) was an American actor and comedian. He was known for acting in the comedy duo of Bob and Ray. He is the father of comedian/actor Chris Elliott and the grandfather of former "Saturday Night Live" cast member Abby Elliott.

Elliott was born on March 26, 1923 in Boston, Massachusetts. He died at his home in Cundy Harbor, Maine from throat cancer on February 2, 2016 at the age of 92.


Scary Movie

Scary Movie is an American comedy movie. It is a parody of horror movies. It is directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans. It stars Anna Faris, Jon Abrahams, Shannon Elizabeth, Regina Hall, Marlon Wayans, Shawn Wayans and Carmen Electra. It was released to mixed reviews on July 7, 2000. It was followed by four sequels: "Scary Movie 2", "Scary Movie 3", "Scary Movie 4" and "Scary Movie 5".

Mishon Ratliff

Mishon Ratliff (born February 3, 1993), also simply called Mishon, is an American singer, dancer and actor. Ratliff is best known for his role as Taylor "Tay" Sutton on the ABC Family television series "Lincoln Heights". He has appeared on music television broadcast such as "Soul Train", "America's Most Talented Kid", "The Mo'Nique Show" and "106 & Park". As well as being an actor, Mishon is a musician who plays the keyboard and both acoustic and electric guitar.





Juan Gelman

Juan Gelman (3 May 1930 – 14 January 2014) was an Argentine poet of Jewish descent. He published more than twenty books of poetry. He began publishing in 1956. He won the Cervantes Prize in 2007.

Gelman died on 14 January 2014 in Mexico City from heart failure. He was aged 83.


Sammy Lee (diver)

Dr. Samuel "Sammy" Lee (August 1, 1920 – December 2, 2016) was an Korean-American diver. He was the first Asian-American to win an Olympic gold medal for the United States in 1948.

Lee was born in Fresno, California. He was raised in San Francisco, California. Lee studied at the Occidental College in Los Angeles and studied briefly at the University of Southern California.

He was also the first man to win gold medals "back-to-back" in Olympic platform diving. This means he won a second gold medal for the same event in the next Olympics, in 1952.

Lee, who suffered from dementia and heart disease, died of complications from pneumonia on December 2, 2016 at his home in Newport Beach, California, aged 96.


About Time (movie)

About Time is a romantic drama movie. It is about a man, played by Domhnall Gleeson, who can time travel. It is set in Cornwall and London. Rachel McAdams plays Mary, and Margot Robbie plays Charlotte. The movie was rated R by MPAA mostly for profanity.

"About Time" was released in the United Kingdom on September 4, 2013 and the United States on November 1, 2013.

Inside Llewyn Davis

Inside Llewyn Davis is a comedy-drama movie. It is about the title character living life in the 1960s in New York City. Carey Mulligan plays Jean, John Goodman plays Roland. This movie was rated R for profanity and sexual references.

The movie was released December 6, 2013 in limited, January 10, 2014 elsewhere.

Other People's Money

Other People's Money is a 1991 American romantic comedy-drama movie. The movie is about a successful corporate raider, Lawrence Garfield, who has become rich buying companies and selling their assets. Garfield has just decided on New England Wire and Cable as his next focus. The company is run by Andrew Jorgensen. Danny DeVito plays the raider, Lawrence Garfield. Piper Laurie plays Bea Sullivan. Penelope Ann Miller plays the lawyer Kate. The movie was released by Warner Bros.

It was released October 18, 1991. Reviews were mixed.

Hello I Must Be Going

Hello I Must be Going is a 2012 romantic comedy and drama movie. This movie is about problems with a family in Connecticut that force a very young woman to move back to live with her parents. Blythe Danner plays Ruth, Melanie Lynskey plays Amy. The movie was rated R for profanity by the Motion Picture Association of America.

This was released in September 2012 in the United States.

Division of Sydney

The Division of Sydney is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It is named for Sydney, which itself was named after former British Home Secretary Thomas Townshend, 1st Viscount Sydney. It was set up for the 1969 election to replace the old Division of East Sydney and Division of West Sydney.

The division is located around Sydney, and includes the suburbs of Alexandria, Balmain, Beaconsfield, Birchgrove, Broadway, Chippendale, Darlington, Erskineville, Forest Lodge, Glebe, Haymarket, Millers Point, Pyrmont, Redfern, Rosebery, Surry Hills, The Rocks, Ultimo, Waterloo, Zetland and parts of Annandale, Camperdown, Newtown, and Rozelle. The islands in Port Jackson from Spectacle Island to the Sydney Heads are included as well as Lord Howe Island in the Tasman.

Tanya Plibersek served in both the Rudd and Gillard governments as Minister for Health, Minister for Human Services and Minister for Housing. She has been Deputy Leader of the Opposition and Deputy Leader of the Labor Party since 2013.


Anu

In Sumerian mythology, Anu (also An) is a sky-god. Anu is the god of heaven, lord of constellations, and king of the gods, spirits and demons. He lived in the highest heavenly regions. People believed that he could judge people who had committed crimes. His attendant and minister of state is the god Ilabrat.

He is one of the oldest gods in the Sumerian religion. He is part of a triad with Enlil (god of the air) and Enki (god of water). He is called Anu by the Akkadians in Babylonian culture. His Greek name is Uranos. The planet Uranus got its name from the Greek god Uranos.


Just a Girl

"Just a Girl" is a popular song by No Doubt. It was released in 1995. The song peaked at #23 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 around the United States. This helped No Doubt get into the mainstream music.

The single was released in the United Kingdom in 1996. It reached only #38. When "Don't Speak" was released, however, "Just a Girl" was released again and peaked at #3.

The song was featured in two movies in the 1990s.

Spiderwebs (song)

"Spiderwebs" is a pop rock song by No Doubt. The lyrics are about a man who keeps calling Gwen and reciting bad poetry to her. It was released as a single in 1995. On the record charts it peaked near #5 three weeks after release.

Two separate music videos were made. One had exploding telephones. The other was set in a Japanese restaurant. Music Television (MTV) thought the telephone explosions were not good for young viewers to see, so they added more footage of the band.

Don't Speak

"Don't Speak" is a popular song by No Doubt. The lyrics are about heartache, pain and trouble in relationships. It was released as a single in 1995. The single did not chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 (rules at the time required that a commercial single were released, one was not issued on the song). It did, however, reach #1 on Hot 100 Airplay for 16 weeks. The song also hit #1 in United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, the Netherlands and New Zealand.

This was the most successful international song from the group.

Al Suomi

Albert William Suomi (October 29, 1913 – September 23, 2014) was an American retired professional ice hockey player. He played as a left winger. He played a total of five games in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1936-37 season.

He played his final season in professional hockey with the Chicago Hornets of the Arena Hockey League. He retired in 1937. Since retiring, Suomi started a hardware store called "Al's Hardware" in Countryside, Illinois. This is now run by his children. He is currently the oldest living former NHL player since Louis Holmes died in March 2010.


Allison Williams

Allison Williams (born April 13, 1988) is an American actress and comedian. She plays Marnie Michaels in the television drama "Girls". She plays Jillian in "The Mindy Project".

Allison Williams was born in New Canaan, Connecticut. Sources claim either 1987 or 1988 as her year of birth.

Agent Orange (band)

Agent Orange is an American punk rock band. They are from Orange County, California. The band became well known after the release of their song "Bloodstains". This was released on their first extended play "Bloodstains 7" E.P." The song was featured in the video game "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4" in 2002. Their song "Bored of You" was featured on the Channel X radio station in the video game "Grand Theft Auto V" (2013).





Gherkin

Gherkin might mean:


Willow Smith

Willow Camille Reign Smith (born October 31, 2000) is an American singer and actress. She is the daughter of actors Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith. She began acting in 2007 in the movie "I Am Legend". She released her first single "Whip My Hair" in 2010. She released a single with Nicki Minaj in 2011.

Willow Camilie Reign Smith singer and actress. As her acting career kick started, Smith made her acting debut in "I Am Legend" a post-apocalyptic action thriller film alongside her father. Her next film, "Kit Kittredge: An American Girl", a comedy-drama film was released on July 2, 2008. In 2008, she voiced in "Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa," a 2008 American computer-animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures, as character young Gloria the hippo alongside her mother as character of Gloria the hippo.

Smith's mother Jada Pinkett Smith announced in an interview on "Lopez Tonight" that Smith would be releasing an album. Smith then released her first single, "Whip My Hair", which went platinum in the US and peaked at number eleven. In the UK the single peaked at number two. It sold 1,216,000 digital copies in the US. Smith soon after announced her next single, "21st Century Girl". The video clip of the song shows Willow on the set of the music video. 21st Century Girl is an upbeat dance song and was produced by Swedish production team Twin. She performed the song on "The Oprah Winfrey Show", she released it the next day on February 3, 2011. The video was released March 9, 2011.

On October 6, 2011, "Fireball", a collaboration between Smith and rapper Nicki Minaj, was released. It was released on iTunes two days later and was released to U.S. urban radio on October 18, 2011. In the song, Minaj says: "Ok, I'm the street fighter, call me Chun-Li" making referring to the character Chun-Li from the video game franchise Street Fighter. The song was a commercial failure, failing to chart in any type of music market, except the US R&B chart, charting at 121. It was her first song to miss the "Billboard" Hot 100. Smith's producer announced that they were almost finished working on her debut album, and that it would be done soon. He also said it has a similar style to "Whip My Hair". The name of the album was later announced to be "Knees and Elbows". It was scheduled to be released around April 2012, but was later announced that it would be released later in the year.

She released a music video for "Do it Like Me (Rockstar)", saying that it was her "first video ever".

Smith released the "I Am Me" music video at the BET Awards.

She released her fourth single, "I Am Me" via iTunes and Amazon.

"Knees and Elbows" has still not been released yet and has most likely been abandoned and scrapped.

Smith and DJ Fabrega started a duo named "Melodic Chaotic". "The Intro" was released as the first track,

"Summer Fling" was released as the second track of the two. The music video was directed by Smith and Mike Vargas who previously directed her single "I Am Me". The song has been loads of criticism for its mature tone, the use of the word "fling", and the fake English accent she tries to speak.

Smith performed "Summer Fling" on the series premiere of "The Queen Latifah Show". During the performance, she said: "Just for clarity, the word "fling" means something that's short lived...And this song is dedicated to all the kids around the world whose summer is never long enough."

Smith and FADER announced that Smith would be releasing her first EP, titled "3", on October 31, 2014 for free via Google Play for limited time and November 10, 2014, but it was later pushed to November 17, 2014 via iTunes.

The same day, she held a concert in New York City at The FADER Fort, where she performed select tracks from her new EP with SZA. She also performed the song "5" with her brother, as well as "Summer Fling" and a new mix of her famous hit "Whip My Hair".

Smith released the single "F Q-C #7" which was a major commercial failure, failing to get on any charts. An music video was released for the song the same day on Vevo.

After release, a video to the track "Why Don't You Cry" was released.

Willow released her first album "Ardipithecus". About her debut's title album, Willow said "Ardipithecus Ramidus Sahelanthropus tchadensis is the scientific name of the first hominid bones found on earth. I wanted to name my musical compilation after it because, while I was making these songs, I was in such a transitional state. Digging deep in the soil of my heart and finding bits and pieces of my ancient self that tell stories, which end up being the lyrics to the songs."

Fashion Awards Smith won an award for New Fashion Icon.

She self-released a only streaming album titled ""Mellifluous""

Her single "Wait a minute" taken from her album ""Mellifluous" saw little success upon it's release" and which saw it's sales and streams go up to a million in the United States.

On her birthday, October 31, 2017, she released her second studio album ""The 1st"" which is praised for its musical development, but mostly focusing Willow's ability to create music following her 1990s R&B predecessors, apart from not having been lively during the time.

She toured the album with Jhene Aiko alongside St. Beauty, Kodie Shane, and Kitty Cash. Along with her mother and grandmother, Adrienne Banfield-Norris, Smith hosts "Red Table Talk", a web talk show for which she received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination.

Smith announced her third studio album, "Willow".

It was released and was co-produced by herself and Tyler Cole. The album includes a feature from her brother Jaden Smith which is the song "U know" anc was produced by Tyler Cole.

Smith and Cole later released a collaborative album titled "The Anxiety".

Smith released "Transparent Soul" featuring Travis Barker, a pop-punk song that was her first song into that genre. Willow described the song as having been written during a very introspective time at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, and inspired by a quote from Hindu guru Radhanath Swami. Smith was also inspired to enter the genre by her mother, Jada Pinkett Smith, who previously was in nu metal band Wicked Wisdom in the early 2000s

Smith released her fourth album "Lately I Feel Everything", featuring guests artists including Tierra Whack, Avril Lavigne and Travis Barker.The album has two singles, "Transparent Soul" and "Lipstick"

Criminal law

Criminal law is the part of law that is about social norms. People who violate these norms are punished for their violation. It is different from civil law. Criminal law wants to protect certain values, such as life and limb, or property. 

Criminal law has different objectives: 

Emmalyn Estrada

Emmalyn Estrada (born April 5, 1992) is a Canadian pop/R&B singer-songwriter, dancer, actress and musician. She sang hit songs such as "Get Down" in 2009.

Estrada was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. She is of Filipino descent.


Loan shark

A loan shark is a person that sells loans with very high interest rates. People go to loan sharks for many reasons. It is often because no one else will lend them money. Loan sharks tend to ask for something beforehand, like someone's passport. Loan sharks are often illegal.

Loan sharks are called 'loan sharks' because they are like sharks; aggressive, angry, and greedy. They can do many illegal things to just get repayment, like kidnapping or even killing.

Thomas Mesereau

Thomas Arthur Mesereau, Jr. (born July 1, 1950) is an American lawyer. He is best known for defending Michael Jackson in his child molestation trial during 2005. He works with another lawyer called Susan Yu. Mesereau lives in Los Angeles.

He was born in New York. 

Mesereau started a free legal clinic in the Morningside United Church of Christ in Los Angeles. He wrote the foreword for Aphrodite Jones' book "Michael Jackson Conspiracy" (2007).

In 2005 the magazine "GQ" put him on their list of "Men of the Year".

Free University of Berlin

The Freie Universität Berlin ("Free University of Berlin", often abbreviated as "FU Berlin") is a university in Berlin. It is known for its research in the humanities and social sciences, as well as in the field of natural and life sciences.
The university was founded in Berlin-Dahlem, a district in the south west of Berlin during the time of the Cold War in 1948. Today, the university has three bigger campuses: the main campus Dahlem, the "Campus Düppel" with animal clinics and other institutes related to veterinary medicine and the "Geocampus" in Lankwitz, which is home to the "Department of Earth Sciences". The medical department of the FU Berlin is part of the "Charité - University Medicine Berlin", a joint institution with the Humboldt University. The university library has a total of about 8.5 million volumes and is the biggest university library system in Germany. Freie Universität has over 400 partner universities all over the world, many of them through the "ERASMUS programme". According to various international rankings, Freie Universität is one of the best universities in Germany. In 2007 (and 2012 again), the Freie Universität was one of eleven universities to be successful in the "German Excellence Initiative", a national competition by the German government. University alumni include five Nobel Prize winners and 15 winners of the national Leibniz Prize.

Freie Universität offers over 150 different subjects in 12 departments and three central institutes:


The "Botanical Garden" with over 22,000 different kinds of plants is one of the biggest in the world.


Shmuley Boteach

Shmuel "Shmuley" Boteach (born November 19, 1966 in Los Angeles) is an American Orthodox rabbi, politician and writer. He hosted a reality television series called "Shalom in the Home" on the TLC network.

Boteach ran for the U.S. House of Representatives in the 2012 elections. He received the support of then-House Majority Leader Eric Cantor in April. Boteach won the Republican primary for New Jersey's 9th congressional district seat on June 5, and lost to 8th District Representative Bill Pascrell in the November election, by a margin of 73.6% to 25.4%.

Boteach is married to Debbie Boteach. He became friends with Michael Jackson in the 1990s. He was Jackson's Rabbi for two years.


Gloria Allred

Gloria Rachel Allred (born July 3, 1941) is an American civil rights lawyer. She was born to a Jewish family. She is a feminist. Her book "Fight Back and Win: My Thirty-Year Fight Against Injustice and How You Can Win Your Own Battles" was published in 2007. Her daughter, Lisa Bloom, is also a lawyer.

Allred was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Miami cannibal attack

The Miami cannibal attack happened on May 26, 2012. Rudy Eugene assaulted Ronald Poppo, a homeless man on the MacArthur Causeway in Miami, Florida, United States. Eugene bit off most of Poppo's face above his beard. The attack ended when Eugene was shot dead by a police officer. It is not known why the attack happened.

Vesper bat

The Vesper bat is a species of bat belonging to the Microchiroptera family. It is the largest and most well-known species belonging to that family. The bats can be found in different parts of all continents except Antarctica. They are thought to have originally come from somewhere in North America.

The Vesper bat can range from in length. They have brown or grey colored fur. Like most bats, the Vesper bat relies on echolocation to navigate in flight, and find its prey. This is very useful because they cannot see, and live in caves or other dark, empty, damp areas.

A Time for Choosing

A Time for Choosing (also called The Speech) was a speech made by Ronald Reagan in 1964 in Los Angeles. It was given during the campaign for the 1964 United States presidential election. He gave the speech on behalf of Republican candidate Barry Goldwater. Soon afterward, Reagan was asked to run for Governor of California.


Reagan Doctrine

The Reagan Doctrine was a document by the United States under the Reagan Administration. It was about being against the global influence of the Soviet Union during the final years of the Cold War. The doctrine lasted for less than a decade, it was the most important document of United States foreign policy from the early 1980s until the end of the Cold War in 1991.

Jack Reagan

John Edward "Jack" Reagan (July 13, 1883 – May 18, 1941) was the father of United States President Ronald Reagan and his older brother Neil "Moon" Reagan. He was married to Nelle Wilson Reagan from 1904 until his death in 1941.


Neil Reagan

John Neil Reagan (September 16, 1908 – December 11, 1996) was an American business executive. He was the manager of a radio station. He was also a senior producer at CBS and senior vice president of McCann Erickson. He was the older brother of Ronald Reagan.


Nelle Wilson Reagan

Nelle Clyde Wilson Reagan (July 24, 1883 – July 25, 1962) was the mother of United States President Ronald Reagan and his older brother Neil "Moon" Reagan.

Nelle was of Scots-English ancestry. She met Jack Reagan in a farming town on the prairie of Illinois. The two were married in Fulton in November 1904. They had two children: Neil and Ronald Reagan. After the birth of her second son, Nelle was told not to have any more children. The Reagan family moved from Tampico to Chicago and many small towns in Illinois. Where they lived depended on where Jack was working.

Nelle died from complications of Alzheimer's disease. She died on July 25, 1962, aged 79. Her son, Ronald, would die of the same disease.


Martha Coakley

Martha Mary Coakley (born July 14, 1953) is the Attorney General of Massachusetts. Before that, she was the District Attorney for Middlesex County, Massachusetts (1999-2007). She is a Democrat. She was born in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.

In 2010, Coakley was the Democratic nominee for the United States Senate in the special election to replace Ted Kennedy following his death, but lost to Republican Scott Brown.

Attorney general

An attorney general is the main legal advisor for governments. In some areas, he or she might be also in charge of law enforcement and public prosecutions.

In United Kingdom, attorneys general are called Law Officers of the Crown.

District attorney

In most areas of the United States, a district attorney is the elected or appointed official that prosecutes (makes a case against) criminal offenses.

In the United Kingdom, district attorneys are called Crown Prosecutors.

Adolf Dassler

Adolf "Adi" Dassler (3 November 1900 – 6 September 1978) was a German businessman and entrepreneur. He was born in Herzogenaurach. He started the sportswear company Adidas.


Yegor Ligachyov

Yegor Kuzmich Ligachev (, 29 November 1920 – 7 May 2021) was a Soviet politician. He was a high-ranking official in the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU). He was the Second Secretary of the Party when Mikhail Gorbachev was serving as General Secretary.

Ligachev was born on 29 November 1920 in Dubinkino. It is close to Novosibirsk. He died on 7 May 2021 in Moscow, aged 100.


South African Defence Force

The South African Defence Force (SADF) was the name of the South African military from 1957 to 1994. It replaced the Union Defence Force (UDF) in 1957. The SADF, in turn, was replaced by the South African National Defence Force (SANDF) in 1994.

The South African Defence Force had four branches: the South African Army, the South African Navy, the South African Air Force, and, the South African Medical Service.

The SADF implemented conscription of white South Africans. However, black, Indian, and Coloured South Africans could serve in the SADF as volunteers.

Within South Africa, the SADF was used to suppress opposition to apartheid, often directly supporting the South African Police. South African military units were also involved in the Angolan Civil War an the side of the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) and Angolan rebel leader Jonas Savimbi. The SADF was also deployed during the related South African border and Namibian independence wars.

South Africa was the only country in Africa to have nuclear weapons, but these weapons were destroyed by the South African government during the transition to democracy. South Africa has not built nuclear weapons since.

With the a multiracial democracy introduced to South Africa in 1994, the SADF was merged with the defence forces of several formerly "independent" homelands, as well as the ANC's Umkhonto we Sizwe (Spear of the Nation), the PAC's Azanian People's Liberation Army (APLA), and the self-protection units of the Inkatha Freedom Party (IPA). The new South African military became known as the South African National Defence Force.

Joanna Lumley

Joanna Lumley (born 1 May 1946) is an English former model and actress. She played Charlotte in the movie "Late Bloomers". She also played Mary Smiling in "Cold Comfort Farm". She has acted more often on television than in movies. Her best known acting role is Patsy Stone in the BBC sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous." She has a distinctive and recognisable voice that’s often heard on voiceover work. 

Lumley was born to British parents in British India. She was raised in Kent, England.

Katarina Čas

Katarina Čas (born September 23, 1976) is a Slovenian actress. She played Sophie in the movie "Imagine" (2014). She played Gabriela in the comedy movie "The Guard" (2011).

Čas was born in the former Republic of Yugoslavia.

Jon Bing

Jon Bing (30 April 1944 – 15 January 2014) was a Norwegian writer and law professor. He was a professor at the Norwegian Research Center for Computers and Law (NRCCL), and the Faculty of Law at the University of Oslo.

Bing was born on 30 April 1944 in Tønsberg. He died on 15 January 2014, at the age of 69, in Oslo. He died from a stroke.


Dominique McElligott

Dominique McElligott (5 October 1986) is an Irish actress. She appears in mostly independent movies. She played Joy Dietz in "Not Fade Away". She also played Emily in "Dark Floors".

McElligott was born in Dublin, Ireland.

Ivar Giaever

Ivar Giaever (; born April 5, 1929) is a Norwegian-American physicist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1973 with Leo Esaki and Brian Josephson. They were awarded it for their discoveries about the tunnelling phenomena in solids. He is a professor at the University of Oslo.


Duke Cunningham

Randall "Duke" Cunningham (born December 8, 1941) is a former member of the United States House of Representatives. He served the 50th Congressional District of California from 1991 to 2005 as a Republican. He is also used to work in the United States Navy.

Scandals ended his political career. Duke Cunningham pleaded guilty to tax evasion, conspiracy to commit bribery and other charges. He was then sentenced to prison in Tucson, Arizona. He was released from prison in February 2013. He then moved to New Orleans to spend time inside a halfway house.

Justin Trudeau

Justin Pierre James Trudeau (born December 25, 1971) is a Canadian politician. He is the 23rd and current Prime Minister of Canada. He is also the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. He was elected leader on April 14, 2013. After leading his party to a majority government win in the 2015 federal election, Trudeau became the Prime Minister. Since 2021, Trudeau is the senior G7 leader.

Trudeau was born at Ottawa Civic Hospital in Ottawa , He is the eldest son of former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He is the second child in Canadian history to be born while one of his parents was prime minister; the first was John A. Macdonald's youngest daughter Margaret Mary Macdonald.

Trudeau earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in literature from McGill University and a Bachelor of Education degree from the University of British Columbia. After he graduated, Trudeau worked as a social studies, drama, math and French elementary and high school teacher. He taught at West Point Grey Academy and Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Trudeau was elected for the first time in the 2008 federal election. He was the nominee for the Liberal Party in the electoral area of Papineau. He won more votes than the incumbent, Vivian Barbot of the Bloc Québécois.

On October 19, 2015, Trudeau and the Liberals won the most seats in the federal election. This was after one of the longest campaigns in over 100 years. The Liberals won 184 of the 338 seats in the House of Commons and 39.5% of the total vote. Because of this, they formed a majority government. Their seat count went up by 150 compared to the 2011 federal election.

The results were the second-best in the history of the Liberal Party. They did very well in the eastern half of Canada. They won all of the seats in Atlantic Canada and Toronto and won 40 seats in Quebec. In Quebec, they won the most seats since Pierre Trudeau's win in the 1980 election. It was also the first time since 1980 that the Liberals won more than half the seats in Quebec. The 150 seat gain was the biggest gain for any party in an election since Canadian Confederation. It was also the first time that a party went from third place in seat count to a majority government.

Trudeau and the Cabinet he chose were sworn in by the Governor General David Johnston on November 4, 2015.

In 2022, he invoked the Emergencies Act in response to the Canada convoy protest, the first time the act was brought into force since it was enacted in 1988. On March 15, 2024, Justin Trudeau was sued before the Ontario High Court for having illegally seized the bank accounts of protesters of the freedom convoys in 2022.

Trudeau visited the Governor General, Julie Payette on September 11, 2019. This was to ask that Parliament be dissolved and new elections would begin.

For the first time since 1979, the party that won the largest share of the national popular vote did not win the most seats. The Liberals under Trudeau had 33.1 per cent of the popular vote, while the Conservatives under Andrew Scheer had 34.4 per cent. It was also the first time a government took power with less than 35 per cent of the national popular vote since 1867.

On September 20, 2021 Trudeau and the Liberal Party won re-election as the party won 160 seats, allowing them to form a minority government.

Trudeau first met his wife, Sophie Grégoire, when they were both children growing up in Montreal. Grégoire was a friend of Trudeau's brother, Michel. They were married on May 28, 2005 in a Catholic wedding at the Sainte-Madeleine d'Outremont Church in Montreal. On August 2, 2023, Trudeau and Grégoire's separation was announced. They have three children together: a son, Xavier James Trudeau (born October 18, 2007), a daughter, Ella-Grace Margaret Trudeau (born February 5, 2009), and another son, Hadrien Grégoire Trudeau (born February 28, 2014).

On March 12, 2020, Trudeau and his wife Sophie Grégoire Trudeau isolated themselves, after she showed flu-like symptoms during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic. The Prime Minister's Office announced later that day that she had tested positive for COVID-19.


Nguyen Van Nhung

Major Nguyễn Văn Nhung (1919 or 1920 – 31 January 1964) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. He was also a professional killer.

He joined the French Army in 1944. This was when Vietnam was still ruled by France. During the First Indochina War, he left the French Army and joined Vietnamese National Army, which was supported by France. After the Republic of Vietnam was formed, he became a soldier of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. In November 1963, he killed President Ngo Dinh Diem and his brother.

Jennifer Nettles

Jennifer Odessa Nettles (born September 12, 1974) is an American country musician. She is the lead singer of the country group Sugarland. Nettles' first solo album, "That Girl", was released on January 14, 2014.

Nettles was born in Douglas, Georgia.

Homology (mathematics)

In mathematics, homology is a certain procedure to associate a sequence of abelian groups or modules with a mathematical object, such as a topological space or a group. The word homology has the Ancient Greek root "homos", which means "identical". 

For a topological space, the homology groups are generally much easier to compute than the homotopy groups, and consequently one usually will have an easier time working with homology to help with the classification of spaces.

The original motivation for defining homology groups is the observation that shapes are distinguished by their "holes". Since a "hole" is defined by something that is "not there", this poses the problem of how to define what a hole is, and how to distinguish between different kinds of holes. Homology is a rigorous mathematical method for defining and categorizing holes in a shape. As it turns out, there are some kinds of holes that homology cannot "see" — in which case homotopy groups may be what is needed.

Sue Ane Langdon

Sue Ane Langdon (previously Sue Lookhoff; born 8 March 1936) is a retired American actress. 

She began her career with singing and theatre. On the television series "Perry Mason", she played Rowena Leach. She also acted in lots of movies. Her character was Opal Ann in the 1970 movie "The Cheyenne Social Club".
Langdon was born in Paterson, New Jersey.


Ellen Corby

Ellen Hansen Corby (June 3, 1911 — April 14, 1999) was an American actress. Her most famous role was Grandma Esther Walton in the television drama "The Waltons". She played that role from 1972 to 1980. She received three Emmy Awards for it.

Corby was born in Racine, Wisconsin. She grew up in Philadelphia. She suffered a stroke in November 1976. She died in 1999 in Los Angeles, California.

Chantico

Chantico was the Aztec goddess of both pain and pleasure. She is also the goddess of the family hearth, the home and volcanoes. According to Aztec myths she brings wealth and stability to the home. Chantico protects the home from thieves and losing things. She is sometimes shown wearing a crown of cactus spikes and red snakes. She is the 'Lady of the chili pepper' and is sometimes shown with one or two pods of red chilies.

The meaning of her name is 'in the house', meaning she lives in the house. According to one myth she was changed into a dog and another name for her was Quaxolotl. 


The Unsinkable Molly Brown

The Unsinkable Molly Brown is a musical drama movie from 1964. It is about the title character (originally Margaret Brown) who survived the sinking of the RMS "Titanic" in 1912. Debbie Reynolds plays Molly Brown.

The movie received good reviews. It received several Academy Award nominations. It was released in the United States in June 1964.

Hermione Baddeley

Hermione Baddeley (13 November 1906 – 19 August 1986) was an English character actress. She played Mrs. Worth in "The Happiest Millionaire" in 1967. Three years before that, she played Ellen in the 1964 musical "Mary Poppins", which won several Academy Awards. She played Madame Adelaide in "The Aristocats".

Baddeley was born in Broseley, Shropshire, England. She died at age 79 in Los Angeles after suffering several strokes.

Trial of Conrad Murray

The trial of Conrad Murray (People of the State of California v. Conrad Robert Murray) was the American criminal trial of Michael Jackson's personal physician, Conrad Murray. Murray was charged with the involuntary manslaughter of the pop star for giving him an overdose of propofol. The trial started on September 27, 2011 at Los Angeles County Superior Court. In November 2011, the jury found Murray guilty. Murray was sentenced to four years in jail. In October 2013 Murray was released two years early. This was because of California prison overcrowding, plus good behavior. After Murray was released from jail he was on "60 Minutes". He said that Jackson killed himself.

3rd century BC

The 3rd century BC started the first day of 300 BC and ended the last day of 201 BC.


Dave Lee Travis

Dave Lee Travis (born 25 May 1945), also known as DLT, is a British radio and television presenter. He was born in Buxton, Derbyshire. He started being a presenter for BBC Radio 1 in 1967. From 1981 to 2001, Travis presented "A Jolly Good Show".

Travis married his wife Marianne in 1971. He said he has cheated on her "once or twice".

Travis was arrested on 15 November 2012 as part of Operation Yewtree, an investigation into sexual abuse by Jimmy Savile and other people. Travis was on trial for 14 counts of indecent assault and one count of sexual assault. He has pleaded not guilty to all charges. Travis told police that if he had known Savile was a pedophile he would have reported him. Travis was cleared of all but two charges on 13 February 2014. He was retried on those two charges and another charge. On 23 September 2014, he was convicted of one count of indecent assault.

Hebron

Hebron is a Palestinian city south of Jerusalem. It is in the Judaean Mountains, 930 meters (3,050 ft) above sea level. It is the largest city in the West Bank, and the second largest in the Palestinian territories after Gaza. There are about 215,000 people living in Hebron (2016).

Hebron is divided into two parts: H1, controlled by the Palestinian National Authority, and H2, about 20% of the city, controlled by Israel.

The city is famous as the traditional burial site of the Biblical Patriarchs and Matriarchs. This makes it a very important city in Judaism. It is also very important to Muslims because of its connections with Abraham.

Hebron is important to the economy of the area due to the sale of marble from quarries. It is known for its grapes, figs, limestone, pottery workshops and glassblowing factories. It is also the location of the major dairy-product maker, "al-Junaidi". The old city of Hebron has narrow, winding streets, flat-roofed stone houses, and old bazaars. The city is home to Hebron University and the Palestine Polytechnic University. It has no cinemas or places of entertainment.


Guy Ourisson

Guy Henry Ourisson (March 26, 1926 – November 4, 2006) was a French chemist. He was vice president and later president of the Academy of Sciences.

In 1952 he got a PhD from Harvard University. In 1954, he got a doctorate in physics from the Sorbonne under the direction of G. Dupont. At the University of Strasbourg, he was appointed as a lecturer in 1955, professor in 1958. He became a retired professor in 1995.

He died, aged 80, in Strasbourg.

Abraham Cressy Morrison

Abraham Cressy Morrison (1888-1951) was an American chemist. He was President of the New York Academy of Sciences.

He was known to his close friends as "Cressy". His wife was the former Marguerite Snow of New York. He loved to fish and entertain at their summer home on Deer Isle, south of Bangor, Maine.

Morrison published a book called "Man in a Chemical World: The Service of Chemical Industry" (New York: Scribner's Sons, 1937). It is a work on science for the general reader. He is better known for his book "Man Does Not Stand Alone", which was published in 1944. His largest work was "The Baking Powder Controversy" (New York: American Baking Powder Association, 1904–07). This is a work in two volumes on the history of the baking powder industry in the U.S.


Hybrid plasmid

A hybrid plasmid is a plasmid that contains an inserted piece of foreign DNA.

Zeatin

Zeatin is a plant hormone taken from adenine. It is most commonly found in coconut milk and young corn seeds.

Zeatin and multiple other hormones in its family are known to make plants grow faster. The hormone is used to start seed growth in young plants. It is also used in many anti-aging formulae.

Megan Charpentier

Megan Charpentier (born May 26, 2001) is an American and Canadian actress. She was born in California. She grew up in Canada.

She appears as young Valerie in the 2011 movie "Red Riding Hood".

Megan plays a girl named Chrystal, who can hear a cat talk in the movie "Grumpy Cat's Worst Christmas Ever". The movie was first shown on Lifetime television on November 29, 2014.

Mama (movie)

Mama is a 2013 Spanish supernatural horror movie directed by Andy Muschietti. It is about two young girls abandoned in a forest cabin. The two girls, Victoria and Lilly, have different personality traits from one another. The story begins during the 2008 financial crisis and continues to 2013.

The movie got good reviews from critics. It became successful in the box office.

Russell Johnson

Russell David Johnson (November 10, 1924 – January 16, 2014) was an American television and movie actor. He was best known as "The Professor" on the CBS television sitcom "Gilligan's Island". 

Johnson died at his home in Bainbridge Island, Washington on January 16, 2014. He died from kidney failure. He was 89 years old.


Dave Madden

David Joseph "Dave" Madden (December 17, 1931 – January 16, 2014) was a Canadian-American actor. He was known for his role as Reuben Kincaid on "The Partridge Family".

Madden died on January 16, 2014 in Jacksonville, Florida. He died from complications of myelodysplastic syndrome. He was aged 82.


Roger Lloyd-Pack

Roger Lloyd-Pack (8 February 1944 – 15 January 2014) was an English actor. He was best known for his roles as Trigger in the television shows "Only Fools and Horses", "The Vicar of Dibley" and "The Old Guys", and his role in the movie "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire".

Lloyd-Pack died from pancreatic cancer on 15 January 2014. He died at his home in Kentish Town. He was aged 69.


William Baumol

William Jack Baumol (February 26, 1922 – May 4, 2017) was an American economist. He was a professor of economics at New York University. He was also a retired professor at Princeton University. Baumol has written many books about labor market and other issues that affect the economy.

Baumol died on May 4, 2017 in New York City at the age of 95.


Tor Åge Bringsværd

Tor Åge Bringsværd (born 16 November 1939 in Skien) is an Norwegian author, playwright, editor and translator. He is perhaps best known for his speculative fiction. Together with Jon Bing, he is also considered the first Norwegian author to write science fiction books. He and Bing have been partners for a long time.

Nils Christie

Nils Christie (February 24, 1928 – May 27, 2015) was a Norwegian sociologist and criminologist. He was a professor of criminology at the Faculty of Law, University of Oslo since 1966. Among his books is "Limits to Pain". It was printed in Norwegian in 1981, "Pinens begrensning". It has been translated into eleven languages.


Fredrik Barth

Thomas Fredrik Weybye Barth (22 December 1928 – 24 January 2016) was a Norwegian social anthropologist. He published several ethnographic books with a clear formalistic view. He was born in Leipzig.

He was a professor in the Department of Anthropology at Boston University. He had previously been a professor at the University of Oslo, the University of Bergen, Emory University and Harvard University. He started the Department of Social Anthropology at the University of Bergen.

Barth died in Oslo, Norway on 24 January 2016 at the age of 87.


Clifford Geertz

Clifford James Geertz (August 23, 1926 – October 30, 2006) was an American anthropologist. He is known for his strong support for and influence on the practice of symbolic anthropology. He was considered for 30 years one of the most important cultural anthropologists in the United States. He was also a retired professor or "emeritus" at the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, until his death.


Division of Throsby

The Division of Throsby was an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales. It was named after Charles Throsby (1777-1828), a pioneer and explorer in the areas south of Sydney.

Throsby included Albion Park, Berkeley, Berrima, Blackbutt, Bowral, Cringila, Dapto, Exeter, Fitzroy Falls, Horsley, Kembla Grange, Lake Illawarra, Mittagong, Moss Vale, Oak Flats, Port Kembla, Robertson, Warrawong, Welby, Willow Vale, and parts of Warilla.

Jennie George was the first woman to be the President of the Australian Council of Trade Unions (ACTU) 1996-2000.



Biker Mice from Mars

Biker Mice from Mars is a cartoon created by "Rick Ungar" that first aired in 1993 in the United States and lasted for three seasons before it was cancelled. It is about three human like mice named Throttle, Modo, and Vinnie. Although there are battles, no blood is shown, no guns are used and many villains are monsters, aliens, and robots.




In most episodes Limburger tell Karbunkle to use transporter to bring in one of the very powerful super villains. Each of them have one special ability which is useful for Limburger´s plan in hand.

A "Biker Mice from Mars" video game was released by "Konami" for the Super Nintendo in 1994. The European version features advertisements for Snickers candy bars.


Juicy J

Jordan Michael Houston (born April 5, 1975), better known by his stage name Juicy J, is an American rapper, songwriter and record producer. He is from Memphis, Tennessee. He is a founding member of the Southern hip hop group Three 6 Mafia. They formed in 1991.



King L

Louis Johnson Jr. (born December 27, 1987), better known by his stage name King Louie (or King L), is an American rapper. He is from Chicago, Illinois. He is signed to the record label Epic Records. King L collaborated with the likes of 2 Chainz, Chief Keef, Lil Durk, Lil Bibby, and Kanye West.



That Awkward Moment

That Awkward Moment is a 2014 American romantic comedy movie written by Tom Gormican in his drectorial debut. It stars Zac Efron, Miles Teller, Michael B. Jordan, Imogen Poots, Mackenzie Davis and Jessica Lucas.

After Mikey's break-up, Jason and Daniel promise to stay single with him. However, they both end up falling in love and have to avoid facing their promise.

7.92×57mm Mauser

The 7.92×57mm Mauser, aka 8mm Mauser round is a German bullet first used in the G98 Mauser rifle. Other German rifles chambered (Size of the bullet the gun can take) in 7.92×57mm include weapons such as the K98, MG34, MG42, FG42, G41, and G43. 

A variant (Different style) of the 7.92×57mm, the 7.92×33 mm "8mm Kurz", was created as an intermediate cartridge intended to be used in urban warfare, as the German army learned from fighting in cities, mainly in Russia after Operation Barbarossa. The 8mm Kurz was used in the STG44 assault rifle. This round, weapon, and concept was picked up and expanded on by the Russians after the war, and this led up to the development of the 7.62×39mm cartridge used in the SKS45, AK47 (and variants), and the RPD light machine gun.

After World War II, Germany was split into two countries, West Germany and East Germany, and both countries stopped using 8mm Mauser weapons. This was because the alliances they made required them to use the same ammunition for all their weapons as their allies. West Germany would use NATO weapons, and East Germany would use Warsaw Pact weapons.

Logan Browning

Logan Laurice Browning (born June 9, 1989) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She is best known for playing Sasha in the movie "Bratz: The Movie" (2007) and Brianna in "Meet the Browns". She currently stars as Jelena Howard on the VH1 series "Hit the Floor".

Browning joined the cast of "Meet the Browns" during the second season. She replaced Brianne Gould as the character Brianna Ortiz. She also makes a brief appearance in Prima J's "Rockstar" music video, as well as B5's music video "U Got Me". She also had a recurring role on the Disney XD series "Pair of Kings".

Olympus Has Fallen

Olympus Has Fallen is an American action movie from 2013. It is about commandos from North Korea holding people hostage in the White House. It stars Gerard Butler, Morgan Freeman, and Aaron Eckhart. It was released in summer of 2013.

A sequel, "London Has Fallen", was released in March 2016.

José Sulaimán

José Sulaimán Chagnón (born May 30, 1931 – January 16, 2014) was a Mexican boxing official. He was the president of the World Boxing Council. He was entered into the International Boxing Hall of Fame on June 10, 2007.

Sulaimán was born in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas. He died in Los Angeles, California.


Arvid Carlsson

Arvid Carlsson (25 January 1923 – 29 June 2018) was a Swedish neuropharmacologist. He was best known for his work with the neurotransmitter dopamine and its effects on Parkinson's disease. 

He won the Wolf Prize in Medicine in 1979.

For his work on dopamine, Carlsson was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2000. He won the award alongside Eric Kandel and Paul Greengard.


Paul Greengard

Paul Greengard (December 11, 1925 – April 13, 2019) was an American neuroscientist (neurobiologist), biochemist, and pharmacologist of Jewish descent.

He was best known for his work on the molecular and cellular function of neurons. In 2000, Greengard, Arvid Carlsson and Eric Kandel were awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for their discoveries concerning signal transduction in the nervous system.

Greengard died on April 13, 2019 in New York City at the age of 93.


Anne Jeffreys

Anne Jeffreys (January 26, 1923 – September 27, 2017) was an American actress and singer. She was known for her works in "Topper", "Street Scene", and the musicals "Kiss Me, Kate" (1948) and the musical "Three Wishes for Jamie" (1952). She replaced Patricia Morison in the musical "Kiss Me, Kate".

Jeffreys was born Annie Carmichael in Goldsboro, North Carolina on January 26, 1923.

Jeffreys died on September 27, 2017 at the age of 94.


Bảo Đại

Bảo Đại (22 October 1913 – 30 July 1997) was the last king of Vietnam. He was the 13th and last king of the Nguyễn Dynasty. He was the leader of the country during World War II.

Bảo Đại ruled as the King of Annam from 1926 to 1945. Japan briefly took control of Vietnam in 1945, and Bảo Đại was made Emperor of Vietnam but with little real power. France took back control of Vietnam in 1949 as the State of Vietnam. Bảo Đại served as Chief of State from then to 1955, but the French had the real power.

Bảo Đại was born on 22 October 1913 and given the name of Prince Nguyễn Phúc Vĩnh Thụy in the Palace of Doan-Trang-Vien. He was sent to France to be educated. On 8 January 1926, he was made the emperor after his father's death and took the name Bảo Đại (Protector of Grandeur).

In 1940, during the WW2, Imperial Japan took over French Indochina. In 1945, the Japanese made Bảo Đại into declaring Vietnamese independence from France as a member of Japan's sphere of influence; the country then became the Empire of Vietnam. The Japanese surrendered to the Allies in August 1945, the Viet Minh aimed to take power in Vietnam. Due to Hồ Chí Minh's popular political stand against the French and the 1945 famine, he was able to persuade Bảo Đại to abdicate and hand over power to the communists.

Bảo Đại was a advisor during the First Indochina War. During the war, he signed many treaties which made him very unpopular.

After the First Indochina War, a peace deal was made to split Vietnam into two, with State of Vietnam receiving the South. Bảo Đại remained "Head of State" of South Vietnam, but moved to Paris and appointed Ngô Đình Diệm as his prime minister.

A rigged referendum made Ngô Đình Diệm the president of the new Republic of Vietnam, so Bảo Đại was removed from power. 

Home Alone: The Holiday Heist

Home Alone: The Holiday Heist (or Home Alone 5) is an American children's criminal family comedy television movie. It is set in Maine. It is the fifth movie in the successful "Home Alone" movie series. It stars Christian Martyn, Malcolm McDowell, Debi Mazar, Eddie Steeples. The movie was first shown on ABC Family on November 25, 2012. It is the second and final film to be made-for-television. Like "Home Alone 3", it does not focus on the McCallister family or any of the characters from the first two movies. "Home Alone: Taking Back The House" has some of the main characters from the first two movies, but all of the roles have different actors. It includes many references to the original movies.

Finn Baxter (Christian Martyn) sets up booby traps to catch the ghost of his new home's former occupant, only to discover he must protect the house and his sister, Alexis (Jodelle Ferland) from three bumbling art thieves: Sinclair (Malcolm McDowell), Jessica (Debi Mazar), and Hughes (Eddie Steeples).

Hồ Xuân Hương

Hồ Xuân Hương (1772–1822) was a female Vietnamese poet. She wrote poems using Nôm characters. Her poems criticize gender inequality in Vietnam.

Sage the Gemini

Dominic Wynn Woods (born June 20, 1992), better known by his stage name Sage the Gemini, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and record producer. He is from Fairfield, California. He is a member of The HBK Gang. He is known for his single "Gas Pedal", featuring Iamsu!, which peaked at #29 on the Billboard Hot 100. This made it both artists' first top-40 hit. It was #6 on the "Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs" and #4 on the "Hot Rap Songs charts" in 2013.





All Is by My Side

All Is by My Side is a British and Irish drama movie about Jimi Hendrix. It was released in 2013. It was written and directed by John Ridley.


Imogen Poots

Imogen Poots (born 3 June 1989) is a British movie and television actress. She is best known for playing Tammy in "28 Weeks Later".

Josh Pais

Joshua James Atwill "Josh" Pais (born June 21, 1958) is an American actor in movies and television.


Pais married actress Lisa Emery on August 27, 1990; actor Zane Pais is their son. They divorced in 2003. Pais is married to Marie Forleo.

Charlotte Riley

Charlotte Riley (born 29 December 1981) is an English actress. She is best known for playing Sarah in "Easy Virtue". She also played Kate Hansen in the movie "Entity".

Riley was born in Stockton-on-Tees. She married actor Tom Hardy in 2014.

Assassination Games

Assassination Games is a 2011 American action thriller movie directed by Ernie Barbarash, and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme and Scott Adkins. This movie is about two people wanting revenge for different reasons. One is asking for money, the other revenge. Due to Interpol getting on their trail, two assassins, Vincent and Roland, work together to kill their victims before they themselves are killed. Jean-Claude Van Damme plays Vincent.

The film had a limited release on July 29, 2011. Sony Pictures Home Entertainment released the DVD in the United States on September 6, 2011, and in the United Kingdom on October 10, 2011.

IGN gave the film a 6 out of 10 stars and wrote, "If you need a quick dose of action, "Assassination Games" should do the trick. Don't expect a masterpiece and you should walk away moderately pleased with the experience".

Lake Nicaragua

Lake Nicaragua is the biggest lake in Central America. It lies in the south of Nicaragua, close to the border with Costa Rica. A river connects the lake to Lake Managua, which lies to the north. There are over 400 islets, three islands, and two volcanoes in Lake Nicaragua.San Juan river connects the lake to the Carribean Sea.

Ferrari California

The Ferrari California is a sports car produced by the Italian manufacturer Ferrari. It is a two door "2+2" convertible with a folding metal top. The California is powered by a V8 engine. The California has a top speed of . Both its chassis and body are made of aluminum.

The California is built in a new production line next to the existing factory at Maranello, Italy. The existing production line produces 27 cars per day, or 6,000 per year.

The California represents a number of firsts for Ferrari:



JJ Cale

John Weldon Cale (December 5, 1938 – July 26, 2013), commonly known as JJ Cale, was an American singer and songwriter. He was one of the people who started the Tulsa Sound. In 2008, he won a Grammy Award.

The Big Wedding

The Big Wedding, 2013, is a romantic-comedy movie. It is about marriage and divorce in New England. It is also about deception. Katherine Heigl plays Lyla, Susan Sarandon plays Bebe, and Amanda Seyfried plays Missy.

The movie was released on April 26, 2013. The movie made almost $4 million more than its budget of $32 million. That, however, was not considered very good.

Diana (movie)

The movie Diana is a 2013 British-French-Belgian-Swedish biographical movie. It is on the life of Princess Diana. In particular, the movie is about the last two years of her life after her divorce from Prince Charles. Naomi Watts plays Diana.

The movie was released on 20 September 2013 in the UK. It was condemned almost immediately by British press. In the United States, reviews were negative.

Thomas W. Sneddon Jr.

Thomas W. Sneddon Jr. (May 26, 1941 – November 1, 2014) was the district attorney of Santa Barbara County, California. He was best known for prosecuting charges of child molestation against Michael Jackson in 2005. He retired in 2007. Jackson wrote a song about Sneddon called "D.S.". It was on his 1995 album "". The song was in response to Sneddon's investigation into Jackson for child molestation in 1993.

Sneddon died on November 1, 2014 from complications of cancer, aged 73, at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital, Santa Barbara, California, U.S.

Jon Snow

Jon Snow (born 28 September 1947) is a British journalist and television presenter. He was born in Ardingly, Sussex. He went to Ardingly College. In 1989 he started presenting "Channel 4 News". 

In March 2010 he married Precious Lunga.

His father was George D'Oyly Snow. His grandfather was Thomas D'Oyly Snow. His cousin is Peter Snow.

Franco Bracardi

Franco Bracardi (16 May 1937 – 27 February 2005) was an Italian actor, composer, pianist and stand-up comedian. He was born in Rome and began working at night clubs by the early 1950s. Later, in the mid-1960s, he started composing songs for Mina, Mirelle Mathieu, Raffaella Carrà. During those same years, he started work as an actor and comedian.

Bruno Spoerri

Bruno Alexander Spoerri (born 16 August 1935) is a Swiss jazz and electronic musician. Bruno was born in Zurich, and studied psychology. He plays the saxophone and the electric saxophone. In 1978 he published his first album, "Voice of Taurus".

Elon Gold

Elon Gold (born September 14, 1970) is an American comedian, television actor, writer and producer. Gold was a guest judge on the celebrity impersonation series, "The Next Big Thing". He has been in multiple movies such as "Cheaper by the Dozen". He was also in the sitcom "In-laws".

Gold is from New York. In his younger years, Gold attended the Westchester Day School, in Westchester, and the Marsha Stern Talmudical Academy, in Manhattan. Gold has also stated that he is an observing Jew.

Gary Eck

Gary Eck is an Australian comedian and actor. He has been an actor and writer for many movies including, "The Night We Call Day", "Boy Town" and "Happy Feet Two". Eck has also starred in many comedy shows and produced his first CD, "Gary Eck Live!" In 2004 he was nominated for an ARIA Award for his movie comedy album "The Hollywood Motel".


Val Logsdon Fitch

Val Logsdon Fitch (March 10, 1923 – February 5, 2015) was an American nuclear physicist. For this discovery he and his student James Cronin received the 1980 Nobel Prize in Physics.



James Cronin

James Watson Cronin (September 29, 1931 – August 25, 2016) was an American nuclear physicist. Cronin and co-researcher Val Logsdon Fitch were awarded the 1980 Nobel Prize in Physics for a 1964 experiment that proved that certain subatomic reactions are not the same as to fundamental symmetry principles (called CP violation).

Cronin died on August 25, 2016 in Saint Paul, Minnesota at the age of 84.


Walter Kohn

Walter Kohn (March 9, 1923 – April 19, 2016) was an Austrian-born American theoretical physicist of Jewish descent.

He was awarded, with John Pople, the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1998.

Kohn was one of 20 Nobel Laureates who signed the "Stockholm memorandum" at the 3rd Nobel Laureate Symposium on Global Sustainability in Stockholm, Sweden on 18 May 2011.

Kohn died on April 19, 2016 at his home in Santa Barbara, California from jaw cancer, at the age of 93.


John Pople

Sir John Anthony Pople, (31 October 1925 – 15 March 2004) was an American scientist. He was a Nobel Prize winning theoretical chemist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Walter Kohn in the year 1998.


Michael Uppendahl

Michael Uppendahl is an American television and movie director. He is very well known in the movie industry. He directed over seven hours of the major show "Mad Men". Along with "Mad Men", he has worked with AMC to direct multiple episodes of other shows such as The Walking Dead.

Tip O'Neill

Thomas Phillip "Tip" O'Neill, Jr. (December 9, 1912 – January 5, 1994) was an American politician and Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.

O'Neill was an outspoken liberal Democrat and influential member of the House of Representatives, serving for 34 years and representing two congressional districts in Massachusetts.

He served as Speaker of the House from 1977 until his retirement in 1987, making him the only Speaker to serve for five complete consecutive Congresses, and the second longest-serving Speaker in U.S. history after Sam Rayburn. O'Neill retired from Congress in 1987 but remained active in public life. 

O'Neill died of cardiac arrest on January 5, 1994.


Howard Baker

Howard Henry Baker, Jr. (November 15, 1925 – June 26, 2014) was a Senate Majority Leader, Republican U.S. Senator from Tennessee, White House Chief of Staff, and a former United States Ambassador to Japan. He worked as a lobbyist and adviser at Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz.

Baker died on June 26, 2014 at the age of 88 from complications of a stroke he suffered the week prior. He died in his native Huntsville, Tennessee, with his wife, Nancy, by his side.


Ian Watkins

Ian Watkins may refer to:


James Best

James Best (July 26, 1926 – April 6, 2015) was an American actor. He is best known for his starring role as bumbling Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane in the CBS television series "The Dukes of Hazzard". He has also worked as an acting coach, artist, college professor, and musician.

Best died on April 6, 2015, in Hickory, North Carolina from complications of pneumonia. He was 88.


James Baskett

James Baskett (February 16, 1904 – July 9, 1948) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Uncle Remus, singing the song "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" in the 1946 Disney feature movie "Song of the South". He was given an Honorary Academy Award, making him the very first male performer of African descent to receive an Oscar.


South African Army

The South African Army is the army of the South African National Defence Force, which is the military of South Africa.

The South African military traditions evolved from the frontier warfare fought by the commando forces, because the Afrikaners did not trust standing armies. After the Union of South Africa was formed in 1910, General Jan Smuts, South Africa's first Minister of Defence, placed a high priority on creating a unified military from the four separate armies of the provinces. This led to the creation of the Union Defence Force (UDF).

The modern day South African Army is made up of professional soldiers of all races. The South African Army has been with peacekeeping operations with the United Nations and the African Union in countries such as Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

