Nephew and niece

A nephew is the son of someone's brother or sister. A niece is the daughter of the person's brother or sister. To the nephew or niece, the person is their uncle or aunt. The relationship of aunt/uncle to niece/nephew is an example of second-degree relatives, meaning that their coefficient of relationship is 25%. In some cultures and families, it is common to call the child of one's cousin a "niece" or "nephew". In old English, the son of one's sister was called a "sister-son".

A sororal or fraternal relative is one who is related through their sister or brother. For example a sororal niece is the subject's sister's child. An in-law is a relationship that is not by blood, but instead by marriage. The in-law shares the in-law relationships of the spouses relatives. For niece or nephew in-law could be the child of a spouse.




Rodan

Rodan is a fictional monster who appears in movies from Japan. He first appeared in "Rodan", a 1956 kaiju movie from Toho Studios. Since then, he has appeared in several "Godzilla" movies. He is a very large pterosaur. He can release sonic booms from his body, which destroy anything it hits.


Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Hungary participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. Hungary represented Zoli Adok with the song "Dance with Me". That song he performed in second semi final and failed to qualify Hungary to the final for a second successive year.

Arnulf I, Count of Flanders

Arnulf of Flanders (–964), called the Great, was a French nobleman and the third count of Flanders. He ruled from 918 until his death. He ruled an expanded County of Flanders, an area that is now northwestern Belgium and southwestern Netherlands.

Arnulf, born , was the son of count Baldwin II, Count of Flanders and Ælfthryth of Wessex. She was a daughter of Alfred the Great. Through his mother he was a descendant of the Anglo-Saxon kings of England. Through his father he was a descendant of Charlemagne. Arnulf was named after Saint Arnulf of Metz, a of the Carolingian dynasty.

At the death of their father in 918 Arnulf became Count of Flanders. His brother Adelolf succeeded to the County of Boulogne. When Adeloft died in 933 Arnulf took control of Boulogne and Ternois. His nephews were still young so it was probably as their guardian. Later he gave the of Boulogne to his nephew, Arnulf II.

Arnulf I greatly expanded Flemish rule to the south. He took over all or part of Artois, Ponthieu, Amiens, and Ostrevent. Arnulf exploited the conflicts between Charles the Simple and Robert I of France, and later those between Louis IV and his barons. In his southern expansion Arnulf had conflict with the Normans. They were trying to secure their northern frontier. This led to the 942 murder of the Duke of Normandy, William Longsword, at the hands of Arnulf's men. The Vikings became less of a threat during the later years of Arnulf's life. He worked on reforming his county government.

Arnulf's son, Baldwin III died in 962 leaving Arnold a crisis of succession. Baldwin's son Arnulf II 'the Young' was still a child and his succession was disputed. Arnulf offered the king, Lothair of France, Artois, Ponthieu, and Ostrevant in exchange for the king's protection of Arnulf II. His grandson inherited a weakened county of Flanders when he came of age. Arnold died on 27 March 964.

The name of Arnulf's first wife is unknown but he had at least one daughter by her:


In 934 he married Adele of Vermandois, daughter of Herbert II of Vermandois. Their children were:


Baldwin III, Count of Flanders

Baldwin III of Flanders called The Young (–962) was a French nobleman and briefly was the fourth count of Flanders. He ruled jointly with his father Arnulf I.

Baldwin III was born , the son of Arnulf I, Count of Flanders and his second wife, Adele of Vermandois (c. 915 – 969). She was a daughter of Herbert II, Count of Vermandois. Baldwin became co-ruler of Flanders in 958 alongside his father Arnulf I. During his short rule, Baldwin was responsible for establishing the wool manufacturing industry at Ghent and markets at other towns in Flanders. Baldwin III died on 1 January 962 of smallpox. He was buried at the Abbey of Saint Bertin. 

After Baldwin's death, Arnulf I arranged for King Lothair of France to become the guardian of Baldwin's son Arnulf II.

Shortly before 961 Baldwin married Mathilde of Saxony († 1008). She was a daughter of Hermann Billung(† 973), Duke of Saxony. They had a son:

Emulsion

An emulsion is what you get when you put two or more liquids together and the two liquids do not mix. Immiscible liquids do not mix together. For example, if you add oil to water, the oil floats on the surface of the water. And if you shake the two together then leave them to stand, tiny droplets of oil float upwards. These droplets join together until eventually the oil is floating on the water again. To stop the two liquids separating, we need a substance called an emulsifier.

Emulsifiers are molecules that have two different ends, a hydrophilic end (water-loving) that forms chemical bonds with water but not with oils, and a hydrophobic end (water-hating lipophile) that forms chemical bonds with oils but not with water.



Aspall

Aspall is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 52 people living in Aspall. Aspall has a church called Our Lady of Grace.


Athelington

Athelington is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 23 people living in Athelington. Athelington has a church called St Peter.


Badwell Ash

Badwell Ash is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 685 people living in Badwell Ash. Badwell Ash has a church called St Mary. Badwell Ash is about 12 miles from Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket.


Baylham

Baylham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 251 people living in Baylham. Baylham has a church called St Peter.


Bedfield

Bedfield is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 298 people living in Bedfield. Bedfield has a church called St Nicholas. Bedfield is about 4 miles east of Debenham.


Bedingfield

Bedingfield is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 223 people living in Bedingfield. Bedingfield has a church called St Mary.


Hub

A hub is the part of a wheel that connects the wheel to its axle.





Firewood

Firewood is any wooden material that is gathered and used for fuel. It is a renewable resource. Generally, firewood is not highly processed and is in some sort of log or branch form.

Steven Sharp Nelson

Steven Sharp Nelson is an American cellist. He is part of The Piano Guys, a YouTube music video channel. The video 'Moonlight-Electric cello' in which he is featured has had more than 7 million views on YouTube to date. 


Goliath birdeater spider

The Goliath birdeater spider is one of the biggest spiders in the world. It is a tarantula. It lives in burrows in swampy areas of northen South America. It eats insects, rodents, bats, small birds, lizards, frogs, and snakes. The spiders have fangs, but their venom is harmless to people. Hairs on their bodies can irritate human skin. Explorers named the spider when they saw one eating a hummingbird. 

The female lays 100 to 200 eggs. The babies hatch in two months. The female spiders sometimes eat their mates. Females can live about 20 years, but males only live 3 to 6 years. These spiders can have a leg span of up to and a body length of up to . They can weigh up to . The spider's living areas are threatened by real estate development.



Elijah Muhammad

Elijah Muhammad (born Elijah Robert Poole; October 7, 1897 – February 25, 1975) was an African-American religious leader, who led the Nation of Islam from 1934 until his death in 1975. He was a mentor to Malcolm X, Louis Farrakhan, Muhammad Ali; and his son Warith Deen Mohammed.

Muhammad was born on October 7, 1897 in Sandersville, Georgia. Poole married Clara Evans (1899–1972) on March 7, 1917. They had eight children. He had and uncounted number of children by numerous underaged girls. He was protected and still allowed to lead the NOI. Muhammad died from congestive heart failure at the age of 77 on February 25, 1975, the day before Saviours' Day, at Mercy Hospital in Chicago, Illinois.

Al Freeman, Jr. played him in the 1992 movie "Malcolm X".


Malcolm X (1992 movie)

Malcolm X is a 1992 American biographical movie directed by Spike Lee. Its stars Denzel Washington as Malcolm X. It also stars Angela Bassett, Albert Hall, Al Freeman, Jr., and Delroy. Al Sharpton and Nelson Mandela also appear in this movie. 

It received positive reviews. It was released on November 18, 1992. In 2010, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". 

Judith, Countess of Flanders

Judith of Flanders (or Judith of the Franks) (–), was a member of the Frankish Royal family, twice Queen of Wessex, and by her third marriage Countess of Flanders. 

Judith was the eldest daughter of the Frankish King and Holy Roman Emperor Charles the Bald and his wife Ermentrude of Orléans. She was born about 844. Judith inherited her name and her willful temperament from her grandmother, Judith of Bavaria. In 855 King Æthelwulf of Wessex made a to Rome, remaining there about a year. On his return in 856 he stayed at the court of the Holy Roman Emperor, Charles the Bald. In July Æthelwulf became engaged to Judith, Charles' oldest daughter. She was at most thirteen years of age at the time.

On 1 October 856 they were married at in northern France. The marriage was at best a diplomatic alliance. Both men were suffering from Viking attacks, and formed a common alliance. Charles insisted that his daughter be queen. He wanted her position in England. At her she was anointed with , usually reserved for anointing bishops and kings. 

Up to this time in Wessex they did not allow queens. The king's wife was just that, the king's wife. When Æthelwulf first ordered his new queen to sit beside him it caused concern among his people. In Wessex there were old regarding the evil of having a queen. But his order was obeyed without any objections from his nobles. Judith had no children by Æthelwulf, who died in 858. He was succeeded by his son Æthelbald, who married Judith, his step-mother. The marriage was by Asser as well as, according to him, all who heard of it. Two and a half years later Æthelbald died leaving her a widow a second time.

Judith returned to France the widow of her own stepson. To avoid scandal her father was keeping her under close guard at his castle at Senlis. He was looking for a new husband for her so she could be quietly married. Baldwin was already a count, probably at Ghent. He was in Senlis in early 862. Baldwin either abducted or convinced Judith to run off with him. The fact she slipped out of the castle dressed as a peasant girl seems to point to her cooperation. She also had help from her brother Lewis. When her father discovered what had happened he was furious. He was furious with Lewis as well. Baldwin and Judith fled to the court of Lothair II, king of Lorraine. He was Judith's cousin. Once they were safely out of her father's reach Baldwin married her. This was about 862. King Charles had his bishops excommunicate the couple. He also demanded that his nephew return Baldwin and his daughter Judith to him. At this point Baldwin and Judith wisely fled to Rome. They asked Pope Nicholas I to and their marriage. Baldwin made known his intent to join the Vikings if his marriage was not allowed. Vikings were a constant threat in northern France and Baldwin was needed to help fight them. The pope decided their marriage was valid and had the bishops withdraw their excommunication. Charles the Bald was forced to accept Baldwin as his son-in-law. By her marriage Judith became the first Countess of Flanders. Baldwin was given rule over Flanders with the title of (count of a ) of Flanders. He protected Flanders for the next fifteen years from Vikings. Judith was last known to be living in 870. Baldwin died in 879.

Judith gave her descendants, the counts of Flanders and Boulogne, the status of from Charlemagne. She was also an of Matilda of Flanders, the consort of William the Conqueror, and thus of later monarchs of England.

By her first husband, Æthelwulf, King of Wessex, she had no children.

By her second husband, Æthelbald, King of Wessex, she had no children.

By her third husband, Baldwin I of Flanders, Judith's children included:


Mechagodzilla

Mechagodzilla is a fictional giant robot dinosaurian mecha monster who appears in movies in the "Godzilla" series. He is Godzilla's robotic doppelgänger. He first appeared in "Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla", a 1974 kaiju movie from Toho Studios. He is one of Godzilla's most powerful enemies.

Coupling constant

Every force has a coupling constant, which is a measure of its strength in an interaction. The coupling constant determines the chances of one particle to emit or absorb another particle. In electromagnetism, for example, the coupling constant is based on the electric charge. A coupling constant plays an important role in dynamics.

When physicists study the quantum behaviour of electromagnetism, they can not solve the whole theory exactly, because every particle may emit and absorb many other particles, which may also do the same, endlessly. So events of emission and absorption are considered as perturbations and are dealt with by a series of approximations.

This also can happen in string theory. String theories have a coupling constant. It determines the probability that a 1-dimensional string of energy will separate into "two" separate energy strings. But unlike in particle theories, the string coupling constant is not just a number, but depends on one of the oscillation modes of the string. 

Latin dance

Latin dance is a general term for dance styles from the Americas and Spain. It is also a term for dances in the international latin dance syllabus: rumba, cha-cha-cha, samba, paso doble and jive.

Social latin dances include salsa, mambo, merengue, tumba, bachata, bomba, plena, cumbia, and the Argentine tango. There are many dances which were popular in the first part of the 20th century, but which are now of only historical interest. The Cuban danzón is a good example.

Arnulf II, Count of Flanders

Arnulf II of Flanders (–987), called Arnulf the Young was a French nobleman and the Count of Flanders. He ruled from 965 until his death. He ruled a much smaller County of Flanders than his father. 

Arnulf II, born about 961, was the son of Baldwin III, Count of Flanders and Mathilde. She was the daughter of Herman, Duke of Saxony. His father Baldwin III died in 962 when Arnulf was just an infant. His grandfather, Arnulf I, was still alive and ruling Flanders. When Arnulf I died three years later (965), the was held by his Baldwin Balso. The regent Balso died in 973.

By the time Arnulf reached his in 976, Flanders had lost some of the southern acquired by Arnulf I. His grandfather had given some parts of Picardy to King Lothar of France to help make sure his grandson, Arnulf II would succeed him. Arnulf I also Boulogne as a fief to his nephew, Arnulf II, Count of Boulogne. Then early in Arnulf's minority King Lothar had taken Ponthieu and given it to Hugh Capet, and the first counts of Guînes had established themselves there. Arnulf died on 30 March, 987, just 26 years old.
Shortly after Arnulf's death his widow married Robert II, King of France as his first wife.

In 968 he married Rozala of Lombardy, daughter of Berengar II of Italy, and had two children:


Baldwin IV, Count of Flanders

Baldwin IV of Flanders (980–1035) known as "Baldwin the Bearded", was a French nobleman and the Count of Flanders. He ruled from 987 until his death. His reign saw Flanders grow into a powerful principality. 

Baldwin IV, born c.980, was the son of Arnulf II, Count of Flanders and Rozala of Ivrea. When his father died in 987 Baldwin succeeded him as Count of Flanders . His mother, Rozala, was the regent of Flanders until he reached the age of majority. After his father's death, his mother's second marriage was arranged by Hugh Capet. She married Hugh's son Robert II, King of France as his first wife. When Robert repudiated her in 991 Baldwin rebelled. When they came to terms Artois and Ostrevant, once taken from Flanders, were returned to Baldwin.

Unlike his predecessors Baldwin was more interested in what lay east of Flanders. He left the southern part of his territory in the hands of his vassals the counts of Guînes, Hesdin, and St. Pol. Baldwin was the first count of Flanders to extend Flemish control eastward. He was given Zeeland as a fief by the Holy Roman Emperor Henry II. He also received Valenciennes from the emperor. Then Baldwin obtained parts of the Cambresis as well as Saint-Omer and the northern Ternois (1120). 

In the French territories the principality of Flanders remained powerful throughout the Capetian period. The Flemish economy saw strong growth during Baldwin's reign. Baldwin IV died on 30 May, 1035.

Baldwin married first, Ogive of Luxembourg. She was a daughter of Frederick of Luxembourg, by whom he had a son and heir: 


He secondly married Eleanor of Normandy, daughter of Richard II, Duke of Normandy, by whom he had a daughter: 


Ribozyme

A ribozyme (ribonucleic acid enzyme) is an RNA molecule that can help certain biochemical reactions. similar to the action of protein enzymes. 

Also called "catalytic RNA", ribozymes work in the ribosome to link amino acids during protein synthesis. They also take part in RNA splicing, viral replication, and transfer RNA biosynthesis. 

The 1981 discovery of ribozymes showed RNA can be both genetic material (like DNA) and a biological catalyst (like enzymes). This led to the RNA world hypothesis, in which RNA acts in the evolution of prebiotic self-replicating systems. 

Investigators studying the origin of life have produced ribozymes in the laboratory that can catalyze their own synthesis under certain conditions, such as an RNA polymerase ribozyme. Improved variants of the "Round-18" polymerase ribozyme have been developed. "B6.61" is able to add up to 20 nucleotides to a primer template in 24 hours, until it decomposes by cleavage of its phosphodiester bonds. The "tC19Z" ribozyme can add up to 95 nucleotides with great accuracy.

Some ribozymes may play an important role as therapeutic agents, as enzymes which target defined RNA sequences for cleavage, as biosensors, and for applications in genomics and gene discovery.

In 1967, Carl Woese, Francis Crick, and Leslie Orgel suggested that RNA could act as a catalyst. It was discovered that RNA can form complex secondary structures.

The first ribozymes were discovered in the 1980s. In 1989, Thomas Cech and Sidney Altman won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their "discovery of catalytic properties of RNA".

Violin Concertos (Mozart)

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart wrote at least five violin concertos between 1773 and 1776 in Salzburg, Austria, most likely for his own use as concertmaster of the Archbishop of Salzburg's orchestra.

This concerto is scored for violin solo, 2 oboes, 2 horns and strings, and was composed in Salzburg on April 14, 1773 or 1775. The date is uncertain. There are three movements: Allegro moderato; Adagio; Presto.

All three movements are written in sonata form, a form reserved by classical composers for their more serious works. The second movement is marked Adagio, a more intense tempo than Mozart's usual Andantes.

The D major concerto is scored for violin solo, 2 oboes, 2 horns, and strings. It was written in Salzburg and dated June 14, 1775. It consists of three movements: Allegro moderato; Andante; (Rondeau) Allegro.

This concerto is scored for violin solo, 2 oboes, 2 horns, and strings. It was composed in Salzburg and is dated September 12, 1775. It consists of three movements: Allegro; Adagio; (Rondeau) Allegro.

The fourth concerto in D major is scored for violin solo, 2 oboes, 2 horns, and strings. It was composed in Salzburg, and is dated October 1775. The autograph of the score is kept in Biblioteka Jagiellońska, Kraków. 

The fifth concerto in A major is scored for violin solo, 2 oboes, 2 horns, and strings. It was written in Salzburg and is dated December 20, 1775. It consists of three movements: Allegro aperto; Adagio; (Rondeau) Tempo di Menuetto.

A sixth concerto, in E flat major, was at one time attributed to Mozart but is now attributed instead to Johann Friedrich Eck.

Violin Concerto No. 7 in D Major, also called the Kolb Concerto.


Samurai Pizza Cats

Samurai Pizza Cats is a television anime series produced by Saban. It is an English version of the Japanese anime series " Kyatto Ninden Teyandee", which aired on TV Tokyo from February 1, 1990 to February 12, 1991. It aired for 54 episodes. It was very popular among English anime fans because of its references to pop culture and the crazy nature of the show.

The series is about a group of three robotic samurai cats (Rick Gomez, Tress MacNeille, Paul Reubens) called the Samurai Pizza Cats who protect the city of Little Tokyo from crime. Little Tokyo is a mechanical city which combines feudal Japanese culture with present day culture. When they are not fighting crime, the Samurai Pizza Cats work at the city's pizzeria.


Latte

Latte is a kind of coffee made with espresso and hot milk.


Adventure movie

Adventure movies are a genre of movies. They contain many of the same features of action movies, but are usually set in exotic locations. The main theme is adventure, with the characters often exploring places they have not been before or doing things they have not done before. Common storylines include quests for lost treasure, heroic journeys for the unknown, and jungle or desert settings. Adventure movies are often set in an historical time and may be based on stories of historical or fictional adventure heroes within the historical context. Kings, battles, rebellion or piracy are commonly seen in adventure movies. Adventure movies may also be combined with other movie genres, such as science fiction, fantasy and sometimes war movies. 

The adventure movie was most popular in Hollywood during the 1930s and 1940s. Movies such as "Captain Blood", "The Adventures of Robin Hood" and "The Mark of Zorro" were regularly made with major stars, notably Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, who were closely associated with the genre. In the earliest adventure movies, the main character was usually male. They were portrayed as courageous heroes, facing tyrants or rescuing a beautiful woman in distress.

Adventure movies usually emphasise the mystery, romance, adventure, danger, and terror of the unknown. Common settings include a jungle or desert. Classic dangers include ferocious man-eating mammals and reptiles, hostile natives, deadly diseases, lost cities and crumbling temples, torrential rivers, waterfalls, whirlpools, and quicksand bogs, damsels in distress, evil emirs and treacherous tribal chieftains, and despicable white adventurers from the civilized world intent on exploiting the jungle, its animals, treasures, resources, and primitive native peoples. 

Adventure movies may crossover into other genres such as war, crime, romance, or horror.

Notable examples of jungle adventure movies include "King Kong" (adventure, romance, horror), "The African Queen" (romance, adventure), "I Walked with a Zombie" (romance, horror), Disney's animated "The Jungle Book" (children's, comedy, musical), "Apocalypse Now" (war), and the many Bomba movies, and the Tarzan movies and serials. Since the first theatrical releases of jungle movies in the early 20th century, popular interest in the genre has never waned. Comic books, novels, pulp magazines, and television series have stoked the genre's popularity over the decades. 

Fernand Léger

Fernand Léger (born Joseph Fernand Henri Léger, 4 February 1881 – 17 August 1955) was a French painter, sculptor, and filmmaker. In his early works he created a personal form of cubism which he gradually changed into a more popular figurative style. His boldly simplified treatment of modern subject matter made him a forerunner of pop art.

His personal style was called "tubism" because it was influenced by cubism, but used tube-like forms.

Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum

The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum (often referred to as "The Guggenheim") is a well-known art museum on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City. It has a large collection of Impressionist, Post-Impressionist, early Modern and contemporary art. It also has several special exhibitions during each year.

The museum was started by the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation in 1939 as the Museum of Non-Objective Painting, under the guidance of its first director, the artist Hilla von Rebay. The name was changed to honor the founder, Solomon R. Guggenheim, after his death in 1952.

Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, the cylindrical museum building is wider at the top than the bottom. He wanted it to be a "temple of the spirit". The building is one of the 20th century's most important architectural landmarks. The building opened on October 21, 1959, replacing rented spaces used by the museum since 1939.

To design the museum, Wright created more than 700 sketches until the final draft of the project was official. Wright spent 16 years working on the design, but he died before the building was completed. His design created a lot of arguments as many people did not like it. One person said it looked like "an indigestible hot cross bun", and another said it looked like "an inverted oatmeal dish." Some artists thought that the curved walls and ramps would make it impossible to hang their paintings properly.


Robie House

The Frederick C. Robie House is a U.S. National Historic Landmark in the Chicago, Illinois neighborhood of Hyde Park at 5757 S. Woodlawn Avenue on the South Side. It was designed and built between 1908 and 1910 by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is renowned as the greatest example of the Prairie School style, the first architectural style that was uniquely American. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on November 27, 1963 and was on the very first National Register of Historic Places list of October 15, 1966.


Humberto Maturana

Humberto Maturana (September 14, 1928 – May 6, 2021) was a Chilean biologist and philosopher. He was one of the second-wave systems scientists and cyberneticians. Maturana was born in Santiago, Chile.

Maturana, with Francisco Varela, was known for creating the term autopoiesis about the nature of life. His work has been influential in many fields, mainly the field of systems thinking and cybernetics. Overall, his work is concerned with the biology of cognition.

Maturana died on May 6, 2021 in Santiago from pneumonia at the age of 92.

Books, a selection: 

Spring Green, Wisconsin

Spring Green is a village in Sauk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,628 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Spring Green. Architect Frank Lloyd Wright lived in Spring Green, Wisconsin.


Baldwin V, Count of Flanders

Baldwin V of Flanders (1012–1067) known as Baldwin de Lille or Baldwin de Insulanus, was a French nobleman and the Count of Flanders. He ruled from 1035 until his death. Baldwin was one of the most powerful counts in France at the time.

He was the son of Baldwin IV, Count of Flanders and his first wife Ogive of Luxembourg. She was a daughter of Frederick of Luxembourg, In 1028 Baldwin married Adèle of France She was the daughter of King Robert II of France. At her instigation he rebelled against his father, Baldwin IV, but in 1030 they were reconciled. When his father died in 1035 Baldwin succeeded him.

While Eustace I, Count of Boulogne was usually at odds with Baldwin IV, he and Baldwin V had friendly relations. They signed each other's and worked together several times. Eustace I signed three charters of Baldwin's which limited the power of . 

Flanders under Baldwin V did not have very good relations with England. Baldwin gave refuge to England's and even gave them ships and men at times. He protected Queen Emma 1036-1040 as well as her two sons Alfred and Harthacnut. When Earl Godwin, Earl of Wessex and his family were exiled by Edward the Confessor in 1051-2, Baldwin welcomed them. He also helped them to prepare their return to England. In turn Edward the Confessor positioned his fleet off the coast of Flanders while Baldwin V was warring with Henry III, Holy Roman Emperor in 1049. This threat caused Baldwin to sue for peace with the Emperor. 

Baldwin V had a great deal of influence due in part to several marriages alliance between Flanders and England, France and Germany. He was close to his , Henry I,the king of France. From 1060 to 1067 Baldwin was the Regent for his nephew Philip I of France. In 1051 Baldwin had Richildis, the widow of Count Herman of Hainault, to marry his son Baldwin VI. This gave him control of Hainault through his son. This also led to a series of conflicts between Baldwin V and Emperor Henry III, as Hainault was part of the Holy Roman Empire. After a series of defeats Henry III withdrew back to Germany and died a short time later. In 1056 Baldwin received the whole of the Schelt march as a fief from Agnes of Poitou, regent for her son Henry IV, Holy Roman Emperor. Baldwin's daughter Matilda married William I of England, later king of England. At first the marriage was banned by Pope Leo IX. He did not give a reason but it was probably because the two were cousins. Some time between 1050 and 1052 the two married despite the ban. Although Baldwin allowed some Flemish support for his Norman conquest of England relations between Baldwin and his son-in-law William the Conqueror were not that friendly. The English king was wary of Baldwin's growing power. But by then Baldwin was growing old. He died 1 September 1067.

Baldwin and his wife Adèle had three children:


Weymouth, Massachusetts

Weymouth is a city in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2020 census, Weymouth had a total population of 57,437. Despite its city status, it is formally known as the Town of Weymouth. It is named after Weymouth, Dorset, a coastal town in England. The 1st Town Meeting was held in Weymouth (Wessagussett) in the Spring of 1622. The 375th Town Meeting was held in the Spring of 1999. The final Town Meeting was held in the Fall of 1999 after a vote by citizens to change the Town Charter to form a City Form of Government. Wessagussett was the Algonquin name of Weymouth which was the Territory of the Massachusett Tribe under the leadership of its Sachem Chickatawbut. His son Josiah Chickatawbut "sold" Wessagussett to the Colonists in a Deed dated 1642. In the Spring of 1623, Wessagussett was the site of the first act of Genocide when Captain Myles Standish and 8 men, led by Wampanoag Warrior Hobbamock killed Massachusett Leaders Wituwamat and Pecksuot and several others in an unprovoked raid. The date given for this event is April 6, 1623. 

Abigail Smith, daughter of Rev. William Smith and Elizabeth (Quincy) was born in North Weymouth on November 11, 1744. She would marry John Adams of Braintree, MA, who would become the 2nd President of the United States. Their son, John Quincy Adams, would become the 6th President of the United States. John and Abigail would become the first to live in the White House in Washington, DC. It is the second oldest European settlement in Massachusetts. Actor Hal Holbrook and architect Frank Lloyd Wright lived in Weymouth.


Francisco Varela

Francisco Javier Varela García (September 7, 1946 – May 28, 2001) was a Chilean biologist, philosopher, and neuroscientist.

Varela was, with his teacher Humberto Maturana, best known for introducing the concept of autopoiesis to biology, and for co-founding the Mind and Life Institute to promote dialog between science and Buddhism.

Varela wrote numerous books and articles:

Angry Birds Toons

Angry Birds is a Finnish animated television series based on the "Angry Birds" series of games created by Rovio Mobile. The series was first shown on channel Teletoon. It began on March 16, 2013. The duration of the episode was 2 minutes 48 seconds earlier, and later became 2 minutes 47 seconds. There are 52 episodes in the first season, and 26 in the second and third seasons.

The characters in "Angry Birds Toons" are birds, pigs, and other animals. None of the characters in the series say anything. Birds chirp, pigs grunt. But these sounds, including shouts, groans, growls, squeaks, squeals, laughter, etc., are being published by people, Finnish actors (often the authors of the series themselves are scriptwriters, directors, composers).


For More See "Pigs from Angry Birds Toons"





Rovio had announced a TV series based on the Angry Birds video games for Q4 2012. They planed to produce 52 short (sub-3 minute) episodes. The series was produced by Finnish animation studio Kombo, which Rovio bought in June 2011. The series will have 52 episodes, 4 seasons, and the theme song will be Angry Birds. "I am happy to say we are going to roll out a weekly animation series this year of short format content," said Nick Dorra, head of animation at Rovio. It aired on the Angry Birds apps on March 16th and 17th of 2013.

Eustace I, Count of Boulogne

Eustace I, of Boulogne, was a Frankish nobleman and Count of Boulogne. He held the county of Boulogne from 1042 until his death.

He was the oldest son of Count Baldwin II of Boulogne and Adelina of Holland. Eustace became count in 1042. Eustace I was also the count of Lens.

During the minority of Baldwin IV, Count of Flanders, Eustace's grandfather, Arnulf III, Count of Boulogne, broke free of control by the count of Flanders. Both Eustace's father and Eustace himself remained independent. In 995, having reached his , Baldwin IV of Flanders tried to take back several of the independently held castles. He also expanded the Flemish borders. This had caused considerable between Baldwin IV, Count of Flanders and Eustace's father. When Baldwin IV's son Baldwin V succeeded him in 1035 Eustace I and Baldwin V of Flanders cooperated on several ventures including several charters. Eustace also signed charters of Baldwin V which limited the powers of the .

Eustace I was allied to the house of Normandy. This was through the marriage of his son Eustace II to Goda, niece of Richard II. Under Eustace I the counts of Boulogne rose to great prominence in Northern France. He was apparently a patron of Samer Abbey near Calais and he is said to have been buried there. In 1028 Eustace I confirmed the foundation of a college of canons at his castle at Lens Eustace I died in 1049.

Eustace I was married to Matilda of Leuven. She was the daughter of Lambert I, Count of Leuven. Together they had:


2012 Delhi gang rape

The 2012 Delhi gang rape case involved a gang rape and murder that happened on 16 December 2012 in Delhi, India. A 23-year-old female physiotherapy intern was beaten and gang raped on a bus that had been stolen by the gang. The woman died from her injuries. Four men were accused. They were found guilty. They received the death penalty. A minor was accused. He was sentenced to three years in prison. Rest of other accused got the death penalty on 20 March 2020.

American Airlines Flight 587

American Airlines Flight 587 was a scheduled commercial flight from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City to Las Américas International Airport in the Dominican Republic. The aircraft was a Airbus A300-600. On November 12, 2001, the aircraft crashed into the Belle Harbor neighborhood of Queens, New York. All 260 people on the flight were killed. Five people on the ground were also killed. The crash was caused by the failure of the plane's tail because of pilot error in wake turbulence (turbulence that forms behind an airplane as it flies through the air). It is the second-deadliest plane crash in the United States after American Airlines Flight 191, which occurred on May 25, 1979.

Since the accident took place two months and one day after the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center in Manhattan, it led people to believe that the crash was caused by terrorism.

American Airlines Flight 587, an Airbus A300B4-605R registration (N14053) was piloted by Captain Edward States, (42) and First Officer Sten Molin, (34). The First Officer was flying the plane. Most of the passengers on-board (159) were Americans, but 68 were Dominicans as well, there were also five Indonesians, three Taiwanese, two Canadians, two Australians, two Brazilians, one French, one German, one Haitian, one Italian, one Japanese, one Dutch, one Israeli, one Mexican, one British, and one Swiss passenger on board.

Flight 587 was scheduled to leave John F Kennedy at 08:00 for a flight to Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The boarding process at gate 22 took a little longer than planned due to additional security procedures that delayed boarding. The gate was closed at 08:38 and push-back from the gate was accomplished at 9:00. The crew taxied to runway 31L behind Japan Airlines Flight 047, a Boeing 747-400 bound for Tokyo, Narita. That was cleared for takeoff at 9:11am. As the 747 climbed, the tower contacted Flight 587’s pilots and warned them about potential wake turbulence from the 747.

At 9:13:28 Flight 587 was cleared for takeoff from Runway 31L. The aircraft left the runway at 9:14:29, about 1 minute and 40 seconds after the JAL flight. From takeoff, the plane climbed to an altitude of 500 ft and then entered a climbing left turn to heading of 220. At 9:15:00, the pilot made initial contact with the departure controller informing him that the airplane was at 1,300 ft and climbing to 5,000 ft. The departure controller instructed the aircraft to maintain 13,000 ft.

At 9:15:36, the aircraft hit wake turbulence from the JAL flight just in front of it. The first officer attempted to stabilise the aircraft with alternating aggressive rudder inputs from left to right. This continued for at least 20 seconds, until 9:15:56, when the stress of the first officer’s repeated rudder movements caused the lugs that attached the vertical stabilizer and rudder to break. The stabilizer separated from the aircraft and fell into Jamaica Bay, about one mile north of the main wreckage site.

Eight seconds later, the stall warning sounded on the cockpit voice recorder. At the moment the stabilizer separated from the aircraft the plane pitched downwards. As the pilots struggled to control the aircraft, it went into a flat spin. The resulting aerodynamic loads sheared both engines from the aircraft seconds before impact. The engines landed several blocks north and east of the main wreckage site. Losing the engines cut off power to the flight data recorder at 9:16:00, while the cockpit voice recorder cut off at 9:16:15, moments before impact.

The fuselage slammed onto the ground in Belle Harbor on Newport Avenue and Beach 131st Street, instantly destroying three houses. All 260 people aboard the plane and five people on the ground were killed, and one person on the ground was injured and the impact forces and post-crash fire destroyed the wreckage.

The investigation into the crash was led by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB).

They decided that the probable cause of the in-flight separation of the vertical stabilizer was the result of the loads beyond ultimate design that were created by the first officer’s unnecessary and excessive rudder pedal inputs. Contributing to these rudder pedal inputs were characteristics of the A300-600 rudder system design and elements of the American Airlines Aircraft Manoeuvring Program.


La Cambre Abbey

La Cambre Abbey (French: Abbaye de la Cambre) is a former abbey in Ixelles, Brussels, Belgium. It is between Bois de la Cambre and the Ixelles Ponds. It was founded in 1201 by a noble woman of Brussels, Gisèle. The abbey church is a Catholic church. The monastery also has the headquarters of the Belgian National Geographic Institute and a visual arts school. It has a small park in the front and a larger one in the back.


Altered state of consciousness

An altered state of consciousness (ASC), or altered state of mind, is any condition which is significantly different from a normal waking state. The expression was used in 1966 by Arnold M. Ludwig, and brought into common usage by Charles Tart. It describes induced changes in one's mental state, almost always temporary. A synonymous phrase is "altered state of awareness".

Altered states of consciousness can be associated with artistic creativity, or different focus levels. They also can be shared between people and studied as a subject of sociological research.

During an altered state of consciousness, brain waves occupy different frequencies (i.e. Epsilon, Delta, Theta, Alpha, Beta, Gamma). These waves can be measured by electroencephalography (EEG). Also, subjective reports and observer reports of behaviour are used to identify the altered state.


Tony! Toni! Toné!

Tony! Toni! Toné! are an American rhythm and blues group. They started in Oakland, California. They were very popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Their first record, "Who?", was released in 1988. Their hit singles included "Little Walter" and "Let's Get Down". They disbanded around 1997, although they returned six years later.



Autopoiesis

Autopoiesis refers to life and other self-organising systems. The word means "self creation or self-production". It refers to a system which can reproduce and sustain itself. 

The term was introduced in 1972 by Chilean biologists Humberto Maturana and Francisco Varela to define the self-maintaining chemistry of living cells. Since then the concept has also been applied to systems theory and sociology. 

Autopoiesis was a modern definition for life, plus any other systems with lifelike properties. To qualify for the name "autopoiesis" a system would need to show three main features:
Roth commented that "In short, organisms are self-reproducing and self-maintaining, or 'autopoietic', systems". This approach makes use of molecular biology ideas and systems science ideas, but it does not refer to the particular way life is organised on Earth. This is because the authors thought it was possible for machines to have those features, and for other types of life to exist.

Aloe

Aloe is a genus of succulent plants, with over 500 species. The best-known of these is probably "Aloe vera", which is widely cultivated. "Aloe vera" is probably extinct in the wild.

The species "Aloe vera" is a great natural moisturizer and can help to soothe dry skin. It also has anti-inflammatory properties, which can help to reduce the appearance of blemishes and wrinkles. Plus, "Aloe vera" is non-irritating and can be used on any type of skin. 

Baldwin VI, Count of Flanders

Baldwin VI of Flanders (–1070), called Baldwin de Mons was a Frankish nobleman. He was the ruling Count of Hainaut ("jure uxoris") from 1051 to 1070 (as Baldwin I) and succeeded his father as Count of Flanders from 1067 to 1070.

Baldwin was the oldest son of Baldwin V, Count of Flanders and Adela of France. Adela was a daughter of king Robert II of France. and Constance of Arles. He was also the brother of Matilda of Flanders, Queen consort of England and wife of William the Conqueror, King of England.

His father arranged his marriage, under threat of arms, to Richilde, Countess of Hainaut. She was the widow of Herman of Mons and heiress of Hainaut. Because Hainaut was a part of the Holy Roman Empire this enraged Emperor Henry III who had not been consulted. He went to war against the two Baldwins but was not successful. Between 1050 and 1054 Lambert II, Count of Lens fought alongside the Baldwins against Henry III. He was one of Baldwin V's leading vassals. Lambert was killed at the battle of Lille in 1054. Others fighting for the Counts of Flanders against Henry III included the lords of Alost.

Richilde son Roger, from her first marriage, was thought by her not fit to be the next count of Hainaut. Baldwin and Richilde arranged for him to be the Bishop of Chalons. This allowed her son by her second marriage, Baldwin (II) to become the count of Hainaut. Her daughter by her first husband became a nun. Baldwin acquired the remainder of the county of Hainaut by fiefs and by purchasing allods. Baldwin died 17 Jul 1070. His early death left Flanders and Hainaut in the hands of his young son Arnulf III, with Richilde as regent.

Baldwin rebuilt the monastery of Hasnon and gave gifts of his own properties to support it. He placed monks there and made it his burial place.

Baldwin and Richilde were the parents of:


David Frost

Sir David Paradine Frost OBE (7 April 1939 – 31 August 2013) was an English journalist, comedian, writer, media personality and daytime TV game show host.

He became famous when he hosted "That Was The Week That Was" in 1962. This was a political satire in a period of change. During the later part of his career, he became known for his television interviews with senior political figures. One of his interviews included The Nixon Interviews with former United States President Richard Nixon in 1977. These events were later made into a and .

Frost was born on 7 April 1939 in Tenterden, Kent, England. He was raised in Gillingham, Kent. Frost studied at Gillingham Grammar School and at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. 

Frost was married to Lynne Frederick from 1981 until they divorced in 1982. He had an 18-year intermittent affair with Carol Lynley. Then he was married to Lady Carina Fitzalan-Howard from 1983 until his death in 2013. He had three sons with Fitzalan-Howard. Diana, Princess of Wales was the godmother of Frost's youngest son. He was once briefly engaged to American actress Diahann Carroll.

Frost died on 31 August 2013 while giving a speech on board the cruise ship MS Queen Elizabeth from a heart attack caused by cardiomyopathy. He was 74 years old.


Battle of Cassel (1071)

The Battle of Cassel was fought on 22 February 1071 between Robert the Frisian and his nephew, Arnulf III (son of Baldwin VI, Count of Flanders). The battle was a victory for Robert the Frisian; Arnulf III was killed in the battle. This battle severely weakened the of Flanders.

Arnulf succeeded his father Baldwin in 1070. His mother Richilde, Countess of Mons and Hainaut was his regent. Robert the Frisian, Baldwin VI's brother and Arnulf III's uncle, challenged
Arnulf's succession to Flanders. He began gathering supporters mainly in northern Flanders (where the bulk of Arnulf's forces were located). Arnulf's ranks contained individuals such as Count Eustace II, Count of Boulogne, his son Eustace III, and Godfrey of Bouillon (future king of Jerusalem). Arnulf was also supported by King Philip I of France who knighted Arnulf at the time. His uncle, William the Conqueror sent Arnulf ten Norman knights led by William FitzOsbern, 1st Earl of Hereford.

Robert's forces attacked Arnulf's larger army before it could organize. Arnulf himself was killed. Also killed in the battle was William FitzOsborn. Captured were Richilde (by Robert's forces) and Robert (by Arnulf III's force). Richilde was exchanged for Robert's freedom. Robert kept the countship of Flanders and ruled a much smaller county until 1093. He gained the friendship of King Philip I of France, by offering him the hand in marriage of his stepdaughter, Bertha of Holland.

Piano Concerto No. 20 (Mozart)

The Piano Concerto No. 20 in D minor, K. 466 is a piece of music for solo piano and orchestra. It was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart between January and February 1785. Mozart first performed the concerto in Vienna, Austria, on February 11, 1785. The concerto is very dramatic. It has always been popular with musicians and music lovers. 

The Piano Concerto in D minor was written by Mozart between the third week of January 1785 and February 10 of the same year. The next day, his father Leopold Mozart arrived in Vienna from Salzburg, Austria for a 10-week stay. That evening, Mozart performed the concerto at the Mehlgrube Casino. Leopold wrote his daughter Nannerl: "We arrived at 1 o'clock ... the copyist was still copying the new concerto and your poor brother did not have enough time to play through the Rondo because he had to supervise the copying ... On the same evening we drove to the first of his six subscription concerts. A great many members of the aristocracy were present. They each pay three ducats for these Lenten concerts ... Your brother is giving them at the Mehlgrube ... The concert was magnificent and the orchestra played splendidly ... A female singer from the Italian theatre sang two arias then we had the new and very fine concerto." Mozart played the concerto again at the Burgtheater on February 15, 1785.

The Piano Concerto in D minor is a moody, chromatic work of passionate, troubled, and dramatic outbursts. The work was a favorite of 19th century musiciansin spite of its 75-measure "happy ending" in D major. Nineteenth century musicians typically did not like "happy endings" in intensely dramatic, turbulent works such as this concerto. The Piano Concerto in D minor is the first of only two concertos Mozart wrote in minor keys. The other is the Piano Concerto in C minor.

The Piano Concerto in D minor is written for solo piano, flute, 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani, and strings. This was the first time Mozart used trumpets and drums in a piano concerto.

Mozart did not write cadenzas for the concerto. His son, Franz Xavier Wolfgang Mozart, was a pianist-composer who had the concerto in his repertory, and wrote cadenzas for it.
Beethoven also had the D minor concerto in his repertory though he did not usually perform the compositions of other composers. He did however perform the Piano Concerto in D minor several times. He wrote cadenzas for the first and third movements. In his cadenza for the first movement, Beethoven plunges the listener into a world of powerful, frightening, and intense drama.



Words with Friends

Words with Friends is a multi-player word game by Zynga. Players take turns to place words like crosswords on a board, similar to Scrabble. Up to 30 games can be played at the same time. Notifications are used to tell users when it is their turn. Players can find friends by their username, or by Facebook.

The game was released in July 2009. It can be played across the operating systems operating systems Android, Windows Phone and iOS (iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch). It can also be played on Facebook, Kindle Fire, and Nook Tablet. In the game is an unreliable chat feature, which allows opponents to send messages to each other. From 2010 to 2011 Words with Friends was one of the top games in the iOS app store. It can be played as a free version with advertisements, or a paid version without ads.

The rules of the game are essentially the same as Scrabble. Some features are different, such as where bonus tiles are, and the points scored by some letters. Players have 7 randomly picked tiles. These tiles are filled whenever some are played on the board until all of the tiles have been used. Players take turns putting words on the board. If they do not play a word, they can swap tiles with ones not yet used, or pass their turn. Words can be placed up and down, or left and right. Players want to score as many points as they can.

The game ends when a player has no more tiles, and there are no more tiles in the bag. After the last tile is played, the other player will lose points for the total score of their tiles. These points are given to the person who played the final move. The player with the highest score wins.

Players can move their tiles around. They can also reorder them by pressing a button or shaking the device. Players can quit games if they want to. The game has two more features, "tile bag" and "word-o-meter", both can be used for free. 

173,000 words can be played. The list of words used is based on the Enhanced North American Benchmark Lexicon (ENABLE).

The game was made by brothers Paul and David Bettner. They were the owners of Newtoy Inc. at the time.

In 2012, Zynga produced many physical board games of "Words with Friends" in association with Hasbro. There is a normal version, a "Luxe" version with a board that turns, and a "To Go" travel version

Taliesin West

Taliesin West was architect Frank Lloyd Wright's winter home and school in the desert from 1937 until his death in 1959 at the age of 91. Today it is the main campus of the Frank Lloyd Wright School of Architecture and houses the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation.

Open to the public for tours, Taliesin West is located on Frank Lloyd Wright Boulevard in Scottsdale, Arizona, USA. The complex drew its name from Wright's summer home, Taliesin, in Spring Green, Wisconsin.


Frank Lloyd Wright-Prairie School of Architecture Historic District

The Frank Lloyd Wright/Prairie School of Architecture Historic District is a residential neighborhood in the village of Oak Park, Illinois. The Frank Lloyd Wright Historic District is both a federally designated historic district listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and a local historic district within the village of Oak Park. 

The districts have differing boundaries and contributing properties, over 80 of which were designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, widely regarded as the greatest American architect to have ever lived.


Taliesin (studio)

Taliesin (/ˌtæliˈɛsɪn/), sometimes known as Taliesin East, Taliesin Spring Green, or Taliesin North after 1937, near Spring Green, Wisconsin, was the summer home of American architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Wright began the building in 1911 after leaving his first wife, Catherine Tobin, and his Oak Park, Illinois, home and studio in 1909. 

The impetus behind Wright's departure was his affair with Mamah Borthwick Cheney, who had been his client, along with her husband, Edwin Cheney. His winter home, Taliesin West, is located in Scottsdale, Arizona.

Some of the buildings designed at Taliesin were Fallingwater, the Guggenheim Museum, the Johnson Wax Headquarters, and the first Usonian home, the first Herbert and Katherine Jacobs house, in Madison, Wisconsin (1936).


American Institute of Architects

The American Institute of Architects or the AIA is an organization for architects in the United States. It is headquartered in Washington, D.C.. 

The AIA offers education, government advice, community redevelopment, and public outreach to support the architecture profession and improve its public image. The AIA also works with other members of the design and construction team to help coordinate the building industry.


Mort Walker

Addison Morton Walker (September 3, 1923 – January 27, 2018), popularly known as Mort Walker, was an American comic artist. Walker was best known for creating the newspaper comic strips "Beetle Bailey" in 1950 and "Hi and Lois" in 1954. He has signed Addison to some of his strips.

Walker was born on September 3, 1923 in El Dorado, Kansas. He was raised in Kansas City, Kansas. Walker studied at Northeast High School and at the University of Missouri. 

Walker died from complications of pneumonia on January 27, 2018 at his home in Stamford, Connecticut. He was 94 years old.


Orson Bean

Orson Bean (July 22, 1928 – February 7, 2020) was an American actor. He appeared on televised game shows in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, including being a long-time panelist on the television game show "To Tell the Truth". He was also known for his role as Roy Bender on "Desperate Housewives". He was also known for his role as the Mercantile Shop Owner Loren Bray in Dr Quinn "Medicine Woman" which ran for 6 seasons.

Bean was born on July 22, 1928 in Burlington, Vermont. He studied at Harvard College and at Cambridge Rindge and Latin School.

Bean was married to Jacqueline deSibour from 1956 until they divorced in 1962. They had one child. Then he was married to Carolyn Maxwell from 1965 until they divorced in 1981. They had three children. Then he was married to Alley Mills from 1993 to 2020.

Bean was hit and killed by two cars in Los Angeles on February 7, 2020 at the age of 91.




Charlestown, Rhode Island

Charlestown is a coastal town in Washington County in southwestern Rhode Island. It is near Westerly. The town was officially incorporated in 1738. The population was 7,997 at the 2020 Census.

Shahid Afridi

Shahid Afridi (), born on 1 March 1977) is a Pakistani cricketer. He played 27 Tests, 350 One Day Internationals, and 59 Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is) for the Pakistani national team between 1996 and 2012. He first played a ODI match on 2 October 1996 against Kenya. He played his first Test match on 22 October 1998 against Australia.

On 4 October 1996, Afridi scored the fastest ODI century in just 37 balls. He held this record for 12 years, until Corey Anderson broke it in 2013. He scored 32 runs in a single over, the sixth highest scoring over ever in an ODI. He has also hit the most number of sixes in the history of ODI cricket. He holds the record of most wickets in T20 from Pakistan. Indian former cricketer Ravi Shastari gave him the title of "Boom Boom".


Southern Connecticut State University

The Southern Connecticut State University is one of four universities in the U.S. state of Connecticut. The university is in New Haven. It was established in 1893. It is the third oldest campus of the Connecticut State University System.

So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright

"So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright" is a song written by Paul Simon that was originally released on Simon & Garfunkel's 1970 album "Bridge Over Troubled Water". It was released on several Simon & Garfunkel compilation albums. It has also been recorded by the London Pops Orchestra and Joe Chindamo trio.

Art Garfunkel said that the origin of the song came from his request that Paul Simon write a song about the famous architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Simon has stated that he wrote the song despite not knowing who Frank Lloyd Wright was.

Unity Chapel

The Unity Chapel is in the town of Wyoming in Iowa County, Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

The Unitarian chapel was designed for Jenkin Lloyd Jones, a Unitarian minister from Wales. Jones' nephew, Frank Lloyd Wright, worked on the project.

Johnson Wax Headquarters

Johnson Wax Headquarters is the world headquarters and administration building of S. C. Johnson & Son. It is in Racine, Wisconsin. It was designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright for the company's president, Herbert F. "Hib" Johnson. The building was constructed from 1936 to 1939. Also known as the Johnson Wax Administration Building, it and the nearby 14-story Johnson Wax Research Tower (built 1944–1950) were designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1976 as Administration Building and Research Tower, S.C. Johnson and Son.


Larkin Administration Building

The Larkin Building was designed in 1904 by Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1906 for the Larkin Soap Company of Buffalo, New York. The five story dark red brick building used pink tinted mortar and utilized steel frame construction. It was noted for many innovations, including air conditioning, stained glass windows, built-in desk furniture, and suspended toilet bowls. Though this was an office building, it still caught the essence of Frank Lloyd Wright's type of architecture. Sculptor Richard Bock provided ornamentation for the building.

It was located at 680 Seneca Street, the Larkin Building was demolished in 1950.


Encopresis

Encopresis is the voluntary or involuntary passage of feces in a child who has been toilet trained (typically over age 4), which causes the soiling of clothes.

Antony Costa

Antony Daniel Costa (born 23 June 1981) is a British singer-songwriter and actor. He was born in Edgware, London to a Jewish mother and Greek father. He is best known as a member of boy band Blue. In 2006 he released a solo album, "Heart Full of Soul".

With Blood Comes Cleansing

With Blood Comes Cleansing is an American deathcore band. It formed in February 2005.


Ableism

Ableism or ablecentrism is prejudice towards disabled people. The first known use of the word was in 1981, which makes it relatively new. However, the concept of ableism existed before this. 'Disablism' can be used to mean the same thing.
Ableism can be intentional or unintentional. People can be ableist (prejudiced towards disabled people) unintentionally because ableism is so common that people may not notice that it exists. A person who holds such a prejudice is called an "ablecentrist". Some people say that ableism is a form of oppression. Not everyone who talks about ableism agrees about what things are ableist. Disabled people can be ableist, to other disabled people or to themselves, which is called internalized ableism. Some people deny that ableism exists. 
In some countries, there are laws that are made to protect disabled people from ableist discrimination and Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities also prohibits such discriminations.

Ableism takes many forms around the world. Sometimes ableism is done in a way that is supposed to be hurtful. Other times people are ableist while they are trying to be nice. Both of these types of ableism are harmful.

Society is not built for disabled people. For example, there are lots of shops that are not accessible for people who use wheelchairs because the person who made the shop was able-bodied so they didn't consider that people in wheelchairs wouldn't be able to move around comfortably, or they thought of this but didn't care.

Disabled people are often victims of abuse. The people who abuse them are usually people without disabilities. They may be abused because their disability makes them vulnerable. Sometimes a person is abused just because they are disabled. This is called disability hate crime. A disability hate crime can take the form of murder. A lot of these murders are by care givers such as the mothers of disabled people. A hate crime does not have to be to a person directly. For example, a person might write an ableist slur on a disabled person's car to make them feel bad about being disabled. Many thousands of disability hate crimes are reported every year around the world. Disability hate crimes are often not reported. This means that the statistics make the problem seem smaller than it is.

A common way that disabled people are abused is 'disability bullying'. People think of bullying as something that just happens to children at school that is not serious. This is not true. Bullying happens to people of all ages. Bullying causes long-term psychological problems such as low self-esteem. Some people kill themselves because they have been bullied. Mencap, a charity that helps people with intellectual disability, asked over 500 disabled children and young people about bullying in a survey. 8 out of 10 children with a learning disability said that they are bullied and are scared to go out because they are scared they will be bullied.

More than 90% of developmentally disabled people are sexually abused in their lifetimes. 49% are sexually abused more than 10 times. The rate of sexual abuse in the general population is lower.

81% of non-disabled people who are at the age that people work have a job. 48% of disabled people who are at the age that people work have a job. 50% of disabled people who don't have a job want to have a job, but can not find a job. Sometimes disabled people are not given jobs even if they are capable of doing the jobs because the people giving the jobs (employers) think that disabled people are not as good as non-disabled people.

The English language has been criticised for being ableist. For example, young people sometimes say that something is 'retarded' when they mean that it is bad. This can be offensive to disabled people.

In World War Two, many thousands of disabled people were murdered by Nazis. The Nazis did this because they believed in non-voluntary euthanasia and forced eugenics, which is a philosophy that advocates reproduction by humans with 'desirable' traits and discourages reproduction by humans with 'undesirable' traits. They thought that disability is bad and disabled people are a burden on society. Many people still believe those things. In 2013 a councillor in Cornwall called Colin Brewer said that disabled children 'should be put down' to save money. He was found guilty of misconduct but the council could not fire him.

Disabled people are sometimes forcibly sterilized. This is often illegal because reproduction is considered a human right. 
According to "The Telegraph", people in the UK are trying to change a government law that makes it legal to have an abortion up to 40 weeks in a pregnancy if the fetus is disabled.

In 2011, a book called "Scapegoat: Why we are failing disabled people" was published. The book was written by Katharine Quarmby. It is about hate crimes towards disabled people in the United Kingdom.

Sports are often an area of society in which ableism is evident. In sports media, athletes with disabilities are often portrayed to be inferior. When athletes with disabilities are discussed in the media, there is often an emphasis on rehabilitation and the road to recovery, which is inherently a negative view on the disability. Oscar Pistorius is a South African runner who competed in the 2004, 2008, and 2012 Paralympics and the 2012 Olympic games. Pistorius was the first double amputee athlete to compete in the Olympic games. While media coverage focused on inspiration and competition during his time in the Paralympic games, it shifted to questioning whether his prosthetic legs gave him an advantage while competing in the Olympic games.

Soledad Mexia

Soledad Mexia (August 13, 1899 – August 30, 2013) was a Mexican-American supercentenarian who at the time of her death was the world's fifth-oldest living person and the oldest living resident of California. She was a previous titleholder for the oldest Mexican-born person ever, until being surpassed by Dominga Velasco (1901 - 2015).

Soledad Mexia was born in La Noria, Sinaloa, Mexico, on August 13, 1899. She had seven children, 24 grandchildren, 45 great-grandchildren and two great-great grandchildren, and lived most of her life in San Diego, California, United States.

On August 30, 2013, Mexia died from natural causes, seventeen days after her 114th birthday, at a hospice in Chula Vista, California.


Murray Gershenz

Murray Gershenz (May 12, 1922 – August 28, 2013) was an American entrepreneur and actor. Gershenz's acting career did not begin until he was 79 years old, when he starred in a 2001 episode of "Will & Grace". As an entrepreneur, he operated the "Music Man Murray" record store.

Gershenz was born in New York City, New York on May 12, 1922. On August 28, 2013, Gershenz died of a heart attack at the age of 91 in Los Angeles.


Nintendo 2DS

The Nintendo 2DS is a handheld game console made by Nintendo. It is a new version of Nintendo's Nintendo 3DS console that has a flat design like the Game Boy consoles (instead of the flip design (a design where two or more sections fold by a hinge) of the 3DS), and does not play 3DS games in 3D. It was announced on August 27, 2013. It was released on October 12, 2013 in North America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. It is aimed at children under the age of seven, whom Nintendo had said should not use the 3D mode on the 3DS due to possible health problems that it could cause. It costs less than the 3DS. In North America, it costs $129.99 (£109.99 in the UK), compared to the $169.99 (£134.99 in the UK) price of the 3DS.

The Nintendo 2DS was discontinued in 2019 in Japan and worldwide in 2020.

Xhosa people

The Xhosa (Xhosa: amaXhosa) are an ethnic group living in South Africa. About 22% of people in South Africa are Xhosa. The Xhosa language, called , is a Bantu language of the Nguni subgroup, like Zulus.
The amaXhosa tribe consists of many different tribes within the culture of amaXhosa; such as amaBhaca and amaMpondo. The tribes are of different chiefs and kings and have no single ruler due to their diverse tribes which also practice cultural customs differently from tribe to tribe. The closer tribes consists of various clan names which have been in existence for centuries. The notable ones are, amaTshawe, amaCirha, amaQwathi, amaGcina, ooRhadebe, ooDlamini, ooJola, amaSukwini, to name a few.


Giuseppina Bozzacchi

Giuseppina Bozzacchi (November 23, 1853 – November 23, 1870) was a ballerina. She was born in Milan, Italy and died in Paris, France. She was the first to dance the part of Swanhilda in "Coppélia" in May 1870. She was a great success. She died a few months later from cholera on her birthday in November 1870.

Lance Storm

Lance Evers (born April 3, 1969) is a semi-retired Canadian professional wrestler known under the ring name Lance Storm and is best known for his time in known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Ring of Honor (ROH).

He currently runs a professional wrestling school in Calgary, Alberta called Storm Wrestling Academy.

He joined Extreme Championship Wrestling in 1997. He competed for ECW from 1997 to 2000. During that time, he won the ECW World Tag Team Championship with Chris Candido. They held the belts for 200 days and broke up. They feuded with each other after that and Storm introduced Tammy Lynn Bytch as his manager. The name Tammy Lynn Bytch was a parody of Candido's real life girlfriend Tammy Lynn Sytch.

After their feud was finished, Storm teamed with his trainee Justin Credible and named their tag team the Impact Players. The team won two ECW World Tag Team Championships and feuded with Jerry Lynn and Sabu and Tommy Dreamer and The Sandman. He also worked as a booker in ECW but left for the World Championship Wrestling to support his family when the company began to suffer financial hardships.

He joined World Championship Wrestling in 2000 and won the United States Heavyweight Championship, the Cruiserweight Championship, and the Hardcore Championship in rapid succession. He renamed the titles to the Canadian Heavyweight Championship, 100 kg and Under Championship, and Saskatchewan Hardcore International Title (S.H.I.T.) which also featured large stickers that covered the belts' faceplates.

He was also a member of the wrestling stable Team Canada which also featured Mike Awesome, Jim Duggan, Major Gunns, Carl Oulette, Jacques Rougeau, Elix Skipper and also Bret Hart for one night. The stable feuded with Misfits In Action.

The WCW was purchased World Wrestling Federation in 2001 and portrayed as a serious, humourless heel. He was a member of The Alliance and was also the first WCW wrestler to invade a WWF program on the May 28, 2001 episode of Raw.

During his time in WWF, he won the WWE Intercontinental Championship and formed a tag team with The Hurricane. Storm and Hurricane feuded with the Hardy Boyz over the WWF and WCW Tag Team Titles. Team Alliance lost at the 2001 Survivor Series and Storm was fired (in storyline) along with the rest of the alliance roster by Vince McMahon.

Storm defeated The Rock with help from Test in a match which earned Storm a WWF contract. Storm formed The Un-Americans along with Christian, Test, and later William Regal. The Un-Americans lead angry tirades against the United States and waved an inverted American flag in the ring. Storm and Christian defeated Hulk Hogan and Edge at Vengeance to win the WWE Tag Team Championship.

The stable broke up but Storm continued to tag with Regal with the same type of gimmick. With Regal, Storm won the World Tag Team Championship twice. Regal had health problems and Chief Morley said that they would be stripped of the titles. Morley teamed with Storm and they were named the World Tag Team Champions.

He was involved in a storyline where Stone Cold Steve Austin, who was an authority figure at the time, told the fans to chant "boring" during Storm's matches. Goldust helped improve Storm's charisma and turn Storm into a fan favorite. He reformed his tag team with Morley but they didn't really get a push.

He turned into a heel again and was tired of pleasing the fans and how it was just a waste of his time. He was squashed by Rhyno immediately thereafter which turned Rhyno into a fan favorite once again. This would turn out to be Storm's last appearance on Raw.

In April 2004, he then decided to retire from in-ring action and accepted a position backstage with WWE where he worked as a wrestling trainer in Ohio Valley Wrestling. He resigned from WWE in May 2005 and intended to open his own training school in his hometown of Calgary, the Storm Wrestling Academy. After he left the WWE, Storm competed in the Independent circuit for a while which also included Ring of Honor. He still competes in the independent circuit from time to time.


Since retiring, he runs a professional wrestling school in Calgary, Alberta called Storm Wrestling Academy.

He is married to his wife Tina and they have two daughters, Rachel and Rebecca.


Shoemaking

Shoemaking is the process of making footwear. Originally, shoes were made by handicraft. Few people buy shoes made by old-fashioned methods anymore, preferring cheaper ones made by industrial mass production. The old methods are still used for buyers who want unusually high quality. Shoemakers may produce a range of footwear items, including shoes, boots, sandals, clogs and moccasins. Such items are generally made of leather, wood, rubber, plastic, jute or other plant material.

A cordwainer is a shoemaker who makes very fine soft leather shoes. A cobbler is someone who repairs shoes.

Mental state

Mental state, a general term, might mean:

Comanche (disambiguation)

The Comanche are a Native American tribe from the United States.

Comanche might also mean:


Dynamite Kid

Thomas Billington (December 5, 1958 – December 5, 2018) was a retired British professional wrestler known under the ring name Dynamite Kid and was best known for his time in known for his work in World Wrestling Federation, Stampede Wrestling, All Japan Pro Wrestling and New Japan Pro Wrestling.

He was best known for teaming with his cousin Davey Boy Smith and forming the tag team The British Bulldogs.

He moved to Calgary, Alberta, Canada in 1978 and competed for Stampede Wrestling which also included Bruce Hart, and rookie Bret Hart. He started taking steroids in 1979 when Junkyard Dog, introduced him to Dianabol. Jake Roberts introduced him to speed during his stay in Canada.

After competing in Canada, he travled to Japan and started working for International Pro Wrestling from July 19–25, 1979. Stampede Wrestling switched their business relationship from IPW to New Japan Pro Wrestling shortly after his first tour, and he then wrestled for New Japan from January 4, 1980, to August 2, 1984. During his time in NJPW, he was known for his legendary feud with Tiger Mask. He met Tiger Mask again for the vacant WWF Junior Heavyweight Championship but there was no winner because the match ended up as a draw three consecutive times.

On February 7, 1984, he earned the WWF Junior Heavyweight Championship when he won a tournament in New Japan Pro Wrestling; even though it was a WWF Title, it was mostly defended in Japan. He defeated his cousin Davey Boy Smith earlier in the tournament, and then defeated The Cobra in the finals.

He debuted in the WWF on August 29, 1984 and teamed with Bret Hart where they defeated Iron Mike Sharpe and Troy Alexander in a match that was eventually shown on September 15, 1984, on the Maple Leaf Garden broadcast.

He ended up teaming with Davey Boy Smith and formed the British Bulldogs, while Bret would team with Jim Neidhart and formed The Hart Foundation. The two teams had matches against each other which usually ended in No-Contests. The British Bulldogs, accompanied by Captain Lou Albano and Ozzy Osbourne, defeated Greg Valentine and Brutus Beefcake at WrestleMania II.

During a tag match against Don Muraco and Bob Orton, he was injured. He would be substituted by several wrestlers which included Roddy Piper, Junkyard Dog and Billy Jack Haynes when tag title defenses were made. When he was recovering in the hospital from back surgery, he recounted that Bret Hart had showed up and said that Vince McMahon had sent him to get Dynamite's tag belt but Billington refused. He would shortly check himself out of the hospital (against doctors' orders) and met with McMahon, who requested that the Bulldogs drop the tag titles to the team of Nikolai Volkoff and The Iron Sheik but Billington refused and said that he would only drop the belts to The Hart Foundation.

The British Bulldogs wrestled a match on January 26, 1987 and dropped the titles to The Hart Foundation. During the match, he could barely walk due to back surgery and had to be helped to the ring by linking arms with his tag partner Davey Boy Smith. He was knocked out by Jimmy Hart's megaphone early in the match, avoiding his having to wrestle in the match for story purposes.

He was involved in a real-life backstage fight with Jacques Rougeau and the Bulldogs wrestled their last WWF match at the 1988 Survivor Series. He made many enemies during his time in the WWF including Brutus Beefcake because he refused an autograph for Betley who was visiting his old student backstage at a 1986 WWF show, The Honky Tonk Man whom Dynamite claimed had made light of injuries suffered by his friend Harley Race, - an account largely corroborated by Hart - and Jacques Rougeau. Rougeau blamed Dynamite for cutting up his clothes for a prank (which was actually committed by Curt Hennig) and Dynamite in return had confronted and punched Rougeau and his brother Raymond, he ambushed and assaulted Billington with three shots in the face while his fist was loaded with a roll of quarters (including one in the mouth that knocked out four of Dynamite's teeth). Many wrestlers thought he deserved the beating because of Billington's history of bullying. He was known for being a legitimately tough guy and for his stiffness as a worker. Mick Foley told a story of when Kid and Smith wrestled the team of Les Thornton and a young Mick Foley. He said that Billington had manhandled him so badly in the ring that he could not eat solid food for a time, and Billington had tore a ligament in Foley's jaw with his trademark Hook Clothesline move. WWF-champion Randy Savage once specifically asked for Billington to watch his back when he went drinking in a hotel bar which was frequented by NWA wrestlers, including Ric Flair.

The Bulldogs returned to Stampede Wrestling and won the International Tag Team Titles after leaving the WWF. They also competed in All-Japan Pro Wrestling where they were paid $20,000 each by Giant Baba. Davey Boy Smith left to return to the WWF and fabricated a story to the All-Japan office that Billington was in a serious car accident and was unable to compete. Since Davey Boy Smith had trademarked the term "The British Bulldog" during the Bulldogs' previous run in WWF, he decided to return to the WWF under the ring name The British Bulldog, and would send people to the United Kingdom to warn the promoter every time a flyer was distributed which promoted Dynamite Kid as a "British Bulldog". Billington announced his retirement on December 6, 1991 due to years of steroid abuse (which included an incident where he used horse steroids), working a high impact style, and cocaine usage.

He divorced from his first wife Michelle (the sister of Bret Hart's ex-wife Julie) and moved from Canada back home to Wigan, England with his parents. He embarked on another All-Japan tour and visited Dan Spivey where he stayed in his home in Florida for a week. When Spivey came back from vacation, he and Billington took hits of LSD, which resulted in Billington coming close to death twice in one day, but he was revived with adrenaline shots by paramedics both times.

He had his final match on October 10, 1996, at a Michinoku Pro event called "These Days" where he teamed with Dos Caras and Kuniaki Kobayashi against The Great Sasuke, Mil Máscaras, and his greatest rival, Tiger Mask. Billington's body was clearly degenerated to the point where he was practically skin and bones, as the bottom portion of his tights were very loose. In the end, Dynamite delivered his trademark tombstone piledriver on Great Sasuke which lead to Dos Caras powerbombing Sasuke for the pin fall. When he was at the airport to return home the next day, he had a second seizure (as the first one was in 1987, while traveling with the Ultimate Warrior) and was sent to the hospital immediately.

Because of a large amount of back and leg injuries he suffered during his career, he is disabled and uses a wheelchair. He was told he would never walk again. The inventor of the diving headbutt Harley Race, has stated that he regrets ever inventing the move because of the fact that it appears to cause spinal problems, and may have contributed to Billington's disability. Billington also has suffered from heart problems. On November 23, 2013 it was reported that Billington suffered a stroke.

Billington died on December 5, 2018, his 60th birthday in Ince, Cheshire.



Motivation

Motivation is an important part of psychology. It is the driving force by which people (or animals) get what they want. A motive is the reason for an action taken.

Motivation arouses a person to act towards a desired goal. It is a driving force which promotes action. For example, hunger is a motivation which causes a desire to eat. "Motivation is an energizer of behavior". It is the purpose or psychological cause of an action.

With animals, motivation is caused by basic needs: needs for food, water, warmth, safety, mating, protecting the young, defending territory, needs to escape pain and threats... The drive to do these things is instinctive, inborn, and triggered by circumstance.

With humans, whose mental life is much more complex, motivation is more complicated. Obviously, humans feel the need for food and water, avoid pain and so on. But they are also capable of having long-term plans which are more difficult to understand.

A drive or desire is "a deficiency or need that activates behaviour aimed at a goal or an incentive".<ref name="Drive/Desire"></ref>

Drives may arise inside or outside an organism. External drives for humans are rewards and punishments, and can be quite subtle: a frown or a smile may be sufficient for a young person.

Drives often occur "within" the individual and may not need external stimuli to encourage the behaviour. An example is the sexual drive which is driven by our hormone system. The desire for sex is wired deep into the brain of all human beings as glands secrete hormones that travel through the blood to the brain and stimulates the onset of sexual desire. The process is started by the brain's hypothalamus, which releases pulses of GnRH (gonadotropin-releasing hormone). This starts a whole chain of reactions which we call "puberty". Longer term, the hormone supporting male sex drive is testosterone, and for women testosterone and oestrogen.

By contrast, outside rewards and stimuli are used in training animals by giving them treats when they perform a trick correctly. The treat motivates the animals to perform the trick consistently, even later when the treat is removed from the process. Children are motivated to learn by approval of friendly adults, and by their own pleasure at success.

Motivation and emotion are intertwined: "Emotional states tend to have motivational properties".

Not all motivated behaviour is the result of conscious decisions. Freudian psychology suggests that much behaviour is motivated by "unconscious factors, working through a network of defence mechanisms, symbolic disguises and psychological cloaks".

Gonadotropin-releasing hormone

Gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH), or Luteinizing-hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH), is a hormone synthesized and released from neurons in the hypothalamus.

GnRH occurs in all vertebrates. This single hormone controls all the complex processes which prepare the male and female for successful reproduction.

GnRH releases follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) from the anterior pituitary. 

GnRH activity is very low during childhood, and is activated at puberty or adolescence. During the reproductive years, it is critical for successful reproductive function as controlled by feedback loops. However, once a pregnancy is established, GnRH activity is not required. 

Southern hip hop

Southern hip hop (also known as Southern rap, South Coast hip hop, or dirty south) is a type of hip hop music that comes from the Southern United States. 

Many early Southern rap artists released their music independently or on mixtapes after finding it difficult to obtain record-label contracts in the 1990s. By the early 2000s, many Southern artists had achieved national success. Over the decade, Southern hip-hop varieties, both mainstream and underground, have become among the most popular and influential of the entire genre.

In 2003 a documentary movie called "Dirty States of America: The Untold Story of Southern Hip-Hop" was released.


Ole Ernst

Ole Ernst (16 May 1940 – 1 September 2013) was a Danish actor. He appeared on many movies and television shows from 1967 to 2013. He starred in the 1983 movie "Der er et yndigt land". It won an Honourable Mention at the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival.

Ernst died on 1 September 2013, aged 73, from undisclosed causes.

Ronald Coase

Ronald Harry Coase (29 December 1910 – 2 September 2013) was a British economist. He was a Professor of Economics at the University of Chicago Law School. Coase won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1991. 

Ronald Harry Coase was born in Willesden, Middlesex, on 29 December 1910. As a child, Coase had a weakness in his legs, which is why he had to wear leg-irons.

Due to this problem, he attended the school for physical defectives. At the age of 12, he was able to enter at the Kilburn Grammar School on scholarship. Coase attended the London School of Economics, where he received a bachelor of commerce degree in 1932.

After studying with the University of London External Programme in 1927–29, Coase entered the London School of Economics, where he took courses with Arnold Plant. He received the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1991.

Coase became the oldest living Nobel laureate before his death in 2013.

Coase was married to Marian Hartung from 1937 until his death in 2013. They had no children. 

Coase died in Chicago, Illinois on 2 September 2013 from natural causes. He was 102 years old.


Frederik Pohl

Frederik George Pohl, Jr. (November 26, 1919 – September 2, 2013) was an American science fiction writer, editor and fan. His career has spanned over seventy-five years — from his first published work, the 1937 poem "Elegy to a Dead Satellite: Luna", through the 2011 novel "All the Lives He Led" and articles and essays published in 2012.

Pohl was born on November 26, 1919, in New York City, New York. His family moved to Brooklyn when Pohl was around seven.

Pohl studied at Brooklyn Technical High School, but dropped out at the age of 17. Pohl was married to Judith Merril from 1949 until they divorced in 1953. They had one child. He married Carol Metallica in 1952; they divorced in 1982. He was married to Elizabeth Ann Hull from 1984 until his death in 2013.

Pohl died on September 2, 2013, in Palatine, Illinois from respiratory failure, aged 93.


Valérie Benguigui

Valérie Benguigui (6 November 1965 – 2 September 2013) was a French actress and theater director. She took acting classes at the Cours Florent and the National Chaillot Theatre School. Her first movie role was in Francis Huster's "On a volé Charlie Spencer" (1986).

Benguigui was born on 6 November 1965 in Paris, France. She was married to Eric Wapler until her death in 2013. They had two children. Benguigui died on 2 September 2013 from breast cancer in her Paris home, aged 47.

Soteriology

Soteriology is the branch of theology dealing with salvation


Remy

Remy or Rémy is a French name. It might mean:

Remy is a name of an annoying boy he is totally not french Go on to simple Isabelle it will be a bad report but it is all fake sorry about this little dushbag he has a weird name od not name your child this or yourself
Developmental coordination disorder

Developmental coordination disorder is a chronic disability that affects coordination. It is also known as developmental motor coordination disorder, developmental dyspraxia or dyspraxia. Around 2-6% of people have dyspraxia. Four times as many males than females have it. It is sometimes called 'clumsy child syndrome', but adults have it too. Most people with dyspraxia have other disabilities such as ADHD or autism And Hypermobility. 

There is no single cause of dyspraxia. It may not appear until later in childhood or sometimes even in adolescence. It cannot be cured: people who have it will live with it for life, however people are able to overcome it and find alternative ways to accomplish tasks which may usually be difficult without support.


People who have developmental coordination disorder may also have one or more of these conditions:

Daniel Radcliffe has dyspraxia.


Lance Bass

James Lance Bass (born May 4, 1979) is an American pop singer, dancer, actor, film and television producer, and author. He grew up in Mississippi and became famous as a singer in the American pop boy band NSYNC. NSYNC's success led Bass to work in film and television. He starred in the 2001 film "On the Line", which his company, Bacon & Eggs, also produced. Bass later formed a second production company, Lance Bass Productions, as well as a now-defunct music management company, Free Lance Entertainment, with Mercury Records. In 2006 he came out as gay. Bass has Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. A book that Bass wrote about his life so far, "Out of Sync", was published in 2007. In September 2013 Bass became engaged to Michael Turchin.


Ian &quot;H&quot; Watkins

Ian "H" Watkins (born 8 May 1976) is a Welsh singer, dancer and actor. He was born in Cwmparc. He is best known for being a member of the British pop group Steps. He has said that "H" stands for "hyperactive", describing his character.

After Steps broke up in 2001, he formed a singing duo with Claire Richards, who was also a Steps member. They released their music under the name H & Claire.

In January 2007 he came out as gay. In the same month, he was a housemate in "Celebrity Big Brother".

Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter

Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter is a NASA spacecraft. It launched on August 12, 2005 from Cape Canaveral, Florida. It arrived at Mars on March 10, 2006. It went into orbit around Mars, and has been studying the planet since then. The main area of study is looking for water on Mars, under the surface of Mars, and in the atmosphere of Mars. To do this, it has the largest telescope ever sent to another planet. The orbiter also works as a communications satellite. Its powerful antennas send and receive messages between NASA on Earth, and rovers on the surface of Mars.

Pippi Longstocking

Pippi Longstocking () is a fictional character who originally appeared in a series of children's books by Swedish author Astrid Lindgren. The character has since adapted into several movies and television series. Pippi means "quirky" in old Swedish slang. She was named by Lindgren's daughter Karin, who was nine years old at the time. She had asked for a story from her mother one day when she was home sick from school.

Pippi is an unusual and spirited nine-year-old girl. She has superhuman strength, and is easily able to lift her horse with one hand. She often mocks and tricks adults she encounters; she usually reserves her worst behaviour for the most condescending adults. Pippi only really gets angry when someone treats her horse badly. Like Peter Pan, Pippi does not want to grow up. She is the daughter of a pirate captain and has adventurous tales to tell. She has four best friends: her horse, a monkey, and the neighbour's children Tommy and Annika.

The first three Pippi Longstocking books were published by Rabén and Sjögren from 1945 to 1948. Another series of six books were published between 1969 and 1975. Two final stories were printed in 1979 and 2000. The books have been translated into 64 languages.

There are three full-length Pippi Longstocking books:

There were three original picture books that were translated into English:

There are many picture books and short books based on parts of chapters from the original three, including:

The first movie about Pippi Longstocking was filmed in 1949. The movie was based on three of the books, but several storylines were changed and characters were removed and added. Pippi's character was played by Viveca Serlachius. It was directed by Per Gunvall and released on October 20, 1950.

An American movie version from Columbia Pictures was released in 1988. It was called "The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking", although it actually just retold the original story. The movie was directed by British director Ken Annakin. It starring Tami Erin as Pippi with Eileen Brennan, Dennis Dugan, John Schuck and Dick Van Patten in supporting roles.

In 1961, the NBC children's television series "Shirley Temple's Storybook" showed an episode about Pippi Longstocking. It was the 15th episode in the show's 2nd season. The 60-minute episode first aired on 8 January 1961. The episode is historically important. It was the first time a child played Pippi in a television or movie adaptation, the first American television or movie adaptation of the book, and the first television or movie adaptation of the book in color.

The episode stars (among others) child actor Gina Gillespie as Pippi Longstocking, Renie Riano as schoolteacher Miss Lindquist, and Tor Johnson as circus strongman Mighty Adolf. Pippi defeats bullies and burglars, and out-performs a circus strongman. The episode has been released to DVD.

A Swedish television series, "Pippi Longstocking", was created in 1968. The stories were based on the books. The first episode was broadcast on Sveriges Radio TV in February 1969. It was a co-production between Sweden and West Germany. Several German actors had roles in the series. Inger Nilsson played Pippi.

Astrid Lindgren had been unhappy with the 1949 adaptation. She wrote the script herself for this version. The series was directed by Olle Hellbom who also directed several other Astrid Lindgren adaptations. This version is the most well-known version in Sweden and other European countries.

A television movie version, "Peppi Dlinnyychulok", was released in 1982 by Mosfilm. It was produced by Margaret Mikalan, and starred Mikhail Boyarsky, Lev Durov and Tatiana Vasilieva. Pippi was played by Svetlana Stupak, and her singing voice was provided by Svetlana Stepchenko.

In 1985, Carrie Kei Heim played Pippi in the "ABC Weekend Special" called "Pippi Longstocking". It was directed by Colin Chilvers. It was shown in two parts: on November 2 and November 9.



Cherokee (disambiguation)

The Cherokee are a Native American tribe from the United States.

Cherokee might also mean:


Black Eye galaxy

The Black Eye Galaxy (or Sleeping Beauty Galaxy; Messier 64, M64, Evil Eye Galaxy or NGC 4826) was discovered in 1779. It is a fairly close galaxy, just over 24 million light years away.

It has a spectacular dark band of absorbing dust in front of its bright nucleus. This is why it is called the "Black Eye" or "Evil Eye" galaxy. M64 is well known among amateur astronomers because it can be seen in small telescopes. It is a spiral galaxy in the Coma Berenices constellation.

The gas in the outer areas of M64 rotates in the opposite direction to the gas and stars in the inner areas. The inner area has a radius of only about 3,000 light-years, while the outer area extends another 40,000 light-years Many new stars are near the edges between the two areas.

Astronomers think the oppositely rotating gas happened when M64 took in a galaxy that collided with it. This happened over a billion years ago. New stars are forming in the shear region. The shear region is where the oppositely rotating gases collide, are pushed together, and get smaller. 

The image shows hot, blue young stars that have just been made. There are pink clouds of glowing hydrogen gas that fluoresces when exposed to ultraviolet light from newly made stars. The small galaxy that collided with M64 has now been almost completely destroyed. Its stars are either in the main galaxy or scattered into intergalactic space. The motion of gas at the outer edge of M64 is a sign of the ancient collision.

Centaurus A

Centaurus A or NGC 5128 is a prominent galaxy in the constellation of Centaurus. It was discovered in 1826 by Scottish astronomer James Dunlop at his home in New South Wales, Australia. 

NGC 5128 is either a Hubble type lenticular galaxy or a elliptical galaxy. It is 1016 million light-years away.

NGC 5128 is one of the closest radio galaxies to Earth. Its active center has been well studied. The galaxy is the fifth brightest in the sky, and is an ideal amateur astronomy target. The galaxy is only visible from low northern latitudes and the southern hemisphere.

Spitzer Space Telescope studies have confirmed that Centaurus A is colliding with, and devouring, a smaller spiral galaxy. Like other starburst galaxies, the collision produced the intense burst of star formation. 

The center of the galaxy has a supermassive black hole. Its mass is about 55 million solar masses. This ejects a relativistic jet with emissions in the X-ray and radio wavelengths. Astronomers have taken radio observations of the jet ten years apart. They found that the inner parts of the jet are moving at about half the speed of light. X-rays are produced further out as the jet collides with surrounding gas. This produces highly energetic particles. The radio jets of Centaurus A are over a million light years long.

Marble Arch

Marble Arch is a white Carrara marble monument which is on a large traffic island. It is at the junction of Oxford Street, Park Lane, and Edgware Road, almost directly opposite Speakers' Corner in Hyde Park in the City of Westminster, London.

Historically, only members of the royal family and the King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery, have been allowed to pass through the arch in ceremonial procession.

The name "Marble Arch" today usually refers to the area in West London where the arch is, at the southern end of Edgware Road. There is also a Marble Arch underground station nearby.

Until 1851 it stood in front of Buckingham Palace. The arch was designed in 1825 by John Nash as a ceremonial entrance to the courtyard of the new Buckingham Palace. He was rebuilding the palace from the former Buckingham House. The palace, as designed by Nash, was laid out around three sides of the courtyard, with the Marble Arch placed on its open eastern side.

Thou (unit)

The thou (abbreviation th) or mil (mainly United States) is a unit of length in the Imperial System and the United States Customary Units. It is equal to of an inch. This is not to be confused with the old form of "you".

Thou comes from the Germanic languages, a shortening of "thousandth".

Mil comes from the Romance languages, a shortening of "mille".

The thou was introduced in 1844 by Joseph Whitworth as a substitute to traditional fractions such as which cannot be defined simply in hundredths unlike (0.25) or (0.5). Traditional fractions continued to be used, as they were a substantial part of other units of length.

The thou is used in engineering and manufacturing mostly.

Knock Madness

Knock Madness is the third studio album by American rapper Hopsin. It was released on November 24, 2013 through Funk Volume. It has so far been supported by the singles "Old Friend", "Hop Is Back", and "Rip Your Heart Out" featuring Tech N9ne.

The album debuted at #132 on the Billboard 200 and sold 4,000 copies in the United States. A week after it was released, the album rose to #76 on the Billboard 200 and sold 12,000 more copies.

Yard

The Yard (abbreviation yd, plural sometimes yds) is a unit of length in the Imperial System and United States Customary Units.

The word "yard" comes from the Anglo-Saxon word for a straight rod.

A yard has always been 3 feet, although the length of a foot has changed frequently throughout history. In 1959, the International Yard and Pound Agreement was signed between the United Kingdom, South Africa, Australia, the United States, New Zealand and Canada. It was defined as 0.9144 metres. The United States continued to use the old yard under the name 'Survey Yard'

Roadsigns in the United Kingdom are in miles and yards, rarely in Canada and the Republic of Ireland. It can also be used as a measure of area (square yard) and as a measure of volume (cubic yard). It is also used to measure pitches and fields for a number of sports that originated from English speaking countries. It finds seldom use in other metricated Commonwealth Nations.

Shohreh Solati

Shohreh Solati (, born Fatemeh Solati on January 4, 1959, in Tehran) is an Iranian singer. She is among the most active and prolific Iranian female singers. Since the Iranian Revolution, she has continued her music career outside the country.

She is divorced with a daughter and lives in Los Angeles, California.



Godzilla (2014 movie)

Godzilla is a 2014 action adventure science fiction monster movie. It is based on the Japanese movie monster of the same name. It is the second "Godzilla" movie to be made by an American movie studio, after the 1998 movie of the same name. It retells how Godzilla got started in the modern day as a "terrifying force of nature". It was produced by Legendary Pictures and Warner Bros. Pictures, and was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures worldwide (except in Japan, where it was distributed by Toho). It was released on May 16, 2014.

The movie has Godzilla fight against giant monsters called MUTOs who put the Earth in danger.


The movie's success prompted Toho to produce a reboot of its own and Legendary to proceed with sequels and a shared cinematic franchise, with "" set to be released in 2019 and "Godzilla vs. Kong" to be released in 2020 with Godzilla set to battle with King Kong from "" (2017).


Anguirus

Anguirus is a fictional monster who appears in movies in the "Godzilla" series. He is a very large, mutated ankylosaurus. He first appeared in "Godzilla Raids Again", a 1955 kaiju movie from Toho Studios. He was the first monster that Godzilla fought against. Since then, he has fought with Godzilla against stronger monsters who put the Earth in danger. This makes him one of Godzilla's most trusted allies.

National Art Museum of Azerbaijan

National Art Museum of Azerbaijan is the biggest art museum of Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1936 in Baku and in 1943 was named after Rustam Mustafayev, a famous Azerbaijani theater stage designer and theater artist. The museum's collection includes over 15,000 artworks. There are over 3,000 items in 60 rooms on permanent display. About 12,000 items are kept in storage. The museum often changes the temporary displays so that more of these stored artworks can be displayed for a short time. The museum is made up of two buildings standing next to each other.

Seven of the rooms in the first building show European art, and ten rooms show Russian art. European art includes artworks of Italian (Guercino, Leandro Bassano, Francesco Solimena, Lorenzo Bartolini), French (Jules Dupré, Gaspard Dughet, Pascal Dagnan-Bouveret, Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant), Dutch/Flemish (Frans Hals, Michiel Jansz van Mierevelt, Adriaen Brouwer, Adriaen van Ostade, Justus Sustermans, Pieter Claesz), German (Johann Heinrich Roos, Fritz August Kaulbach) and Polish (Jan Styka) painters.

The second building built in 1885 houses Eastern art, represented particularly by Persian, Turkish, Chinese and Japanese art. Russian art is represented notably by paintings of Karl Briullov, Alexey Venetsianov, Vasily Vereshchagin, Isaac Levitan, Vladimir Makovsky, Valentin Serov, Vladimir Borovikovsky, Vasily Tropinin, Konstantin Korovin and Ivan Shishkin. There are also restored artworks of Russian avant-garde.

Among Azerbaijani artists represented are painters Mir Mohsun Navvab, Bahruz Kangarli, Tair Salakhov, Azim Azimzade, Salam Salamzade, Vidadi Narimanbekov, Mikail Abdullayev, Togrul Narimanbekov and sculptor Omar Eldarov. The works of Sattar Bahlulzade fill one entire room. 

The museum also holds easel and book miniatures of 17th-19th centuries, lacquered (varnished) miniatures of 18th-19th centuries and a collection of sherbet spoons, made from mulberry tree.

The first works were acquired from Saint-Petersburg, Moscow and private collections. The museum expositions were later shown in Canada (1966), Cuba (1967), Syria (1968), France (1969), former Czechoslovakia, Algeria (both 1970), Iraq (1971) etc. The museum is open Tuesday to Sunday from 10:00 until 18:00.


Antonino Rocca

Antonino Rocca (born Antonino Biasetton, April 13, 1927 – March 15, 1977) was an Italian professional wrestler.

He was trained by professional wrestler Stanislaus Zbyszko in Argentina. During his professional wrestling career, he was known for his unique, acrobatic, off-the-ground, flying wrestling style.

Rocca was responsible for the revival of the New York City Metropolitan-Area territory in the late 1940s which would eventually become part of the modern World Wrestling Entertainment. Rocca would become one of the most well-known wrestlers in America during the golden age of television and had an uninterrupted seven-year run of headlining or co-headlining every main-event at the Garden. Aside from singles competition, Rocca had a successful tag team career with Miguel Pérez. Both Rocca and Pérez were known for drawing huge crowds to Madison Square Garden on a regular basis.

During the early 1950s, he held two regionally-recognized versions of professional-wrestling's world heavyweight singles-championship while he still headlined nationwide in territories where other wrestlers were the recognized champs. In 1949, he competed for the New York City-area territory owned by Joseph Raymond "Toots" Mondt and the Johnston family of promoters. He was considered to be the box-office draw that helped bring wrestling back to Madison Square Garden, on a regular basis, for the first time since 1938. In 1957, during a match against Dick the Bruiser, a riot erupted at Madison Square Garden when Rocca was busted open by Dick the Bruiser.

He formed a successful tag team with Jose Miguel Perez in 1957. They won the NWA Capitol World Tag Team Championship. They were never defeated after winning the title but it was abandoned after around five years. During 1959 and 1960, he briefly worked with Kola Kwariani and Jack Pfefer, who took effective control of the Garden's wrestling office. Rocca set the post-World War II record for wrestling-attendance at Madison Square Garden's 49th–50th Street location, drawing 21,950 fans in a singles-match against "the Amazing Zuma," a/k/a "Argentina Zuma," on January 2, 1960, as was reported by the New York Times.

After he was demoted, and because of the arrival of Buddy Rogers as the featured star at MSG in 1961, he left the WWWF and briefly set up a competing promotion (which was supported by Jim Crockett, Sr. and others) based at the Sunnyside arena in Queens, NY but it was believed to have failed and it shut down. During the mid-1970s, he teamed up with Vince McMahon to handle the color commentary on the WWWF's weekly television show. On February 25, 1977, he made an appearance with World Wide Wrestling Federation and officiated a boxing match between Gorilla Monsoon and André the Giant at the famed Madison Square Garden.

Rocca died on March 15, 1977, at Roosevelt Hospital in New York City after suffering complications following an infection. In 1995, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Kevin Nash.



Brownian motion

Brownian motion is the random motion of particles suspended in a medium (a liquid or a gas). The motion is caused by fast-moving atoms or molecules that hit the particles. Brownian Motion was discovered in 1827 by the botanist Robert Brown. In 1827, while looking through a microscope at particles trapped in cavities inside pollen grains in water, he noted that the particles moved through the water; but he was not able to find out what was causing this motion. 

Atoms and molecules had long been theorised as the main parts of matter. Albert Einstein published a paper in 1905 that explained in precise detail how the motion that Brown had observed was a result of the pollen being moved by individual water molecules. This was one of his first big contributions to science, and convinced many scientists that atoms and molecules exist. It was further verified experimentally by Jean Perrin in 1908. The direction of the force of atomic bombardment is constantly changing, and at different times the particle is hit more on one side than another, leading to the seemingly random nature of the motion.

There are too many molecular impacts making the Brownian pattern, so no scientific model can account for all of them. That is why only probabilistic models of molecular populations can be used to describe it. Two such models of the statistical mechanics were made by Einstein and Smoluchowski. Another, pure probabilistic kind of models are stochastic process models. There exist both simpler and more complicated stochastic processes which in extreme ("taken to the limit") may describe the Brownian Motion (see random walk and Donsker's theorem).

Norbert Wiener also studied Brownian Movement, with greater mathematical precision.

The Roman Lucretius's scientific poem "On the Nature of Things" (c. 60 BC) has a description of Brownian motion of dust particles in verses 113–140 from Book II. He uses this to help people know for sure of the existence of atoms:
"Observe what happens when sunlight is let into a building and small building light on its shadowy places. You will see an amount of tiny particles moving in an amount of ways..."

While Jan Ingenhousz described the strange motion of coal dust particles on the top of alcohol in 1785, the discovery of this is often given to the botanist Robert Brown in 1827. Brown was studying pollen grains of the plant "Clarkia pulchella" suspended in water under a microscope when he observed minute particles, ejected by the pollen grains, executing a jittery motion. By repeating the experiment with particles of inorganic matter he was able to rule out that the motion was life-related, although its origin was not known yet.

The first person to describe the mathematics behind Brownian motion was Thorvald N. Thiele in a paper on the method of least squares published in 1880. This was followed by Louis Bachelier in 1900 in his PhD thesis "The Theory of Speculation", in which he presented an analysis of the stock and option markets. The Brownian motion model of the stock market is often used, but Benoit Mandelbrot denied its applicability to stock price movements.

Albert Einstein (in one of his 1905 papers) and Marian Smoluchowski (1906) brought the solution of the problem to the attention of physicists, and presented it as a way to indirectly confirm the existence of atoms and molecules. Their equations describing Brownian motion were checked by the experimental work of Jean Baptiste Perrin in 1908. Perrin was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1926 "for his work on the discontinuous structure of matter". 

University of New Haven

The University of New Haven is a private and nonsectarian university within West Haven, Connecticut, which borders the much larger city of New Haven. The university was established in 1920 and given the name "University of New Haven" in 1970.

Kylie (album)

Kylie is the first album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue, released on 4 July 1988. The album was produced by Stock, Aitken and Waterman, who also wrote nine of the ten songs. Mostly a dance-pop album, it also contains many bubblegum pop elements.

All songs written and produced by Mike Stock, Matt Aitken and Pete Waterman, except where noted.

Monster movie

A monster movie (also called a creature feature or giant monster movie) is a movie with humans trying to stay alive in attacks by very large monsters. Monster movies can fit in the horror, fantasy, or science fiction genres. In Japan, large monsters are called kaiju.

In many monster movies, the monster is created by humans because of something such as a bad experiment, the effects of radiation, or the destruction of habitat. Since the 1953 movie "The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms", many monster movies have shown the monster being created by nuclear warfare. One of the most well-known movie monsters, Godzilla, was created by a nuclear weapon. Godzilla has appeared in 28 movies and has become a cultural icon in Japan.

The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms

The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms is a 1953 science fiction monster movie. It was released on June 13, 1953, by Premier Productions. It was produced by Warner Bros. It made over $5 million, including $2.25 million in the United States in its first year.

The movie was the first movie to show a monster being woken up or created by an explosion from an atomic bomb. Its success helped cause the creation of more monster movies in the 1950s such as "Godzilla".

An atomic bomb test in the Arctic Circle wakes up a sleeping dinosaur, the fictional "Rhedosaurus". After being woken up, it destroys New York City before being killed at Coney Island.


Transkei

The Transkei (meaning "the area beyond the river Kei"), officially the Republic of Transkei was a Bantustan—an area for members of a specific ethnicity. It was in the southeastern region of South Africa. Its capital was Umtata (renamed Mthatha in 2004). President of South Africa Nelson Mandela was born here.

Xhosa language

Xhosa is one of the official languages of South Africa. Xhosa is spoken by 7.6 million people, or about 18% of the South African population. Xhosa is written using a Latin alphabet. Henry Hare Dugmore helped translate the entire Bible in Xhosa language. Xhosa has ten vowels.

Xhosa is well known for its set of three major clicks.

Thembu people

The Thembu is a tribe that was made to fall under the subgroup of the Xhosa people during the Apartheid period. They are one of the handful of nation groups that speak IsiXhosa in South Africa. The name in Xhosa is anathema, aba- a common prefix for peoples. The current reigning King of the aversion is King Buyelekhaya Dalindyebo whose praise name is Zwelibanzi—the most recognizable Thembu person in Nelson Mandela. The traditional homeland of the Thembu is called Thembuland.Everyone is caca

University of Fort Hare

The University of Fort Hare is a public university in Alice, Eastern Cape, South Africa. It was an important university for black Africans from 1916 to 1959. 

It offered a Western-style, academically excellent education to students from across sub-Saharan Africa, creating a black African elite. Nelson Mandela studied at the university during his early years before leading a group of students on a political strike and getting expelled.


African National Congress Youth League

The African National Congress Youth League (ANCYL) is a part of the African National Congress for younger people. It was founded in 1944 by Nelson Mandela and Walter Sisulu. They created the foundation to put an end to apartheid in Africa.

The African National Congress Youth League (ANCYL) was established on 2 April 1944, by Anton Lambede (who became the League’s first President), Nelson Mandela, Ashby Mda, Walter Sisulu and Oliver Tambo. They were joined by, Duma Nokwe, B Masekela, Ida Mtwa, Lillian Ngoyi, James Njongweni, William Nkomo and Dan Tloome. The aim of the Youth League was to push the ANC away from the then South African version of Communism, towards its founding ideology which was Africanism. At the time the ANCYL was established, political circumstances in South Africa were tenuous as the ruling United Party was divided about South Africa’s participation in World War II. Four years after the establishment of the Youth League, the United Party’s rule came to an end and the country was subsequently governed by the National Party.


Inkatha Freedom Party

The Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) is a political party in South Africa. Since it was founded it has been led by Mangosuthu Buthelezi. It is currently the fourth largest party in the National Assembly of South Africa. It was very close with the African National Congress. It was founded on 21 March 1975.

Sit-ski

A Sit-ski is a sled used by a skier with paraplegia, spina bifida, muscular dystrophy, or cerebral palsy. It is made from fiberglass. Early sit-skis looked like kayaks and had metal edges.

Sit-skis are used for para-Nordic skiing and para-alpine skiing. If the sit-ski has one ski, it is sometimes name a mono-ski. If a sit-ski has two skis, it is sometimes called a bi-ski. Skiers first used bi-skis in para-alpine skiing before using mono-skis. Mono-skis allow skiers to ski using the same way that people who stand ski down a hill.

Sit-ski users use outrigger skis. In para-Nordic skiing, a sit-skier may use a normal ski pole that is not as long as one people standing up to ski would use.

When skiers first learn to ski, their teacher may be connected to them on a tether until the skier can control the sit-ski on their own.

Mono-ski

A mono-ski is a sled used by a skier with paraplegia, spina bifida, muscular dystrophy, or cerebral palsy. Mono-skis are used only in para-alpine skiing. People who use mono-skis need good balance to stop themselves from falling over. The mono-ski has a chair with one ski attached to the bottom.

People first used mono-skis in 1985 in the United States. Mono-skis allow skiers to ski using the same way that people who stand ski down a hill.

Mono-skis have a hydraulic lift. This makes it easier for a skier to get in and out of the mono-ski.

Most distant things

This article lists the most distant things known to us, all of which are galaxies or energy sources inside galaxies. Their distances are described in two ways. redshift = z, and billion light years (Gly).

As of 2012, there are only about 50 possible objects z=8 or farther, and another 100 z=7 candidates. Candidates vary in their notability, so not everything is included here. 1 Gly = 1 billion light-years = 10 ly.


Double play

A double play is a play in baseball. It is when two outs are performed in one playing action. Double plays are called "the pitcher's best friend", because they cause more problems for offenses than any other plays. The most common type of double play is when there is a player on first base and a ground ball is hit toward the middle of the infield.

UDFj-39546284

UDFj-39546284 is a 'stellar structure' (probably a galaxy) reported January 27, 2011 as light from the oldest object. It was detected through infrared observation by the Hubble Space Telescope. It was reported in December 2012 to be at redshift z = 11.9 using Hubble and Spitzer telescope data, including Hubble Ultra-Deep Field (HUDF).

The actual stellar source of the light detected no longer exists. The image is likely to correspond to a compact mini-galaxy of blue stars that existed as we see it 13.42 billion years ago, around "380 million years" after the Big Bang (estimated at 13.8 billion years ago).

At the time of the announcement, it was the oldest galaxy found. It beat the previous distance record holder by about 150 million light years. With the revision of the distance, it again became the oldest galaxy found as of December 12, 2012. The next attempt to see further will be the James Webb Space Telescope launched sometime this decade.

Unlike UDFy-38135539, UDFj-39546284 has not been spectroscopically confirmed. A galaxy first formed near to the end of the Dark Ages, it offers information from early after the Big Bang.

Athens Olympics

Athens Olympics can mean:


Cypriniformes

Cypriniformes is a group of ray-finned fish, which includes carps and minnows. The group contains 320 genera, with over 3200 species. 

London Olympics

London Olympics can mean:


Googoosh

Faegheh Atashin (, , born on 5 May 1950 in Tehran), known by her stage name Googoosh (, ), is an Iranian singer and actress. She is considered one of most iconic female pop-singers in Middle Eastern and Central Asian countries. 

Googoosh has been married three times. She has a son, Kambiz. She currently lives in Los Angeles.

Studio albums

Albums (Since she returned to music)


Anthem of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Anthem of Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic () was the national anthem of Armenia when it was a republic of the Soviet Union.

The writer of the lyrics was Sarmen (Armenak Sarkisyan), a poet. The composer of this song was Aram Khachaturian. He was known for his ballets. 

Like many national anthems of republics of the Soviet Union, this song praised Vladimir Lenin, the October Revolution and Communism. It also praised the friendship of republics of the Soviet Union. "Hayastan" in the lyrics was the name that the Armenian ethnic called themselves. "Severe" in the lyrics means the Armenian history, such as earthquakes.

After Armenia became independent from the Soviet Union in 1991, the national anthem was changed to "Our Fatherland".


University of Rhode Island

The University of Rhode Island (URI) is the main public research university in the U.S. State of Rhode Island. It was established in 1892 as Rhode Island College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts. The name was changed to Rhode Island State College around 1909, and officially to University of Rhode Island during 1951. URI is in Kingston, Rhode Island.

In 1888 the university was chartered as Rhode Island's agricultural school and became the Rhode Island College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts in 1892. The first class of 17 students was graduated two years later.

Fluorescence

Fluorescence is the light given off by certain substances when it absorbs light or other electromagnetic radiation. First the substance absorbs the energy, then it emits light. When the light source is removed, the fluorescence stops occurring. It is a form of luminescence. 

In most cases, the light given off has a longer wavelength and lower energy than the absorbed light.

One of the most surprising types of fluorescence is when a substance absorbs ultraviolet light that cannot be seen by the human eye, but gives off visible light.

Fluorescence is used in many fields such as mineralogy, gemology, chemical sensors (fluorescence spectroscopy), dyes, biological detectors, and fluorescent lights.

Fluorescence in the life sciences is a way of tracking biological molecules. A protein or other component can have a fluorescent dye attached to it, which allows a scientist to visually find the specific protein with a microscope.

Travesti

In theatre, travesti (meaning "disguised") is a character performed by a person of the opposite gender. A woman performing as a male in male clothing is called a breeches role. Famous travesty roles in opera include Cherubino in "The Marriage of Figaro", Siebel in "Faust", and Octavian in "Der Rosenkavalier". In ballet, the role of Frantz in "Coppélia" was a travesty role at the Paris Opéra until the 1950s. Carabosse in Tchaikovsky's ballet "The Sleeping Beauty" is performed by a man in woman's clothing. The Stepsisters in Prokofiev's ballet "Cinderella" are sometimes played by men in women's clothing. The title character is a travesty role in the Broadway musical "Peter Pan".

Greyfriars Bobby

Greyfriars Bobby (4 May 1855 - 14 January 1872) was a Skye terrier. He belonged to a policeman in Edinburgh named John Gray. When Mr. Gray died in 1858, he was buried in Greyfriars Kirkyard. Bobby stayed near the grave of Mr. Gray long after the funeral. He would not leave. 

The little dog came to be called Greyfriars Bobby. He stayed at the grave for the rest of his life. Bobby died in 1872. He was buried just inside the gates of the kirkyard. His grave is marked by a small pink granite stone. Bobby's collar and bowl are displayed in the Museum of Edinburgh.

In 1873, Lady Angela Burdett-Coutts erected a drinking fountain "(pictured)" in Edinburgh to the memory of Greyfriars Bobby. The bronze statue of Bobby on top of the fountain was made by William Brodie. The fountain and statue have long been favourites of Scots. 

The fountain is near the George IV Bridge in Edinburgh. The statue of Bobby sits on top of a column of granite. At the bottom, there is an eight-sided drinking basin for dogs. Near the top, there is a drinking spout for people. In 1957, the water was turned off because of health concerns. 

Eleanor Stackhouse Atkinson wrote a book about Bobby in 1912. It has never been out of print. A movie based on the book was made in 1961. This movie stars Tam O'Shanter as Bobby, and is described as "a tearjerker, one that saddens and lifts the spirit at the same time."

Luminescence

Luminescence is light emitted by a substance not caused by heat. In contrast, incandescence is light emitted by a substance as a result of heating.

Luminescence can be caused by chemical reactions, electrical energy, subatomic motions, or piezoelectricity (stress on a crystal). The term 'luminescence' was introduced in 1888 by Eilhard Wiedemann.

The dials, hands, scales and signs of aviation and navigational instruments and markings are often coated with luminescent materials in a process known as 'luminising'.


Victim blaming

Victim blaming is holding the victim of a crime responsible for that crime. Starting in the 1970s, the term was commonly used in the United States. It was mainly used in connection with trials for rape, as well those with a racist background.

In 1947 Theodor W. Adorno defined what would be later called "blaming the victim," as "one of the most sinister features of the Fascist character". Shortly after, Adorno and three other professors at the University of California, Berkeley created their influential and highly debated "F-scale" (F for fascist), published in "The Authoritarian Personality" (1950), which included among the fascist traits of the scale the "contempt for everything discriminated against or weak." A common example of victim blaming is the "asking for it" idiom, e.g. "she was asking for it" said of a victim of violence or sexual assault.

Roy Baumeisteress, a social and personality psychologist, argued that blaming the victim is not always wrong. According to him, it can lead to new ideas that show that the victim was at least partly responsible for the act. Baumeister argues that the common explanations of violence and cruelty are not helpful because they say that the victim was innocent. According to him, in the classic telling of "the myth of pure evil," the innocent, well-meaning victims are going about their business when they are suddenly assaulted by terrible villains. The situation, however, is not this simple; In most cases, the victim has done something to either anger the offender, or to help the offender's actions. In spite of this, the actions that follow may be more important than the "victim's" first offense.

In 2005, Australian Muslim preacher Feiz Mohammad gave a speech in Australia in which he blamed women for being rape victims. He said: "A victim of rape every minute somewhere in the world. Why? No one to blame but herself. She displayed her beauty to the entire world... Strapless, backless, sleeveless, showing their legs, nothing but satanic skirts, slit skirts, translucent blouses, miniskirts, tight jeans: all this to tease man and appeal to his carnal [sexual] nature.

In a case that became famous in 2011, an eleven-year-old victim of repeated gang rapes in Cleveland, Texas, was accused by the defense attorney of sexually attracting men on purpose so that they would try to rape her. "Like the spider and the fly. Wasn't she saying, 'Come into my parlor, said the spider to the fly?' ", he asked a witness. The "New York Times" ran an article uncritically reporting on the way many in the community blamed the victim, for which the newspaper later apologized.

In a case that attracted worldwide coverage, when a woman was raped and killed in India in December 2012, some Indian government officials and political leaders blamed the victim for her outfit and being out late at night.


Greyfriars Bobby (movie)

Greyfriars Bobby is a family-oriented Walt Disney movie from 1961. It was based on Eleanor Atkinson's 1912 book of the same name. The movie was directed by Don Chaffey, and stars Donald Crisp and Laurence Naismith. The movie is about a Skye terrier named Bobby. When his master dies, Bobby will not leave his graveside in Greyfriars Kirkyard. Two men in the neighborhood quarrel over owning the dog, but the dog remains on his master's grave. When "Greyfriars Bobby" is threatened with being put down because he does not have a license, the poor children of the neighborhood use their money to buy him the needed license. Bobby is given the freedom of the city.

Ambroise Vollard

Ambroise Vollard (3 July 1866 – 21 July 1939) was one of the most important dealers in French modern art in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century. He had his portrait painted by so many artists that Picasso said "The most beautiful woman who ever lived has never had her portrait painted, drawn, or engraved any oftener than Vollard".

In most cases he bought art directly from the painters of his day. He was the first owner of Cézanne's "Vue sur l'Estaque et le Chateau d'If". This sold at Christie's in London for £13,522,500 in February 1015.

He sold these almost unknown artists, who became world-famous. They included Paul Cézanne, Aristide Maillol, Renoir, Louis Valtat, Pablo Picasso, André Derain, Georges Rouault, Paul Gauguin and Vincent van Gogh. He was also an avid art collector and publisher.

After graduation, Vollard became a collector-dealer in art. In 1893, he started his own art gallery, at Rue Laffitte, then the center of the Parisian market for modern art. There Vollard put on his first major exhibition: Manet and others were followed by Gauguin and Van Gogh (4 – 30 June 1895).

Not attractive in appearance, he was a very shrewd businessman who made a fortune. In 1930 Vollard commissioned Picasso to produce a suite of 100 etchings which became known as the "Vollard Suite".

Vollard would later write biographies of Cézanne (1914), Degas, and Renoir, as well as the charming "Recollections of a Picture Dealer" (1936). Vollard was killed in July 1939, at the age of 73, on his way to Paris, when his chauffer-driven car skidded off the road.

News of his death prompted this letter from one artist to another:

Vollard died without direct heirs. Much of the art was left to extended family and close friends, although a significant number of works apparently were sold, dispersed, or disappeared during World War II.

More than 80 years after his death, works from his collection were sold after agreement with the various claimants to his estate. Massive auctions were held by Sotheby's in Paris and London in June 2010.

Paris Olympics

Paris Olympics can mean:


Los Angeles Olympics

Los Angeles Olympics can mean:

Khomein

Khomein (, also romanized as Khomeyn, Khumayn, and Khūmaīn) is a city in and the capital of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 64,031, in 17,399 families. The city is the birthplace of the Ruhollah Khomeini, leader of the Iranian Revolution.

Sorkheh

Sorkheh (, also Romanized as Surkheh) is a city in and the capital of Sorkheh County, in Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9,062, in 2,686 families. Its inhabitants speak Sorkhei, a Semnani language or dialect.


Semnan province

Semnan Province (, "Ostān-e Semnān" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Located north of the country, its center is Semnan.

Tommy Gunn

Tommy Gunn (born May 13, 1967 in Cherry Hill, New Jersey) is an American pornographic actor. He began his career in pornographic movies in 2004.


Semnan

Semnan may refer to:


Semnan, Iran

Semnan (; , also Romanized as Semnān and Samnān) is a city in and capital of Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 124,999, in 36,298 families. Semnan is located 216 kilometers east of Tehran.


Razavi Khorasan province

Razavi Khorasan Province (, "Ostān-e Khorāsān-e Rażavī" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Mashhad.

List of monarchs of Wessex

This is a list of monarchs of Wessex until 927. For later monarchs, see the List of English monarchs. Details for many of the later English monarchs are confirmed by a number of sources. But the earliest kings of Wessex predate many written sources. Wessex was one of the seven kingdoms of the British Heptarchy. This is a later name given to the seven Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of England during the early Middle Ages. Besides Wessex it included Northumbria, Mercia, East Anglia, Essex, Kent, and Sussex. 

The year 865 saw the arrival of the Great Heathen Army in East Anglia. One by one the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms were defeated by the Danes (Vikings). By the close of the ninth century the last four independent kingdoms of England had been reduced to just one. Wessex was the only remaining kingdom not destroyed by the Vikings. Under Alfred the Great Wessex became the core of a unified England. His grandson, Athelstan was the first King of England.



South Khorasan province

South Khorasan Province ( "Ostān-e Khorāsān-e Jonūbī" ) is a province in eastern Iran. Birjand is the centre of the province. Other major cities include Ferdows, Tabas and Qaen.



North Khorasan province

North Khorasan Province (, "Ostān-e Khorāsān-e Shomālī" and Kurdish: Xorasani kurdi) is a province in northeastern Iran. Its capital is Bojnord.


Bojnord

Bojnord (Persian: بجنورد) (also spelled Bojnūrd, Bujnūrd, Bojnoord, or Bujnurd.) is the capital city of North Khorasan Province, Iran. It is about from Tehran.

Ardabil

Ardabil (Persian and Azeri: اردبیل, also Romanized as Ardabīl and Ardebīl) is a historical city in north-western Iran. The name Ardabil comes from the Zoroastrian name of "Artawila", meaning a holy place. Ardabil is the capital of Ardabil Province. At the 2011 census, its population was 564,365, in 156,324 families, Its inhabitants are ethnic Azeris. Ardabil is also known for the sanctuary and tomb of Shaikh Safî ad-Dîn, eponym of the Safavid Dynasty.


Ardabil province

Ardabil Province (, "Ostān-e Ardabīl" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Ardabil. The province was established in 1993 from the eastern part of East Azarbaijan and the northern part of Gilan.

Sana'a Governorate

Sana'a ( "") is a governorate of Yemen. Its capital is Sana'a, which is also the national capital. However, the city of Sana'a is not part of the governorate. Instead, it forms the separate governorate of Amanat Al-Asemah. The governorate covers an area of 13,850 km². As of 2004, the population was 918,379 inhabitants, however an estimate put it at around 1,109,000 inhabitants in 2011.


Al Hudaydah Governorate

Al Hudaydah ( "") is a governorate of Yemen. Its capital is Al Hudaydah.


Hajjah Governorate

Hajjah ( "") is a governorate of Yemen. Its capital is Hajjah.


Sa'dah Governorate

Sa'dah ( "") is one of the governorates of Yemen. Its capital is Sa'dah.


Innsbruck Olympics

Innsbruck Olympics can mean:

Lake Placid Olympics

Lake Placid Olympics can mean:


Cortina d'Ampezzo Olympics

Cortina d'Ampezzo Olympics can mean:

Garmisch-Partenkirchen Olympics

Garmisch-Partenkirchen Olympics can mean:

Greyfriars Kirkyard

Greyfriars Kirkyard is a cemetery in Edinburgh, Scotland. It surrounds Greyfriars Kirk in the Old Town. Burials have been held since the late 16th century. The kirk and its monuments are protected as a category A-listed building. The kirkyard is said to be haunted. 

Many notable Scots are buried in the kirkyard including Sir George Mackenzie, Lord Advocate Mary Erskine, Regent of Scotland George Buchanan, and John Douglas, 4th Earl of Morton. The kirkyard is the resting place of Greyfriars Bobby, a Skye terrier who stayed by his master's grave in the kirkyard for 14 years.

Skye terrier

The Skye terrier is a breed of dog. It is medium sized with short legs, a long body, and a large head. It has a long coat of hair that protects the animal from injury and bad weather. It is one of the oldest terrier breeds, and has its origins on the Isle of Skye, Scotland. The dog was bred to destroy the pests around farms and livestock. The dog became popular in the 19th century because Queen Victoria made it a favorite. The most famous Skye terrier is Greyfriars Bobby. He stayed beside his master's grave for 14 years, rain or shine. There is a statue and fountain in Edinburgh that remembers him.

1945 Empire State Building B-25 crash

The B-25 Empire State Building crash was a plane crash that occurred on July 28, 1945. On that date, a B-25 Mitchell plane in heavy fog crashed into the Empire State Building in New York City. It caused 14 deaths (three people in the plane and eleven people in the building). It caused damage of around $1 million.

The plane crashed between the 78th and 80th floors of the building, leaving a 18 ft (5.5 m) by 20 ft (6.1 m) hole in the building. The fire that was started was put out in 40 minutes. It is the only fire at such a height that has been successfully put out. Elevator operator Betty Lou Oliver survived a fall of 75 floors, which is the Guinness World Record for the longest fall survived in an elevator. The building was reopened the Monday after the crash.


Pulp fiction

Pulp fiction is a kind of literature. It gets its name from the cheap, wood pulp paper it was printed on. Pulp fiction covered several genres: romance, western, science fiction, horror, detective, adventure, etc. It was most popular in the United States during the 1920s–1940s. Publication then decreased, perhaps because television took over the evening hours for readers and magazines were not read as often. Pulp fiction was published in a cheap magazine format often with gaudy covers. Stories were sometimes serialized, meaning the reader had to buy each monthly issue over a period of time to complete a particular story. 

Japanese occupation of Hong Kong

The Japanese occupation of Hong Kong (Chinese: ) was a time when Japan controlled Hong Kong. It began when the Governor of Hong Kong, Sir Mark Young, gave up the British Crown colony of Hong Kong to Empire of Japan on 25 December 1941. The occupation lasted for three years and eight months until Japan gave up at the end of Second World War.

One day after the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong started, the Japanese military yen was changed to the only legal currency of Hong Kong. In January 1942, two Hong Kong dollars could be converted to one Japanese military yen. However, in July, four Hong Kong dollars were needed to be converted to one Japanese military yen.

All primary schools and secondary schools had to teach Japanese. They were not allowed to teach English.

2012 Lamma Island ferry collision

On 1 October 2012, two ferries collided off Yung Shue Wan, Lamma Island, Hong Kong. Since the day was the National Day of the People's Republic of China, one of the ships was headed for the commemorative firework display.

39 deaths were caused in the accident.

Anthony Di Pietro

Anthony Di Pietro (born 15 February 1969) is an Australian businessman who works in Melbourne. He is the former chairman of the Victorian football club Melbourne Victory. He is also the Chief Executive Officer of a national fruit and vegetable produce company, called 'Premier Fresh Australia'.

Vitruvius

Vitruvius (probably Marcus Vitruvius Pollio) was an Ancient Roman architect and engineer who lived in the 1st century BC. Neither his name, "Marcus", nor his cognomen "Pollio" are certain. His main work is called "De architectura" (About architecture). There are ten books in it. He was probably born between 80 and 70 BC in Campania, and died after 15 BC.

Red Lobster

Red Lobster is a casual dining type of restaurant. The first one opened in March 1969 in Montreal, Quebec. The chain serves seafood, chicken, steak and pasta. There is 749 Red Lobster locations world-wide.

Wankel engine

The Wankel engine is a type of combustion engine. It is sometimes called a rotary engine. The Wankel engine is better than an engine of the reciprocating piston design because it is more compact and simple. 
However, so far, nobody has found a good enough solution to the fact that oil (lubricant) has to be burnt along with the fuel. This causes pollution issues, besides wasting oil. This is why most vehicles still use piston engines.
The Wankel engine was first thought of by German engineer Felix Wankel in 1929. He started working on it in the early 1950s along with German car company NSU. Since, it has been used by various other car companies, but mostly in prototype cars. One exception was Mazda, which made several cars that used Wankel engines, with the most well known one being the Mazda RX-7. As of 2021, there are no cars in production that have Wankel engines.

The Wankel engine works in a way similar to that of a regular four-stroke engine but instead of a piston going up and down, a triangle-shaped metal rotor revolves around the rod that connects to the wheels. Unfortunately, the way it works causes it to burn oil (lubricant), and this causes emissions to increase, which is why no cars use this kind of engine nowadays.

Ganz (surname)

Ganz is a German surname. People with this name include:


Tokyo Olympics

Tokyo Olympics can mean:


St. Moritz Olympics

St. Moritz Olympics can mean:


Parking lot

A parking lot (or car park) is an area where cars and other vehicles are parked and left temporarily. Parking lots are usually flat. The surface is usually made of asphalt, concrete, or gravel. Some lots may be bare earth. The paving material in a parking lot can heat quickly in the sun. A parked car can get hot, too. Children, older people, and animals such as dogs and cats should not be left in a parked car. They can die in a hot car.

Lines are put on paved lots to create the outlines of parking spaces. People leave their cars in these spaces while they go shopping, go to work, or do errands. Some spaces are set aside for disabled drivers or disabled passengers. These spaces are clearly marked. A disabled driver needs a special badge or insignia issued by the government to use these spaces. Disabled spaces are usually close to the front of a lot. Drivers who are not disabled can be fined or their cars towed if they use these spaces. 

Parking lots are usually near businesses, hospitals, government buildings, schools, hotels, zoos, etc. If many people go to these places, then the parking lots will be large. If not too many people go to these places, then the parking lots will be small. Small lots are usually unsupervised. Large lots are usually supervised by an attendant stationed in a small booth at the lot's entrance. He may issue a pass to a vehicle's driver that is stamped with the vehicle's arrival time. He will collect a fee from the driver when the vehicle leaves the lot. Some hotels provide free parking and those parking lots are big enough with lot of entrance. 

At a rural event such as a county fair, concert, auction, barn sale, corn maze, or pick-your-own strawberry patch, a parking lot may be nothing more than a large area of bare earth or a meadow that has been mowed for parking. Ropes or bales of hay may be used to mark the area for parking. An attendant may or may not be present. If present, he or she will advise a driver where to park in the lot and may or may not collect a fee. 

Parking lots can be dangerous, especially at night. Some lots are poorly supervised and dimly lit. Persons intent on mischief such as tire-slashers or criminal activity such as prostitutes, burglars, thieves, rapists, and drug dealers can operate without being easily seen. Anything valuable such as money, weapons, packages, children, or animals should "never" be left alone in a parked car. These will tempt thieves and child or animal snatchers. 
Broken glass, rusty nails, potholes, and rats can be parking lot hazards to people and their vehicles.

The automated parking system works with a combination of conveyance devices, software technology, and a mobile app for the best user experience. The system consists of an array of electro-mechanical infrastructure and computer-controlled robots. The conveying devices are capable of vertical and horizontal movement and used to store/retrieve vehicles to/from available multi-depth parking positions without human intervention. The very first automated parking garage was built in 1905: Garage Rue de Ponthieu in Paris, France. 


Voyage of Slaves

Voyage of Slaves is the third novel in Brian Jacques' "Castaways of the Flying Dutchman" series. It was released on September 13, 2006 in the UK and September 14, 2006 in the US.

Greek Orthodox Church

The Greek Orthodox Church is a Christian denomination. It is the largest one in Greece and among Greek people worldwide. It is Eastern Orthodox in doctrine. The Church of Greece is the Greek Orthodox church. Its head is the Archbishop of Athens. There are other Greek Orthodox churches in other countries.



The Great Redwall Feast

The Great Redwall Feast is a picture book written by Brian Jacques. The pictures were drawn by the well-known Redwall artist Christopher Denise. It was published in 1996.

"The Great Redwall Feast" is the first "Redwall" picture book, and it was written like a ballad. The animals of Redwall Abbey prepare a surprise feast for their .

"The Great Redwall Feast" is a story about the creatures of Redwall preparing for a feast while Matthias the Warriormouse, Constance the Badger , Foremole, and the Abbot are traveling in Mossflower Woods looking for a mysterious Bobbatan Weary Nod. The book shows the Abbeydwellers bustling in Redwall, cooking, gathering flowers, and doing other things for the feast for their beloved Abbot (probably Abbot Mordalfus). Many characters from "Redwall" and "Mattimeo" are in the book, but the baby mole Bungo is the only character in the book that wasn't in any Redwall novel.

The warm-colored pictures by Christopher Denise were drawn on brown butcher paper using , and instead of showing the Redwallers getting ready for war, it shows them much happier and friendly, at work in their daily lives.

Brian Jacques said that "The Great Redwall Feast" was "written a little more for mothers to read to their children, but many Redwall lovers will also enjoy it, because there is the challenge of solving a riddle before the end of the rhyme."


<br>

Lightsaber

A lightsaber is a weapon used in the fictional "Star Wars" universe. Lightsabers are usually used by the Jedi and the Sith, and sometimes other factions.

A lightsaber resembles a sword, but instead of having a blade made out of metal, lightsabers have a plasma laser beam for the blade, powered by an internal power cell contained within the hilt. This beam is very powerful and can cut through almost anything.

A lightsaber's blade will typically be red, blue, or green. The Sith are known to wield red lightsabers, and the Jedi are known for their signature blue and green lightsabers. In some of the Expanded Universe books, there are lightsabers that appear in a variety of other colors as well.

Hartford Courant

The Hartford Courant is the largest newspaper in the U.S. state of Connecticut. This newspaper is often considered the oldest continuously-published newspaper in the United States. Its headquarters are in Hartford, though it also serves other places in the area. This newspaper was established in 1764.

Biceps

The biceps brachii is a muscle in the arm. It has two parts, a long part and a short part. Using the elbow the muscle helps the movement of the forearm. When the muscle shortens, it bends the elbow and twists the forearm so that the palm faces up. The two parts of the muscle start on different parts of the shoulder blade and end together on the forearm.

The biceps is also a muscle in other quadrupeds. In humans, the muscle is more complex, and allows more complex movement than in other quadrupeds. 

The word biceps literally means two-headed, and refers to the fact that the muscle attaches to two different parts of the shoulder. In quadrupeds, the muscle only attaches at one point of the shoulder. 

Philanthropy

Philanthropy is doing something for the public good to improve other people's lives. A person who does that is called a philanthropist. Philanthropy often involves donating money for things that need to be done.

The word "philanthropy" comes from Greek words that mean "love of humanity". Former President of Uruguay, José Mujica donated 90% of his salary to charity. This is an example of philanthropy. 

Today philanthropy is used for public good, focusing on quality of life. People owning big business donates their salary to charities such as Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Lee Miglin, Chuck Feeney, Mr Beast and Ted Turner. 


Altenbrunslar

Altenbunslar is one of the sixteen villages that form the town of Felsberg in Schwalm-Eder-Kreis, North Hesse, Germany. The nearest city is Kassel.

Approximately 306 people live in the village.

The village is on the eastern bank of the Eder River. To the east of the village is the "Quillerwald" (English: "Quiller Forest") or "Markwald" (English: "common forest"). This forest once belonged to all the villages around it. The people of the villages were allowed to cut down trees and to let animals feed there, but they were not allowed to hunt in the forest. The Eder River meets the Fulda River just (5.6 mi) upstream from Altenbrunslar at Edermünde.

The bedrock is made up of differently-coloured sandstones. The hilly landscape is formed by way that the sandstone wears down evenly. Some steep hills are the remains of volcanoes. The volcanoes were active in this area about 15-20 million years ago.

3000 years before the birth of Christ, the area was inhabited by a prehistoric people.

The name "Bruneslar" was first recorded in 1154. The name "Altenbrunslar" was first used in 1381. It was owned by a local knight.

In 1532 Altenbrunslar received a monk from a nearby monastery.

In the Middle Ages Altenbrunslar belonged to the town of Felsberg. This later became part of Napoleon's Kingdom of Westphalia and then it became part of the Kingdom of Prussia. On 1 February 1971, Altenbrunslar joined Neuenbrunslar to become the "Brunslar Community". This in turn became part of the town of Felsberg on 1 January 1974.

A railway was constructed through the village in 1848. In 1849 Altenbrunslar received a railway station. On 3 September 1849 the first train came through Altenbrunslar, pulled by a locomotive called "Hassia".

In the Second World War the Allies destroyed Edersee Dam on the night of 16-17 May 1943. A big flood wave hit the village half an hour later. The people of the village heard the news on the radio and ran into the forest. The water flooded the Eder valley. The bridge in Altenbrunslar was not knocked down by the water.

The first stone bridge over the Eder River at Altenbrunslar was built in 1885. Before this there was a wooden bridge in summer and a ferryman with a boat in winter.
The small chapel in Altenbrunslar is a protected building. It was built in the 10th Century. In 1861 a wooden second storey was built on the chapel. In 2000, the chapel was completely renovated. The villagers believe that the church bell came from the nearby village of Brechelsdorf. Brechelsdorf is a nearby village that was destroyed many years ago.

Altenbrunslar was the "Dolles Dorf" (English: great village) in the Hessischer Rundfunk television programme of the same name. A ten-minute movie about the village was first shown on 25 August 2012. It can be seen still on the "Dolles Dorf" HR website.


Tatooine

Tatooine is a desert planet in the fictional "Star Wars" universe. Anakin Skywalker was born on Tatooine, and his son Luke Skywalker grew up there.

Tatooine is a place with lots of criminals (including Jabba the Hutt), and slavery exists on this planet.

Redhill, Surrey

Redhill is a town in the borough of Reigate and Banstead in Surrey, England. The town is part of the London commuter belt. The town of Reigate is to the west and Greater London is to the north. In 2001, the town, including the two large southern neighbourhoods of Earlswood and Whitebushes, had a total resident population of approximately 26,000 people.

</br>

Redhill, Nottinghamshire

Redhill is a small community in Nottinghamshire, England. It is part of the bigger town of Arnold. Redhill is about 4 miles north of the city of Nottingham in the borough of Gedling. 
The area has a population of approximately 2,000 people.

Naboo

Naboo is a planet in the fictional "Star Wars" universe. It is the home planet of two societies: the Gungans who live in underwater cities and the humans who live in regular cities. Humans of Naboo have a king or queen that they choose, and have a peaceful culture that loves education, the arts, environmental protection and science. The main capital of Naboo is Theed.

Redhill, Somerset

Redhill is a village in the parish of Wrington, Somerset, England. It is on the A38 Bridgwater Road. The town is about south of Bristol and it is close to Bristol Airport. The town is part of the Unitary Authority of North Somerset.

Mercia

Mercia was one of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of the Heptarchy. It was in the region now known as the English Midlands now East Midlands & West Midlands. Mercia was centered on the valley of the River Trent and its tributaries. Settled by Angles, their name is the root of the name 'England'. Their neighbors included other Angles, Saxons and all from Germany. Mercia bordered on Northumbria, Wessex, Sussex, Essex and East Anglia. To the west were Britons in Powys and the kingdoms of southern Wales. Its capital was Tamworth, which is today part of Staffordshire.

Archaeological discoveries show the first settlements were in the Trent river valley. The original kingdom of Mercia had a variety of different kinds of land. Most of it would not have been the first choice of anyone wishing to settle there. Not if better land was available elsewhere. The name 'Mercia' comes from the tribal name "Mierce", which means 'boundary folk.' It was probably a name already known in the English midlands and was adopted by the Angles who settled there. The Angles, according to Bede, came from "Angulus" in northern Germany. They were of the same stock as the East Anglians and the Northumbrians. The invasion of England by the Germanic tribes was relatively quick. By England was a large collection of small kingdoms each having a warlord or petty king. Within 200 years of their arrival in England, the late seventh century, emerged the Heptarchy: the seven kingdoms of Anglo-Saxon England. Mercia was the dominant power among the Anglo-Saxons from the middle of the seventh century to the early ninth century. Several Mercian noblewomen played an important role in Mercian affairs. This is in contrast to Wessex where women rarely had an active role in the government. During the seventh and eighth centuries Mercia struggled mainly with Northumbria. By the ninth century Wessex was the dominant power in the region. King Egbert of Wessex (802–839) was the overlord and for the first time passed this position down to his heirs. From this time on until they ceased to exist as a kingdom, Mercia was a vassal kingdom to Wessex. In the last quarter of the ninth century Mercia lost much of its territory in the midlands to Danish settlers.

Christianity was introduced into Mercia in the 650s. The first monks were Irish followed by Northumbrians. By 653 a single was established and a series of Irish trained bishops followed. In 674 a second diocese was established for eastern Mercia.

Penda (–655) was a pagan king of Mercia. He was able to put together a of a number of smaller kingdoms and from that he created Mercia. But in the 630s he was not able to compete with the larger Anglo-Saxon kingdoms that were around his. Northumberland was threatening to expand into the territory of Mercia. Penda found it convenient to ally with Gwynedd, the dominant British kingdom to the west. It was an unusual cooperation between Christians and pagans, but it worked. Together they defeated the Northumbrian king, Edwin, who died at the battle of Hatfield Chase.

Athelred I (675–716) was the third of Penda's sons to be king of Mercia. He ravaged Kent to prevent them from breaking away from his rule. In 679 he was at war with Northumbria. According to Bede, Theodore Archbishop of Canterbury between the two kings to restore peace. He married Ostryth, daughter of the king of Bernicia. He was a Christian king who founded several churches and monasteries. He stepped down as king in 704 and passed the crown to his nephew Cenred. He was of the monastery of Bardsey and appears to have died about 716.

Offa (757–796), was the first of the Anglo-Saxon kings who might rightly be called "king of the English". He was the son of Thingfrith, the brother of Penda. He struggled to gain control of Mercia having come to power just after a civil war. But he proved to be ruthless, bold and creative in bringing Kent, Sussex and Essex under his control. Offa had diplomatic relations with Charlemagne. He was one of the few Anglo-Saxon monarchs to have dealings with continental rulers. Letters and presents were exchanged. But when Offa sought a marriage of his son to one of Charlemagne's daughters, relations were quickly cut off. Frankish ports were closed to British ships. Offa, very involved in church affairs, presided over church councils personally in 786-7. In 787 he convinced the pope to create the position of archbishop of Lichfield in Mercia. He wanted his own archbishop who was closer at hand than the Archbishop of Canterbury. He reorganized the of his kingdom. One of these defenses, Offa's Dyke was a massive earthworks between Mercia and the Welsh kingdoms to the west. Offa died in 796. His son, Ecgfrith, lasted only 141 days as king. Mercia was never again as powerful as it was during Offa's reign.

A new Mercian king, Raedwulf, was killed by Viking raiders in 844. In 855 Viking bands were recorded as being in Mercia near Wrekin. But the year 865 saw a major change in activity by the Scandinavian invaders. This was a much larger military force than had been seen before. The arrival of the Great Heathen Army in East Anglia. For a time the Danes (Vikings) were more interested in Northumbria. They gained control of York and moved south into Mercia then camped for the winter in Nottingham. In the spring of 868 a combined Mercian and West Saxon army came against the Vikings, but there was no battle. The Mercian king Burghred made a peace treaty with the invaders, who then moved north to York. In 873 Burghred was forced out of Mercia by the Vikings who then set their own choice of King, Ceowulf. In 874 the heathen army split with Halfdan, one of the leaders taking his band north. In 878 the Vikings in Mercia were attacked and defeated by King Alfred of Wessex. They converted to Christianity and settled on the land in East Anglia.

The ninth century saw the decline of Mercia as a kingdom. In 873-74 Mercia was conquered by the heathen army. In the 880s Wessex formed a marriage alliance with Mercia. Alfred's daughter, Aethelflaed , married Aethelred (II), of Mercia. When Aethelred died, in 912, Edward the Elder appointed Aethelflaed (his sister) 'Lady of the Mercians.' When Aethelflaed died in 918, the Mercian nobles now thought themselves free of Wessex rule. Edward stepped in and appointed Aethelflaed's daughter, Aelfwynn, to rule Mercia as his representative. But in 919 Edward brought her back to Wessex. After that Mercia was considered just another shire under his rule. A series of (similar to a count in Europe) followed. Under Canute in 1017, Mercia became one of the four divisions of England.

Stormtrooper (Star Wars)

Stormtroopers are highly trained human soldiers In the Star Wars universe. They are the main military forces for the Galactic Empire. During the original Star Wars movie series (, and ) they worked for Darth Sidious and Darth Vader.

Stormtroopers wear white armor and helmets. They are armed with blaster guns. Stormtroopers replaced the clone troopers which were first seen in . Clone troopers where clones of the bounty hunter, Jango Fett. These clones were used in "Attack of the Clones" and "" as well as the animated movie and television series "". By the time of the original series, the clone had been replaced by normal humans. After the deaths of Sidious and Vader in "Return of the Jedi", stormtroopers continued to serve the remaining leaders of the Galactic Empire. They can be seen in the third Star Wars trilogy, "The Skywalker Saga" (, and ). In these movies, the stormtroopers are seen working for the First Order. This group is the main remaining part of the Empire.

In addition to the basic stormtrooper, there are many different types of stormtroop. Each type is either trained for a specific job or the are equipt to work in different environments. The snowtroopers seen on the snow covered planet Hoth at the start of "Empire Stikes Back" are an example of specialized troopers. They wear special armor that is made to help protect them from the cold. Other examples of specialized troopers include the TIE pilots from A New Hope and the scout troopers seen on Endor in "Return of the Jedi." There are many other types of troopers in the Star Wars books, comics and video games.


Cal Worthington

Calvin Coolidge "Cal" Worthington (November 27, 1920 – September 8, 2013) was an American car dealer. He was best known for his radio and television advertisements for the Worthington Dealership Group. He appeared with either a tiger, a seal, an elephant, a chimpanzee, a hippopotamus, or a bear.

Worthington was born on November 27, 1920 in Shidler, Oklahoma. He was named after then-Vice President of the United States Calvin Coolidge. Worthington died on September 8, 2013 in Orland, California from natural causes, aged 92.


Concord, Massachusetts

Concord is a town in east-central Massachusetts, not that far away from Boston. The population for Concord in the 2020 Census was nearly 18,500. The town is extremely notable for playing significant roles in the history of America. The town was the primary battle scene during the American Revolutionary War. Concord was established around 1635.


Value judgement

A value judgement (or value judgment) is an opinion of the rightness or wrongness or usefulness of something.

It is based on what a person thinks or prefers. Value judgments are not true or false. This is because they are not objective. They are decisions about how a person thinks or feels, or about what action a person thinks should be taken. They are opinions.

A typical dictionary definition runs:

Ski pole

Ski poles are carried by skiers to help them not falling over. They are called "ski sticks" in the United Kingdom. In France, they are called "batons". 

Ski poles in alpine skiing are shorter than ski poles in Nordic skiing. Longer ski poles are used in cross country and free style skiing.

They are made from metal or composite material.

Ski poles have been used for a long time. People first used one ski pole when skiing. The first ski poles could also be used as a weapon. A flat circle was put near the bottom of the ski pole in the 17th century. This made it so the ski pole would not go all the way down to the ground. People started to use two ski poles by the start of World War I.

A steel ski pole was first made in 1937. It was invented by Otto Lang. Before this, some people used bamboo for ski poles. More and more people started using metal ski poles after World War II.

Lots of changes were made to ski poles from 1950 to 1975.

Galapagos shark

The Galapagos shark ("Carcharhinus galapagensis") is a species of Requiem shark, in the order of Carcharhiniformes. The Galapagos shark is a large species, reaching a maximum length of up to 12.1 feet (3.8 metres), and weighing up to 86 kg. This species is found in tropical waters surrounding oceanic islands, and is found in the Pacific, Atlantic, and western Indian Ocean.

The Galapagos shark was originally described as "Carcharias galapagensis" by Robert Evans Snodgrass and Edmund Heller in 1905, and was later moved to the genus "Carcharhinus". The holotype was a 64 cm (2.13 feet) long fetus from the Galapagos Islands, giving it the specific name "galapagensis".

Garrick (1982) placed the Galapagos shark and the Dusky shark at the center of the "obscurus group", one of two major groupings within "Carcharhinus". The group consisted of the Bignose shark, the Caribbean reef shark, the Sandbar shark, the Dusky shark, and the Oceanic whitetip shark; all large, triangular-toothed sharks. Based on allozyme data, Naylor (1992) changed this group, with the additions of the Silky shark, and the Blue shark. The closest relatives of the Galapagos shark were found to be the Dusky shark, the Oceanic whitetip shark, and the Blue shark. 

The Galapagos shark reaches a maximum length of 12.1 feet (3.8 metres). Male individuals mature at lengths of 6.9-7.5 feet (2.1-2.3 metres), while females mature at 7.2-8.2 feet (2.2-2.5 metres) in length. The maximum weight for this species is 86 kg. 

The Galapagos shark is a large shark with a slim, fusiform body, and a low inter-dorsal ridge between the first and second dorsal fin. The first dorsal fin is tall and nearly straight. The long pelvic fins are straight, each with a pointed tip. The snout of the Galapagos shark is widely rounded.
The Galapagos shark resembles the Grey reef shark, but can be distinguished by its more slender body, and by the slightly rounded tip on the first dorsal fin. The Galapagos shark also strongly resembles the Dusky shark, but has a much more straighter first dorsal fin, and it has larger teeth than the Dusky shark. However, this can be difficult to distinguish without direct comparison of the two species. The Galapagos shark has a brownish-grey upper body, and a white belly. A white stripe can sometimes be seen on the sides of the shark. Their pectoral fins are solid grey with slightly dusky tips. 

The Galapagos shark is circumtropical in distribution with a preference for waters surrounding oceanic islands. In the Atlantic Ocean, this shark is found at St. Paul's Rocks, Ascension Island, Cape Verde, Saint Helena, São Tomé, Bermuda, and the Virgin Islands. In the western Indian Ocean it is found off Walter's Shoal, south of Madagascar. In the Pacific Ocean, the Galapagos shark is found off Lord Howe Island, Tuamoto Archipelago, Middleton and Elizabeth Reefs, Hawaii, Revillagigedo Islands, Clipperton Island, Cocos Island, and Galápagos Islands. Distribution limits are not well defined due to confusion with similar species of sharks. 

The Galapagos shark is a common, but habitat-limited, tropical shark found inshore as well as offshore, near insular and continental shelves, between 39°N-33°S, at depths up to 180 metres. This species prefers clear water with coral and rocky bottoms. Although it is a coastal-pelagic species, it is capable of crossing considerable distances of open ocean between islands, and has been reported at least 50 km from land. Young Galapagos sharks are found in shallow waters of 25 metres or less. 

The Galapagos shark is known to be a solitary species, but it is sometimes found in loose groups. It is a curious species, and is known to approach swimmers and investigate other disturbances in the water, such as boats and divers. The Galapagos shark can be an aggressive animal, and, like other species of sharks, it performs a display in order to attack its target. This display involves arching its back, raising its head, and lowering its pectoral fins as it swims with a noticeable twisting motion. 

The Galapagos shark usually hunts near the bottom, feeding on bottom-dwelling fish, but it is also been known to feed on prey from the surface. The fish it preys on include eels, flatheads, groupers, flatfish, and triggerfish. It also feeds on squid and octopuses. In the Galápagos Islands, off the coast of Ecuador, the Galapagos shark has been observed to feed on sea lions and marine iguanas. Occasionally, a large Galapagos shark may feed on other sharks. 

Galapagos sharks are viviparous, or livebearing, with embryos nourished by a yolksac-placenta during gestation. Mating and birth occurs early in the year within Hawaiian waters. Female individuals often have mating scars from males biting the gills, fins, and body. Each litter contains 6 to 16 pups, each being 60-80 cm long. The pups stay in shallow waters to avoid predation and cannibalism from members of their own species, eventually moving out to deeper waters as they mature. Galapagos sharks do not reproduce until the age of 10 years, with the maximum known lifespan for a Galapagos shark being approximately 24 years. 

According to the International Shark Attack File, the Galapagos shark has been responsible for one fatal attack on a swimmer in the Virgin Islands. In locations where this shark is common, they often are attracted to divers, sometimes even becoming an obstacle. When divers take aggressive actions, these sharks are not discouraged, but instead become more excited. The Galapagos shark has been reported to display threat behaviors including arching of the back, raising the head, and lowering the caudal and pectoral fins while swimming in a twisted, rolling motion.

This species is considered potentially dangerous and may attack if a food source is present, such as during spearfishing activities. If there are large numbers of Galapagos sharks present, it would be wise to limit one's activities in the water. 

The Galapagos shark is currently listed as Near Threatened by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN). However, the Galapagos shark might be listed as Vulnerable, Endangered, or Critically Endangered in the near future. In Australia and the western Pacific Ocean, the Galapagos shark is considered "Data Deficient" due to a lack of information on populations in this region. However, there is a marine reserve that surrounds this species' range off Lord Howe Island and the Kermadec Islands (New Zealand), where it is not considered to be under threat. 

Abell 2029

Abell 2029 or A2029 is a large cluster of galaxies 1 billion light years away in the constellation Virgo. 

Its central galaxy, IC 1101, is the largest galaxy known. Estimates ranging from 5.6 to over 6 million light years across. Contrast this with the Milky Way, which is 200,000 light years across. 

A2029 is also about 81 times bigger than the Milky Way, with a luminosity of 2 L. This type of galaxy may have grown to its large size by accreting nearby galaxies.


Ski bindings

Ski bindings keep ski boots connected to skis. The first ski bindings were ropes connect to the ski. People put their boot under the rope.

There are different ski bindings for alpine skiing and Nordic skiing. Alpine ski bindings connect the bottom of the ski boot to the ski. Nordic ski bindings connect the toe of the ski boot to the ski.

Ski boots

Ski boots are boots people wear when skiing. They cover the ankle and are rigid. Ski boots are connected to skis by ski bindings. They are made from synthetic materials. Ski boots keep the feet of skiers warm. 

Before the 1900s, people used normal boots for skiing. The first boots for skiing were made by military people fighting in the Russo-Finnish War. 

The front of Nordic ski boots connect to the ski at the toes.

Walking on Locusts

Walking on Locusts is the twelfth studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in September 1996. It was the first of Cale's full-length albums to be produced by Hannibal Records label. It was his only studio album in the 1990s.



Paris 1919

Paris 1919 is the third studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in March 1973. It was the second and last of Cale's full-length albums to be released by Reprise Records. It was produced by Chris Thomas.

All tracks written by John Cale.


Vintage Violence

Vintage Violence is the first studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in March 1970 on Columbia Records label. Cale is also the producer of this album.

Credits are adapted from the "Vintage Violence" liner notes.

Production

Black Panties (R. Kelly album)

Black Panties is the twelfth solo studio album by R&B singer R. Kelly. It was going to be released on 11 November 2013, by RCA Music Group. But some changes were made to the album. It was released on December 6 2013.

Kelly said that this album is different from his previous albums "Love Letter" and "Write Me Back".

The first single "My Story" was released on 28 July 2013. Genius got released a month later on Itunes and R. Kelly's Vevo page.

On December 10, 2013, the music video was released for "Cookie".

The album featured guest appearances by 2 Chainz, Future, Young Jeezy, Twista, Kelly Rowland, Alicia Keys and Ludacris. But only Ludacris, Kelly Rowland and Young Jeezy made the final cut of the album.

Music critics gave "Black Panties" good reviews.

Kelly said that he made 362 songs for "Black Panties".

"Black Panties" entered the Billboard 200 at number four.

Vladimír Guma Kulhánek

Vladimír Guma Kulhánek (born 4 September 1944 in Prague) is a Czech rock bass guitarist. He studied at the Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague. He was member of Flamengo, Etc..., Stromboli, Bohemia and many other bands. He was also a sought-after session musician who has played with Dežo Ursiny, Eva Pilarová, Jana Kratochvílová, Anna K and many others. Now, he is member of T4, November 2nd, Energit and the supergroup called "Kulhánek/Holeček/Razím/Kowacz".

Roman Dragoun

Roman Dragoun (born 8 April 1956) is a Czech singer, songwriter and keyboardist. He is a member of the band Progres 2. He was a member between 1980 and 1983, and has rejoined the band since 2007. He was also member of Stromboli, T4 and Futurum. He was a session musician for a number of other musicians and he was singer for musical theatre. In 2012, Dragoun was inducted into Beatová síň slávy (the Beat Hall of Fame).

He is the son of painter František Roman Dragoun.


Words for the Dying

Words for the Dying is the eleventh studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in September 1989. It was produced by Brian Eno.



Honi Soit

Honi Soit is the seventh studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in March 1981. It is his only full-length album on the A&M Records label. It was produced by Mike Thorne. The album's cover art is by Andy Warhol.



Slow Dazzle

Slow Dazzle is the fifth studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in March 1975. It was his second full-length album on Island Records label.



Helen of Troy (album)

Helen of Troy is the sixth studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in November 1975. It was his third and last full-length album on Island Records label.

All songs composed by John Cale, except where noted.

Adapted from the "Helen of Troy" liner notes.

Additional personnel

Production

BlackAcetate

blackAcetate is the fourteenth studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in October 2005. It was his second and last full-length album on EMI Records label.

All songs composed by John Cale.


BCS National Championship Game

The BCS National Championship is a game of American football, played each year by the best two college football teams in the United States. It is the final game of the Bowl Championship Series (BCS). The game happens in the beginning of January each year and the stadium changes each time. The winning team receives a trophy that looks like a glass football.

Matt Harvey

Matt Harvey (born March 27, 1989) is an American professional baseball player. He is a pitcher for the New York Mets. He joined the Mets in 2010 after he finished school. 

Harvey spent two years pitching in the minor leagues before going to the Mets in July 2012. In his first year, he had 3 wins and 5 losses with a 2.75 ERA. In the 2013 season, his pitching improved. He was the starting pitcher in the all star game at Citi Field, his home stadium. 

In August of 2013, Harvey's arm was injured. The injury caused him to miss all of 2014. He returned to play in 2015. Due to a planned surgery he will not play the 2017 season.

Padmé Amidala

Padmé Amidala is a fictional character in the fictional "Star Wars" universe. She is the secret wife of Anakin Skywalker and the mother of Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa. She is played by actress Natalie Portman in the prequel trilogy.

In "The Phantom Menace", Padmé is the fourteen-year-old queen of the planet Naboo. In the movie, Amidala gets captured by the evil Trade Federation, meets the young slave boy Anakin Skywalker, and takes her captured planet back from the Trade Federation.

In "Attack of the Clones", Padmé is not the queen anymore; she is now an adult, and a Senator. She and Anakin Skywalker fall in love though she said it would make them live a lie. Even though Anakin is a Jedi, and Jedi aren't supposed to get married, Padmé and Anakin got married anyway.

"Revenge of the Sith" is the last movie Padmé is in. She is going to have a baby, and her husband Anakin dreams that Padmé will die when she has the baby. Palpatine, a man that Anakin trusts, tells Anakin that he can save Padmé with the evil Dark Side of the Force. So Anakin goes to the Dark Side but little does he know that the power to save people from death was achieved by a jedi not a sith. He goes to a lava planet called Mustafar, and his master Obi-Wan Kenobi, along with Padmé, follow him there. Anakin, who has turned to the Dark Side, thinks that Padmé had got Obi-Wan to come with her (she had not). Anakin chokes Padmé using the Force and she blacks out and crumples to the floor.

Padmé is taken a little later to a hospital, where she gives birth to twins. Soon afterwards, because Anakin broke her heart which no none except her and Obi-Wan Kenobi knew, finally telling Obi-Wan with her last breath that she knows there's still good in Anakin, she dies.

Chicharrón

Chicharrón is a type of fried pork rind. also known as chicharon. It is also made from chicken, mutton, or beef. It is a main ingredient in making pupusas.

It is usually fried in lard. 

Lyndon LaRouche

Lyndon Hermyle LaRouche, Jr. (September 8, 1922 – February 12, 2019) was an American political activist and founder of the LaRouche movement. He wrote on economic, scientific, and political topics, as well as on history, philosophy, and psychoanalysis. He ran for President of the United States seven times under the Democratic Party ticket.

LaRouche was born on September 8, 1922 in Rochester, New Hampshire. He studied at Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts.

LaRouche was married to Janice Neuberger 1954 until they divorced in 1963. Then he married Helga Zepp in 1977. He had one son, Daniel with Neuberger. LaRouche died at his home in Leesburg, Virginia on February 12, 2019 at the age of 96.


Brooklyn College

Brooklyn College is a liberal arts college in Brooklyn, New York. It is part of the City University of New York's university system. It has around 16,822 students. It was built in 1930.

The college is known for its beautiful campus. It is often called "the poor man's Harvard" because of the low cost of going to the college and the high quality of its education.


Macduff (Shakespeare)

Macduff is a character in the play "Macbeth" by William Shakespeare. He is the Thane of Fife. He plays an important part in the story. He suspects Macbeth of having killed Duncan, the King of Scotland. Macduff eventually kills Macbeth in the final act. He is both the antagonist and the hero of the story.

River system

A river system is sometimes called a drainage system. It is the whole natural water system in a drainage basin.

Water in a drainage basin usually ends up in the sea, but there are places where the water just evaporates, or flows into an inland lake. Lake Chad, for example, is an example of an endorheic lake, which has no outlet to the sea.

Rivers are an important feature of most landscapes, acting as the principal mechanism for the transport of weathered debris away from upland areas and carrying it to lakes and seas, where much of the classic sediment is deposited. River systems can also be deposition, accumulating sediment within channels and on floodplains. 

Water flow in rivers and streams is normally confined to channels, which are depressions or scours in the land surface that contain the flow. The floodplain is the land that is covered when the river is in flood. Together the channel and over bank settings comprise the "fluvial environment". 

Battle of Buxar

The Battle of Buxar was fought on 23 October 1764 between the forces of the British East India Company led by Hector Munro and the combined army of Mughal rulers.

The Mughal forces were drawn from 2 princely states, whose rulers were Mir Qasim, the Nawab of Bengal, and the Mughal King Shah Alam II.

The battle fought at Buxar, then within the territory of Bengal, a town on the bank of the Ganges river about 130 km west of Patna, was a decisive victory for the British East India Company.

The combined Mughal forces numbered about 40,000 men, Monroe's forces numbered about 10,000 men, of whom 7,000 were regular British Army men seconded to the East India Company. Reports of the battle say that lack of co-ordination between the various Mughal forces was the main reason for their defeat.
The Causes for the battle of Buxar was the:
1. Conflict with the company :- Mir Qasim proved himself as a capable ruler .He attempted to improve the finances of his region. He raised his army on modern lines

The fate of the three defeated Mughal leaders varied. Shah Alam was forced to pay a fine of five million rupees. After negotiation, the Treaty of Allahabad was signed. All his pre-war possessions were returned except for the districts of Karra and Allahabad. He became a pensioner, with a monthly pension of 450,000 rupees. The Company later restored Allahabad to him. The Company got revenue authority (Diwani rights) for almost 100,000 acres of land in the modern states of West Bengal, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, and Uttar Pradesh, as well as in the neighbouring areas of Bengal.In return mughal emperor was given 26 lakh rupees.The Company's main aim was not to rule India, but to increase their revenue resources and expand trade throughout the country.Taxes were collected for them by a Company-appointed deputy-nawab.nawab was to pay an indemnity of rupees 50 lakh

Nawab Shuja-ud-Daula was restored to Oudh, with a subsidiary force and a guarantee of defence. Mir Qasim, the Nawab of Bengal, was ruined by the defeat. He had been the prime mover in the war, but afterwards he was deposed by the Company and rejected by Shuja-ud-Daula.

The arrangements made the British East India Company the virtual ruler of Bengal, since it already possessed decisive military power. All that was left to the Nawab was the control of the judicial administration. But he was later forced to hand this over to the Company in 1793. Thus the company's control was virtually complete.

In spite of all this the East India Company was again on the verge of bankruptcy, which stirred the British to make a fresh effort at reform. On the one hand Warren Hastings was appointed with a mandate for reform; on the other an appeal was made to the British state for a loan. The result was the beginnings of state control of the Company, and Warren Hastings was appointed Governor-General of Bengal from 1772 to 1785.

Suffragette

A suffragette was a woman in the early 20th century who believed they should have the right to vote (suffrage). This movement happened in the United Kingdom and United States. 

For many years women were not allowed to vote, and so they fought for their rights. In their protests, they ended up getting arrested. In 1913 Emily Davison died for the cause. In the UK, women over 30 got the right to vote in 1918. This was lowered to 21 in 1928. Similar struggles went on in all the English-speaking countries.


Music for a New Society

Music for a New Society is the eighth studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in October 1982. It was his first full-length album on ZE Records label. It was produced by Cale himself.



Technical writing

Technical writing is communication about technical and occupational fields. The Society for Technical Communication (STC) defines technical writing as any form of communication that is: 

The audience is a vital part of the writing. If, say, writing medical instructions to help patients and care-providers, the writing might be for doctors & nurses; lay people with a good general education; or poorly-educated people. The writing would be quite different in each case. For example:

Technical writing communicates visually as well as verbally. A communication should follow an overall logic. One approach is descriptive, such as "Parts of a car engine". Another is the problem-solver: "How to change tyres". Practical encyclopedias usually inform and have how to do it sections. Medical encyclopedias are a good example. A medical encyclopedia provides information to readers about health questions.

People have always needed how-to guides, which appeared in manuscripts before the arrival of print.

John Cale discography

This is discography of Welsh musician John Cale. Between 1970 and 2013 he released 19 studio albums, six live albums and three EPs. He is also record producer of many albums by various artists.






Multi-instrumentalist

A multi-instrumentalist is a musician who plays two or more musical instruments. Many professional musicians aim to become multi-instrumentalists.

In an orchestra, a number of musicians might each play a variety of different instruments during a single performance. Orchestras will also often, but not always, ask for several members of the woodwind section to be multi-instrumentalists. This is sometimes referred to as doubling. Typically, for example, one flute player in the orchestra will switch to playing the piccolo or alto flute when called to by the score. If an orchestra is playing a piece that needs "two flutes and a third flute doubling piccolo", it means that the third flautist also has a piccolo. Sometimes he or she will need to put the flute down and play the piccolo, then perhaps swap round again.

An oboist may sometimes double on the cor anglais, a clarinettist may sometimes double on a bass clarinet, and a bassoonist may double on a contrabassoon. At other times such instruments may need a separate player. At the beginning of a musical score there should be a list of instruments that makes it clear how many players are needed.

Fear (album)

Fear is the fourth studio album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in October 1974. It was his first full-length album on Island Records label.



Artificial Intelligence (album)

Artificial Intelligence is the tenth studio album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in September 1985. It was his only full-length album on Beggars Banquet Records label. It was produced by Cale himself.



The Academy in Peril

The Academy in Peril is the second studio album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in July 1972. It was his first full-length album on Reprise Records label. It was produced by Cale himself. The album's cover art is by Andy Warhol.

All tracks written by John Cale.


Songs for Drella

Songs for Drella is studio album by American guitarist Lou Reed and Welsh multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in April 1990 on Sire Records label.



Lou Reed (album)

Lou Reed is the first studio album by American guitarist Lou Reed. It was released in April 1972 on RCA Records label. It was produced by Richard Robinson.



Transformer (album)

Transformer is the second studio album by American guitarist Lou Reed. It was released in November 1972 on RCA Records label. It was produced by David Bowie and Mick Ronson.



Sabotage/Live

Sabotage/Live was recorded live at CBGB's, in New York City on 16 June 1979. It is the first live album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist John Cale. released in December 1979 on SPY Records label. Cale is also the producer of this album.



Jardin des Plantes

The Jardin des Plantes is the main botanical garden in France. It is one of seven departments of the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle. It is on the left bank of the river Seine and covers 28 hectares (280,000 m²).

There is a school there that trains people to be botanists respecting biodiversity. There is a zoo in the Jardin that was started during the French Revolution from the animals at Versailles. The garden was started in 1626. It was used in 1640 to grow medicinal herbs for the king. Among directors, Comte de Buffon expanded it greatly. Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck, Chair of Botany, changed its name from "Jardin du Roi" to "Jardin des Plantes" during the French Revolution. It helped not to have the name linked to the king.


Class ring

A class ring is a ring worn by students in the United States and Canada to celebrate their graduation. They are most often given out in high schools, colleges, and universities. The first class rings were made in 1835 at the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York.

Joint Intelligence Committee

The Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC) is part of the British Cabinet Office. It supervises the intelligence organisations of the United Kingdom on behalf of the Cabinet. More generally, it gives advice to the Cabinet on security, defence and foreign affairs.

The JIC sets priorities for the intelligence and security agencies: MI6, MI5, GCHQ, and Defence Intelligence.

The Committee is chaired by a permanent chairman, a member of the senior Civil Service, who is supported by the Intelligence and Security Secretariat and an assessment staff. The assessment staff is made up of experienced senior analysts drawn from across government and the military and conducts all-source analysis on subjects of interest to the committee. JIC papers written by the staff draw input from across the intelligence and security agencies and other related bodies.

Membership is the heads of the three collection agencies—the Secret Intelligence Service, Security Service and GCHQ—the Chief of Defence Intelligence, Deputy Chief of Defence Intelligence Staff, the Chief of the Assessment Staff, representatives of the Ministry of Defence, Foreign and Commonwealth Office and other departments, and the Prime Minister's adviser on foreign affairs.

The JIC has three functions:

The JIC drafts the annual Requirements and Priorities for collection and analysis, for approval by Ministers. These support the strategic national security objectives of the UK:

The JIC was founded in 1936 as a sub-committee of the Committee of Imperial Defence. This was the advisory defence planning agencyat the time. During World War II, it became the senior intelligence assessment body in the UK. In 1957 the JIC moved to the Cabinet Office. Its assessments staff prepare draft intelligence assessments for the Prime Minister and the Cabinet.

The JIC is monitored by the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament and supported by the Joint Intelligence Organisation.

Ever since World War II, the chief of the London station of the United States Central Intelligence Agency has attended the JIC's weekly meetings. One former US intelligence officer has described this as the "highlight of the job" for the London CIA chief. Resident intelligence chiefs from Australia, Canada, and New Zealand may attend when certain issues are discussed.


Tony Dungy

Tony Dungy (born 1955, Jackson, Michigan) is a former American football coach. He won the Super Bowl in 2006 with the Indianapolis Colts. He now talks about football on NBC. He is an African-American.

Dungy is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.


Oakland Alameda Coliseum

Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum (commonly called Oakland Coliseum) is a stadium in Oakland, California. The stadium is a stadium.This means it can be used to play different sports. The stadium was used as the home field for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League before they moved to Las Vegas. The stadium is still being used by the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball.

On December 15, 2019, the Raiders played their final game at Oakland Coliseum. They would lose to the Jacksonville Jaguars 20–16. The team would move to Las Vegas the next season.

The Athletics will also relocate to Las Vegas in 2028 when their 33,000 seat domed ballpark is finished being built.

The stadium first opened in 1966. It can seat more than 55,000 people for football games. It seats 45,000 when it is used for baseball.


George A. Miller

George Armitrage Miller (February 3, 1920 – July 22, 2012) was one of the founders of cognitive psychology in the 20th century. He studied thinking, language, and memory.

Miller found out that if you ask people to remember a list of words or numbers, most people can remember only between five and nine words or numbers. His paper "The magical number seven, plus or minus two" explained this as a limitation in human short-term memory.

Once a behaviorist, Miller moved to cognitive psychology. In 1991, Miller was awarded the National Medal of Science. Miller revolutionized the world of psychology by showing that aspects of the human mind could be observed and tested in a laboratory setting.

Miller was born in Charleston, West Virginia. In 1940 he received his bachelor's degree from the University of Alabama, where he majored in English and speech. In 1946, Miller received his Ph.D. in Psychology from Harvard University. During his life, he taught as a professor at Princeton, Harvard, and Rockefeller University. He died in Plainsboro, New Jersey at the age of 92.

The first concept introduced by Miller is known as chunking. "Chunking" is a way developed to help people remember a certain number of words or numbers. It is known to help with both short-term memory and long-term memory. When he asked subjects to perform memory tasks in various experiments, he noticed that most subjects recalled about seven units from a list regardless of the list topic. Miller said that the short-term memory could only hold 5-9 chunks of information (plus or minus two) and is also a way to increase the capacity of short-term memory. A chunk can refer to digits, words, faces, or any type of meaningful unit. Chunking is when a person groups multiple words together to help with memory tasks. This technique can help people with recalling specific groups of words. Remembering is much easier when the chunking technique is used. An example of chunking would be trying to remember a long sequence of digits. For example, 2 4 5 6 1 4 2 7 0 could be remembered by chunking those numbers into smaller meaningful units such as 245 614 270.

"The magical number seven, plus or minus two: some limits on our capacity for processing information" was a paper published originally in "The Psychology Review". This paper remains Miller's most famous and cited piece of work in the history of psychology. It outlines the number of items, numbers, or objects an average human memory can hold. Miller states in his paper, "This number assumes a variety of disguises, being sometimes a little larger and sometimes a little smaller than usual, but never changing so much as to be unrecognizable" (Miller 1956). He did a series of memory tasks that led him to believe that 7 was the number. The paper goes into depth stating how the memory span is a complicated source and how it can hold a lot of information.

Miller began working on Wordnet in the mid 1980s. It is a large database of English nouns, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs that are grouped into sets of cognitive synonyms which represent a specific concept or idea. It resembles a thesaurus since it groups words together based on their meanings. Miller wanted to use Wordnet as a tool to test psycholinguistic theories on how people use and understand words.




Astrophytum

Astrophytum is a genus of cacti. 


GRU

GRU is in the military intelligence service of the Russian Federation, (formerly the Red Army of the Soviet Union).

"GRU" is the English version of the Russian acronym ГРУ, which means Main Intelligence Directorate.

The GRU is Russia's largest foreign intelligence agency. In 1997 it had six times as many agents in foreign countries as the SVR (The SVR is the successor to the KGB's foreign operations directorate). The GRU commanded 25,000 Spetsnaz ('special') troops in 1997.

The GRU's first predecessor in post-tsarist Russia was created on October 21, 1918 under the sponsorship of Leon Trotsky, who was then the civilian overseer of the Red Army. It was originally known as the Registration Directorate ("Registrupravlenie", or RU). In his history of the early years of the GRU, Raymond W. Leonard writes:
"As originally established, the Registration Department was not directly subordinate to the General Staff [of] the Red Army... In 1921... it was elevated in status to become the Second (Intelligence) Directorate of the Red Army Staff.
It was given the task of handling all military intelligence, particularly the collection of intelligence of military or political significance from sources outside the Soviet Union. The GRU operated residencies all over the world. They ran with the SIGINT (signals intelligence) in Cuba, and throughout the former Soviet bloc countries, especially in Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia.

The GRU was well known in the Soviet government for its fierce independence from the rival "internal intelligence organizations", such as NKVD and KGB. At the time of the GRU's creation, Lenin infuriated the Cheka (predecessor of the KGB) by ordering it not to interfere with the GRU's operations. Nonetheless, the Cheka infiltrated the GRU in 1919. This planted the seed for a fierce rivalry between the two agencies, which were both engaged in espionage. The rivalry was even more intense than that between the FBI and CIA.

The existence of the GRU was not publicized during the Soviet era. Documents about it became available in the West in the late 1920s, and it was mentioned in the 1931 memoirs of the first OGPU defector, Georges Agabekov. Walter Krivitsky, the most senior Red Army intelligence officer ever to defect, described it in detail in his 1939 autobiography ("I was Stalin's agent").

It became widely known in Russia, and the West during perestroika. Viktor Suvorov (Vladimir Rezun), a GRU agent who defected to Great Britain in 1978, wrote about his experiences in the Soviet military and intelligence services. According to Suvorov, even the General Secretary of the CPSU could not enter GRU headquarters without going through a security screening.

The GRU is still a very important part of the Russian Federation's intelligence services, especially since it was never split up like the KGB. The KGB was dissolved after aiding a failed coup in 1991 against the then Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev. It has since been divided into the Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) and the Federal Security Service (FSB).

The GRU was officially dissolved on 7 May 1992. It continues as the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Russian Armed Forces.

Balaclava

A balaclava (or ski mask) is a type of clothing worn over the head. It has holes for eyes, the mouth and the nose. They are normally worn to protect from cold weather, and is often worn by skiers.

The name "balaclava" comes from the town of Balaklava, near Sevastopol in Crimea, Ukraine.

John Cale Comes Alive

John Cale Comes Alive is the second live album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was recorded in January 1984 and released in September of the same year on ZE Records label. Cale is also the producer of this album.



Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy)

Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy) is the second studio album by multi-instrumentalist Brian Eno. It was released in November 1974 on Island Records label. It was produced by Eno.



Wrong Way Up

Wrong Way Up is a studio album by multi-instrumentalists Brian Eno and John Cale. It was recorded between April and July 1990. It was released in October 1990.



Protective gear in sports

Protective equipment helps sport people not get hurt. They use it in skiing, inline skating, skateboarding, snowboarding, and other sports. Types of protective equipment for these sports include wrist guards. Inline skating protective equipment includes a helmet, knee pads, elbow pads, and wrist guards. Skiing protective equipment includes helmets, and release bindings. Snowboarding protective equipment includes wrist guards.

Protective equipment for Australian rules football includes headgear.

Mobility aid

Mobility aids (or orthopedic aids) are devices that are designed to help people walk or move better. They can make people hurt less and feel less pain. An example is a wheelchair.

There are two types of orthopedic aids. One type means people can move part of the body less. The other type means people put less weight on their feet. Splints, knee braces, shoe adjustments, position aids and abduction casts are orthopedic aids.

Children with a disability are two times more likely than children who do not have a disability to use an orthopedic aid.

In Croatia, health insurance pays for orthopedic aids for people less than 18 years old, or people who got hurt while working.


Ski lift

A ski lift is a machine which can take people up and down a hill or mountain. There are different kinds of ski lifts. Some are like chairs. Some are like tram cars.

Ski instructor

Ski instructors are people who teach other people how to ski. Ski instructors need a license to teach skiing.

Kellogg–Briand Pact

The Kellogg–Briand Pact (also called the General Treaty for the Renunciation of War or the World Peace Act) was an agreement on peace signed on August 27, 1928, by several countries. Some of these countries were the United States, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Japan, and Germany. It was named after its authors, Frank B. Kellogg and Aristide Briand.
The pact said that war was wrong and should be banned, but said nothing about what to do with a country that went to war anyway. The pact was the result of a determined American effort to avoid involvement in the European alliance system. The Kellogg-Briand Pact was registered with the League of Nations on Tuesday 4 September , 1928.

Guide skier

A guide skier is a person who helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go. They communicate by using a radio or talking to them. The guide skier can see.

Skiers can use more than one guide during a race type. The guide can only win a medal if they raced with the same skier for the whole race type. Like the skier, the guide has to have an IPCAS Licence in order to compete in races. Guide skiers need to follow to anti-doping rules.

Skiers follow the guide skier in the biathlon.


Ski goggles

Ski goggles are goggles that help protect a skiers' eyes from the sun.

Ski goggle lenses are made from soft plastic. Ski goggles sometimes fog and it is not easy to see through the lens.

People who wear glasses can get ski goggles that can be worn over their glasses.

Ski glasses are stored in soft bags.

Ski suit

A ski suit is a piece of clothing. It has one piece. It does not have one shirt and one pair of pants. The ski suit protects the skier when they are racing.

Whistler Creekside

Whistler Creekside is one of four neighborhoods in Whistler, British Columbia, Canada.

The 2010 Winter Paralympics para-alpine skiing races were at Whistler Creekside. The types of races at Whistler included downhill, Super-Combined, Super-G, slalom and giant slalom.

2002 Winter Paralympics

The 2002 Winter Paralympics was the eighth Winter Paralympics. They were held in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States, from 7 to 16 March 2002. A total of 416 athletes from 36 nations participated in the Games. They were the first Winter Paralympics in the American continent.

These were the first Paralympic Winter Games for Andorra, Chile, the People’s Republic of China, Croatia, Greece and Hungary.

At the 2002 Winter Paralympics, women's downhill and men's unable to see downhill were on day 1. Men's standing and being seated downhill were on day 2. Men's standing and being seated Super-G was on day 3. Men's unable to see and women's Super-G was on day 5. Men's standing and being seated Giant Slalom was on day 7. Women's and men's unable to see Giant Slalom was on day 8. Men's standing and being seated Slalom was on day 9. Women's and men's unable to see Slalom was on day 10.

The United States came in first in sledge hockey.

2010 Winter Paralympics

The 2010 Winter Paralympics were the 10th Winter Paralympics. They were held in Vancouver and Whistler, British Columbia, Canada from 12 to 21 March 2010. The Opening Ceremony was held in BC Place Stadium in Vancouver. The Closing Ceremony was in Whistler.

The 2010 Winter Paralympics para-alpine skiing races were at Whistler Creekside. The types of races at Whistler included downhill, Super-Combined, Super-G, slalom and giant slalom.

The United States came in first in sledge hockey.

2006 Winter Paralympics

The 2006 Winter Paralympic Games was the ninth Winter Paralympics. It was held in Turin, Italy from 10 to 19 March 2006. These were the first Winter Paralympic Games to be held in Italy.

At the 2006 Winter Paralympics, a new classification system was used. It made 14 classes into three groups and used factored results for each of three groups. At the 2006 Games, in the Super-G, there were 55 male competitors compared to 18 women in the standing group.

The United States came in third in sledge hockey.


Paraplegia

Paraplegia is paralysis of the legs and lower half of the body. It happens when the spinal cord is damaged. Sometimes, they are kept alive by a life-support machine. It sometimes happens to people because they get a disease.

Superior paraplegia is a type of paraplegia where people cannot use their arms and the top of their body.

A person who has paraplegia is sometimes called a paraplegic.

International Ski Federation

International Ski Federation () (FIS) is the sport organization for skiing. 

The organization started in Norway in 1910. It was first named the International Ski Commission. It changed its name to the Fédération Internationale de Ski in February 1924. When it changed its name, it became the world organization for skiing.
The federation organises the following ski sport disciplines, for which it oversees World Cup competitions and World Championships:

"Note:" The discipline of Biathlon, which combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting, has its own organisation, the International Biathlon Union (IBU).

Punial State

Punial was a princely state of the British Raj. The British called it a "Special Political District" of the Gilgit Agency. It was located in the northwest part of the former Northern Areas. It existed until 1974. This area and other neighbouring states were never ruled directly by Kashmir and Jammu.

Athelred of Wessex

Athelred or Æthelred (–) was King of Wessex from 865 to 871. He succeeded his brother Ethelbert at the time of the invasion of England by the "Great Heathen Army". He was the first of the four sons of Athelwulf not to rule as "under-king" before he became king of Wessex.

Athelred was the fourth son of King Athelwulf and his wife Osburga. She was the daughter of Oslac, Athelwulf's butler. While his father was in Rome and France, 855-856, his oldest brother Athelstan had died. Prior to his death two years later Athelwulf left a will. in that will the two eldest sons, Ethelbald and Ethelbert should have the kingdom. When Ethelbald died in 860, Ethelbert became the king of Wessex. But their father's will had made no provision for Athelred and Alfred, the two youngest sons, to be kings. Possibly for that reason Ethelbert did not appoint his brother Athelred King of Kent. He consolidated everything into the single kingdom of Wessex. In 865 Vikings raided into Kent and the men of Kent agreed to pay them ransom. But the Vikings the eastern part of Kent despite the pending treaty.

Athelred had not expected to reign, but when his brother Ethelbert died in 866, Athelred became the king of Wessex. This was just after the arrival of the Great Heathen Army in East Anglia. For a time they were more interested in Northumbria. They gained control of York and moved south into Mercia then made their winter camp in Nottingham.

It was at this time his younger brother Alfred was given the title of "Secundarius" (Latin for secondary). This meant he was appointed as heir to the throne. In 868 Burgred, the King of Mercia, asked King Ethelred and Alfred for their help against the Danes (Vikings). When the Danes saw the combined English army against them they asked for peace. The Vikings withdrew to York where they managed a completely defeat. The next year, 871, the great Viking army grew much larger. They moved on Reading. Ethelred with his brother Alfred arrived with their army to meet the new threat. In the battle that followed, the Battle of Reading, both sides suffered many casualties. Athelred's army was defeated. Four days later the two armies met again at the Battle of Ashdown. This time the West Saxons won the victory and the Vikings retreated to Reading. Two weeks later Athelred and Alfred led the West Saxons against the Danes at Basing where the Danes won. Two months passed without any fighting between them. The next battle was at a place called Merantun. After a day long battle which the English were winning, the Danes were able to regain their lost ground. Just after mid-April in 871, 
Athelred died. He was buried at Wimborne Minster. He was succeeded by his younger brother Alfred.

His wife's name is not known (see note a below). He had two sons:



Bernard of Clairvaux

Bernard of Clairvaux (1090-1153) was a French theologian. He is a Roman Catholic saint. He was an abbot in the Cistercian order. He was also the patron of the Knights Templar.



Aesculus indica

Aesculus indica (or the Indian or Himalayan Horse Chestnut) is a tree. It grows to about with a spread of about . It best grows in -15°C (5°F), USDA zones 7-9. It is in flower from June to July. The seeds ripen in October. The flowers are hermaphroditic. There are many white blossoms during May and June. The plant is pollinated by bees. Its leaves are 10–20 cm long by 2–6 cm wide. The mature tree forms a round canopy.

Mini-bar

A mini-bar is a small refrigerator in a hotel room with drinks in it. They are usually found in expensive and sometimes mid-range hotel rooms and may have things like soft drinks, wine and beer. The hotel usually charges to use it, and prices are usually very high.

Many mini-bars automatically charge money if drinks are removed, even if you do not drink them.

Rhododendron ponticum

Rhododendron ponticum, called common rhododendron or pontic rhododendron, is a species of rhododendron. It is native to southern Europe and Asia. It is the state flower of Kashmir. It has become an Invasive species in North America. It is a dense,suckering, shrub or small Tree that usually grows to 5 meters tall,or rarely 8 meters.

Otto Sander

Otto Sander (30 June 1941 – 12 September 2013) was a German actor. He was known for his roles in "Wings of Desire", "Das Boot", and in "Faraway, So Close!". He was also known for his deep strong voice.

Sander was born on 30 June 1941 in Hanover, Germany. He was raised in Kassel, Germany. Sander graduated from Friedrichgymnasium in 1961. He was married to Monika Hansen until his death in 2013. Sander died on 12 September 2013 in Berlin, Germany from cancer, aged 72.

274301 Wikipedia

274301 Wikipedia is an asteroid in the asteroid belt. It was discovered by Andrushivka Astronomical Observatory in 2008. It was named "Wikipedia" in January 2013.

Maladolescenza

Maladolescenza is a 1977 romance-drama movie. It is about three children: Sylvia, Laura and Fabrizio. Fabrizio is a sinister and cruel boy. He kills one of the teenage girls so she will never leave him. This movie was very controversial in several countries. It was refused classification or banned in several areas, particularly Germany. Modern reviews have called the movie a strong artistic work, although some disapprove of the material inside this movie.

Crystallinity

Crystallinity is a physical property of a solid that acts like a crystal. The degree of crystallinity of a crystal has a big influence on hardness, density, transparency and diffusion. 

Crystallinity can be measured using x-ray diffraction, but calorimetric techniques are also commonly used.
Examples would include: sodium chloride (table salt)

Mint (candy)

Mint is a flavor frequently used in candy, chewing gum and ice cream. Famous brands of mints include Polos (made by Rowntrees, then Nestlé), Altoids, Cadburys After Dinner Mints, Fisherman's Friends, Trebor extra strong mints, Menthos and Wrigleys spearmint gum.


The Legend of Zelda: Hyrule Historia

The Legend of Zelda: Hyrule Historia is a book about "The Legend of Zelda" video game series. It shows the timeline of the fictional events in the series as written by Nintendo. It also has artwork of games in the series, a short manga, and a foreword (a short piece of writing found at the beginning of a book) and afterword (a short piece of writing found at the end of a book) written by people who created the series.

It was first released in Japan on December 21, 2011. It was released for the series' 25th anniversary and the release of "". It was later released in English on January 29, 2013.

The book topped Amazon.com's list of best-selling books. It also topped "The New York Times" Best Seller list in the "Hardcover Advice & Misc." category.


Virgin Islands

The Virgin Islands are part of the Leeward Islands, which are the northern part of the Lesser Antilles. They are between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean.

The eastern islands are the British Virgin Islands. The British Virgin Islands is an of the United Kingdom. It includes , , and .

The western Virgin Islands are the United States Virgin Islands. It includes St. Croix, , St. Thomas and Water Island. The Virgin Passage separates the U.S. Virgin Islands from the "" of and Culebra, which are part of Puerto Rico. The United States dollar is the official currency on both the British and U.S. Virgin Islands as well as the Spanish/Puerto Rican Virgin Islands.

Raab

Raab is a market town in Upper Austria. The area of Raab is . 

Ray Dolby

Ray Milton Dolby (January 18, 1933 – September 12, 2013) was an American engineer and inventor of the noise reduction system known as Dolby NR. He was also a co-inventor of video tape recording while at Ampex.

He was the founder of Dolby Laboratories. He was also a billionaire and a member of the Forbes 400 with an estimated net worth of $2.9 billion in 2008 although as of September 2012 it was estimated to have declined to $2.4 billion.

Dolby was born on January 18, 1933 in Portland, Oregon. He studied at San Jose State University, at Stanford University, and at Cambridge University.

Dolby was married to Dagmar Dolby from 1966 until his death in 2013. They had two children.

Dolby died on September 12, 2013 in San Francisco, California from leukemia, aged 80.


Délfor Dicásolo

Délfor Amaranth Dicásolo, better known as Délfor (April 25, 1920 – September 13, 2013) was an Argentine actor, comedian, screenwriter, and artist. He was known for his radio work and comedic routines. His career has lasted for 57 years.

Dicásolo was born on April 25, 1920 in Chivilcoy, Buenos Aires, Argentina. His parents were from Naples, Italy. Dicásolo had two children. He lived in Buenos Aires with his family until his death in 2013. Dicásolo died on September 13, 2013 in his Buenos Aires home from natural causes, aged 93.

Coming to America

Coming to America is a 1988 comedy movie directed by John Landis. It is about an African prince who comes to the United States in hopes of finding a woman he can marry. It stars Eddie Murphy, Arsenio Hall, James Earl Jones, John Amos, Ralph Bellamy, and Don Ameche. It was released on June 29, 1988. A sequel, "Coming 2 America", was released in December 2020.

Nekromantik

Nekromantik is a controversial 1987 horror movie. The subjects look at suicide and necrophilia. This horror movie was refused classification in Australia, Iceland, New Zealand and Norway due to its graphic and explicit content. It became a cult movie during the years after its release, however.

Granary

A granary is a building or room (usually in a barn) that holds grain. It keeps the grain dry so it does not spoil, and keeps it away from animals that would eat it. They are an important part of a farm. If the grain is lost, eaten by pests, or ruined, the farmers might starve or lose much money.

Granaries have been around as long as humans have had agriculture and in some cases even before we planted crops. The earliest ones are over 11,000 years old and stored grains that grew in the wild and were collected by hand. 

Granaries usually have few, if any, windows. They are often built off the ground, to keep out water and mice. They will have a door near the bottom to get the grain out, and usually have an opening up high to put the grain in. 


Silo

A silo is a building that holds silage. Silage is green chopped plants (usually grass or corn stalks) that is kept wet (this is different than hay, which is stored dry). It ferments and can be kept all winter. It makes good food for livestock, particularly dairy cows. 

The silo is a fairly recent part of the farmyard. It was first widely used in the late 1800's. They are still used today.

While silage can be stored in many ways, the typical silo is a tall cylinder. It usually has a cone or dome cap on top. There is an opening at the top to put silage in, and doors running down one side to take it out. Originally a farmer would climb the outside of the silo to the top of the silage, go inside, and shovel out the silage. There is typically a chute on the outside, and the silage would fall down the chute, where it could be gathered and fed to the cows. Now there is machinery that does that job.

Flag of Kazakhstan

The current flag of Kazakhstan () was adopted on 4 June 1992. It replaced the flag of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic.

Flag of Kosovo

The flag of the Republic of Kosovo was adopted after its independence from Serbia on 17 February 2008.

The background of the flag is blue in color. A map of Kosovo and six stars are on the map. Officially, the stars mean Kosovo's six major ethnic groups. 

Power County, Idaho

Power County is a county of the U.S. state of Idaho. The area of Power County is .




Oil-paper umbrella

The oil-paper umbrella () is a type of paper umbrella from China. It has spread to Japan, Korea, Vietnam, Malaysia, Burma, Thailand and Laos. People in these countries have developed the oil-paper umbrella with different features.

In China and Japan, in addition to use as providing shade, the oil-paper umbrella is used at weddings. In Ryukyu, it is also used at funerals.

Deontological ethics

Deontological ethics is a type of ethics and ethical theories. It judges actions based on whether they follow certain rules. It is sometimes described as "duty" or "obligation" or "rule" -based ethics, because rules "bind you to your duty". The Ancient Greek word "deon" is commonly translated as "obligation" or "duty". Deontological ethics is different from consequentialism, which judges actions based on what happens because of them. It is also different from pragmatic ethics.

There are different fields of deontological ethics. Some of them are:

Snow skin mooncake

Snow skin mooncake (Also known as Snowy mooncake, Ice skin mooncake or Crystal mooncake) is a Chinese food which is often eaten during the Mid-Autumn Festival. A bakery in Hong Kong created snow skin mooncakes in 1989.

Snow skin mooncake is not baked. Traditional mooncakes are made with egg yolks and lotus seed paste. Therefore, there is a lot of sugar and oil in them.

Pragmatic ethics

Pragmatic ethics is a kind of ethics that focuses on the development in society: People such as John Dewey believe that the moral progress a society makes is related to the progress and level in science of that society. Scientists look at hypotheses and examine them; they can then act in such a way that they believe these hypotheses to be true. When science advances, future scientists can replace a hypothesis with a better one. 

Jon Philp

Jonathan (Jon) Philp (born 1960 in Bangkok) is an Australian diplomat and career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade. 

On 9 August 2012, Bob Carr announced Philp as the next Australian ambassador to Afghanistan. He presented his credentials to Afghan President Hamid Karzai on 31 January 2013. 

Before he was chosen as ambassador, Philp was the Assistant Secretary, International Organisations Branch and Assistant Secretary, Consular Operations Branch.

He has previously served overseas as Ambassador to Turkey; Deputy Head of Mission in Myanmar and postings to Saudi Arabia, Vientiane, London, Nairobi and Madrid.

Mr Philp holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) from the Australian National University. He speaks Arabic and French.


Centre for Conflict and Peace Studies

The Centre for Conflict and Peace Studies is an independent research organization, which started in July 2006. Its office is in Kabul, Afghanistan. This office is a research centre, which means that it is an important place where people can do independent research. Most of its research is about governance, security, and developmental challenges (difficulties) in Afghanistan. 

Most research centres in Afghanistan have foreign - non-Afghan - workers, but the people who work at there are from Afghanistan. It is a place where people can discuss ways to change Afghanistan. The workers tell other Afghan people about their research. They also discuss their research with people from other countries. When people from other countries come to Afghanistan to work, they can learn how to live in Afghanistan from them. 


Susan Cox

Susan Cox is an Australian diplomat and is a career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade. 

On 28 September 2012, she was chosen as the new Australian ambassador to Croatia. She gave her credentials to Croatian President Ivo Josipović on 14 December 2012. 

She has previously served as Ambassador to the Federated States of Micronesia, Deputy High Commissioner in Vanuatu, and Australian Vice Consul in New Caledonia.

Previous jobs she held with the department include Director of Passport Communication and Training, Director of the Post Security Taskforce and Director of the Consular Policy and Crisis Management Section.

Cox holds a Bachelor of Arts (Administration) from the University of Canberra. She is currently completing an Executive Masters in Public Administration at the Australia and New Zealand School of Government. She was awarded the Order of Australia Medal for her role in the response to the 2002 Bali bombings.

South Jeolla Province

South Jeolla Province, or Jeollanam-do (hangul: 전라남도; hanja: 全羅南道; McCune-Reischauer: Chŏllanam-do; Revised Romanization: Jeollanam-do), is a province in the southwest of South Korea.

The province keeps partnerships with many cities and provinces around the world.

The South Jeolla province was formed in 1896 from the southern half of the former Jeolla province, remained a province of Korea until the country's division in 1945, then became part of South Korea. Gwangju was the capital of the province, until the provincial office moved to the southern village of Namak, Muan County in 2005.

The symbols of the province are:

The province is part of the Honam region, and is bounded on the west by the Yellow Sea, on the north by Jeollabukdo province, on the south by Jeju Strait, and on the east by Gyeongsangnam-do province

The province has an area of with a population, as for 2010, of 1,9404,55 and a density of inhabitants per km².

There are almost 2,000 islands along the coastline, about three quarters of which are uninhabited. The coastline is about long. Some of the marine products, in particular oyster and seaweed cultivation, are leading in South Korea.

The rivers Somjin, Tamjin and Yeongsam form plains that are very good for growing rice. The largest river is the Yeongsan, long; it flows to the southwest and forms a estuary in the Yellow Sea at Mokpo.

In coastal areas, the climate is mild and humid, with annual rainfall of and average temperatures of . Summer is wet, windy and dry winter. The west side of the Sobaek mountains receives heavy snowfall.

Jeollanam-do is divided into 5 cities ("si") and 17 counties ("gun"). Listed below is the name of each entity in English, hangul, and hanja.


Cheka

The Cheka was the first Soviet state security organization. It was created on 20 December 1917, after a decree issued by Vladimir Lenin. Its first leader was Polish aristocrat-turned-communist Felix Dzerzhinsky.

By late 1918, hundreds of Cheka committees had been created in the cities. Many thousands of dissidents, deserters, or other people were arrested, tortured or executed by Cheka groups. After 1922, Cheka groups underwent many reorganizations, as did the NKVD. 

From its start, the Cheka was an important military and security arm of the Bolshevik communist government. In 1921 the troops of the Cheka numbered 200,000. These troops policed and ran the Gulag system; "requisitioned" food; tortured and executed political opponents; put down rebellions and riots by workers or peasants, and mutinies in the desertion-plagued Red Army.

Cheka was succeeded by OGPU in 1922, but its members were still called Chekists.

The full name of the Cheka in 1918 was (in Russian) the "All-Russian Extraordinary Commission for Combating Counter-Revolution, Profiteering and Corruption".

A member of Cheka was called a "chekist" throughout the Soviet period, despite various official name changes. The term is still found in use in Russia. For example, President Vladimir Putin has been referred to in the Russian media as a "chekist" due to his career in the KGB.

Jorge Pedreros

Pedreros Jorge Arnaldo Aviles (August 8, 1942 – September 14, 2013) was a Chilean musician, record producer, actor, comedian. He is one of the creators of the iconic comedy show "Jappening with Ja".

Pedreros was born on August 8, 1942 in Santiago, Chile. He was married to Gladys del Río from 1967 until his death in 2013. Pedreros died on September 14, 2013 from complications of pneumonia, aged 71.

Das Boot

Das Boot (The Boat) is a 1981 German epic war movie directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It stars Jürgen Prochnow, Herbert Grönemeyer, Klaus Wennemann, Jan Fedder and Otto Sander with Günter Lamprecht. It is set in the early 1940s. It is based on the 1973 novel "Das Boot".

The plotline is the story of a German submarine in WWII in the Battle of the Atlantic. At first the going is easy, and the boat very successful. Gradually it gets more and more difficult are various anti-submarine measures are put in place by the Allies Britain and America. This takes a toll on the morale of the crew and captain.

The movie received many positive reviews from critics including Roger Ebert who gave the movie 4/4 stars. It was based on a book of the same title.

One curious feature of the film was that Columbia Pictures released both a German version and an English-dubbed version in the United States. The film's German version gross taking was much higher than the English-dubbed version at the United States box-office.

Kigurumi

In Japanese, a kigurumi () is a costumed performer who represents a cartoon character. It is very important in the Harajuku fashion. The name literally translates to "wearing a soft toy". Kigurumi come in cute characters such as Totoro, Hello Kitty and Pikachu. They are considered cute. The costumed characters at Disneyland are considered kigurami.

Hiiu County

Hiiu County () is one of the 15 counties of Estonia. It is the smallest county both in terms of area and population. It is made up of Hiiumaa, the second-largest island of Estonia, and several smaller islands near it.

The county has 1 rural municipality - Hiiumaa Parish. The only urban settlement, Kärdla, is part of the parish since 2017.


Harju County

Harju County () is one of the 15 counties of Estonia. It is in northern Estonia. Around 528,468 people live in Harju County. This is about 39.4% of the total population in Estonia (as of January 2011). 

There are a number of protected areas in Harju County. Lahemaa National Park was the first national park in the Soviet Union. There are 21 nature reserves and 25 landscape protection areas, that are at least partly in Harju County. The largest is the Põhja-Kõrvemaa Nature Reserve.

Harju County is divided into 16 municipalities. Four are urban and 12 are rural.


Rapla County

Rapla County (), or Raplamaa, is one of the 15 counties of Estonia. It is located west of the country. 36,678 people live in Rapla County. This is 2.7% of the total population in Estonia (as of January 2009).

The first written records of Rapla date back to the 1241 Danish census ("Liber Census Daniae").

The county government (') is led by a governor ('). The governor is appointed by the Government of Estonia for a term of five years. 

The county is divided into municipalities. There are 4 rural municipalities in Rapla County:
Natural resources in Rapla county include limestone, dolomite, peat, and clay.


Jean Dunn

Jean Dunn is an Australian diplomat and a senior career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.

On 8 December 2011, Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd said that Dunn would be the next Ambassador to Poland. Dunn gave her credentials to Polish President Bronisław Komorowski on 17 January 2012.

Before this, Dunn was Australian Ambassador to Lebanon from 2009 to 2010 and to Turkey from 2004 to 2007. She had earlier jobs with the department in South Korea and the United States.

Dunn holds a Bachelor of Arts degree with Honours in Japanese language and politics from Monash University. She has three children.

Agnes Monica

Agnes Monica Muljoto (born 1 July 1986) is an Indonesian pop singer, songwriter, celebrity, and dancer. She began her career in singing at the age of six. She also became a presenter on a children's television show. When she was a teenager, Agnes Monica started working as an actor. Her appearance on the soap opera "Pernikahan Dini" (2001) made her famous. Agnes Monica then starred in a series of soap operas that made her the highest-paid teenage artist in Indonesia at that time.





Patricia Holmes

Patricia Ann Holmes is an Australian diplomat and is a senior career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.

On 13 September 2011, Acting Foreign Minister Craig Emerson said that he had appointed Holmes as Australia's new Ambassador to Argentina; with concurrent non-resident accreditation to Paraguay and Uruguay. She gave her credentials to President of Argentina Cristina Fernández de Kirchner on 10 April 2012. 

Before this, Holmes was Assistant Secretary of the department's Legal Counsel Branch. She had held this job since April 2010. Holmes has served previously in Geneva WTO (Counsellor 2006-2009), Papua New Guinea (First Secretary 1998-2000) and Vanuatu (Third, later Second, Secretary 1994-1996).

Holmes holds a Bachelor of Science with a Bachelor of Law degree from Macquarie University; a Graduate Diploma in Legal Studies from the University of Technology, Sydney; a Masters of Arts in Foreign Affairs and Trade and a Masters of Laws in Environmental Law from the Australian National University. Holmes was admitted to the Bar of New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory in 1992. She can speak Spanish. She has a partner and three children.

Libation

A libation is a ritual sacrifice of a liquid. Usually, this was done by pouring the liquid over a sacred object.

Quantum foam

Quantum foam (or space time foam) is a concept in quantum mechanics. It was created by John Wheeler in 1955. The "foam" is supposed to be thought of as the foundation of the things that make up the universe. The theory predicts that very small particles of matter and antimatter are constantly created and destroyed. These subatomic objects are called virtual particles.

Virtual learning environment

A virtual learning environment (VLE) is a kind of e-learning system placed on a website. It gives learners online access to tools and information to help them with learning something.

Common tools offered on a VLE are: online quizzes, email, discussion forums and student blogs. Common information shared with learners via a VLE is: worksheets, lesson plans, homework, grades, assignments and deadlines.

Combining the use of a VLE and normal classes is often called blended learning.

Some well-known VLEs are Moodle, WebCT and BlackBoard, but many others exist.

Semper Fidelis

"Semper Fidelis" is the official march of the United States Marine Corps. It was written by John Philip Sousa in 1888. The words "Semper Fidelis" mean "Always Faithful" in Latin.

Sousa became conductor of the United States Marine Corps band in 1880. He had some success with his earliest works like "The Gladiator" (1886), but his first big hit with the public was "Semper Fidelis". 

This march is sometimes thought to be the prototype for American marches. Until "Semper Fidelis", American marches had taken European marches as their models. It was "the first musical composition to receive the official recognition of the United States government." "Semper Fidelis" is the only march authorized for a service by Congress. The USMC uses it for the Pass in Review during Change of Command Ceremonies, as well as Public Parades. It was played along the parade route for Bill Clinton's second inauguration. The march has an AaBbCcDd form. Its meter is 6/8. Other marches by Sousa are "The Stars and Stripes Forever" and "The Washington Post". 


Barclays Center

Barclays Center is an indoor arena in Brooklyn, New York. It is about east of downtown New York City. The arena is the home court for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the arena for the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League (NHL). The arena was opened on September 21, 2012. The arena cost more than US$1 billion to build.

The first basketball game that was played there was an NBA preseason game between the Nets and the Washington Wizards on October 15, 2012.

On October 24, 2012, the New York Islanders announced that they signed a 25-year deal with the arena and would be moving to the Barclays Center in 2015 after their lease of the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum ends. They played their first preseason game against the New Jersey Devils in a 3–0 loss. The first regular season NHL game was played on October 9, 2015 against the 2015 Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks. The Islanders lost 3–2 in overtime.

The arena was host to the WWE's pay-per-view event in 2012. In 2015, it hosted and SummerSlam. On September 28, 2015, WWE announced that their SummerSlam event would return to the Barclays Center in 2016 and 2017.


Meerut

Meerut (, ) is a city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is an ancient city. Settlements dating back to the Indus Valley civilization have been found in the area. The city is located northeast of the national capital, New Delhi. It is the 25th largest city in India.

John Philip Sousa

John Philip Sousa (November 6, 1854 – March 6, 1932) was an American musician and composer. He was born in Washington, DC. His father was of Portuguese ancestry and his mother of Bavarian. In 1880, he was appointed conductor of the United States Marine Corps band. He wrote military marches and other patriotic music. His best known works are "Semper Fidelis" (the Official United States Marine Corps march), "The Stars and Stripes Forever" (the National March of the United States of America), and "The Washington Post". Sousa died of heart failure in Reading, Pennsylvania. He is buried in the Congressional Cemetery in Washington, DC.

The Stars and Stripes Forever

"The Stars and Stripes Forever" is a march by John Philip Sousa. It was written in 1896. It is the National March of the United States.

The Washington Post (march)

"The Washington Post" is a march by John Philip Sousa. It was written in 1889. He wrote it for the American newspaper, "The Washington Post". The company was giving awards for an essay contest and wanted music for the ceremonies.

Lesse

The Lesse () is a river in the Ardennes, in the Walloon region of Belgium. It is a right tributary to the river Meuse.

The Lesse is long. It flows roughly in a northwestern direction. Its source is near Libramont-Chevigny, in the Belgian province of Luxembourg. The mean discharge for Anseremme between 1995 and 2004 was 19.0 m.

The watershed of the Lesse Basin, with an area of , has about . With only 62,500 people living there, it is the least densely populated of all small watersheds of Walloon region.

Part of the watershed of the Lesse is on limestone where there are some karstic phenomena. Near Han-sur-Lesse (commune of Rochefort), by the "Gouffre de Belvaux", the entire river goes underground, flowing through limestone caves.

The Lesse flows into the river Meuse in the town of Anseremme, commune of Dinant, Namur province.

From its source to its mouth, the main tributaries of the Lesse are:

The valley of the Lesse and this part of the Ardennes are covered with forests. The area surrounding the caves is the National Park Lesse et Lomme. On the mountains along the lower part of the river there are several castles. The route of the former railway line from Houyet to Rochefort is used as a hiking and cycling trail.

Many of the caves along the banks of the Lesse are important archaeological sites - these include the Trou de Chaleux (by the Cirque de Chaleux), and the Trou des Nutons and Trou du Frontal at Furfooz.

It is possible to go down the Lesse in kayak or canoe from Houyet to Anseremme.


Melanie Klein

Melanie Klein (1882–1960) was a British psychoanalyst. She was notable for her contributions to object relations theory. Klein's theories and those of the other British object relations theorists had a major impact on John Bowlby's attachment theory. She also considered one of founder of child psychology with Anna Freud.

Hawaiian religion

The Hawaiian religion is a religion. It includes the folk religious beliefs and practises of the Hawaiian people. It started amongst the Tahitians and other Pacific islanders who landed in Hawaii between 500 and 1300 AD. Today, Hawaiian religious practices are protected by law.

Hawaiian religion is animistic. It is based on a belief that spirits are found in non-human beings and objects such as animals, the waves, and the sky.

Hawaiian mythology includes the creation stories and legends about the gods. There are several gods in Hawaiian religion and mythology. The four most important deities are Kāne, Kū, Lono and Kanaloa. The figures in Hawaiian religion consists of several groups. One way of dividing these groups is:

Another way of dividing them is into three major groups:

Chaplin (movie)

Chaplin is a 1992 American biographical comedy-drama movie. It is about the life of British comedian Charlie Chaplin. It was directed by Richard Attenborough. It stars Robert Downey, Jr., Moira Kelly, Dan Aykroyd, Geraldine Chaplin, Penelope Ann Miller, Anthony Hopkins, James Woods, and Kevin Kline. It's soundtrack was composed by John Barry. It was released on December 25, 1992 to mixed reviews.

Taps

"Taps" is a song. It is used as the final bugle call of the day ("lights out") and at solemn ceremonies such as military funerals. It was written in 1862 by General Daniel Butterfield, commander of a Union brigade camped in Virginia. "Extinguish Lights" was the original title. The words of the song (Day is done; Gone the sun) were written at later date. When or why "Taps" replaced the original title is unknown. The meaning of "Taps" is also unknown, but may refer to the sound of a muffled drum beat. Taps was adopted as part of military funerals in 1891.

Orinoco

The Orinoco is a main river in northern South America. It is one of the longest rivers in South America, at . Its drainage basin, sometimes called the Orinoquia, covers , with 76.3% of it in Venezuela and the rest in Colombia. The Orinoco and its tributaries are the main transport system for eastern and interior Venezuela and the llanos of Colombia. 

The Orinoco Basin is also ecologically important. It is the only habitat of the Orinoco crocodile. This is one of the rarest reptiles in the world, with fewer than 250 living in the wild. It is also home to Amazon river dolphins.

The mouth of the Orinoco was recorded by Christopher Columbus on 1 August 1498. Its source, however, was first explored by non-native people in 1951, 453 years later. It was explored by a French and Venezuelan team. 

The delta, and tributaries in the eastern llanos such as the Apure and Meta, were explored in the 16th century. They were explored by German expeditions under Ambrosius Ehinger and his successors. Alexander von Humboldt explored the basin in 1800. He reported on the river dolphins, and wrote extensively about the plants and animals he found.

The course of the Orinoco forms a wide arc that surrounds the Guiana Shield. The source of the river is at Cerro Delgado-Chalbaud, in the Parima Mountains. This is on the border between Venezuela and Brazil, at high (). The river can be divided into four stretches:


At its mouth, the Orinoco forms a wide delta that branches off into hundreds of rivers and waterways. They flow through of swampy forests. At its widest, this delta is about large and at its widest. In the rainy season, the Orinoco can swell to a breadth of and a depth of .

Off the coast of the delta is Trinidad and Tobago, which is separated from the mainland by the Columbus Channel.

Most of the important rivers in Venezuela are tributaries of the Orinoco. The largest are the Caroní, which joins it at Puerto Ordaz. The river is actually connected to the Amazon River through the Casiquiare canal. This is a distributary of the Orinoco, flowing into the Rio Negro and then the Amazon. This connection forms a natural canal between Orinoco and Amazon.


Boats can travel on the river for most of its length. Ocean ships can travel as far as Ciudad Bolívar, upstream. River steamers carry cargo as far as Puerto Ayacucho.

There is a rich iron ore deposit in the Orinoco delta. It was found in 1926, south of the town of San Felix on a mountain named "El Florero". Mining there began after World War II. At the start in the early 1950s, about 10,000 tons of soil with ore in it was being mined each day.

There are also tar sands in the Orinoco Belt, which may be a source of future oil production.



Stock footage

Stock footage (also called archive footage, library pictures, and file footage) is movie or video footage that can be used in other movies. This type of footage is not made by the person who makes the movie. Instead, the footage has already been shot by another person and is being used by the person who is making the movie. People who make movies use stock footage because it's less expensive to use stock footage than it is to shoot new footage. A piece of stock footage is called a "stock shot" or a "library shot". Examples of stock footage that might be used include video of cities and landmarks, animals in their habitats, and historical footage. Many websites such as YouTube allow people to view or download stock footage.

Children's Corner

Children's Corner is a set of six piano pieces by Claude Debussy. It was published in 1908. The six pieces are: "Doctor Gradus ad Parnassum"; "Jimbo's Lullaby"; "Serenade of the Doll"; "The Snow is Falling"; "The Little Shepherd"; and "Golliwog's Cakewalk". The group is meant to suggest childhood. Some of the pieces were inspired by his daughter's toys. 

The Afternoon of a Faun

Prelude to the Afternoon of a Faun () is a work for orchestra by Claude Debussy. It was inspired by a poem by Stéphane Mallarme. It was first performed on 22 December 1894 in Paris. The music was used for a ballet in 1912 designed by Vaslav Nijinsky.

Sylvia (ballet)

Sylvia is a ballet. It was first performed in Paris in 1876. The dances were designed by Louis Mérante. The music was written by Léo Delibes. The ballet has a mythological setting. One of the best known musical numbers from the ballet is the "Pizzicato".

La Source

La Source () is a three-act ballet. The dances were designed by Arthur Saint-Léon. The story of the ballet was written by Saint-Léon and Charles Nuitter. The music was written by Ludwig Minkus and Léo Delibes. The ballet was first performed in Paris in 1866. A well known piece from the ballet score is the "Naïla Waltz".

Eureka, California

Eureka is a small city in California in the United States, and the county seat of Humboldt County. In 2020, 26,512 people lived there. It is north of San Francisco.

Eureka has a very mild temperate climate with only very small temperature fluctuations between summer and winter. This is due to the cool California Current, whose water temperature is between and all year round. Under the Köppen climate classification, Eureka has a cool-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csb"), due to the low rainfall during summer. 

The average summer temperatures in Eureka are much cooler than in New York City and Istanbul, which are on the same latitude. Summer temperatures are unusually cool for the 40th latitude, and are similar to those of southern Alaska, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Tierra del Fuego in the extreme south of Chile and Argentina, which are far north and south of the 50th latitude. The average winter temperatures are also much milder than in New York and Istanbul, and in contrast to these two cities, frost and snow do not occur every year. Snow is particularly rare and falls at most once or twice a decade.

A German Requiem

A German Requiem is a musical work for soprano and baritone soloists, choir and orchestra. It was written by Johannes Brahms. It was first performed in Leipzig, Germany in February 1869.

The Pearl Fishers

The Pearl Fishers is an opera by Georges Bizet. The libretto was written by Eugène Cormon and Michel Carré. It was first performed in Paris on 30 September 1863. The opera is set in ancient Ceylon, which is now called Sri Lanka. It tells the story of two men who are best friends, but love the same woman, who is a priestess. It was generally disliked at the time, especially by the newspapers. After his death, it has been more popular and is now regularly played across the world.

Jeux d'enfants

Jeux d'enfants () is a set of 12 piano duets by Georges Bizet. The set was published in 1871. The pieces describe children's toys and games. The set was later orchestrated. George Balanchine made two ballets based on the music. He used the whole set for a ballet in 1955. He used a few pieces for "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" in 1975.

Les Troyens

Les Troyens is an opera by Hector Berlioz. Berlioz wrote the words and music between 1856 and 1858. The opera is based on Virgil's "Aeneid". It took many years for the opera to be performed. It was very long. Berlioz cut the opera to the last three acts. They were performed in Paris in November 1863.

Bluebeard's Castle

Bluebeard's Castle is a one-act opera by Béla Bartók. The words are written in Hungarian. The opera is based on the 1697 French fairy tale "Bluebeard" by Charles Perrault. There are only two characters in the opera: Bluebeard and his wife Judith. The opera was written in 1911. It was first performed in Budapest in 1918. 

Twerking

Twerking is a dance style. The dancer (usually a female) shakes and bounces (jiggles) her buttocks in a sexually provocative manner while in a low squatting posture. "Oxford Dictionaries" defines 'twerking' as a verb: "dance to popular music in a sexually provocative manner involving thrusting hip movements and a low, squatting stance". Twerking drew a lot of attention in the United States when Miley Cyrus did a twerking dance on nationwide television during the MTV Video Music Awards program in August 2013.

Mamungkukumpurangkuntjunya Hill

Mamungkukumpurangkuntjunya Hill is a hill in South Australia. It is in the Everard Ranges, about 22 km south-west of Mimili. The name consists of several Pitjantjatjara words made into one. It roughly means "where a devil urinates" (a "" is a bad spirit). It is the longest place name in Australia.


Church of Anthrax

Church of Anthrax is studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale and minimalist composer Terry Riley. It was released in February 1971 on Columbia Records label.



Bayraklı

Bayraklı is a district of Izmir Province of Turkey. It is one of the metropolitan districts of Izmir. Bayraklı was turned into a district by a decree of the Government of Turkey on 6 March 2008. Before the date it was part of Karşıyaka.

Chub (gay)

Chub is gay slang for a hugely overweight gay man. Chubs have their own social clubs. They have their own beauty pageants and other fun things to do. Smaller men who are attracted to chubs are called "chasers", "chub chasers" or "chubby chasers", "hairy fairy" is also a known term.

Agror

Agror is a valley in northern Pakistan. It is in Oghi Tehsil, Mansehra District, Hazara, in the province of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. It consists of three mountain glens, long and wide. The lower parts of the Agror valley contains many farms, villages and hamlets.

The main tribes and ethnic groups are the Hindko and Pashto-speaking tribes. These include the Swatis, the Gurjars, Awans and Tanolis.

During the 17th century, the valley was ruled by a famous tribal leader of the Swatis. His title was the Khan of Agror. His real name was Akund Saad-ud-din. He was a "mullah" or petty Muslim religious scholar, who obtained power over the local people of the Agror valley. In time, he established himself as the local 'Khan' or chieftain and controlled the whole valley. His capital was at Oghi town.

In 1888, during the period of the British Empire, the Khan's descendant, Ali Gohar, was removed from power. The title and estate were formally abolished. However, the Akund's descendants still use this courtesy title.

Henry Lau

Henry Lau (born October 11, 1989) also simply known as Henry, is a Canadian singer-songwriter. He works in Korean pop music. He can speak English, Mandarin and Korean very well, along with Cantonese, and a little bit of Japanese and Thai. He learned French in school. Henry released his first single in June 2013, which was called "Trap".

Lau's father was born in Hong Kong, and his mother was born in Taiwan. He lived in Willowdale, Toronto as a child.

Lau appeared as a violinist in South Korean group Super Junior's music video, for their lead single, "Don't Don", which was also the title of their album, released in September 2007.

In October 2007, S.M. Entertainment announced that Han Geng, a member of Super-Junior and Lau were chosen to form a sub-group of Super Junior, called Super Junior-M.

Lau featured in Girls' Generation performance of "Romantic Fantasy" on MBC's Music Core. He performed "I Am" by Yoon Mi-rae with Yuri and Hyoyeon on January 1, 2013.

Super Junior-M's comeback in June 2013, with their second album, "Break Down", was released on January 7, 2013, along with the single, which has the same name. The Korean version was released on January 31, 2013.

On February 6, 2013 Lau was announced to be a contestant in the celebrity version of "MasterChef Korea", airing on Olive TV.

On June 7, Lau released his debut single "Trap", along with the music video of it.



Flight of the Bumblebee

"Flight of the Bumblebee" is a musical composition by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov for solo violin and orchestra. It was written as an interlude for his opera, "The Tale of Tsar Saltan" (1899-1900). The music depicts the buzzing of a Bumblebee in its flight. It is a popular piece, especially with children, and is often played outside the opera as a concert piece.

Scheherazade (Rimsky-Korsakov)

Scheherazade is a piece of music by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. It was written for orchestra in 1888. The music was inspired by the Arabian Nights stories. There are four movements: "Sinbad the Sailor"; "The Kalendar Prince"; "The Young Prince and the Young Princess"; and "Festival at Baghdad". Fokine designed a ballet in 1910 for the Ballets Russes using the music. 

Salome (opera)

Salome is a short opera by Richard Strauss. It is based on the Biblical story of Salome, Herod and John the Baptist. 

The original play "Salomé" was written by Oscar Wilde in November and December 1891 in French. Hedwig Lachmann translated the play into German. Richard Strauss saw the play and decided in 1902 to make an opera out of it. The opera was first performed in Dresden in December 1905. "The Dance of the Seven Veils" is a famous excerpt from the opera. It is sometimes performed in concerts.

The opera was very successful; Strauss made so much money with "Salome" that he could afford to buy a beautiful house in the town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen. The opera also caused a long-lasting scandal after it was first produced in Dresden. At the Vienna Court Opera the work could not be performed for nearly twenty years because of censorship, at the Royal Opera House Covent Garden the opera had to be modified, in New York there was only one performance - then the wealthy donors of the Metropolitan Opera decided that this opera was not suitable for the American public. 


Herodes is the King of Judea and he has thrown a wild party at his palace. The action takes place at the palace on a terrace outside the banqueting hall. Herodes, his wife Herodias, and her daughter Salome are all inside the banqueting hall when the opera starts. Narraboth, the captain of Herodes’s guards, is madly in love with Salome. But his friend, Herodias’s servant, is concerned. The moon looks strange, which he believes is a sign that something terrible will happen, especially if Narraboth keeps staring at Salome. Some Jews cause an uproar in the hall and the guards scoff at their religion but suddenly, there is a voice from a deep pit with a cover on it. Some of the guests outside ask the guards who it is and they answer: This is Jokanaan, a prophet from the desert. Nobody knows exactly what he’s saying, but Herodes has forbidden anyone from seeing him. 

Salome gets offended by some of the party guests and rushes out of the hall. She calls them names in return but she stops as the prophet starts saying more strange things. Salome asks who he is, if he says bad things about her mother, and if he is an old man. They respond that they do not know what he is saying but he is quite young. Salome says that she would like to meet him, but they tell her that she cannot. However, she sees Narraboth looking at her and tells him she may smile at him and give him a flower tomorrow if he lets her see Jokanaan. So he commands the guards to bring the prophet out of the pit as Salome looks on with desire. Jokanaan sees her staring at him, so he asks who she is. When she responds, he is shocked and demands that she get away but she is still infatuated. In turn she praises his pale skin, his black hair, and his red lips. Each time he tells her to get away from him. She turns around and insults those same features but on the third time, she insists that she wants kiss his lips. Narraboth begs her to stop, but she does not hear him and he kills himself. Jokanaan curses her and returns to the pit. 

Herodes comes outside asking where the Princess is when all of a sudden he notices the Moon. Herodias follows him out and dismisses him, urging him to come back inside. However, Herod wants to stay outside with Salome. He notices Narraboth’s body and comments that he did not order the man to kill himself, but he always saw him looking at Salome with desire. He orders his body to be taken away as he feels a very cold wind and hears a sound like the huge wings flapping. Herodias thinks he is sick but Herodes responds that Salome is the one who looks like she has never been sicker. He offers her food, wine, and a seat in her mothers throne, but she responds that she is not hungry, thirsty, or tired. Jokanaan speaks again and Herodias orders the prophet to be silenced. Herodes, however, is worried that something bad will happen to him if something bad happens to Jokanaan, since he is a prophet. Herodias dismisses him again and asks why he does not give Jokanaan to the Jews. They agree with her, but start bickering because they do not believe that he is a prophet. Jokanaan speaks of the “savior of Man.” One of the people suggests that it could be the Messiah, since there is a person around Judea doing miracles, but this just makes them all argue more. 

The scene becomes even more chaotic until Herodes asks Salome to dance for him, promising her anything, even half his kingdom, if she does. She agrees and dances the “Dance of the Seven Veils.” She comes onto the stage wearing nothing but the veils and seductively takes them all off. Herod is very pleased until she asks for her reward: the head of Jokanaan on a silver platter. He is horrified and offers her his best items but she persists. Finally, he gives in. An executioner is sent into the pit, but Salome hears him drop his blade and Jokanaan does not cry out. She is furious, and tells Herodias’s servant that there will be many more dead bodies if she does not get what she wants. Finally, the executioner returns, bearing the bloody head. Salome seizes it and begins to embrace it passionately as the moonlight disappears and reappears. Herodes, fleeing in shock, orders his soldiers to kill her.

Viqueque Municipality

Viqueque (Tetum: Vikeke) is the largest of the municipalities of East Timor. The name comes from the ancient name ""We Keke""; "We" means "water" and "Keke" "bracelet".

Viqueque is on the south coast of Timor, on the Timor Sea. It has an area of .
It borders the municipalities Baucau to the north, Lautém to the east, and Manatuto to the west. 

The capital of the municipality has the same name: Viqueque.

There are five administrative posts: Lacluta, Ossu, Uato-Lari (which was known in Portuguese Timor as Leça, and, in Tetum, is spelled "Watulari"), Uato Carabau (spelled "Watucarbau" in Tetum), and Viqueque.

Among the rivers that flow through Viqueque and into the Timor Sea are: Nunuc, Tuco, Cuha, Bularan, Benaro, Beaco and Weburak in the administrative post Viqueque; Lugassa on the border with Uato -Lari; Saqueto, Bebui, Borouai and Oiqui in the Uato-Lari administrative post; and Molaiuai and Uaidori in the Uatucarbau administrative post.

The Ossu administrative post is surrounded by several mountains: Monte Mundo Perdido in the west, the Builo in the south, the Matebian massif to the east and Fatu Laritame in the north. In Monte Mundo Perdido, are protected for hunting and for the protection of birds as Important Bird Area. Here, there are many endemic species, including many rare orchids.

The municipality of Viqueque had a population of 73,581 in 2011. Its density is inhabitants per km².

Viqueque is a homeland of the Malayo-Polynesian language Tetum. In East Timor it is co-official with Portuguese. In the east part of the municipality live speakers of the Papuan language Makasae.


Theo Peckham

Theo "Teddy" Peckham (born November 10, 1987 in Richmond Hill, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Saugeen Shores Winterhawks.

He started his hockey career with the North York Rangers of the Ontario Junior Hockey League and played a season with them. He then moved on to play for the Owen Sound Attack of the Ontario Hockey League for three seasons. He was drafted by the Edmonton Oilers with the 75th overall pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. He debuted for the Oilers during a March 7, 2008 game against the Columbus Blue Jackets and scored his first goal during a November 11, 2010 game against the Detroit Red Wings.

On July 19, 2013, he was signed as a free agent to a one-year contract by the Chicago Blackhawks.

William Tell Overture

The "William Tell Overture" is a piece of music by Gioachino Rossini. He wrote it for his opera, "William Tell". The opera was first performed in 1829. 

The overture has four sections: 

Cinderella (opera)

Cinderella () is an opera by Gioachino Rossini. It was first performed in Rome in January 1817. It is based on the 1697 fairy tale, "Cinderella" by Charles Perrault. The opera's title character is a coloratura mezzo-soprano. The overture has long been a favorite in the concert hall. 

Valse triste

Valse triste () is a piece of music for orchestra by Jean Sibelius. It was written in 1903 for a play. It was performed in concert halls and has become famous.

Violin Concerto (Sibelius)

The Violin Concerto in D minor, Op. 47 is a piece of music for solo violin and orchestra. It was written by Jean Sibelius in 1904. It has three movements: Allegro moderato in D minor (2/2 time); Adagio di molto in B-flat major (4/4 time); and Allegro, ma non tanto in D major (3/4 time). It is the only concerto Sibelius wrote. It is considered one of the great violin concertos. 

Mike Kostka

Mike Kostka (born November 28, 1985 in Ajax, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the New York Rangers of the NHL. He has also played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Blackhawks, and Tampa Bay Lightning.

He started his hockey career with the Ajax-Pickering Raiders of the Eastern AAA Hockey League. He played 2 seasons with them and then moved on to play in the Ontario Provincial Junior Hockey League for the Ajax Axemen for 2 seasons and the Aurora Tigers for 1 season. He went on to play in college for the University of Massachusetts Amherst where he played 4 years for the Minutemen.

He went undrafted but was signed to a professional contract by the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League on March 25, 2008. He spent 1 season with the Sabres' AHL, the Rochester Americans and then two seasons with the new affiliate, the Portland Pirates. He returned to the Rochester Americans for the 2010–11 AHL season. He then signed a contract with Rochester's then-affiliate, Florida Panthers. The Panthers traded Kostka along with Evan Oberg, to the Tampa Bay Lightning for James Wright and Mike Vernace. He played for the Norfolk Admirals and helped them win the Calder Cup during the 2011–12 AHL playoffs. He was then signed as a free agent by the Toronto Maple Leafs to a one-year contract. He got his first NHL point during his debut NHL game against the Montreal Canadiens on January 19, 2013.

On July 19, 2013, He signed as a free agent with the defending champions, the Chicago Blackhawks to a one-year, two way contract.

On February 23, 2014, Kostka was claimed off waivers by the Tampa Bay Lightning.

On June 28, 2014, Kostka was signed as a free agent by the New York Rangers to a one-year contract.


Fifty Shades of Grey (movie)

Fifty Shades of Grey is a 2015 American erotic romance-drama movie set in Washington (U.S. state).
The story is about BDSM, sexual relations, seduction and romance. An MPAA rating has not been decided, but the screenwriter, Kelly Marcel, has hinted at the possibility of this movie being marked NC-17. It is based on the best-selling novel of the same name by E.L. James. The director is Sam Taylor-Wood. Dakota Johnson plays Anastasia Steele and Jamie Dornan plays Christian Grey.
The casting of the film upset many fans of the novel. An internet petition was made to get Alexis Bledel to replace Johnson and Matt Bomer replace Charlie Hunnam. It did not work. 
At first it was scheduled for an August 2014 release in the United States. In November 2013 the release date was changed to February 13, 2015. 

Filming began on December 1, 2013.

Juan dela Cruz

Juan dela Cruz is the national personification of the Philippines. He is often used to represent the common "Filipino". He is usually shown wearing the native "salakot" hat, "Barong Tagalog", long pants, and "tsinelas" ().

Activists often portray Juan dela Cruz as a victim of American imperialism. During the American period he is often shown with Uncle Sam in many editorial cartoons. of the often depicted him alongside Uncle Sam. In modern times, he is used to show the opinion and feelings of Filipino about their government and society.

The term, sometimes shortened to "Juan", also refers to the whole Filipino people.

Juan dela Cruz is the Spanish for "John of the Cross". The name is often used to refer to a anonymous Filipino, like how John Doe is used to refer Americans. For women the term María dela Cruz is used instead.

Juan dela Cruz (TV series)

Juan dela Cruz is a Philippine television drama series. It is directed by Malu Sevilla. It stars Coco Martin as Juan dela Cruz, a half-"tagabantay" and half-"aswang" who falls in love with Rosario (Erich Gonzales). It is filmed and shown in high definition. The show was first shown on ABS-CBN and worldwide on TFC on 4 February 2013. It replaced the television show "Princess and I".

The story is about Juan dela Cruz. Juan was an orphan. He was taken care by a Catholic priest named Father Cito. Father Cito taught Juan good values and faith on Jesus. Juan was so devoted to Jesus Christ that he called him "bossing" (Filipino word, for "boss"). On one day, Father Cito was killed by a thief. Juan went to Quaipo, Manila with Lola Belen after Father Cito's death. Juan does not know that he is a half-aswang, the son of the "Haring Aswang" (King of the Aswangs) and the "Anak ng Dilim" (Child of Darkness). According to a prophecy, the Anak ng Dilim is fated to lead the aswangs and take over the human race. However, Juan's mother, Amelia, is a human and a "Tagabantay" (Guardian). The Tagabantay's duty is to protect the humans from the aswangs. The Tagabantay also wields a weapon called the Bakal na Krus.

By the time he grows up as an adult, Juan later joins the "Kapatiran" (Brotherhood). The Kapatiran is a group that seek to destroy the aswangs. The group then trains Juan into becoming the next "Tagabantay". Later in the story, the "engkantos" and "diwatas" comes to help Juan in his adventures. They have a bigger and important role in the continuing between the aswangs and the humans.



Due to the success of "Juan dela Cruz", the show was given a new series called "My Little Juan". The new series which tells more about Juan's childhood before he was known as the new ""Tagabantay"". The series was first shown on 20 May 2013 and ended on 13 September 2013.


Flag of the Philippines

The Flag of the Philippines has two horizontal bands colored royal blue and red. The blue color symbolizes peace while red is for bravery. It also has a triangle on its left side, which is white in color that symbolizes cleanliness, with an 8-rayed sun and 3 stars, which are all yellow in color. The three stars symbolizes the archipelago's three principal islands, Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao. The eight rays of the sun of the flag symbolizes the provinces of Batangas, Bulacan, Cavite, Laguna, Manila, Nueva Ecija, Pampanga and Tarlac. They were the first 8 provinces to be placed under Martial Law by Spain when the Philippine Revolution began since they were the first 8 who have fought against the Spanish colonial rule. The flag of the Philippines when hoisted upside-down shows that the country is at war. The flag was designed by Emilio Aguinaldo.

Bangsamoro Republik

The Bangsamoro Republik, officially the United Federated States of Bangsamoro Republik () was a former unrecognized breakaway territory in the Philippines. All countries consider the Bangsamoro Republik to be part of the Philippines. Nur Misuari, the chaiman of the Moro National Liberation Front declared the independence of the Bangsamoro Republik in Talipao, Sulu. Davao City is declared to be the capital of the state.

It was said to be a federal republic. The government was in exile. According to Misuari, the republic's territory covers the islands of Basilan, Mindanao, Palawan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi. These are places where the Bangsamoro traditionally lived. But according to Emmanuel Fontanilla, Bangsamoro Republik also includes the Malaysian states of Sabah and Sarawak. Fontanilla is Misuari's legal counsel.

Moro National Liberation Front

The Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) is a rebel group in the Philippines. It was started by Nur Misuari in 1969. The MNLF fights against the Philippine government for the independence of the Bangsamoro Land. Over the years there have been several attempts to achieve peace between the MNLF and the government. In 1976 a treaty was arranged by the Organization of Islamic Cooperation but this failed. In 1986 President Corazon Aquino met with Misuari, and in 1989 the area was given a level of autonomy. President Fidel Ramos arranged a peace deal in 1996 which allowed Misuari to be elected as regional governor. Misuari led an uprising against the federal government in 2001, but this failed and he was sent to prison. The MNLF says that the territory of Bangsamoro Land covers Sulu, Mindanao, Palawan and Sabah (in Malaysia). The MNLF is an observer member of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.


Marlon Stöckinger

Marlon Alexander Stöckinger (born 4 April 1991 in Manila) is a Filipino-Swiss racing driver. He raced for Status Grand Prix in the 2012 GP3 Series. He is currently driving for Lotus F1 Team Juniors in the 2013 World Series by Renault. He is the first Filipino to win a formula race in Europe.

Stöckinger is the 2006 Asian Karting Champion, 2007 Philippine Rotax Max Champion and the 2008 Formula BMW Pacific Scholarship Winner.

Stöckinger was born in Manila, Philippines. He is the son of a Swiss businessman and racing enthusiast, Tom Stöckinger, and a Filipina woman, Egin San Pedro. He grew up in the Philippines. When he became 17 he went to Europe to be a racing driver.


ClariS

ClariS is a Japanese pop music duo and idol unit. The members are high-school girls Clara and Alice from Hokkaido. ClariS was originally known as "Alice Clara". ClariS began singing covers of songs mostly featured in anime and songs originally sung by Vocaloids. They posted their cover song in Nico Nico Douga video sharing website between October 2009 and June 2010. In September 2010, ClariS was signed to SME Records. They released their first single "Irony" in October 2010. That song was used as the opening theme to the 2010 anime "Oreimo". ClariS released six more singles between 2011 and 2013. Their debut album "Birthday" was released in April 2012.


Philippine eagle

The Philippine eagle ("Pithecophaga jefferyi") is a bird of prey that can be found only in the Philippines. It is also called the monkey-eating eagle, as well as "agila" ("eagle"), "haribon", "haring ibon" ("king bird") and "banog" ("kite") by the locals. This eagle is known to be the largest eagle in wing surface and length. It is the national bird of the Philippines. The Philippine eagle is protected by law in the Philippines. learning that the Philippine Eagle has been found in danger, it has been made to be the national bird of the Philippines.

Cutting down a large number of trees (Deforestation) is one of the important reasons why the Philippine Eagle is in danger. Scientists have learned that the eagle lives in the eastern Luzon, Samar, Leyte, and that many eagles live in Mindanao. The eagle is known to live a long time, but it is still unknown how long it can live in the wild. The Philippines made this eagle the national bird in 4 July 1995 for a reason - to give attention to this bird. Gaining a lot of attention, the Philippines held events such as "The Philippine Eagle Foundation" in order to save this eagle .   
The people of the Philippines have learned that the Philippine Eagle likes eating flying lemurs and civets . The eagle's known food is only in Mindanao. It is unknown in the eastern Luzon what the eagle eats, because flying lemurs live in the home of Mindanao and are not present in Luzon . The eagle's preferred food can change depending on the time of the season or where the eagle lives. The eagle's preferred animals are mostly animals that live in trees.


Shifty Adventures in Nookie Wood

Shifty Adventures in Nookie Wood is the fifteenth studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in October 2012. It was his first full-length album on Double Six Records label.


Battle of New Orleans

The Battle of New Orleans was the last battle fought in the War of 1812 between the British and the Americans. It involved a series of smaller battles leading up to the main engagement on January 8, 1815. The British had 8,000 infantry in the line out of a total strength of 11,000. The British force was commanded by General Edward Pakenham. The Americans were under the command of General Andrew Jackson. The battle took place at the Plains of Chalmette a few miles from New Orleans.

After the 1793 Treaty of Paris, which officially ended the American Revolutionary War, the British were still present on the American continent. They were trading with the Indians and at times were inciting them against the Americans. The British were blockading American ships, capturing American seamen and forcing them into the Royal Navy to fight against Napoleon. On June 18, 1812, President Madison signed the formal declaration of war against Britain. The fighting began in Canada in an attempt to cut off the British supply lines. At that same time, the British were fighting Napoleon but when that war ended these skilled troops were sent to Canada. The Americans did not have a standing army as such and was still composed of individual militias, men who signed up for short periods of time. By 1813, the British had won nearly every major battle in the war. In August 24, 1814 The British entered Washington D.C., and burned the Capitol to the ground.

On December 24, 1814 the Treaty of Ghent was signed ending the War of 1812. The treaty called for returning all borders and lands as they were before the war. Because of the distances involved and the delay in communications, at the time of the battles neither side knew a peace treaty had been signed.

As the Ghent negotiations suggested, the real causes of the war of 1812, were not merely commerce and neutral rights. They were also the issues of US western expansion, relations with American Indians, and control of the
territory of North America.

The British fleet of some 30 warships sailed out of Negril Bay, Jamaica on 26 November, 1814. The fleet under command of Admiral Alexander Cochrane moved into the Gulf of Mexico ready to attack New Orleans. The fleet was transporting 14,450 British troops who had recently been fighting in the Napoleonic wars in France and Spain. The first the Americans learned of this was through the leader of the Baratarian pirates, Jean Lafitte. The British had offered him several thousand dollars if he would join them. They wanted him to guide them through the swamps in and around New Orleans. Asking for time to consider, Lafitte contacted the American governor of Louisiana, Claiborne and told him of their plans. Claiborne contacted General Andrew Jackson. At first the Americans were wary but they accepted his help. Lafitte offered much needed gunpowder, fuses, cannonballs and the artillery expertise of his men. The pirates knew the swamps around New Orleans and helped guide the Americans to outmaneuver the British.

Andrew Jackson arrived in New Orleans December 2, 1814. He declared martial law and rallied the formerly reluctant citizens to fight the British. Jackson told the people of New Orleans that every citizen was needed to protect the city. He also told them "All those who are not for us are against us". He then blocked all approaches to the City by water.

On December 22 the British moved in barges toward the narrow opening at Lake Borgne. They soon found their way blocked by five American gunboats under the command of Lieutenant Thomas Jones. The British, guided by Spanish and Portuguese fisherman from the area, had an assault force of forty-five boats under the command of Captain Nicholas Lockyer. In the engagement that followed, the British prevailed but suffered about 100 casualties. Lieutenant Thomas Jones lost about 40 killed and wounded. The rest of his men were captured. One man escaped and warned the Americans. The British moved in barges from Lake Borgne to land seven miles below New Orleans on the Mississippi river. Their fishermen guides landed them at Villere Plantation.

When Jackson learned of the landing at Villere Plantation he immediately planned an attack that night. The British general Keene had about 1,900 men when he landed at Villere. More British soldiers landed and by evening there were about 2,300 at the plantation. Under cover of darkness the Americans surprised the British in their camp. Over 2,100 Americans began firing on the British, many of whom were still being landed in boats. The American schooner, "Carolina", had anchored in the Mississippi near the plantation and opened a murderous fire on the British camp. Even after the Americans withdrew the "Carolina" kept up the bombardment until it was blown up by Heated shot and sunk on December 27th. The battle had no clear winner, but the British were delayed in their attempt to capture New Orleans. The Americans lost about 200 men while the British losses were fixed at about 300.

After the battle Jackson began building his defenses at the Rodriguez Canal. This was an abandoned millrace approximately 20 feet wide and 3 to 5 feet deep. It was in a swampy area which gave the Americans a clear advantage. The defensive mill earthworks blocked the British approach to New Orleans. They could only attack from the front as the swamps and river protected the flank. The American position was two miles from the British camp and about five miles below New Orleans. A body of mounted American riflemen kept track of all British movements.

On 25 December General Pakenham landed at the Villere Plantation and took charge of all British forces. The British began moving on 27 December but encountered the American earthworks and halted.

The British were surprised to see the American earthworks. Apparently they had not thought enough of the Americans to even keep an eye on them. In addition to the fortifications in front of them the American cutter "Louisiana" was anchored in the river. As soon as the British appeared the guns of the Americans drove them back. But undaunted they began construction of their own earthworks and setting up their artillery positions.

The British brought up guns from their ships and built earthworks for them under cover of darkness. This was to counter the American guns mounted on their earthworks as well as those on the anchored cutter in the river. On the morning of 1 January 1815 the British opened up with their artillery and rockets. The surprised Americans quickly returned fire but with greater accuracy. Jackson’s line lost two of their guns in the exchange but one by one the cannon fire from the American line took out all fourteen of the British guns. By noon the British had been driven back from their artillery emplacements and the artillery duel was over for the present. Both the Americans and British had placed artillery on the opposite bank of the Mississippi and those batteries exchanged fire most of the afternoon. At night Jackson’s backwoodsmen kept shooting sentries, driving back the pickets and gave the British camp no peace.

Early on the morning of 8 January the British attacked General Jackson’s earthworks. General Packenham’s infantry numbered about 8,000 out of a total force of 11,000. He moved his columns forward while it was still dark to get close to the Americans without being seen. But the element of surprise was lost when a junior officer forgot to bring scaling ladders. When he returned with the ladders it was too late, the Americans could see them. The brigade under the command of General Gibbs attacked the left and center of Jackson’s line. But the American artillery tore large holes in the British line. A regiment of highlanders was sent to help Gibbs but suffered tremendous casualties under the American rifle and musket fire. The British second in command, General Gibbs, was killed on the battlefield. General Pakenham, the overall commander, was shot and killed as he rallied his soldiers. The third in command of British forces, General Lambert, finally called off the assault. The British lost 2,057 men while the Americans lost only 71. The British were veterans of the Napoleonic War and were well experienced and fought bravely but could not break the American defense system.

Fort St. Philip was located on the east bank of the Mississippi river. It protected New Orleans from any river approach to the city. The Americans took over the fort, originally built by the Spanish, in 1808. It was rebuilt with bricks and had two facing the river. The bastions were where most of the fort's twenty guns were mounted. The fort was attacked at the same time General Pakenham led his infantry attack on Jackson's earthworks. The fort was by five British warships for over a week. Finally, on 18 January 1815 the British fleet withdrew. They were damaged but had been unable to do much damage to the fort.

As the gunships retreated on January 18th, the British soldiers were recalled to their transport ships. They were required to leave eighteen badly wounded men, two of whom were officers. In their haste they left fourteen artillery pieces and a large quantity of cannon shot. One of the two medical personnel left to take care of the British wounded gave General Jackson a letter from General Lambert. In his letter Lambert stated he had given up all further operations against New Orleans. He asked too that his men be protected and cared for. Jackson had given thought to pursuing the retreating British. But he decided not to risk any of his men's lives needlessly. He thought the lives of ten British soldiers were not worth the loss of one of his own men.

As General Jackson stated in his letter to the Secretary of War, he was not convinced the British had given up on trying to take the Louisiana territory by force. By Jackson's the British had lost over four thousand men either dead, wounded or who had deserted. Jackson left infantry units to guard the earthworks and the Villere plantation should the British return. He brought the rest of his army back to New Orleans on 20 January 1815.

Tlazolteotl

Tlazolteotl (or "Tlaçolteotl") is an Aztec goddess. She is the goddess of purification, steam bath, midwives, sin and adulterers. In Nahuatl, the word "tlazolli" means vice and diseases. Thus, Tlazolteotl was a goddess of filth (sin), vice and sexual misdeeds. However, she was also a purification goddess. Her dual nature is seen in her epithets; "Tlaelquani" ('she who eats filth [sin]') and "Tlazolmiquiztli" ('the death caused by lust'), and Ixcuina or Ixcuinan ('she of two faces'). Her sisters include Tiacapan (the first born), Teicu (the younger sister), Tlaco (the middle sister) and Xocotzin (the youngest sister).

She is the mother of Centeotl and Yum-Kax, the Maya maize god.

Washington Navy Yard shooting

On September 16, 2013, Aaron Alexis, a lone man armed with a shotgun, killed twelve people and injured fourteen others in a mass shooting at the headquarters of the Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) inside the Washington Navy Yard in Southeast Washington, D.C. The attack happened at around 8:20 a.m. in Building 197. Alexis was shot dead by police after he shot at them.

It was the second-deadliest mass murder on a U.S. military base after the Fort Hood shooting in November 2009, and the deadliest mass murder in the Washington metropolitan area since the September 11 attacks in 2001.

Looper (movie)

Looper is a 2012 American science fiction action-thriller movie directed and written by Rian Johnson. It stars Bruce Willis, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Emily Blunt, and Jeff Daniels. It was released to positive reviews on September 28, 2012. Critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 3.5/4 stars. It won nine awards and was nominated for twenty-six.

Roman house

In Ancient Rome, several types of Roman houses existed. Those in Rome were of at least three different types ranging from tenements to mansions.

Ordinary people lived in apartment blocks called "Insulae", a kind of apartment building. It housed most people of lower- or middle-class status (the plebs). The wealthiest from the upper-middle class (the equites) had their own homes.

Insulae were of poor quality but had running water and sanitation. Rooms could be owned or rented. They were built in timber, mud brick and later primitive concrete. They were restricted in height to about 20 meters.

Fires and collapses happened. Among his many business interests, Marcus Licinius Crassus speculated in real estate and owned numerous "insulae" in the city. When one collapsed from poor construction, Cicero said that Crassus was happy that he could charge higher rents for a new building than the collapsed one.

Houses of the rich and the upper classes were lavish. The atrium, the most important part of the house, was where guests were greeted. The atrium was open in the centre and was surrounded at least in part by porticoes with high ceilings. It often contained only a little furniture to give the effect of a large space. In the centre was a square roof opening in which rainwater could come and drain inwards from the slanted tiled roof. There were kitchens, bedrooms, a dining room, and a number of open rooms.

The master's office was placed so that the master could see what others were doing. The "domus" was not just a house but was a place of business as well, like McDonalds.

Servants would use a servants' entrance, not the main entrance. Slaves could not leave the house without the permission of the master.

A Roman villa was a Roman country house built for the upper classes. There were two kinds of villas. The "villa urbana", was a country seat in easy reach of Rome or another city. The "villa rustica" was a farm-house estate, like the later English country house, and was occupied by servants who ran the estate.

In the empire, there was a concentration of Imperial villas near the Gulf of Naples, on the Isle of Capri, at Monte Circeo on the coast and at Antium (Anzio). Wealthy Romans escaped the summer heat in the hills round Rome, especially around Frascati (such as Hadrian's Villa). Cicero had at least seven villas. The oldest of them was near Arpinum, which he inherited. Pliny the Younger had three or four of which the example near Laurentium is the best known from his descriptions.

Large villas were important to the Roman economy. They dominated the Po valley, Campania and Sicily and were also found in Gaul. Villas were centres of mining, pottery or horse raising. Villas specialising in shipping olive oil to Roman legions in Germany were a feature of the southern Iberian province of Hispania Baetica. Some luxurious villas have been excavated in North Africa in Africa Province and Numidia. Another example is Fishbourne Palace, in Britannia.

Yomiuri Giants

The Yomiuri Giants is a Japanese baseball team based in Tokyo. They are owned by a major newspaper company, and are the most successful team in Japan. They play home games at the Toyko Dome.


Dili Municipality

Dili is the name of one of the 13 municipalities of East Timor, which includes the national capital Dili. 

Dili is the smallest municipality in East Timor, but it has the highest population. It is the economic and political centre of East Timor.

The district of Dili, with , is the smallest district of the country; it lies on the north coast of the island of Timor on the Savu Sea. It borders the districts of Manatuto to the east, Aileu to the south, Liquiçá to the west and the Savu Sea to the north. Atauro Island, to the north of the district opposite the capital, is one of its administrative posts.

The district is divided in six administrative posts: Atauro, Cristo Rei, Dom Aleixo, Metinaro, Nain Feto and Vera Cruz.

The capital of the district is Dili and the administrative headquarters of the district are located in Caicoli, in the administrative post of Vera Cruz. The city of Dili extends over several administrative posts. Other settlements in the district are Dar (administrative post Veracruz), Hera (Cristo Rei) and Metinaro (Metinaro).

Mountains are close to the coast so that most of the landscape is mountainous. Near the western border is the "Lake Tibar", one of the few large lakes of East Timor. Three small lakes with salt water are near Tasitolu and they have been named as Important Bird Area and also the entire island of Atauro.

The climate of Dili is typical of the north coast of East Timor. In the dry season, the temperature could get up to about ; at night, the temperature is around . In the rainy season the temperature is around . The annual average is . Rain falls almost exclusively during the rainy season from late November to April. The average annual rainfall is .
The district of Dili had a population of 245,873 in 2011, more than in any other district in the country. Its density is inhabitants per km², the greatest in East Timor.

The administrative posts with more people living there are Nain Feto, Dom Aleixo and Cristo Rei Veracruz. Atauro and Metinaro have less people living there. The average age is 20.8 years (2010), well above the national average of 18.8.

Tetum, the official language, is the dominant language on the coast where the dialect "Tetum Praça" (a dialect with a great influence from Portuguese) is spoken; in the interior of the district and in Metinaro, the national language Mambai is often spoken.


Turquoise-browed motmot

The turquoise-browed motmot ("Eumomota superciliosa") is a bird of the motmot family. It lives in Central America, from south-east Mexico (mostly the Yucatán Peninsula) to Costa Rica. The turquoise-browed motmot is a colourful bird, mostly turquoise, green and orange. It is common and not in danger. It lives in fairly open habitats such as on the edges of forests and scrubland.

The motmots live in the tropical forests of Central America. They are brightly coloured with a strong beak. They have a signature tail with two bare feathers ending in tufts, just like this bird. This effect is got by the tail feathers having no barbs along the middle section.

This motmot has other local names. Itis called "Torogoz" in El Salvador and "Guardabarranco" in Nicaragua. It is the national bird of these two countries.


Holyoke, Massachusetts

Holyoke is a city in southwestern Massachusetts. It is close to Springfield. The city was settled in 1745 and incorporated in 1850. Holyoke had almost 40,000 people at the 2020 census.

Nymphomaniac (movie)

Nymphomaniac is a 2013 two-part erotic drama movie. It was directed by Lars von Trier. It is about a nymphomaniac who meets an asexual virgin and tells him about her sexual adventures. In the movie are Charlotte Gainsbourg, Stacy Martin, Stellan Skarsgard, Shia LaBeouf, Uma Thurman and Christian Slater. The movie was released on December 25, 2013 in Denmark. It was released in early 2014 in some other countries. It was filmed in Germany and Belgium in 2012. "The Guardian" gave the movie four out of five stars.


Lauren Bush

Lauren Pierce Bush (born June 25, 1984) is a fashion model and designer. She is a niece of former President George W. Bush and granddaughter of former President George H. W. Bush. Bush was born in Denver, Colorado and raised in Houston, Texas.

Greg Wilcock

Gregory "Greg" Anatole Wilcock is an Australian diplomat. He is a career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.

On 14 June 2012, Wilcock was made the next High Commissioner of Australia to Bangladesh by Bob Carr. He gave his credentials to Bangladeshi President Zillur Rahman on 19 July 2012. 

His previous jobs overseas with the department were to Washington, D.C. and Jakarta. He also worked with the team that set up Australia's Embassy in East Timor.

Before arriving in Bangladesh, Wilcock worked in Canberra on Middle East policy. This was after he worked for almost three years as an adviser to Stephen Smith, when Smith was Australia's Foreign Minister and later Defence Minister.

Wilcock studied politics and international relations at the Australian National University and Monash University. He is married, and he and his wife have two young sons.

Louise Hand

Louise Hand is an Australian diplomat. She is a senior career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade. 

On 29 December 2011, Acting Minister of Foreign Affairs, Martin Ferguson, made Hand the new Australian High Commissioner to Canada. 

Before this appointment, Hand was worked for the Department of Climate Change as the Ambassador for Climate Change (2009–2011). Hand has served overseas as Minister and Deputy Head of Mission at the Australian Embassy, Jakarta (2005 to 2009), Ambassador to Cambodia (2000 to 2003), Counselor, Australian Permanent Mission on Disarmament, Geneva (1995 to 1998), and Third (later Second) Secretary at the Australian Embassy in Vienna (1986 to 1989).

In Canberra, Hand has held the jobs of Assistant Secretary in the Arms Control Branch (1999 to 2000), Director of the Ministerial and Executive Liaison Section (1999), Director of the Business Affairs Unit (1993 to 1994) and Executive Assistant to the Secretary (1992 to 1993).

Hand holds a Bachelor of Arts and Masters Qualifying degree from the University of Queensland and an MBA from Deakin University. She is married and has two daughters.

In January 2009, she was awarded a Public Service Medal for her work in Indonesia.

The Saint of Bleecker Street

The Saint of Bleecker Street is a three-act opera with words and music by Gian Carlo Menotti. It was first performed at The Broadway Theatre in New York City on December 27, 1954. The opera won the Pulitzer Prize for Music in 1955 and the New York Drama Critics Circle award for best musical. The opera is about a young woman in New York City's Little Italy who receives the stigmata. 

Assemblywomen

Assemblywomen is a satirical comedy by Aristophanes on the idea that women might be better than men at running the state.

The play is about a group of women, and their leader Praxagora. She has decided that the women must convince the men to give them control of Athens, because they could rule it better. The women, in the guise of men, sneak into the assembly and vote the measure, convincing some of the men to vote for it because it is the only thing they have not tried.

The women set up a government in which the state feeds, houses, and generally takes care of every Athenian. They enforce an idea of equality by allowing every man to sleep with every woman, but that the man must sleep with an ugly woman before he may sleep with a beautiful one.

There is a scene in which two men are talking. One of them is going along with the new government, giving his property to the women, and obeying their orders. The other does not wish to give up his property, but he is more than willing to take advantage of the free food.

The following scene has a pair of young lovers unable to make their tryst, as a succession of ever older and more hideous women attempt to and eventually succeed in dragging the man off to make love to him first, as laid down by the new laws.

After the oligarchy put in place after the war fell, Athenians asserted their democracy and equality very strongly. The play makes its point that excessive democracy has its problems.

In the play is what appears to be an exceptionally long word:
Lopado­­temacho­­selacho­­galeo­­kranio­­leipsano­­drim­­hypo­­trimmato­­silphio­­parao­­melito­­katakechy­­meno­­kichl­­epi­­kossypho­­phatto­­perister­­alektryon­­opte­­kephallio­­kigklo­­peleio­­lagoio­­siraio­­baphe­­tragano­­pterygon

In reality it is a series of words stuck together, not a genuine word. It describes a fictional food dish. Liddell and Scott translate this as "name of a dish compounded of all kinds of dainties, fish, flesh, fowl, and sauces". The Greek word contains 171 letters, which far surpasses that of Shakespeare's 27-letter long word, "honorificabilitudinitatibus" in his Love's Labour's Lost V.I.

It is a transliteration of the Ancient Greek word . It is the longest word to appear in literature.

The dish has at least 16 ingredients, including:


Night on Bald Mountain

Night on Bald Mountain or Night on Bare Mountain is a piece of music (tone poem) for orchestra by Modest Mussorgsky. He completed it in 1867. It was first performed in 1886 in a version by Rimsky-Korsakov after Mussorgsky's 1881 death. The music depicts a witches' Sabbath on St. John's Night. The music was used in Walt Disney's animated movie, "Fantasia" in 1940. 

Iron deficiency anemia

Iron-deficiency anemia (or iron-deficiency anaemia) is a common type of anemia. It is caused by not having enough iron in food, not absorbing the iron in food, and/or losing iron because of bleeding.

Iron deficiency causes approximately half of all anemia cases worldwide, and affects women more often than men. This is partly because most women have periods (menstruate). There are probably more than one billion people who have anemia.

Anemia is most common in areas like Brazil or Central Africa. Asia, Central America and Eastern Europe are affected too, with North America least affected.

Symptoms include pale skin, tiredness, and weakness.

Anemia can be diagnosed with a blood test by finding out if there is little enough hemoglobin in the blood.

Romeo and Juliet (ballet)

Romeo and Juliet is a ballet. The music was written by Sergei Prokofiev. The ballet is based on Shakespeare's play, "Romeo and Juliet". The ballet was first performed in Brno (now in the Czech Republic) in 1938. It has been re-choreographed many times, notably by Sir Frederick Ashton in 1955, John Cranko in 1962, Kenneth MacMillan in 1965, and Rudolph Nureyev in 1977. 

Jenůfa

Jenůfa is a three-act opera of realism with words and music by Leoš Janáček. It is based on the play "Její pastorkyňa" by Gabriela Preissová. The opera was first performed in 21 January 1904 in Brno, (now in the Czech Republic). It was a great success when it was performed in Prague in 1916. The opera is about the murder of a baby (this is called infanticide).

L'Orfeo

L'Orfeo is a three-act opera. The music was written by Claudio Monteverdi. The words were written by Alessandro Striggio. The opera is based on the myth of Orpheus, his descent to Hades and his attempt to bring his dead wife Eurydice back. It was first performed in February 1607. It is a transitional work between the music of the Renaissance and the music of the Baroque. It is one of the earliest operas that is still performed.

Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria

Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria () is an opera in a prologue and five acts (later revised to three acts). The music was written by Claudio Monteverdi. The words were written in Italian by Giacomo Badoaro. It was first performed in Venice during the 1639–1640 carnival season. It was not performed very much until the 20th century. The opera is based on the story of Odysseus' return to Ithaca and his contest with the unwanted suitors of his loyal wife Penelope.

Dmitri Kulikov

Dmitri Vladimirovich Kulikov (; born October 29, 1990) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Florida Panthers and Buffalo Sabres.

He started his hockey career with Lokomotiv-2 Yaroslavl in the Pervaya Liga and played a season with them. 

He then moved to North America to play for the Drummondville Voltigeurs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. During his time in the QMJHL, he led all of the Quebec League blueliners with 62 points in 57 games and won a bunch of trophies which included the Emile Bouchard Trophy as the QMJHL Defenceman of the Year; the Raymond Lagacé Trophy as the Defensive Rookie of the Year; and the Mike Bossy Trophy as the league's best pro prospect.

He was drafted with the 14th overall pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft by the Florida Panthers. The Panthers signed Kulikov on September 29, 2009. He has shown high levels of skill and confidence after playing in 68 games with the Florida Panthers.


Archaeocyatha

Archaeocyatha is a taxon of extinct sponges.


Fanfare for the Common Man

Fanfare for the Common Man is piece of music. It was written by Aaron Copland in 1942 for the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra. The piece is scored for brass and percussion. It is often heard on television, at national events such as Fourth of July celebrations, sports events, etc. 

Rodeo (ballet)

Rodeo is a ballet. The story and dances were designed by Agnes de Mille. The music was written by Aaron Copland. The ballet was first performed on October 16, 1942 at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York City. It was a great success. The ballet consists of five sections: "Buckaroo Holiday", "Ranch House Party", "Corral Nocturne", "Saturday Night Waltz", and "Hoe-Down". The ballet tells the story of an awkward cowgirl's romance.

List of figures in Greek mythology

This is a list of gods, goddesses, people and other figures from Greek mythology. They are sorted into sections below. The immortals include gods (deities), spirits and giants. Being immortal means that they live forever. The mortals include heroes, kings, Amazons and other people. The list does not include creatures.

These figures are described by ancient writers, the oldest of which are Homer and Hesiod. The Greeks created images of their deities for many reasons. A temple would house the statue of a god or goddess, or several deities. The statue might be decorated with relief scenes depicting myths. These were also often painted on pottery and minted on coins.

Roman mythology includes many of the same figures, but uses different names: calling Zeus by the name of Jupiter and Aphrodite by the name of Venus, for example. This is called the Venetian creole language. It is called Venetian band.

The main and most important gods were the Twelve Olympians. The home of these gods is at the top of Mount Olympus. There was some variation as to which deities were included in the Twelve. As such, the list below numbers fourteen. It includes all those who are commonly named as one of the Twelve in art and poetry. Dionysus was a later addition; in some descriptions, he replaced Hestia. Hades is not usually included among the Olympians, because his home was the underworld. Some writers, however, such as Plato, named him as one of the Twelve.

The primordial deities are the first beings that existed. They are what makes up the universe. All other gods descend from them. The first among them is usually said to be Chaos. Chaos is the nothingness from which all of the others were made. These gods are usually depicted as a place or a realm. Tartarus, for example, is depicted as the deepest pit in the underworld. His brother Erebus is also depicted as a place of darkness, or the emptiness of space. Gaia is depicted as nature or the Earth. Pontus is depicted as the oceans, lakes, and rivers. Chronos is depicted as time.

The Titans are the older kind of gods in Greek mythology. The original Twelve Titans were children of Gaia (Mother Earth) and Uranus (Father Sky). Their leader was Cronus, who overthrew his father Uranus and became ruler of the gods. Cronus' consort was his sister Rhea. Their children were Zeus, Hades, Poseidon, Hera, Demeter and Hestia. Cronus and the Titans were overthrown by Zeus, his youngest son. They fought a war called the Titanomachy. The Titans are depicted in Greek art less often than the Olympians.

The Giants (, "Gigantes") were the children of Gaia. She was fertilised by the blood of Uranus, after Uranus was castrated by his son Cronus. After the Titans' lost their war against the Olympians, Gaia made the Giants rise up against the Olympians to restore the Titans' rule. The Olympians got help from the hero Heracles to stop the Giants. This war was the Gigantomachy.



These deities lived in the underworld. The ruler of the underworld was Hades, who is listed further above under "Olympians".






Seers were prophets, people who were said to be able to see the future or predict events before they happened.


Land bridge

A land bridge is a term in biogeography. It is a narrow land connection between otherwise separate areas, sometimes called an isthmus. 

Its significance is that animals and plants may cross over it when the sea level is lower. They cannot easily cross when the sea level is higher, and water covers the land bridge. The separation of a once connected population often leads to speciation, the splitting of one species into two and the two species change over time to be different but have distant similarities.

Several kinds of change can cause a land bridge to rise above or sink below the water. Plate tectonics may cause the rise or lowering of land. The causes of general sea level changes are not fully understood, but often big polar ice caps lower sea level by locking up much of the water. When sea levels fall, shallow sections of continental shelf may get exposed. Sometimes the sea floor rises due to "post-glacial rebound" after an ice age.


Nathan MacKinnon

Nathan MacKinnon (born September 1, 1995) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted 1st overall by the Colorado Avalanche in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.

When he was playing an atom aged player, he recorded 200 points in 50 games. He started his hockey career with the Cole Harbour Red Wings in Bantam AAA and played 2 seasons with them. During that time, he recorded 145 points in 110 seasons respectively. He also played for Shattuck-Saint Mary's in Bantam AAA and Midget AAA for 2 seasons. He scored 101 points in 58 games played that he played to finish second in team scoring in their Bantam Tier I program.

On June 4, 2011, He was drafted first overall by the Baie-Comeau Drakkar in the 2011 QMJHL Draft. On July 13, 2011, His rights were traded to the Halifax Mooseheads for Carl Gélinas, Francis Turbide, the Mooseheads' first round draft picks in 2012 and 2013, and the Quebec Remparts' first round draft pick in 2013 which was previously acquired by Halifax. On May 26, 2013, He led the Mooseheads to their first Memorial Cup championship win and scored a hat-trick in the final game against the Portland Winterhawks. He was named the Most Valuable Player and scored a tournament-best seven goals and six assists in four games as well earned a spot on the Tournament All-Star Team.

On June 30, 2013, he was drafted by the Colorado Avalanche with the 1st overall pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. On July 9, 2013, the Avalanche signed MacKinnon to his first NHL contract, a three-year entry level deal.


Invitation to the Dance

"Invitation to the Dance" is a piece of music for solo piano written by Carl Maria von Weber in 1819. It is written in D-flat major in rondo form. It was the first concert waltz. This means it was meant to be listened to rather than danced to. 

In 1841, Hector Berlioz made an arrangement for orchestra. In 1911, the Berlioz version was used for a short ballet called "Le Spectre de la rose". This ballet starred Nijinsky and Karsavina. It became very well known.

Konzertstück in F minor

Concert Piece (Konzertstück) in F minor for Piano and Orchestra, Op. 79, J. 282 is a piece of music for piano and orchestra. It was written by Carl Maria von Weber, and first performed on June 25, 1821 in Berlin, Germany. 

It is one unbroken piece of music with four sections in different tempos. Weber wrote a program for the piece. It tells of a lady and her knight. They are separated by war, but are happily reunited by the end of the music. Mendelssohn played the piece in a concert when he was 18 years old. Liszt and Stravinsky were both influenced by the piece when writing similar works of their own.

Chaperone (protein)

A molecular chaperone is a protein which does things to other proteins. They are mostly concerned with protein folding. 

Some help assemble or take apart other macromolecular structures. They do not occur in these structures when the structures go about their normal functions. 
What they do is:

The first protein to be called a chaperone assists the assembly of nucleosomes from folded histones and DNA. Those assembly chaperones, especially in the nucleus, assemble folded subunits into larger structures such as cell organelles.

One major function of chaperones is to prevent polypeptide chains and subunits sticking together in clumps which do not function. Some chaperones are "holdases" which act to stop aggregation. Others, called "foldases", do help fold proteins which cannot do it themselves. Such proteins violate Anfinsen's dogma, which said protein folding was automatic.

Ribonuclease

Ribonuclease (commonly abbreviated RNase) is a type of enzyme that chops RNA into smaller parts. There are many different versions of the enzyme.

All organisms studied contain many RNases of many different sorts. This shows that RNA degradation is a very ancient and important process. 

Baucau Municipality

Baucau (Tetum: Baukau), is the name of one of the 13 municipalities of East Timor, on the northern coast in the eastern part of the country. The municipality was the same during colonial times.

The capital is the city of Baucau (formerly Vila Salazar), the second city of East Timor after Dili that is at about to the west; it lies at about 512 meters above sea level.

Its north edge is to the Wetar Strait, opposite the island of Wetar; it also borders the municipalities of Lautém to the east, Viqueque to the south, and Manatuto to the west.

The municipality has an area of . The largest part of the municipality is at an altitude between . Just right on the coast, the country is falling fast at sea level.

The highest mountain of Baucau, and the third highest in East Timor, is Matebian, with high; it is in the Quelicai subdistrict.

The rivers Laleia and Manuleiden, in the west of the district, flow to the north into the Wetar Strait. The rivers Seiçal, Borauai, Lequinamo, Binagua and other small rivers are to the east of the city of Baucau; only the Seiçal has water all year round.

Baucau also has a wide shoreline with sandy beaches that are ideal for swimming and other water sports.

In 2015, about 123,000 people lived in Baucau. The average age is 18.5 years.

Besides the national official languages of Tetum and Portuguese, most of the inhabitants speak the Papuan language Makasae. While most of the inhabitants are Roman Catholics, a few Muslims also live there.

It is divided in six administrative posts:Baucau, Laga, and Vemasse with a coastal plain, while Venilale, Quelicai, and Baguia are located inland.
Baucau has the most highly developed agriculture in East Timor. Besides the staples rice and corn, Baucau produces beans, peanuts, sweet potatoes, coconuts, candlenut and manioc. It also raises buffalo and goats.


Illinois Secretary of State

The Secretary of State of Illinois is one of the six elected executive state offices of the government of Illinois, and one of the 47 secretaries of states in the United States. The Illinois Secretary of State keeps the state records, laws, library, and archives, and is the state's vehicle registration and driver licensing authority. The current Secretary of State is Jesse White, a Democrat who took office in 1999.

Illinois Attorney General

The Illinois Attorney General is the highest legal officer of the state of Illinois in the United States. Originally an appointed office, it is now an office filled by election through universal suffrage. Based in Chicago and Springfield, Illinois, the Attorney General is responsible for providing legal counsel for the various state agencies including the Governor of Illinois and Illinois General Assembly, and conducting all legal affairs pertaining to the state. The current Attorney General is Kwame Raoul.


Illinois Comptroller

The Comptroller of Illinois is an elected official of the U.S. state of Illinois.

He or she is responsible for keeping the State's accounts, and for ordering payments into and out of them. The office was created by the Illinois Constitution of 1970, replacing the office of Auditor of Public Accounts. The current Comptroller is Leslie Munger.


Illinois Treasurer

The Treasurer of Illinois is an elected official of the U.S. state of Illinois. The office was created by the Constitution of Illinois. The current Treasurer is .

Treasurer of the state of Illinois holds responsibility for the safekeeping and investment of the monies and securities deposited in the public funds of Illinois. The Treasurer is not the state's chief financial officer, that is the Illinois Comptrollers job.


Jesse White (politician)

Jesse Clark White (born June 23, 1934) is a Democratic American politician. He served as the 37th and the longest serving Secretary of State of Illinois and the first African American to hold this position. He decided to retire in 2022 instead of running for a seventh term.

White was born in Alton, Illinois on June 23, 1934. He attended Alabama State University.

First elected to Secretary of State of Illinois in 1998, White was re-elected in 2002 by winning all 102 counties and garnering more than 2.3 million votes, the largest vote total by any candidate for Illinois statewide office in a quarter of a century. In 2006, White was re-elected to a third term, having received 63 percent of the vote statewide. White was elected to a fourth term in 2010, the leading vote-getter in the entire state.



Lieutenant Governor of Illinois

The lieutenant governor of Illinois is the second highest constitutional office of the executive branch of the state government of the U.S. state of Illinois It is the second highest ranking official in the state government.

The lieutenant governor is to serve as the acting governor in their absence or to become the governor if the governor dies, resigns, or is impeached from office.

Juliana Stratton is the 48th and current lieutenant governor of Illinois, in office since January 2019.

The lieutenant governor of Illinois handles a variety of responsibilities which include serving as chairperson of the Governor's Rural Affairs Council, Chairman of Rural Bond Bank of Illinois, Head of the Main Street Program and chairperson of the Illinois River Coordinating Council.

The lieutenant governor is also a member of the National Lieutenant Governor's Association.

Under the Constitution of Illinois, a person must be:

• Be at least 25 years old

• a United States citizen

• a resident of Illinois for at least 3 years

Illinois House of Representatives

The Illinois House of Representatives is the lower house of the Illinois General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Illinois. The body was created by the first Illinois Constitution created in 1818. The state House of Representatives is made of 118 representatives elected from different legislative districts for a two-year term with no limits. The leader of the body is the Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives.

Animal hoarding

Animal hoarding is keeping a higher-than-usual number of animals as pets without ability to look after them. Hoarders believe that they take care for their pets usually.

Jesse White (actor)

Jesse Marc Weidenfeld (January 4, 1917 – January 9, 1997) was an American television, movie, and stage character actor. He is best remembered for playing the Maytag repairman in television commercials, a role that he starred from 1967 to 1988.

White was born Jesse Marc Weidenfeld on January 4, 1917 in Buffalo, New York. He was raised in Akron, Ohio and in Cleveland, Ohio.

In 1947, White starred in his first movie called "Kiss of Death". White appeared in "The Bad Seed" (1956); "Designing Woman" (1957), with Lauren Bacall; and Marjorie Morningstar (1958), with Natalie Wood and Gene Kelly. He also appeared in the epic comedy "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World".

On October 2, 1958, White played the fast-talking, dishonest, used-car salesman San Fernando Harry in the segment "The New Car" of the ABC sitcom, "The Real McCoys", starring Walter Brennan, Richard Crenna, and Kathleen Nolan.

His last movie was in the 1993 comedy "Matinee". His last television appearance was on "Seinfeld".

White was married to Celia Cohn from 1942 until his death in 1997. They had two children. One of his daughters is actress Carole Ita White. He lived in Beverley Hills, California.

White died on January 9, 1997 from complications of a heart attack following a surgical operation. He was 80 years old. He died 5 days after his birthday. He was buried at Mount Sinai Memorial Park in Los Angeles, California.


Lisa Madigan

Lisa Madigan (born July 30, 1966) was the 41st Attorney General of the US state of Illinois from 2003, when she became the first female attorney general for Illinois, until 2019.

She is a Democrat and the daughter of Michael Madigan, who has been Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives for most of the last 50 years.

On December 12, 2008, she attracted national attention after filing a motion with the Supreme Court of Illinois to remove Governor Rod Blagojevich from office. The motion was denied by the court without a hearing.

Madigan was born on July 30, 1966 in Chicago, Illinois. She studied at Georgetown University and at Loyola University Chicago School of Law. Madigan has been married to Pat Byrnes.

She was once said by "The New York Times" to be among the seventeen most likely women to become the first female President of the United States.

On July 14, 2013 Madigan, who was widely expected to run, announced she would not run for governor in 2014 because of her father’s decision to stay in his post as speaker of the Illinois House, but that she would run for reelection instead.


Sheila Simon

Sheila J. Simon (born March 13, 1961) is an American politician and educator who was the 46th Lieutenant Governor of the state of Illinois. 

She was a Professor of Law at the Southern Illinois University School of Law. Simon is the daughter of former U.S. Senator Paul Simon, who had previously served as Lieutenant Governor of Illinois (1969-1973), and his first wife, former Illinois State Representative Jeanne Hurley Simon.

On September 7, 2015, Simon announced her candidacy for the Illinois Senate. Simon was defeated by her Republican opponent Paul Schimpf.

Simon was born on March 31, 1961 in Springfield, Illinois. She studied at Georgetown Law School. Simon has been married to Perry Knop since 1987. They have two children. She lives in Carbondale, Illinois.


Judy Baar Topinka

Judy Baar Topinka (January 16, 1944 – December 10, 2014) was an American politician. She served as the Illinois Comptroller and Illinois Treasurer, having served as Treasurer from 1995 to 2007, and former chairwoman of the Illinois Republican Party.

Topinka was born on January 16, 1944 in Chicago, Illinois.

She was the first woman to become state treasurer, first to be elected to three consecutive terms and the first Republican to hold the post in more than thirty-two years. During her last term, she was the only elected statewide official from the Republican Party, in Illinois.

In November 2005, Topinka announced her decision to run for Governor of Illinois. In March 2006, she was nominated as the Republican candidate. She was the second woman (after 1994 Democratic nominee Dawn Clark Netsch) and first Republican woman to be nominated for governor of Illinois. She went on to lose the election to Rod Blagojevich.

In 2010, she successfully ran for the office of Illinois State Comptroller and was re-elected in 2014, one month before her death.

Topinka died in Berwyn, Illinois from a stroke, aged 70.


Dan Rutherford

Dan Rutherford (born May 26, 1955) is an American politician. Rutherford is a former Illinois Treasurer. He served as a Republican member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 53rd district, from 2003 to 2011, in the Illinois House of Representatives from 1993 to 2003, and as the Treasurer of Illinois from 2011 to 2015.

Rutherford was born in Pontiac, Illinois on May 16, 1955. He attended Pontiac Township High School. Following high school, Rutherford attended Illinois State University.

Rutherford won the open seat of Illinois Treasurer. Also running were Democratic nominee Robin Kelly, Constitution Party nominee Dawn Czarny, Green Party Party nominee Scott K. Summers, Libertarian nominee James Pauly, and Independent Conservative Christopher Pedersen.

On June 2, 2013, Dan Rutherford officially announced his candidacy for Governor of Illinois. His running mate is attorney Steve Kim.



Michael Madigan

Michael J. Madigan (born April 19, 1942) is an American politician. He was the Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives and Chairman of the Democratic Party of Illinois. A Democrat, he has held the position of Speaker of the House for all but two years since 1983—those two years being a brief interregnum of Republican majority and is the longest serving Speaker.
He has been a member of the Illinois House since 1971, and currently represents the 22nd district. He is known for having a rough relationship with former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich.

On January 11, 2021, Madigan announced he would be ending his bid to be elected to a nineteenth term as Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives.

Madigan was born on April 19, 1942 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at University of Notre Dame and graduated from the Loyola University Chicago School of Law.

He has been Speaker of the Illinois House since 1982, with the exception of 1995–1996 when Republicans took control of the chamber. Madigan engineered a Democratic comeback and regained his majority at the elections of November 1996, which he continues to defend today. He has feuded with other Democratic leaders since 2002when Democrats took control of all branches of the state governmentmost notably Governor Rod Blagojevich and Senate President Emil Jones.

One of Madigan's chief Democratic deputies in the House is Gary Hannig, who often handles budget issues.

He is the longest-serving leader of any state or federal legislative body in the history of the United States, having held the position for all but two years since 1983.

In January 2021, Madigan refused to run for State House Speaker again following bribery allegations.

On February 18, 2021 Madigan resigned from the state legislature.

Madigan is married to Shirley Madigan. They had one daughter. His daughter is Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan. He lives and represents West Lawn, Chicago.


The Evil Within

The Evil Within, known in Japan as Psychobreak, is an action survival horror video game. 

It was being developed by a Japanese studio, Tango Gameworks. The game can be run on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One. It was released on October 14, 2014.

"The Evil Within" is the first product of Tango Gameworks.

Thematic map

A thematic map is a kind of map. Different from normal maps, a thematic map is designed to show the distribution of human or natural features or data. The information may or may not be related to geography. For example, a map which shows population is a thematic map.

Thematic maps are called so because they show features relating to a particular theme or aspect of geography.

An early contributor to thematic mapping in England was the English astronomer Edmond Halley (1656–1742). His first important map was a star chart of the constellations of the Southern Hemisphere, published in 1686. In the same year he also published something new, a map of the globe (Earth) in an article about trade winds. This map is sometimes called the first weather map.

Another example of early thematic mapping comes from London physician John Snow. Snow’s cholera map of 1854 is the best known example of using thematic maps for analysis of data. His method anticipates the principles of a geographic information system (GIS). He started with an accurate map of a London neighborhood which included streets and water pump locations. Onto this Snow placed a dot for each cholera death. The pattern centered around one particular pump on Broad Street. At Snow’s request, the handle of the pump was removed, and new cholera cases ceased almost at once. Further investigation of the area revealed the Broad Street pump was near a cesspit under the home of the outbreak's first cholera victim.

Fruit Ninja

Fruit Ninja is a video game made by Halfbrick. The game can be played on different platforms such as Xbox 360 and Windows Phone.

The target of this game is get score by slicing fruits. For the classical mode, fruit can't leave the screen without being sliced. Extra points are awarded for slicing three or more fruits with one swipe.


David Luiz

David Luiz Moreira Marinho (born 22 April 1987), known as David Luiz, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Arsenal F.C. in English Premier League and as vice-captain for the Brazil national team.






<br>


Jack Wilshere

Jack Andrew Garry Wilshere (born 1 January 1992) is an English football coach and former professional player who played as a midfielder. He is the head coach of the Arsenal under-18 team.

Arsenal

Individual

Arsenal


Ruggero Leoncavallo

Ruggero Leoncavallo (April 23, 1857 – August 9, 1919) was an Italian opera composer and librettist. He is best known for his 1892 opera, "I pagliacci". In 1906, he toured the United States with success. He was born in Naples, and died in Montecatini Terme, Tuscany.

Pagliacci

I pagliacci or Pagliacci () is a short two-act opera with libretto and music by Ruggero Leoncavallo. It was first performed in the Teatro Dal Verme in Milan, Italy on May 21, 1892. It was conducted by Arturo Toscanini. 

The opera is about an adulterous love affair between the wife of a traveling actor and a village man that ends in the murders of both.

The role of Canio became Enrico Caruso's signature role. "Pagliacci" is the only opera by Leoncavallo still performed. It is usually paired with Pietro Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana".

Beorhtric of Wessex

Beorhtric (also Brihtric; meaning 'Magnificent ruler') (died 802) was the King of Wessex from 786 to 802. He ruled Wessex as a king. His wife and father-in-law exercised most of the power. 

The names of his parents and his ancestry are unknown. In 786, Cynewulf, king of Wessex, was killed by Cyneheard, brother of the former King Sigeberht. Either with help of Offa of Mercia or quickly coming under his influence, Beorhtric became King of Wessex. In 787, he held the Synod of Chelsea jointly with Offa. In 789 he married Eadburh, Offa's daughter. That same year Vikings appeared off the coast of Devon. Believing they were traders the local went to meet them and was killed. This was the first encounter with Vikings in southern England.

After Offa's death in 796, Mercian power over England was weakened. There was a period of three years when some West Saxons tried to break free of Mercian control. But Beorhtric and Cenfulf, the new king, signed a peace treaty. From that time on Wessex remained subordinate to Mercia. Three West Saxon coins have survived from Beorhtric's reign. In style they are very similar to coins struck by Offa. They were probably minted at Southampton after Offa's death.

Queen Eadburh, as Offa's daughter, seems to have held all the power in Wessex. She had a reputation for great cruelty. In later years Asser, a scholar at Alfred the Great's court, recorded the story that Beorhtric had died from being accidentally poisoned by his wife, Eadburh. She fled to a nunnery in Francia, from which she was later ejected after being found with a man. It was a good story but probably more myth than real. But she was the reason Wessex would not have another queen for several generations. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle records that Beorhtric was buried at Wareham in 802. He left no heirs.


American Airlines Flight 191

American Airlines Flight 191 was a scheduled commercial flight from O'Hare International Airport in Chicago to Los Angeles International Airport. The aircraft used was a McDonnell Douglas DC-10-10. On May 25, 1979, the aircraft crashed into an open field in Des Plaines, Illinois. All 271 people (258 passengers and 13 crew) on the flight were killed. Two people on the ground were killed and five others were hurt. The crash was caused by the loss of one of the engines, which caused damage to the left wing. The loss of the engine happened because of bad maintenance to the aircraft that had been done eight weeks before the crash. It is the worst plane crash to happen in the United States.

The airplane that crashed was a McDonnell Douglas DC-10-10, tail number N110AA. It was delivered new to American Airlines after its first flight in 1972, and at time of accident it has flown for 19871 hours. It was powered by 3 General Electric CF6-6D engines.

The plane, which just arrived from Phoenix, was assigned to fly Flight 191 from Chicago to Los Angeles. At 2.59pm (local time GMT-6), the plane began its taxi to Runway 32R, and at 3.02pm was cleared to takeoff. However, as First Officer Dillard began to rotate, the number one engine broke off from its pylon on the left wing. With the remaining length of the runway, stopping the plane would be impossible, so the pilots continued with the takeoff, knowing that two engines are enough to fly a DC-10, but not knowing that the engine had completely separated from the aircraft..

Shortly after the engine broke off, the plane began a stabilized, steep climb to 300 ft. The left wing's leading edge slats then retracted, raising that wing's stall speed from 124 knots to 159 knots. The DC-10, travelling at V2 speed (153 knots) then uncontrollably began to roll to the left, as the pilots tried to control the aircraft. The plane reached a maximum bank angle value of 112 degrees left as the nose dropped through 20 degrees below the horizon, and the airplane crashed into an open field in front of an aircraft hangar near a trailer park 4,680 feet northwest from the end of the departure runway, with the left wing hitting the ground first. 

All 258 passengers, 13 crew and 2 others on the ground were killed. This became the worst ever plane crash in the United States, not counting the September 11 attacks which were crashed by hijackers and had more ground fatalities than those passengers killed in the planes.


Ken Norton

Kenneth Howard Norton Sr. (August 9, 1943 – September 18, 2013) was an American heavyweight boxer and WBC world Heavyweight Champion. 

He was best known for his 12-round victory over Muhammad Ali, when he famously broke Ali's jaw, on March 31, 1973, becoming only the second man to defeat a peak Ali as a professional (after Joe Frazier, who won a 15-round unanimous decision against Ali on March 8, 1971).

Norton was born on August 9, 1943 in Jackson, Illinois. He studied at Northeast Missouri State University. Norton had two sons. 

Norton died on September 18, 2013, at a care facility in Las Vegas, Nevada from heart failure. He was 70 years old and had suffered a series of strokes in later life.


Marcel Reich-Ranicki

Marcel Reich-Ranicki (2 June 1920 – 18 September 2013) was a Polish-German literary critic and member of the literary group Gruppe 47. He was regarded as one of the most influential contemporary literary critics in the field of German literature and has often been called "Literaturpapst" ("Pope of Literature") in Germany.

Reich-Ranicki was born on 2 June 1920 in Włocławek, Poland. He was raised in Berlin, Germany. Reich-Ranicki was married to Teofila Reich-Ranicki from 1942 until her death in 2011. They had no children. Reich-Ranicki died on 18 September 2013 in Frankfurt, having previously been diagnosed with prostate cancer.


Michael Giannatos

Michael or Mihalis Giannatos (1941 – 17 September 2013), alternatively spelled as Yannatos (), was a Greek actοr. 

Giannatos was born in Istanbul, Turkey in 1941. He left the city for Greece in 1964 during the long eviction period of Greeks. He was married to Chaido Giannatos. Giannatos died on 17 September 2013 from a heart attack in his Athens, Greece home, aged 72.


Eiji Toyoda

Toyoda was born on 12 September 1913 in Nagoya, Japan. He studied at Tokyo Imperial University. Toyoda was married to Kazuko Toyoda until her death in 2002. They had three children. Toyoda died on 17 September 2013 in Toyota, Aichi from natural causes, aged 100.

Erich Loest

Erich Loest (24 February 1926 – 12 September 2013) was a German writer. He also wrote under the pseudonyms Hans Walldorf, Bernd Diksen, and Waldemar Naß. From 1965 to 1975, he wrote eleven novels and 30 short stories, some under pseudonyms. In 1979 he was ostracized from East Germany and did not return until after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1990.

Loest was born on 24 February 1926 in Mittweida, Saxony. In his later years, Loest became seriously ill and announced at an Academy of Arts ceremony in 2010 that he did not have the strength to write another novel. On the morning of 12 September 2013, he committed suicide by falling from a second-floor hospital window in Leipzig, Saxony. He was 87 years old.

Cynewulf of Wessex

Cynewulf ( 786) was a West Saxon nobleman, a member of the West Saxon , and was King of Wessex from 757 until his death in 786.

Cynewulf was a member of the West Saxon witan. He led that council in expelling Sigeberht. Cynewulf was elected by the witan to rule Wessex in place of Sigeberht. He attested a at the court of King Æthelbald of Mercia. The charter was for Cynewulf to grant land to an abbot in Wiltshire. This indicates Wessex was still a dependency of Mercia. Æthelbald died a few months later. Taking advantage of this Cynewulf took back lands he lost in Berkshire and Wiltshire. Cynewulf was occupied during much of his reign in wars against the Welsh of Dumnonia. He was never able to conqueror Cornwall however. In 779, Cynewulf was defeated by Offa of Mercia at the Battle of Bensington. and Offa then retook Berkshire, and perhaps also London. Despite this defeat, there is no evidence to suggest Cynewulf became subject to Offa (as his successor, Beorhtric was).

In 786 Cynewulf was surprised and killed by Cyneheard, the brother of the king Sigeberht. The entry for the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for the year 784 (actual date 786) was: "This year Cyneheard slew [killed] king Cenewulf, and he was there slain, and eighty-four men with him; then Beorhtric succeeded to the kingdom of the West Saxons..." Cynewulf had a long reign of twenty-nine years. He died leaving no heirs.


Mengjiang United Autonomous Government

Mengjiang United Autonomous Government () was a puppet state of the Japanese Empire. It was located in inter Mongolia. The capital city was Kalgan.

It existed from 1939 to 1945. The ruler of the state was Demchugdongrub.

Andrea Palladio

Andrea Palladio (November 30, 1508 – August 19, 1580) was an Italian architect. He was born in Padua and died at Maser, near Treviso. He worked in and around Venice. He was influenced by Greek and Roman architecture. He influenced architects for centuries.

He wrote several books about architecture. His most famous buildings are: Villa Barbaro, Villa Capra "La Rotonda", Basilica Palladiana, Church of San Giorgio Maggiore, Il Redentore, and Teatro Olimpico.

Giovanni Battista Tiepolo

Giovanni Battista Tiepolo (March 5, 1696 – March 27, 1770) was an Italian decorative painter of the Baroque. He was born in Venice and died in Madrid. He had nine children upon his wife Maria Cecilia Guardi. Two of his three sons became his assistants; the third became a priest. He worked churches and palaces in Italy, Germany, and Spain.


Elegy for Brahms

Elegy for Brahms is a short orchestral work. It was written by Hubert Parry in 1897. It is in the key of A minor, and is marked "Maestoso espressivo - Largamente - Tempo primo". The work quotes Brahms's music in several places. 

It was first performed after Parry's death in October 1918 at a memorial concert for him at the Royal College of Music on 8 November 1918. It received its second performance in 1977. It has been recorded by Sir Adrian Boult and Matthias Bamert.

Das Lied von der Erde

Das Lied von der Erde is a piece of music and symphonic song cycle. It was written by Gustav Mahler in 1908-1909 as a symphony with sonata form. It is a large work of six separate songs for two voices and orchestra. It is based on Hans Bethge's "The Chinese Flute", an anthology of ancient Chinese poetry. It was first performed on November 20, 1911 in Munich.

Evaporating dish

An evaporating dish is used to evaporate solutions - that is, to turn them from a liquid state into a gaseous (gas) state. They are often made from ceramics.

Muhammed Ahmed

Muhammad Ahmad bin Abd Allah (12 August 1845 – 22 June 1885) was a religious leader of the Sufi Samaniyya order in Sudan. On 29 June 1881, he proclaimed himself as the Mahdi or messianic redeemer of the Islamic faith.

His proclamation came during a period of widespread resentment among the Arabic part of the Sudanese population. They resented the oppressive policies of their Turco-Egyptian rulers (who were also muslims).

There were messianic beliefs among the various Sudanese religious sects of the time. There were earlier Mahdist movements in West Africa, and Wahhabism and other puritanical forms of Islamic revivalism. The root cause of this was the growing military and economic dominance of the European powers throughout the 19th century.

The British influenced the Sudan, and had claimed it as a "Joint Anglo-Egyptian Condominion". In general, the British were behind the rule of the Khedives of the Muhammad Ali Pasha dynasty in Egypt. At the time of the Mahdi, Egypt and the Sudan were ruled jointly by Tewfik Pasha as recognised by the Ottoman Empire, and by the British. Britain's claim to the Sudan led to British forces being sent there after the Mahdi had beaten the forces of the Khedive. The British government appointed General Charles George Gordon ("Gordon pasha") to be Governor General of the Sudan, and that led to his famous death in Khartoum at the hands of the Mahdi's forces.

From his announcement of the Mahdiyya in June 1881 until the fall of Khartoum in January 1885, Muhammad Ahmad led a successful military campaign against the Turco-Egyptian government of the Sudan. The fighting ended with the death of Gordon in Khartoum. After Muhammad Ahmad's unexpected death on 22 June 1885, only six months after the conquest of Khartoum, his chief deputy took over the administration of the Sudan. Churchill says they had by then killed all the people capable of running the country.

The rule of Sudan by the Mahdists turned out badly for its people. Sudan's economy was all but destroyed, and the population had declined by about one-half because of famine, disease, persecution, and warfare. Millions died in the Sudan from the start of the Mahdist state to its fall. None of the country's traditional institutions or loyalties remained intact. Tribes had been divided in their attitudes toward Mahdism, religious brotherhoods had been weakened, and orthodox religious leaders had vanished.

In 1895, the British Government authorized Herbert Kitchener to launch a campaign to reconquer the Sudan. Britain provided men and matériel, while Egypt financed the expedition. The Anglo-Egyptian Nile Expeditionary Force included 25,800 men, 8,600 of whom were British. The remainder were troops belonging to Egyptian units, including six battalions recruited in southern Sudan.

An armed river flotilla escorted the force, which also had artillery support. In preparation for the attack, the British established army headquarters at Wadi Halfa. In March 1896, the campaign started. In September, Kitchener captured Dunqulah. The British then constructed a rail line from Wadi Halfa to Abu Hamad and an extension parallel to the Nile to transport troops and supplies to Berber. Anglo-Egyptian units fought and won various smaller engagements. Eventually, Kitchener's soldiers marched and sailed toward Omdurman.

In Omdurman, on 2 September 1898, the Sudanese leader, now known as the Khalifa, committed his 52,000-man army to a frontal assault against the Anglo-Egyptian force, which was massed on the plain outside the town. The outcome never was in doubt, largely because of superior British firepower. During the five-hour battle, about 11,000 Mahdists died, whereas Anglo-Egyptian losses amounted to 48 dead and fewer than 400 wounded.
Mopping-up operations took several years, but organized resistance ended when the Khalifa, who had escaped to Kurdufan, died fighting in battle at Umm Diwaykarat, November 1899. Many areas welcomed the downfall of his regime.


Sigeberht of Wessex

Sigeberht ( ) was a West Saxon nobleman and . He was King of Wessex from 756 to 757.

Sigeberht was a West Saxon atheling (prince) who in 756 succeeded Cuthred as King of Wessex. in 756. After ruling a year he was accused of unlawful acts and removed from power by the . This council was led by Cynewulf. This same council then elected Cynewulf to replace Sigeberht as king. Sigeberht was allowed to keep Hampshire and was supported there by the Cumbra. But Sigeberht then killed Cumbra and as a result was driven out of Hampshire. Sigeberht met his end while wandering in the great forest of the , killed by a herdsman. The herdsman killed Sigeberht in revenge for killing Cumbra.

This series of events formed the basis for the story of Cynewulf and Cyneheard. Thirty years later Cynewulf was killed by Cyneheard, the brother of Sigeberht. This was either in revenge for killing his brother or because Cyneheard was about to be expelled from Wessex.


Enrico Caruso

Enrico Caruso (February 25, 1873 – August 2, 1921) was an Italian operic tenor. He was born and died in Naples. He sang at La Scala and the Metropolitan Opera House. In 1987, he received a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.

David Wright (baseball)

David Wright is an American professional baseball player. He plays on the New York Mets of Major League Baseball. He plays third base. He wears number 5.

Wright was born on December 20, 1982 in Norfolk, Virginia. He was drafted by the Mets in the 2001 draft. He started playing in the minor leagues later that year.

Wright first played for the Mets in July 2004. Since that time, he has been the Mets regular third basemen. He has been in 7 all-star games. Wright was chosen as captain of the Mets in 2013


Enough Said (movie)

Enough Said is a 2013 American comedy movie directed and written by Nicole Holofcener. It is a romantic comedy with Julia Louis-Dreyfus, James Gandolfini (in one of his final film roles), Toni Collette, Catherine Keener, Ben Falcone, and Toby Huss. The movie was released to very positive reviews on September 18, 2013.


The Amazing Spider-Man 2

The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a 2014 superhero-action movie directed by Marc Webb. It is the sequel to the 2012 Spider-Man movie "The Amazing Spider-Man". Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone, Jamie Foxx, Dane DeHaan, Paul Giamatti, Martin Sheen, Denis Leary, Colm Feore, Chris Cooper, Sally Field, Chris Zylka, Marton Csokas, and Felicity Jones are in the cast.

Hans Zimmer composed the music for the movie. Spider-Man co-creator Stan Lee once again had a cameo appearance as a graduation guest. It was released on May 2, 2014.

Confident in his powers as Spider-Man, Peter Parker (Andrew Garfield) embraces his new role as a hero and spends time with Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone) in between protecting New York from criminals. However, his greatest battle yet is about to begin. With the emergence of Electro (Jamie Foxx), Peter must confront an enemy far more powerful than he is. And when his old friend Harry Osborn (Dane DeHaan) returns, Peter comes to realize that all his enemies have one thing in common: Oscorp.

Cuthred of Wessex

Cuthred ( ) was a West Saxon nobleman and . He was King of Wessex from 740 to 756. Cuthred succeeded in restoring much of the of Wessex. 

At the death of King Athelheard, his Cuthred became king. During the time of Athelheard much of Wessex had been lost to King Aethelbald of Mercia. Cuthred made it known he was not as weak a ruler as Athelheard and struggled against Aethelbald being his overlord. In the first three years of Cuthred's rule he warred with Mercia. In 743 Cuthred joined Aethelbald in fighting the Welsh. By all appearances this was a friendly alliance between the two kings. But the friendship soon ended. In 748 Cuthred's son, Cynric, tried to depose his father and died in the rebellion. According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, the rebellion was encouraged by the Mercian king.

Two years later in 750 Cuthred put down another rebellion by Athelhun, one of his . In the day-long battle, Athelhun had fewer men but was winning until he was severely wounded. In 752, Cuthred again tried to get free of King Aethelbald. This led to a battle at Burford where Cuthred, assisted by a now faithful Athelhun, met Aethelbald and his army. The battle ended up with Aethelbald fleeing the battlefield. From that time on Cuthred maintained independence from Mercia for the rest of his reign. Cuthred died in 756. But he left a much stronger Wessex free of Mercian rule. He was succeeded by Sigeberht.

The name of Cuthred's wife is unknown. His son:



2011 Joplin tornado

The 2011 Joplin tornado was a windy and dangerous EF5 tornado that hit Joplin, Missouri on the afternoon of May 22, 2011. It had winds of over 200 miles per hour. It killed 158 people and hurt 1,150 others. It caused $2.8 billion in damage. It is the costliest tornado to hit the United States. It was the third tornado to hit Joplin since May 1971. 


Alex (footballer, born January 1982)

Alex Henrique da Silva, better known as Alex (; born 6 January 1982), is an Armenian-Brazilian football player. He played as a defender for the club Mika Yerevan in the Armenian Premier League. He also played for the Armenian national team.

Alex Henrique da Silva started playing football for Botafogo-SP in 2011. This is his hometown's club. In 2005, he moved to São Carlos. After getting an Armenian passport, Alex moved to Armenia in the next season. He joined Mika Yerevan. Alex, with Mika, won the Armenian Cup in 2011 and the Armenian Supercup in 2012–13.

He became a member of the Armenian national team in 2012. Alex played in two 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification matches that year. The matches were against Malta and Bulgaria.

"Statistics accurate as of match played 31 May 2014"

 Mika Yerevan


São Miguel Island

São Miguel Island, named for the Archangel Michael (), is also referred to locally as "The Green Island", is the largest and most populous island in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. The island has around 138,000 inhabitants and its largest city, and in the archipelago, is Ponta Delgada.

In 1427, São Miguel became the second of the islands discovered by Gonçalo Velho Cabral to be settled by people from continental Portugal.

The first capital of the island was Vila Franca do Campo, which was devastated by a major earthquake and landslides in 1522. The tragedy helped to elevate Ponta Delgada to the administrative and economic status of capital and business centre from 1546.

With the Portuguese Restoration War (1640), the island became a commercial centre, establishing new contacts in Brazil. Some of the island’s historic buildings, including mansions and churches, date from this period; the island's development came from revenues from the export of oranges, mainly to Great Britain.

The period after the Liberal Wars allowed the economy to flourish, and the port of Ponta Delgada expanded, through the export of new crops such as tea, pineapple, and tobacco. The development of the fishing industry, cultivation of staple food and expansion of the dairy industry permitted the growth of many of the towns on the island.

The São Miguel Island has an area of . It is a narrow island; it is long (from southeast to northwest) and wide (from southwest to northeast).

The island, of volcanic nature and subject to activity, presents many mountains, mainly in the interior, dominated by the "Pico da Vara"; those mountains are cut by valleys, gullies and streams - the only waterways because there are not rivers.
The island consists of an ancient in the eastern end, and three stratovolcanoes: Sete Cidades, Fogo and Furnas. The stratovolcano of Sete Cidades is known for its large caldera () of in diameter and of mean depth; in it there are two small lakes ("Lagoa Verde" to the south and "Lagoa Azul" to north).

In the eastern part of the island is the Pico da Vara () - the highest mountain of the island - with of altitude. In the central area, is the Sierra de Água de Pau with 940 m height and on the west lies the Caldeira das Sete Cidades, 850 m altitude.

Lying at the eastern end of the island, Pico da Vara is the focus of a Special Protection Area containing the largest remaining laurisilva forest on the island, which is home to the endemic and critically endangered bird, the Azores Bullfinch.

Its fertile lands produce cereals, tea, grapes (for wine), fruits and food for cattle.

Similar to other islands in the Azores archipelago, São Miguel is influenced by ocean currents and winds, in particular, the Gulf Stream. It functions as a moderating force in the islands, keeping temperatures hovering between throughout the year. Rainfall is distributed evenly throughout the year, although it is most abundant in the cool season. The island's location also makes it susceptible to many Atlantic storms.

The Köppen climate classification subtype for the climate of Sâo Miguel Island, in Ponta Delgada, is Csb (Mediterranean Climate).

Most towns and cities are in plains, some along the coast and a few in the interior of the island. There are several communities within ancient craters (such as Sete Cidades, Furnas or Povoação), river valleys (such as Ribeira Chã, Pilar da Bretanha) or coastal deltas (Mosteiros).

There are two cities in the islands: Ponta Delgada and Ribeira Grande.

The island is divided in six municipalities ():

Power forward (basketball)

Power forward is a position in basketball.  Power forwards play a role similar to that of a center in what is called the "post" or "low blocks". They usually play offensively with their backs towards the basket and position themselves defensively under the basket in a zone defense or against the power forward from the other team in a man-to-man defense.

Tsubasa Imai

Imai works for the Japanese agency Johnny & Associates. He joined Johnny & Associates in 1995. He officially debuted in 2002 in the duo Tackey & Tsubasa with Hideaki Takizawa. They are signed under the record label Avex Trax.

Imai released his solo debut single "Backborn" on 24 February 2010.



Hideaki Takizawa

He is a member of the J-pop duo Tackey & Tsubasa from Tokyo. In 2012 he reached the age of 20 and completed his graduation from Johnny's Junior. In the same year he debuted with Tsubasa Imai in the group "Tackey & Tsubasa" under the record label Avex Trax.




Planets beyond Neptune

The planet Neptune was discovered in 1846. After this, many people thought that there might be more planets, which are further away from the sun than Neptune. In the early 20th century, Percival Lowell stated that there must be another planet-like body, farther out than Neptune. Lowell said that such a planet-like object could explain some irregularities in the orbits of the gas giants, in particular Uranus and Neptune. The gravity of a large unseen ninth planet could have perturbed Uranus enough to explain the irregularities. He called it "Planet X".

In 1930, Clyde Tombaugh discovered Pluto. This seemed to validate Lowell's hypothesis. Pluto was officially considered the ninth planet until 2006. There was a problem, however: In 1978, Pluto was found to be too small. Its gravity would be unable to affect the gas giants. This finding triggered a search for a tenth planet. The spacecraft Voyager 2 supplied new measurements in the early 1990s. These measurements showed that Pluto was even smaller than in the 1978 measurement. According to a scientific study published at the time, the error could explain the irregularities observed in Uranus's orbit. After the study had been published, the search was largely abandoned. 

After 1992, the discovery of many small icy objects with similar or even wider orbits than Pluto led to a debate over whether Pluto should remain a planet, or whether it and its neighbours should, like the asteroids, be given their own separate classification. Although a number of the larger members of this group were initially described as planets, in 2006 the International Astronomical Union reclassified Pluto and its largest neighbours as dwarf planets, leaving only eight planets in the Solar System. Pluto was taken as a model for a dwarf planet.

Today, the astronomical community widely agrees that Planet X, as originally envisioned, does not exist. A number of astronomers have used the concept of Planet X to explain other anomalies observed in the outer Solar System. In popular culture, and even among some astronomers, "Planet X" has become a stand-in term for any undiscovered planet in the outer Solar System, regardless of its relationship to Lowell's hypothesis. Other trans-Neptunian planets have also been suggested, based on different evidence.

Beyond the orbit of Neptune, there is a structure called the Kuiper belt. It contains objects called centaurs. Plutinos have also been discovered beyond the orbit of Neptune. Many of these were discovered between 1980 and 1992.

In 2004, the media again talked about the subject, when Sedna was discovered, twice as far from the sun than Pluto. Sedna is not a planet. In 2005, the discovery of Eris was announced. This was called a planet at first; but later reclassified. Today it is the biggest of the dwarf planets. Many other objects were discovered, but none of these is made of solid rock, they more resemble asteroids and comets.

As of 2013, it is possible that a planet outside the orbit of Neptune exists. If it does, it would have to meet the following conditions:

Different hypotheses have been put forward: A hypothetical star, located at about 50,000 AU distance, has been called "Nemesis". Nemesis might be either a red dwarf or a brown dwarf. In the original article, it was claimed Nemesis would orbit the sun at about 95,000 AU. The existence of Nemesis could explain events of mass extinction on earth which seem to occur at intervals of 26 million years. However, its existence is not necessary to explain the extinctions. There are actually fewer brown dwarfs in our cosmic neighborhood than previously thought. Rather than one star for every brown dwarf, there may be as many as six stars for every brown dwarf. The majority of solar-type stars are single.

A hypothetical planet, located in the Oort cloud has been called Tyche. Tyche would be at least as large as Jupiter, and could be up to ten time as large. Originally, it was postulated to be hundreds of times farther than Neptune, at a distance of between 30,000 to 50,000 AU.

In the year 2013, neither hypothesis could be proved.


Pietro Mascagni

Pietro Antonio Stefano Mascagni (December 7, 1863 – August 2, 1945) was an Italian composer. He was born in Livorno, Tuscany and died in Rome. In 1890, he wrote the one-act opera, "Cavalleria rusticana". This famous opera is often paired with Ruggero Leoncavallo's "I pagliacci". Mascagni also wrote "Iris", "L'amico Fritz", and other operas. He married Lina Carbognani in 1889. They had two sons and one daughter.

Combat Zone Wrestling

Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) is an independent professional wrestling company founded in 1999 by John Zandig. The company is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They are known for their hardcore wrestling style which is dubbed as "ultraviolence". The company holds an annual Tournament of Death show that highlights the ultraviolent style of CZW and their annual Best of the Best highlights the technical and aerial style of professional wrestling. They hold annual shows at the Asylum Arena which was the former home to Extreme Championship Wrestling.


Jean de Venette

Jean de Venette (circa 1307 – after 1360) was born in Venette, France. He was a chronicler of the Hundred Years' War. He also recorded the events of the Black Plague, the revolt of the Jacquerie, and other historical events that occurred in his lifetime. Venette studied at the University of Paris. He became a Carmelite friar and shared his knowledge with his fellow monks. Jean de Venette realized the importance of education and taught many monks how to read and write. He also wrote a history of the Order of the Carmelites.

Jean de Venette became the Prior of the Carmelite monastery in Paris from 1339 to 1342, and was the Provincial Superior of France from 1341 to 1366. This later title made him the head of all of the Carmelite monasteries in the Province.

About 1340, he began to write down historical events happening around him. He said he recorded them "...in great measure as I have seen and heard them". He describes a great famine that he witnessed at age seven or eight years old. He states it started on the 15th day of March in 1315 and lasted more than two years and ended in 1318."

In that same year of 1340 he describes a great comet that appeared in Gaul. He believed, as did many people in his time, that these events were warnings from God of bad things that would happen.

In 1341, de Venette states Prince John II of Brittany died.

In 1346 he announces that "King Edward of England set sail for Normandy with a great many armed men". 
In 1348, de Venette described the Black Plague and how brave the nuns were that cared for the people. Also how many of them died as a result of their dedication.

He wrote of battles between England and France during the Hundred Years' War where he was so close, "the arrows darkened the sky around him”. Some of these battles he described were the siege of Calais in 1347 and the Battle of Poitiers (1356) where the French King and his son were captured. He gives an account of what happened after Poitiers where he states that there seem to be no rule in the kingdom. He wrote that "thieves and robbers rose up everywhere in the land and the Nobles also robbed and pillaged the peasants and took no thought for the people but rather for their own profit".

He states that in 1356, he witnessed the people of Paris building walls around their city because they did not trust the Nobles to protect them. De Venette goes into great detail, stating that the "citizens placed iron chains across the streets and crossways of Paris". They also built new walls, dug great ditches and tore down houses near the walls whether they were new or old.

Jean de Venette's writings are considered very important because he was an eye witness to many historical events. His writings are detailed and vivid. Many of the other well-known chroniclers wrote about events much later then they actually happened and relied upon one-sided accounts. They were often commissioned by Kings and Nobles who wanted their particular point of view to be stressed.

Jean de Venette died after 1360.

Athelheard of Wessex

Athelheard, also spelled Æthelheard ( 740), was a West Saxon nobleman and . He was the King of Wessex from 726 until his death. He took the powerful kingdom of Wessex left to him by his father, Ine and gained a bit more from Mercia. He was seen as one of Wessex’s most powerful kings. 

In 740, he died probably due to food poisoning & was succeeded by his son, Cuthred.

When Ine stepped down as King of Wessex it caused a problem of succession. Ine's son had been killed rebelling against Ine a year earlier. Ine was now in his sixties and retired to Rome. He 'commended his kingdom to younger men'. It came down to a struggle between the two athelings, Oswald and Athelheard, Oswald was descended from Ceawlin. The same entry calls Athelheard kinsman to Ine. The two fought and Athelheard became king. In one charter Athelheard is called the brother of Ine's wife Atelburh.

In 733 Somerton was lost to King Aethelbald of Mercia. This was quickly followed by the territory beyond Selwood being lost to Mercia. Athelheard's authority was so weak that Aethelbald was able to give the Archbishop of Canterbury a gift of the monastery of Cookham in Berkshire (Wessex). Aethelbald also took Wiltshire, Sussex and much of the heartlands of Wessex. Athelheard could do nothing to prevent this loss. He also took part in Athelbald's wars with the Welsh. It seems Athelbald's wife, Frithugyth, was Mercian herself. In 737 she made a pilgrimage to Rome along with bishop Forthhere of Sherborne. Athelheard died in 740, his successor was his kinsman Cuthred.

He married Frithugyth. They had no known children.


Blurred Lines (song)

"Blurred Lines" is an R&B song by Robin Thicke. It has vocals by Pharrell and T.I. and was produced by Pharrell. It was released on March 26, 2013. It was the lead single from his album "Blurred Lines". It has reached number one in 14 countries. It became Thicke's most successful song, being his first to reach number one on the Hot 100. He had already peaked number 14 in 2007 with "Lost Without U".

"Blurred Lines" sold more than any other single in 2013. It sold over 1.44 million copies.

Two versions of the music video were made. The first version of the video was removed from YouTube for showing topless models Emily Ratajkowski, Elle Evans, and Jessi M'Bengue. In the second version the models are not topless. Several parodies were made. On November 12, the English pop singer Lily Allen released the video for her single "Hard Out Here". It featured Mylar balloons spelling out "Lily Allen has a baggy pussy", spoofing the balloons in Thicke's video saying "Robin Thicke has a big dick".

Thicke wanted the song to sound like Got to Give It Up by Marvin Gaye. Members of Gaye's family have accused Thicke, T.I. and Pharrell of illegal copying. Thicke offered the family a six-figure sum of money to end the lawsuit but they did not accept it.

The song was banned by twenty UK universities. Essex University students started a petition to have the song banned there too. Alice Smart, a Leeds Student Union officer, said, “I’m proud that we’ve taken the decision to stop playing ‘Blurred Lines’ in our bars and clubs because the song undermines real and dangerous issues around consent. Just because the song has been commercially successful doesn’t mean we have to play it knowing that it offends a high proportion of our students.” Thicke responded on "The Today Show" to feminist criticism of the song by saying, "If you listen to the lyrics it says 'That man is not your maker.' It's actually a feminist movement in itself". He also said in an interview with the BBC that criticism of the lyrics by a rape charity is 'ridiculous'.

Thicke has said that he would like to do another song with T.I. and Pharrell.

On December 26, 2013, Rob Sheffield wrote for "Rolling Stone" that "Blurred Lines" was the worst song not just of the year, but of any year.

In December 2013, "Blurred Lines" was nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance and Record of the Year at the Grammy Awards.

The video for "Blurred Lines" was the seventh most watched video on VEVO in 2013.

Arthus reaction

In immunology, the Arthus reaction is a kind of local allergic reaction, when antibodies react to a chemical or protein in a person's blood, and have the antibodies get stuck in the walls of blood vessels in organs such as the heart, in joints, and kidneys.

The Arthus reaction was discovered by Nicolas Maurice Arthus in 1903. Arthus repeatedly injected ingredients of horse blood under the skin of rabbits. After four injections, he found that there was swelling and that the mixture was absorbed slowly. Further injections eventually led to dying of cells.

Arthus reactions have been infrequently reported after diphtheria and tetanus toxoid vaccinations. They are rare and can cause pain, swelling, bleeding, and occasionally death of tissue within 4–12 hours after the vaccine is given.


Installation art

Installation art is a style of visual art that uses three-dimensional objects. These artworks are usually meant to change the perception of a space (the way a space is seen). Installation artworks can be permanent or temporary and are shown in museums, galleries or in public spaces.

Some of the earliest installation artworks were Marcel Duchamp's "readymade" objects. However, the real development started in the 1970s. Today, with the improvement of technology, artists use and mix new medias and may involve sensors too in order to make the visitors interact with the installations.


Joakim Nordström

Joakim Nordström (born February 25, 1992) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre. He is currently playing for Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played in the NHL for the Chicago Blackhawks and in the Elitserien (SEL) for AIK IF.

He debuted in the SEL on 23 September 2010 in a game against Södertälje SK. He was drafted 90th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. On January 5, 2012, he won the gold medal with Sweden during the 2012 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships.

On May 29, 2012, he was signed a three-year, entry-level contract with the Blackhawks but remained with AIK for the 2012–13 season.

On March 13, 2015, Nordström was suspended for two games for boarding after hitting Arizona Coyotes defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson.

On June 15, 2015, he won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Tampa Bay Lightning in six games.

On September 11, 2015, Nordström was traded along with Kris Versteeg to the Carolina Hurricanes in exchange for a 3rd round draft pick in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft. Nordström and Versteeg were traded because the Blackhawks had to make cap space for Marcus Kruger.


WataMote

The series follows fifteen-year-old Tomoko Kuroki during her time in high school as she tries to change from an unsociable loner into a popular teenager.

The anime started broadcasting in Japan on July 8, 2013 and ended on September 23, 2013. The anime was directed by Shin Ōnuma and is written by Takao Yoshioka. An original video animation episode was released with the seventh manga volume on October 22, 2014.


Vampire Weekend

Vampire Weekend is an indie rock band. They have released three albums. Their 2011 album "Contra" was nominated for Best Alternative Music Album at the Grammy Awards. Their third studio album, "Modern Vampires of the City", was released on May 14, 2013. It was nominated for a Grammy for Best Alternative Music Album. Pitchfork gave the album a score of 9.3 out of 10. Rolling Stone put it at number one on their list of 50 Best Albums of 2013.


Pentatomidae

Pentatomidae, Greek "pente" meaning "five" and "tomos" meaning "section", is a family of stink bugs. There are about 4,700 species in the family.

In agriculture, many stink bugs and shield bugs are considered pest insects, because they can damage crops, and are not easily killed by pesticides.


Draco (lawgiver)

Draco (7th century BC) , also known as Dracon was the first legislator of the city of Athens in Ancient Greece. He wrote laws that were to be enforced only by a court. This constitution replaced the system of oral law and blood feuding that had ruled Athens since the city was founded. Draco's laws were known for being harsh. The word draconian has come to mean unforgiving rules or laws.

Draco created this legal system during the 39th Olympiad, in about 622 or 621 BC. The laws ( - "thesmoi") he set formed the first written constitution of Athens. They were displayed in public, so that nobody would be unaware of them. The death penalty was the punishment for most crimes, even minor ones. Plutarch states: "It was a lot for himself, when asked why he had fixed the punishment of death for most offences, answered that he considered these lesser crimes to deserve it, and he had no greater punishment for more important ones."

Not much is known about Draco's life or who he was. The 10th-century Suda text tells a legendary story of his death. He was said to have died on the stage of the theatre in Aegina. In a traditional ancient Greek show of approval, his supporters threw so many hats and pieces of clothing onto his head that he suffocated.

All of Draco's laws, except the law concerning murder, were abolished by Solon in the early 6th century BC.


Draco

Draco can mean several things:


Lunar Society of Birmingham

The Lunar Society was an important club in the Midlands of 18th century England. It was a dinner club, and a learned society. Its members were industrialists and inventors, natural philosophers (scientists), and other intellectuals. They met regularly in Birmingham and elsewhere from 1765 to 1813. 

The name arose because the society met during the full moon. The extra light made the journey home easier and safer in the absence of street lighting. The members cheerfully referred to themselves as "lunarticks", a pun on lunatics. Venues included Erasmus Darwin's home in Lichfield, Matthew Boulton's home, Soho House, and Great Barr Hall.

It leading members were Matthew Boulton, Erasmus Darwin, Thomas Day, Richard Lovell Edgeworth, Samuel Galton, Jr., James Keir, Joseph Priestley, William Small, Jonathan Stokes, James Watt, Josiah Wedgwood, John Whitehurst and William Withering. Other great men of the day visited, or corresponded with, the Society. It had no formal membership list, and was flexible in its arrangements. Anyone could be invited.

The club was seriously affected by the Priestly Riots of July 1791, which started in Birmingham, and spread. Some of the Society were personally attacked; Priestley's house was burned to the ground. The causes of the riots are not entirely clear, but for sure the rioters were against "freethinkers and dissenters". They were stirred up by being told that the dissenters were in favour of the French Revolution.

Matthew Boulton

Matthew Boulton FRS (3 September 1728 – 17 August 1809) was an English manufacturer and the business partner of Scottish engineer James Watt.

In the last quarter of the 18th century, the partnership installed hundreds of Boulton & Watt steam engines. A great advance on the state of the art, they made possible the mechanisation of factories and mills. Boulton applied modern techniques to the minting of coins, striking millions of pieces for Britain and other countries, and supplying the Royal Mint with up-to-date equipment.

Born in Birmingham in 1728, Boulton was the son of a Birmingham manufacturer of small metal products who died when Boulton was 31. By then Boulton had managed the business for several years, and he expanded it considerably at the Soho Manufactory, built by him near Birmingham.

When Watt's business partner, John Roebuck was unable to pay a debt to Boulton, he accepted Roebuck's share of Watt's patent as settlement. He then successfully lobbied Parliament to extend Watt's patent for an additional 17 years. This enabled the firm to market Watt's steam engine. The firm installed hundreds of Boulton & Watt steam engines in Britain and abroad, initially in mines and then in factories.

Boulton was a key member of the Lunar Society, a group of Midlands men in the arts, sciences, and theology. Members included Watt, Erasmus Darwin, Josiah Wedgwood and Joseph Priestley. The Society met each month near the full moon. Members of the Society developed concepts and techniques in science, agriculture, manufacturing, mining, and transport that laid the groundwork for the Industrial Revolution.

Boulton founded the Soho Mint, which he adapted to steam power. He sought to improve the poor state of Britain's coinage. After several years of effort obtained a contract in 1797 to produce the first British copper coinage in a quarter century. His "cartwheel" pieces were well-designed and difficult to counterfeit, and included the first striking of the large copper penny, which continued to be coined until decimalisation in 1971. He retired in 1800, though continuing to run his mint, and died in 1809. His image appears alongside James Watt on the Bank of England's new Series F £50 note.

Peasants' Revolt

The Peasants' Revolt was a rebellion of peasants in England, in 1381. It was the biggest rebellion of farmers in medieval England. 

The Peasants’ Revolt is also called Wat Tyler's Rebellion, after Wat Tyler, who was a local leader of the peasants in the rebellion. It has also been called the Great Rising. 

The causes of the rebellion are unclear today, but there are different candidates:

There were two types of peasants: serfs and free peasants. 

Serfs were tenant farmers who worked without pay for a lord. In exchange, they got permission to live on the lord’s land. They also got protection from the knights living on the lord’s manor. Under feudalism, serfs had many difficulties. They barely had enough food to live on, and they had few possessions. They were not slaves, but they were not completely free. Serfs had less than any of the other social classes in medieval society.

Though they had more freedoms than serfs, life was also difficult for free peasants. Even though they were "free," they were still controlled by the higher social classes. They had to pay rent to live "free." They had to pay for many other things too, like collecting water or getting married.

Most peasants lived in houses which also housed the animals of the village.


Fifty years later, most of Wat Tyler's demands were put into place by the king.

Leas Cliff Hall

Leas Cliff Hall is an entertainment and function venue in Folkestone, on the Kent coast of England.

The Leas Shelter was built in 1894. In 1924, it was decided that a larger hall was needed. 28 months later, the building was finished. It was opened on 13 July 1927 by Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester.

The opening concert was performed by the Folkestone Municipal Orchestra. One thousand people attended.
It was closed for modernisation and refurbishment on 16 September 1980. It re-opened on 6 May 1981 in the form that it is today.

Dirty rap

Dirty rap (also called porn rap or dirty hip hop) is a type of music that mixes rap with sexual content. Some notable artists include Plies, Lil Wayne, Lil' Kim, The Notorious B.I.G., Ludacris and Nicki Minaj.

East Coast hip hop

East Coast hip hop is a type of hip hop music that comes from the East Coast of the United States. It originated in New York during the 1970s. East Coast hip hop only became a distinct subgenre after artists from other regions of the United States emerged with different styles.



Food photography

Food photography is art made by taking photos of food. These photos are sometimes used for menus in restaurants, but they can also be used for advertising, or in a cookbook. System catering also needs images of their food. There are a number of techniques that are used when taking pictures of food, for example, when taking pictures of soft drinks, fake ice cubes are put in the drink instead of real ones, because real ice cubes would melt quickly.

Ine of Wessex

Ine (26 March 670 - 728) was a West Saxon nobleman who was King of Wessex from 688 to 726. He established Wessex as a true kingdom by introducing a code of laws. He strengthened the position of the Church in Wessex. He was seen as one of Wessex's greatest & most powerful kings especially his long & successful reign & ahead of his predecessor. That is until Alfred the Great took that title away & made Ine second.

Just like Caedwalla, in 726, Ine abdicated the throne to go to Rome in Italy where he died there 2 years later. He was succeeded by his son, Athelheard.

Ine was the son of Cenred, an of Wessex. Bede says of Ine that he was "an atheling". His brother was Ingild, ancestor of Alfred the Great. His sister Cuthburh was married to King Aldfrith of Northumbria. She was the founder of Wimborne abbey.

The former king, Caedwalla, was one of Wessex's more important military leaders. When he abdicated in 688 it left a power vacuum. Wessex was broken up into several sub-kingdoms. Each was ruled by a underking. Ine many have started as a sub-king but before long was able to establish himself as the sole ruler of Wessex. Ine reorganized Wessex and established a system of shires. He removed the positions of sub-kings, or underkings, and replaced them with . In many respects Ine was the first true king of Wessex.

Ine wrote his laws between 688 and 694 He mentions in the bishop Erconwald who helped him. This is Erconwald who from 675 to 694 was bishop of Essex (London). He was replaced in 994 by Waldhere. But the mention of Ine's father still being alive points to the laws being written earlier in this period rather than later. The laws of Ine are the first set of laws for the Saxons of Wessex. There were earlier law codes in Wessex. But none covered as wide a range of situations as a king or his officers might have to deal with. For the next two centuries there were no law codes written after those of Ine. Not until Alfred the Great was a more extensive law code created.

In 705 the king of Essex was sheltering from Wessex. This created a serious problem between the two kings. But finally the exiles were expelled after a threat by Ine to invade the East Saxon territory. A similar situation occurred in 722 when an exile named Ealdbert was received in Sussex. Ine invaded sussex as a result. In 725 Ine invaded again and this time Ealdberht was killed. 
In 710 Ine was at war with Geraint, king of Dumnonia. This was part of his campaign against the Britons and expanding the borders of Wessex west to the River Tamar. But he was unable to conqueror Cornwall. Ine was defeated by the Cornish in 722 at the Tamar river. All through his reign Ine seems to have been on good terms with the Mercians. There is only one incident; a battle at Wodnesbeorg in 715 between Ine and Ceolred, King of Mercia. But the only source for this informaiton, the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle does not say who won.

Ine was a strong supporter of the Church. While he resisted the creation of a second bishopric at Sherborne, he did support the first bishop there in 705, bishop Aldhelm. Ine supported the creation of an organized church in Wessex. Formerly it was just scattered monasteries and churches. Many of Ine's laws concerned the spiritual welfare of his people. He law required baptism within thirty days of a child's birth, no working on sundays and the paying of church dues at Martinmas. The first synods in Wessex trace back to his reign. The oldest surviving records shows Ine presided over these church councils.

In spite of his power and all the things he did near the end of his long reign he had internal problems. There was among several of the West Saxon athelings. In 721 Ine killed a Cynewulf. For what reason is not clear, but it was at this time Ealdbert fled Wessex. In 722 he was besieged by Ine's queen, Ethelburg at Taunton. The queen's involvement seems to indicate Ealdbert was a member of the family, possibly their son. He escaped only to be killed three years later (see above). Whatever their relationship, Ine seems to have become very tired. In 726 he abdicated the throne and went to Rome. Less than two years later (728) he died there. He stated he was leaving the kingdom "to younger men" and made no attempt to name an heir. He was succeeded by Athelheard.

There is no mention in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle of Ine's wife or children. Ine's brother and two sisters are recorded:



Hitachi

Hitachi is a large Japanese manufacturing company. It was created in Tokyo in 1910. Hitachi is involved with small electrical items and large-scale projects, including one of the nuclear reactors at the Fukushima nuclear power plant.


Westgate shopping mall attack

On 21 September 2013, ten gunmen attacked Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi, Kenya. The attack lasted until 24 September. The attackers held hostages and later fought in gun battles with Kenyan security forces. A total of 72 people were killed, including 61 civilians, 6 Kenyan soldiers and 5 attackers. Over 200 people were injured.

The Islamist group al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. It said that it was in retaliation for the Kenyan military's role in the Somali Civil War. Newly released intelligence report named Kenyan commander and chief in attack.

Eurovision Song Contest 2014

The Eurovision Song Contest was held in Copenhagen, Denmark. The competition went to Denmark, after Emmelie de Forest won the Eurovision Song Contest 2013. The first semifinal took place on 6 May 2014, the second semifinal on 8 May 2014 and, the Grand final was held on 10 May 2014.

Spain, France, and Denmark will vote in this semi-final. The top 10 countries will qualify to the final.

Germany, Italy, and the United Kingdom will vote in this semi-final. The top 10 countries will qualify to the final.

Amber alert

An AMBER Alert is a system that warns people about children who have been kidnapped. It started in the United States in 1996. It was named for Amber Hagerman, a nine-year-old girl who was kidnapped and killed in Arlington, Texas. It is a backronym for America's Missing: Broadcast Emergency Response. Similar systems have been started in other countries, including Canada, Mexico, Australia, and Europe.

AMBER alerts are often shown on electronic message signs on highways. This often causes bad traffic due to drivers stopping to look at the message. They are also shown on television and heard on radio.

AMBER alerts are issued by police organizations in the state that the kidnapping happens in. They have the name and a description of the child who was kidnapped, a description of the person who police think kidnapped the child, and if available, a description and license plate number of the vehicle of the person who kidnapped the child.


Aníbal Cavaco Silva

Aníbal António Cavaco Silva, GCC (born 15 July 1939) served as the 19th President of Portugal. He served from 2006 to 2016. He won the Portuguese presidential election on 22 January 2006 and was re-elected on 23 January 2011, for a second five-year term. Cavaco Silva was sworn in on 9 March 2006.

He was previously Prime Minister of Portugal from 6 November 1985 to 28 October 1995. His tenure of ten years was the longest of any Prime Minister since Salazar, and he was the first Portuguese Prime Minister to have won an absolute parliamentary majority under the current constitutional system (which was established after the country's redemocratization following the Carnation Revolution).

Silva was born on 15 July 1939 in Boliqueime, Portugal. He studied at Technical University of Lisbon and at the University of York. Silva has been married to Maria Cavaco Silva since 1963. They have two children. He lived in Belém Palace.

Jalal Talabani

Jalal Talabani (12 November 1933 – 3 October 2017) was a leading Kurdish politician. He served as President of Iraq from 2005 to 2014. He was the first non-Arab president of Iraq, although Abdul Karim Qasim was of partial Kurdish heritage.

Talabani was the founder and secretary general of one of the main Kurdish political parties, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK). He was a prominent member of the Interim Iraq Governing Council, which was established following the overthrow of the Saddam Hussein regime by the invasion of Iraq in 2003. Talabani has been an advocate for Kurdish rights and democracy in Iraq for more than 50 years.

Apart from his native Kurdish, Talabani is fluent in Arabic, Persian, and English. Talabani is a member of the Socialist International.

Talabani was born on 12 November 1933 in Kelkan, Iraq. He studied at the University of Baghdad. He is married to Hero Ibrahim Ahmed. They have one son, Qubad.

On 18 December 2012 Talabani suffered a stroke and was in intensive care in Baghdad where his condition eventually stabilized after reports that he was in a coma. A statement on the President's official website said that he was being treated for blocked arteries. On 20 December, Talabani's condition has improved enough to allow travel to Germany for treatment.

Talabani died of a cerebral hemorrhage as complications from a stroke at a hospital in Berlin on 3 October 2017 at the age of 83.


British Darts Organisation

The British Darts Organisation is a group that organises darts tournaments for amateurs and professionals. It is also called BDO. There are 66 member counties in Britain.

The BDO was founded on 7 January 1973 by Olly Croft. The BDO is a founder member of the World Darts Federation. The BDO organised the first World Professional Darts Championship in 1978.

Fishbourne Roman Palace

Fishbourne Roman Palace (or Fishbourne Villa) is a huge Roman villa from the 1st century AD, about thirty years after the Roman conquest of Britain. It is near the south coast in the village of Fishbourne, Chichester in West Sussex. It was built on the site of a Roman army supply base built during Claudian invasion in 43 AD. 

The palace is by far the largest known Roman residence north of the Alps. At about 500 feet (150 m) square, it is larger than Buckingham Palace. It is about the size of Nero's Golden House in Rome or the Roman villa at Piazza Armerina in Sicily. In plan it closely mirrors the layout of the emperor Domitian's palace, the Domus Flavia, completed in AD 92 on the Palatine Hill in Rome.

The rectangular palace surrounded formal gardens, the northern half of which have been reconstructed. There were extensive alterations in the 2nd and 3rd centuries, with many of the original black and white mosaics being overlaid with more sophisticated coloured work, including the perfectly preserved dolphin mosaic in the north wing. More alterations were in progress when the palace burnt down in around 270, after which it was abandoned.

One theory is that it was built for Sallustius Lucullus, a Roman governor of Britain of the late 1st century. Two inscriptions recording the presence of Lucullus have been found in nearby Chichester and the dating of the palace to the early AD 90s, would fit. If the palace was designed for Lucullus, then he may have only used it for a few years: the Roman historian Suetonius says Lucullus was executed by the delusional emperor Domitian in or shortly after AD 93.


Bugsy Malone

Bugsy Malone is a British criminal comedy musical movie from 1976. It was directed by Alan Parker. It is set in 1929 in New York City. The story is very loosely based on events in New York City from the early 1920s to 1931 in the Prohibition Era. It is about gangsters like Al Capone and Bugs Moran. The movie feature only child actors. The singing voices are provided by adults. It was aimed at an audience of children. Jodie Foster and Scott Baio acted in the movie.

Funk Volume

Funk Volume was an independent record label and production company. It produced hip hop music. It was founded in 2009 by rapper Hopsin and Damien "Dame" Ritter. So far, Funk Volume has signed artists such as Dizzy Wright, Jarren and Hopsin. They have released 2 albums under Funk Volume.

Funk Volume began in 2009 after Hopsin left Ruthless Records. Before he launched it, he made a mixtape to promote the label.

Sam Ruben

Samuel Ruben (born Charles Rubenstein, November 5, 1913 – September 28, 1943) was an American scientist who discovered more things about photosynthesis. With Martin Kamen, he co-discovered the synthesis of the isotope carbon-14 in 1940.

Eartham Pit, Boxgrove

Boxgrove Quarry, once a gravel quarry, is now a Palaeolithic archaeological site. It is at Boxgrove in the English county of West Sussex. It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest.

When excavations began in 1983, flint tools 500,000 years old were discovered. At that time this was the oldest evidence of humans discovered in the UK. In 2005 flint tools 700,000 years old were discovered at Pakefield, and in 2010 flint tools at least 800,000 years old were discovered at Happisburgh. However, Boxgrove remains a site of great importance, for many reasons. The tools were found in a largely undisturbed state, "in situ" in their prehistoric landscape. The tools and evidence of the landscape were buried several metres down.

There were many well-preserved animal bones, many flint artifacts, and hominid bones which are among some of the most ancient found in Europe. Several of the animal bones are the oldest found specimens of their species, such as the wing bone of the Great Auk found at the site in 1989. The combination of bones, stone artifacts, and the geology of the landscape gives a very complete picture of the coastal plain as it existed half a million years ago.

Parts of the site complex were excavated between 1983 and 1996 by a team led by Mark Roberts of the Institute of Archaeology, University College London. The site is in an area that features a buried chalk cliff that overlooked a flat beach (which contained a waterhole) stretching around half a mile (1 km) south to the sea.

In 1994 archaeologists unearthed a lower hominin tibia bone at the Boxgrove quarry site. This partial leg bone is dated to between 478,000 and 524,000 years old. Several teeth were also found. These remains were assigned to "Homo heidelbergensis", an early proto-human species which occupied France and Great Britain. Both were connected by a land bridge at the time.

Armide

Armide is an opera. The music was written by Jean-Baptiste Lully. The words were written by Philippe Quinault. The story of the opera is based on "Jerusalem Delivered" by Torquato Tasso. It was first performed February 15, 1686 by the Paris Opéra at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal. It was revived several times in the 18th century. The story is about an enchantress named Armide and her love for a knight named Renaud.

Tartuffe

Tartuffe, or The Imposter () is a play in verse by Molière. It was first performed on May 12, 1664 at Versailles. It is about a religious hypocrite.

The Imaginary Invalid

The Imaginary Invalid is a play by Molière. It was first performed on February 10, 1673 at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal in Paris. It is about a man who thinks he is very ill and spends his money on doctors. The play has short ballets with music by Marc-Antoine Charpentier.

The Misanthrope

The Misanthrope, or The Cranky Lover is a play by Molière. It was first performed on June 4, 1666 at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal, Paris. The play is about a man with idealistic but unrealistic values. He always tells the truth. His friends are not pleased with this trait because they think he should tell little white lies to spare others the truth.

Dom Juan

Dom Juan, or The Feast with a Stone Statue is a play by Molière. It was first performed on February 15, 1660, in the Theatre of the Palais-Royal, Paris. The play is about the legendary libertine, Don Juan. It ends with him going to Hell when he refuses to repent his sins. The play was one of the source materials used by Lorenzo da Ponte and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart when they wrote the opera, "Don Giovanni". 

The Miser

The Miser is a play by Molière. It was first performed on September 9, 1668, in the theatre of the Palais-Royal in Paris. The play is based on the Latin comedy "Aulularia" by Plautus. It is also based on Italian comedies of Molière's times. The play is about the silly situations in the home of a penny-pinching old man. 

Viktor Zinger

Viktor Aleksandrovich Zinger (29 October 1941 — 24 September 2013) was an ice hockey goaltender who played in the Soviet Hockey League. Zinger was a five-time world champion and also won the gold medal with the Soviet ice hockey team at the 1968 Winter Olympics. Zinger was inducted into the Russian and Soviet Hockey Hall of Fame in 1967.

He died on September 24, 2013 in Moscow, Russia.


Les Précieuses ridicules

The Doctor in Spite of Himself

The Doctor in Spite of Himself is a play by Molière. It was first performed in 1666. It is about a drunkard who pretends to be a doctor.

The School for Wives

The School for Wives () is a play by Molière. It was first performed in December 1662 at the Palais Royal theatre.


The Learned Ladies

The Learned Ladies () is a five-act play by Molière. It was first performed on March 11, 1672 at Théâtre du Palais-Royal. It is a satire written in verse about women's education.


Le Bourgeois gentilhomme

Le Bourgeois gentilhomme is a comedy ballet by Molière. It was first performed in 1670. It is about a middle class man who aspires to be a member of the upper class. The music was written by Jean-Baptiste Lully.

Monsieur de Pourceaugnac

Monsieur de Pourceaugnac is a play by Molière. It was first performed 1669. It is a comedy-ballet. The music was written by Jean-Baptiste Lully. 

Extra-sensory perception

Extra-sensory perception (ESP) is being able to know things without using the recognized physical senses. 

The study of extra-sensory perception is part of parapsychology. Almost all scientists think of it as pseudoscience.



History of science

The history of science is the study of the historical development of science and scientific knowledge. The English word "scientist" is relatively recent first coined by William Whewell in the 19th century. Previously, people investigating nature called themselves "natural philosophers".

Science is a body of knowledge about the natural world, produced by scientists who observe, explain, and predict real world phenomena. Historiography of science, in contrast, often draws on the historical methods. 

Facts about the natural world have been described since classical antiquity. Ancient Greece is perhaps most famous for its contributions to astronomy and mathematics. Aristarchus of Samos came up with the idea of the Sun at the centre of what we now call the Solar system many centuries before Galileo.
Others, like Thales and Aristotle were interested in the natural world.

Scientific methods have been used since the Middle Ages (Roger Bacon), but the dawn of modern science is often traced back to the early modern period and in particular to the scientific revolution that took place in 16th- and 17th-century Europe. Important figures in the development of modern science include Isaac Newton, Johannes Kepler, Robert Boyle, Charles Darwin, Wilhelm Roux and Albert Einstein.

Scientific methods are so fundamental to modern science that some consider earlier inquiries into nature to be "pre-scientific". Traditionally, historians of science have defined science sufficiently broadly to include those inquiries.

The natural sciences are these:

There are various applied sciences which depend on one of more of the natural sciences. Medicine is an example.


Lockheed T-33

The Lockheed T-33 Shooting Star is a US military jet aircraft. It was used as a training aircraft. It was designed and built by adding a second seat to the P-80 Shooting Star. It was used by many countries in the world and built under licence in Canada and Japan. The last one retired in 2017. More than a hundred are on display in museums around the world.

Fat Girl

À ma sœur! (English title For My Sister and Fat Girl) is a melodramatic-erotic 2001 French-Italian movie. The subjects in this movie are sex, obesity and relations. The movie was not rated by the MPAA. It has explicit sexual content and violent material.

Oras (company)

Oras Oy is a Finnish manufacturer of bathroom and kitchen faucets. It is in Rauma. It was established in 1945. In 2012, there were 920 workers.

Oras is the fourth-largest manufacturer of faucets in Europe. It makes 30–80% of the faucets in Finland.


Bath, Maine

Bath is a city in the U.S. state of Maine. It is close to Portland. At the 2020 census, 8,766 people lived in Bath. Bath was incorporated as a town in February 1781. It became a city in 1847.

Social isolation

Social isolation is having little or no contact with society. It often comes from being rejected by society. It is different to loneliness, which comes from a temporary lack of contact. Social isolation is different because it lasts a long time and is done on purpose. Social isolation sometimes begins early in life. It is often caused from being unemployed, sick or discriminated. Anybody of any age can be affected.

Social isolation can mean staying home alone for a long time. Not seeing or speaking with anybody, even on the phone - this includes not answering if the call or try to talk first. Social isolation can also mean not having relationships, friendships or family connections that last a long time.

The reasons for social isolation can begin at any stage in life, including early childhood. Growing up brings many emotions that are hard to deal with, this can cause people to stop sharing all of their feelings, which makes them feel alone from a young age.

Older people are more likely to be affected by social isolation. This can be because with old age health of both the mind and the body get worse, making it harder to be in contact with society; old people are also more likely to not have a lot of money which can cause problems. Also, death of loved ones comes with old age, this doesn’t only make their social circle smaller, but also makes it more difficult for them to socialise again, as it can be emotionally painful.

Some data shows that Gay, Lesbian and Transgender people are more likely to be socially isolated because they are less likely to have children and start their own family and because they might no longer be accepted by their relatives and friends because of homophobia.

Social isolation in people might have gone up because more and more people are starting to live alone, as it is becoming normal in the modern world after the middle of the 20th century. However, it is important to not confuse living alone and feeling lonely as social isolation – they can just be causes.

There are many more reasons for people to stop contact with society:


Social isolation can affect people of all ages, but signs are different for different ages. If social isolation lasts for long periods of time, similar a serious illness, it can cause many bad effects such as loneliness, low self confidence and fear of other people. It can be both an effect and also a cause for illnesses of the mind such as depression and anxiety.

People’s personal lives are affected too – relationships with loved ones may fall apart, this can lead to feelings of guilt and shame. Those feelings can lead to serious illnesses such as depression. When people realise that they are socially isolated, sometimes they have feelings of extreme nervousness, which may make them isolate even more.

A study from 2013 found that social isolation can cause death just as much as “smoking, obesity, elevated blood pressure, and high cholesterol” because social isolation badly affects health. Social isolation can cause stress, unhealthy eating and lower people's wishes to take care of themselves; in extreme cases these things can lead to death.

Social isolation has also been shown to physically change the brain. Studies have shown that it changes the part of the brain for learning and memory. Social isolation also changes the brain’s ability to produce different chemicals that impact mood, it makes it difficult for the brain to produce chemicals that make people happy - Dopamine.

Scientists do not agree on if the internet changes how social isolation can affect us, there is a high level of disagreement because this is a new topic to research. However, studies have found that internet use did not have a bad effect on people’s social circles, in fact, using the internet made people’s social circles bigger and friendships closer, making social isolation less likely. Talking using the internet makes communication easier by removing barriers such as not being able to walk outside because of an illness, because of this it can lead to lower levels of social isolation.


Runaway (dependent)

A runaway is a child or minor who has left their parents or legal guardians without permission. A person who runs away usually does so because of problems in the family. Girls run away more often than boys. 

It looks like the following makes children run away most often: 


In 9 out of 10 cases (89%), other children give a child the idea to run away. 

When the runaway children were asked, half of them said, that at least one parent had a problem with alcohol; a third said, at least one parent was addicted to drugs.

Running away will cause problems for the child: About half of the children that run away will no longer go to school. These children also have a higher risk of becoming criminals, or victims. Most will become homeless. They have a high risk of becoming addicted to drugs, of catching sexually transmitted infections, of having an unwanted pregnancy, of suffering from depression, of trying to commit suicide, and of being exposed to sexual exploitation. Post-traumatic stress disorder is more common in runaway youths. Trauma generally begins with runaway youth's experiences within the family and is increased by prolonged traumatic events. The likelihood of depression among female runaways is related to family conflict and communication. Depression in male runaways is typically related to the father being an alcoholic and poor family relationships. Negative interactions within the family appear to greatly influence depressive symptoms for both genders.


Warsaw Metro

Warsaw Metro is a metro system in Poland.

Its first line was opened in 1995, with another section being added in 2008. It has 21 stations. The next two stations are being planned. 

In 2015, a second line was opened. There are 27 stations in the second line.

Water pollution

Water pollution is the pollution of bodies of water, such as lakes, rivers, seas, the oceans, as well as groundwater. It occurs when pollutants reach these bodies of water, without treatment. Waste from homes, factories and other buildings get into the water bodies and as a result water gets polluted.

Water pollution is a problem for the species and ecosystems there. It affects plants and organisms living in the water. In almost all cases the effect is damaging not only to individual species and populations, but also to the wider biological communities. The color is usually green or brown but normal water can be blue.

Agriculture is one of the major sources of water pollution. The fertilizers given to the crops for better growth are washed into rivers and lakes, which in turn pollutes the water.

There are many chemicals that are naturally found in these bodies of water. Today water may be polluted by nitrates, phosphates, oil, acid rain, and debris such as sediment, fallen logs and so on. When people and animals drink water from such rivers, the poisonous chemicals may affect them. Life in rivers is also affected, and humans who consume fish may also have health problems.


Treaty of Ghent

The Treaty of Ghent was the peace treaty that ended the War of 1812 between the United States of America and the United Kingdom. It was signed on 24 December 1814 in the Flemish city of Ghent. The treaty restored the borders of the two countries to the line before the beginning of the war.

The treaty was ratified by Parliament on 30 December 1814. It was signed into law by the Prince Regent (the future King George IV). An American army under Andrew Jackson scored a major victory at the Battle of New Orleans in early January 1815. The Treaty was not in effect until it was ratified by the U.S. Senate (unanimously) in February 1815.

Heated shot

Heated shot is the heating of round shot before firing from muzzle-loading cannons. The purpose is for setting fire to enemy warships, buildings, or equipment. 

The use of hot shot dates back centuries. It was stopped when vessels armored with iron replaced wooden warships in the world's navies. It was a powerful weapon against wooden warships, where fire was always a hazard. It was mainly used on shore batteries and forts, due to the need for a special furnace to heat the shot. 

The use of heated shot from a ship was so dangerous, that it was against Royal Navy regulations. The American ship USS "Constitution" had a shot furnace installed, for hot shot to be fired. 

DMX

Earl Simmons (December 18, 1970 – April 9, 2021), better known by his stage name DMX (short for Dark Man X), was an American rapper and actor. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He was best known songs like "Ruff Ryders' Anthem", "Party Up (Up in Here)", "Where the Hood At?" and "X Gon' Give It to Ya". He was also the founder and owner of Bloodline Records. He is one of the best-selling hip hop artists ever. He has released seven albums: "Unleashed and Unreleased", "It's Dark and Hell Is Hot", "Flesh of my Flesh, Blood of my Blood", "And Then There Was X", "The Grand Champ", "The Great Depression", "Year of the Dog...Again" and his recent one "Undisputed".

As an actor, DMX starred in movies such as "Belly", "Romeo Must Die", "Exit Wounds", "Cradle 2 the Grave", and "Last Hour". In 2006, he starred in the BET reality television series "".

On April 3, 2021, it was reported that Simmons had suffered a heart attack following a drug overdose and was being treated in the hospital in White Plains, New York. He was placed under life-support. He died six days later on April 9, aged 50.On April 24, a life celebration was held in his honor, that was shown via a YouTube livestream. During the celebration, a monster truck that contained his casket drove through where the mourners were standing.

Baliung River

The Baliung River is a river in Indonesia. It is in the south of Java.

Al-Shabaab (militant group)

Al-Shabaab is an Islamist militant group based in Somalia. It seeks to eliminate Sufism from Somalia and has opposed various Sufi groups. It was recognised as a cell of al-Qaeda in 2012. The official name of the group is Harakat al-Shabaab al-Mujahideen (). It is now an affiliate of ISIL. Its name is Arabic for the Youth.
Some people who were in the Islamic Courts Union formed al-Shabaab in 2006 or 2007. Wahhabi ideas inflenced al-Shabaab. Al-Shabaab wants to create an Islamic state at the Horn of Africa, and to take part in a golbal djihad.

Al-Shabaab controls parts of southern Somalia. In the area it controls, there is a strict form of Sharia law. The group has claimed responsibility for various terrorist attacks including the Westgate shopping mall attack in 2013, Nairobi DusitD2 complex attack early 2019 in Westlands, Nairobi, Kenya and the Garissa University attack which killed 142 people in April 2015.

Patience

Patience (or forbearance) is the ability to go through difficult times without getting mad. Patience may involve focus and without any emotional response relating to disrespect/anger. 

In psychology, patience is studied as a decision-making problem, involving the choice of either a small reward in the short-term, versus a more valuable reward in the long-term.

Fan death

Fan death (Korean: 선풍기 사망설) is a widely-held belief in Korea that leaving an electric fan on overnight will kill a person. However, no people are known to have been killed by this.

The supposed cause of death is often said to be carbon monoxide poisoning, although this is impossible because an electric motor does not create carbon monoxide. Another supposed cause is asphyxiation, which is also impossible because a fan does not remove any air from a room. Hypothermia is also said to be the cause, although it too is impossible because a fan does not lower the temperature of the body enough to cause hypothermia.


Copenhagen Zoo

The Copenhagen Zoo is a zoo in Copenhagen, Denmark. It was built by Niels Kjærbølling in 1859. It is one of the oldest zoos in Europe. 1,161,388 people visited the zoo in 2008. It is the most visited zoo in the world, and the fourth most visited place in Denmark. Its Elephant House was built by Norman Foster.

The zoo's observation tower is 43.5 metres (142.7 ft) high. It was built in 1905. It is one of the tallest wooden observation towers in the world. It has a look similar to the Eiffel Tower.

It is the only zoo outside of Australia to have the Tasmanian devil. It also has the Amur leopard, okapi and muskox.

A healthy young male giraffe, Marius, was killed on 9 February 2014 on the recommendation of the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria so that they can save the population of them at the zoo.


Runaway

Runaway can mean several things:


Civil Registry and Identification Service of Chile

The Civil Registry and Identification Service () is an institution for public service in Chile. It registers people's civil statuses and other issues which, by law, it has to register.



Thomas Merton

Thomas Merton (January 31, 1915 – December 10, 1968) was an American writer and Catholic Trappist monk. He was based in Kentucky. He is known for his books on spirituality and quiet pacifism. He was a member of the Abbey of Our Lady of Gethsemani.


Rauma (Finland)

Rauma is a city in Finland on the southwest coast. It is most famous for the wooden architecture of its old city centre, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.


South Orange, New Jersey

South Orange, New Jersey is a place in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is west of Newark, and south of the city of Orange. Around 18,000 people live there.

Seton Hall University is in South Orange.

A notable person from South Orange is actor Kevin Spacey.


Southern Methodist University

Southern Methodist University (SMU) is a private university in University Park, Texas, a city located within the Dallas city limits. (The campus has a Dallas mailing address.) SMU was founded in 1911 by the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, one of the churches that would later merge into the United Methodist Church (UMC). In 2019, SMU filed with the state of Texas to split from the UMC due to ongoing conflicts within that church. The university won a lawsuit filed by the UMC that tried to prevent its split from the church. 

It is the site of the George W. Bush Presidential Library.


National Zoological Gardens of South Africa

The National Zoological Gardens of South Africa is a zoo in Pretoria, South Africa. It is one of the top ten zoos in the world by acreage (210 acres in 2013), and number of species (705 species in 2013). There are about 9,000 individual animals in the zoo. The zoo is divided by the Apies River.


Ann C. Crispin

Ann Carol Crispin (April 5, 1950 – September 6, 2013) was an American science fiction writer. She wrote twenty-three published books. Her writing career began in 1983. She wrote several books related to "Star Trek". Crispin was born in Stamford, Connecticut. She died from cancer in Maryland.

Moscow Zoo

The Moscow Zoo is a zoo in Moscow, Russia. It is one of the ten largest zoos in the world. It covers (in 2013). The zoo holds over 6,000 individual animals, of 927 species (in 2013). The zoo opened in 1864. The most recent exhibits include a sea aquarium, an aviary, a sea lion exhibit, and children's attractions. A footbridge connects the two parts of the zoo that are separated by Bolshaya Gruzinskaya Street.

Founded in 2008 in a two-storey building of the 19th century, built in the late XIX - early XX centuries, located on the territory of the zoo. Since 2015, the museum has been open to the public and everyone. In the central and side halls there is an exposition devoted to the history of the Moscow Zoo and a natural science permanent exposition. The collection of the museum includes more than 10,000 zoo coat of arms from all over the world, hundreds of paintings, sculptures and drawings by the masters of Russian animalistics, such as Vasily Vatagin, Alexei Komarov, Vadim Trofimov, Andrei Marts and Alexei Tsvetkov.

The Moscow Zoo has her own educational institute. In addition to full-training for zoo staff and teachers, there is a continuing education program for zoo and aquarium staff, veterinarians, teachers and volunteers, as well as courses in zoo psychology. Since the Moscow Zoo has been chairman of all zoos in Russia since the Soviet period, it is a national training center. It was founded in 2017 by the current director Svetlana Akulova and Björn Stenvers.



Berlin Zoological Garden

The Berlin Zoological Garden is the largest zoo in the world in acreage (84 acres in 2013) and in number of species (1,500 in 2013). It holds the most comprehensive collection of species in the world. There were more than 20,219 individual animals in the zoo in 2017. 

The zoo opened in 1844. It was the first Zoo to be built in Germany. It is located in the southwestern section of the Tiergarten. It was the home of the famous baby polar bear Knut.

Several architects have created the houses for the different species in the zoo. The Antelope House dates to 1872 and the Elephant House to 1873. The Hippopotamus House dates to 1997. It demonstrates the application of modern zoo concepts to a particular species. The hippos live under a roof of 13,000 square feet of glass solar panel. They can now be seen above and beneath the water.

During World War II, the elephants at the Zoo were killed in the air raids of September 7-8, 1941. Zoo officials also killed animals at the time. In November 1943, more than 1,000 bombs were dropped over the zoo, destroying many buildings and burning to death many animals. As many as 12,000 animals were killed in the Berlin Zoological Garden during the bombings of World War II.

Falco Lombardi

In the English versions of the "Star Fox" games, a number of actors have voiced Falco. Hisao Egawa has voiced him in all of the Japanese versions. In addition to the "Star Fox" games, he is also a playable character in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" and "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".

Afrosoricida

Afrosoricida is an order of mammals, which includes the Tenrecs and the Golden mole. Tenrecs look like hedgehogs in appearance. Golden moles look like moles. Sequence analysis found that these animals are not closely related to other insectivores.

Some biologists use Tenrecomorpha as the name for the tenrec-golden mole clade, but Gary Bronner and Paulina Jenkins argue that Afrosoricida is more appropriate, despite their misgivings about the similarity between the name "Afrosoricida" and the unrelated shrew subgenus "Afrosorex".

Brookfield Place

Brookfield Place, originally and commonly known as the World Financial Center is a complex of office buildings in Battery Park City in Lower Manhattan in New York City. It is near the World Trade Center. It is home to the offices of a number of companies such as Merrill Lynch, American Express, Brookfield Office Properties, and others. It was opened in 1988. It was designed by César Pelli.

The complex was very badly damaged in the September 11 attacks. It had to be closed for several months while repairs were being done.

The complex was renamed to "Brookfield Place" in 2013.



Caedwalla of Wessex

Caedwalla, also spelled Cædwalla (c. 659–689), was the King of Wessex from until his abdication in 688. His name comes from the British name Cadwallon. He was a powerful king and war leader. It was through his efforts that Wessex rose to become the third kingdom, after Northumbria and Mercia, in what would become the seven Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of the heptarchy. Caedwalla was a pagan king who fought for and promoted Christianity.

Caedwalla was born . He the son of Cenberht (Coenbryht) and the brother of Mul. They were of the royal house of the Gewissae. Caedwalla was a descendant of Cerdic. His father, an in Wessex, was killed in 661 when Caedwalla was about two years old. His family took refuge in the great forest of the Caedwalla was apparently one of those trying to claim territory in Wessex after the death of Cenwalh. But he was exiled from Wessex in 680 by Centwine. During that time he had gathered around him a band of warriors. In 685 Caedwalla "began to strive for the kingdom" (or wanted to become king). He repeatedly attacked Sussex and killed king Ethelwalth. Two of the Sussex ealdormen drove Caedwalla out of that kingdom. Still landless, Caedwalla turned his attentions again towards Wessex. This same year Centwine retired to a monastery and abdicated the throne of Wessex.

By 686 Caedwalla was able to declare himself king. The remaining underkings in Wessex did not oppose him and kept their territories. During the three years Caedwalla reigned over Wessex he was constantly at war. He and his brother Mul ravaged Kent in 686. After subjecting Kent to his rule he left his brother Mul in charge as king of Kent. That summer he attacked Sussex and killed king Berhthun. In 687 the men of Kent rose up against Mul and he was burned with twelve of his companions. They soon restored their own royal line on the throne. Caedwalla invaded a second time and ruled Kent himself. Caedwalla next invaded the Isle of Wight. King Arwald was killed. Caewalla allowed the two young athelings of Wight, Arwald's brothers, to convert to Christianity before executing them. He then began to kill all the inhabitants and replace them with settlers from Wessex. Although still a pagan, he gave several large estates on the Isle of Wight to bishop Wilfrid. It was during his war on the Isle of Wight that Caedwalla was badly wounded. His wound seemed mortal to him. But he had succeeded in conquering most of the south-east of England. In 688 he abdicated the throne of Wessex. He was able to journey to Rome where on Easter day 689, he was baptised by Pope Sergius. About ten days later on 20 April he died and was buried in Rome. He set a precedent for the west Saxon kings who followed him to dominate all of south-east England.

Caedwalla remained a pagan until end of his life. He was a friend of bishop Wilfrid and at times called himself the defender of the church. He granted land for a monastery to an Abbot Ecgbald at Hoo in Kent. His authority in Surrey is demonstrated by a grant of land for an monastery in Farnham. He saw his attempts to remove all the Jutes from the Isle of Wight as a war of Christianity against the pagans. When he left England on his pilgrimage to Rome he stopped at Calais and donated money to build a church there. He did the same at the court of the Lombards before going on to Rome. Caedwalla was succeeded by Ine.


Petting zoo

A petting zoo is a small zoo where visitors (mostly children) can get up close to animals and pet them. Animals in such zoos are typically gentle, domesticated baby animals like lambs, piglets, chicks, puppies, kittens, ducklings, and bunnies.

Petting zoos are usually a children's feature of larger zoos. Backdrops may be fairy tale settings such as the three pigs' houses of straw, twigs, and brick or Old Macdonald's farm. Wishing wells, footbridges, and other objects that appeal to children may also be featured. Food for the children to give to the animals may be available.

Sometimes petting zoos are found along roadsides in farm country. Petting zoos are well supervised to prevent injury to either children or the animals. A small fee might be charged to enter a petting zoo. 

De Havilland

The de Havilland Aircraft Company Limited was a British aircraft manufacturer, founded in 1920 by Geoffrey de Havilland. It was based in Hatfield, Hertfordshire. De Havilland produced the first jet-powered passenger aircraft.


Columbus Zoo and Aquarium

The Columbus Zoo and Aquarium is a zoo in Ohio, United States. It is one of the largest zoos in the world in terms of area () and species of animals (about 790). The zoo is located north of Columbus, in Powell, Ohio. There are about 10,000 individual animals in the zoo.


Louis B. Mayer

Louis Burt Mayer (July 12, 1884 – October 29, 1957) was an American movie producer. He was born Lazar Meir to Russian Jewish parents in Minsk (which is today in Belarus). He was a part of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. He was a founder of the Academy Awards. He died of leukemia.

Hollywood blacklist

The Hollywood blacklist was a system of denying employment to Hollywood actors, producers, screenwriters, directors, and other people in entertainment who were suspected of undesirable political connections or other undesirable associations. Communist sympathies and homosexual tendencies were two of the connections considered most undesirable. It mostly occurred through the middle of the 20th century, in the 1940s and 1950s.

Alan Parker

Sir Alan William Parker, (14 February 1944 – 31 July 2020) was a British movie director from Islington, London. One of his best known movies is "Bugsy Malone" (1975). 

Parker was born into a working-class family in Islington, North London, the son of Elsie Ellen, a dressmaker, and William Leslie Parker, a house painter.

Parker died in London on 31 July 2020 at age 76.


Aviary

An aviary is a place where birds are kept. It is larger than a birdcage. Some aviaries are large enough for birds to fly some distance. Many zoos have aviaries. People who breed birds to sell also have aviaries. Many aviaries have plants and other things to imitate nature.

St. Peter's Square

St. Peter's Square ( , ) is a large plaza in front of St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City, Rome. The Pope frequently addresses pilgrims gathered in the square. It is named after Saint Peter.

At the centre of the square is an ancient Egyptian obelisk, erected at the current site in 1586. Gian Lorenzo Bernini designed the square almost 100 years later A granite fountain constructed by Bernini in 1675 matches another fountain designed by Carlo Maderno in 1613.


Sandbar

A sandbar, or shoal is a landform which is in or partly in a body of water. Usually it is made of sand, silt, and/or small pebbles.

Shoals are long and narrow ridges. They can develop where a stream, river, or ocean current deposits sediment and granular material.

Shoals look like a coastal landform in the sea. They are classified as a type of ocean bank, or as fluvial landforms in rivers, streams, and lakes.

They are usually made up of sand. They can also be made up of soil, silt, gravel, cobble, shingle, or even boulders.

Old MacDonald Had a Farm

"Old MacDonald Had a Farm" is a children's song. It tells of the different animals found on a farm and the sounds they make. Animals include a cow, a duck, a sheep, and any other animals the singer cares to imitate. A typical verse:
<poem>
"Old Macdonald had a farm, E-I-E-I-O!"
"And on this farm he had a cow, E-I-E-I-O!"
"With a moo-moo here,"
"And a moo-moo there,"
"Here a moo, there a moo,"
"Everywhere a moo-moo,"
"Old Macdonald had a farm E-I-E-I-O!"
</poem>

The Inheritors (novel)

The Inheritors is the 1955 second novel by the British author William Golding, who is best known for "Lord of the Flies". It was his personal favourite, and concerns the extinction of one of the last remaining tribes of Neanderthals at the hands of the more sophisticated (and malevolent) "Homo sapiens".
One of the band, Lok, is a "point of view" character. He is the one we follow as one by one the adults of the band die or are killed, then the young are stolen by the "new people" The new people are a group of early modern humans. Lok and Fa, the remaining adults, are both fascinated and repelled by the new people. They observe their actions and rituals with amazement, only slowly understanding that harm is meant by the 'sticks' (arrows) of the new people.

Lok's people have powerful sense-impressions and feelings, and appear sometimes to share thoughts in a near-telepathic way. They live very simply, using their mental abilities to connect to one another without extensive vocabulary or the kinds of memories that create culture. They have wide knowledge of food sources, mostly roots and vegetables. Their lives are lived so much in the present that the reader realizes they are very different from us, living in something like an eternal present, or at least a present broken and shaped by seasons. The way they cope with planning and imagination is by saying the phrase "I have a picture", and then talking about their thoughts.

In the final chapter, we move to the point of view of the new race, more or less modern humans fleeing in their boats. Apparently they are terribly afraid of the Neanderthals whom they believe to be devils of the forest. This last chapter, the only one written from the humans' point of view, points to the inheritance of the world by the new species.

Wishing well

A wishing well is a well in which a person throws a coin and at the same time makes a wish.

Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?

Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf? is a song from the Walt Disney animated short movie "Three little pigs" (1933). It was written by Frank Churchill and Ann Ronell. The song buoyed spirits during the Great Depression. It inspired the title of Edward Albee's "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" (1963).

Franchot Tone

Franchot Tone (born Stanislaus Pascal Franchot Tone on February 27, 1905 – September 18, 1968) was an American actor. He was married briefly to actress Joan Crawford. They made several movies together. His best known movie is "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1935). He also performed on radio, television, and the stage. He died of lung cancer in New York City in 1968.

Bird cage

A bird cage (sometimes birdcage) is a cage to hold a bird. Bird cages are used in the home to contain a pet bird, such as a parakeet or a canary. Bird cages used in the home are made of metal wire. A bird cage usually has seed and water dishes, a cuttle bone, and toys such as little bells and mirrors. However, the best ones available are shredding and foraging toys, which are more expensive than the "classic" bird accessories. These keep the birds engaged and prevent boredom. There are perches for the bird to sit on. A cage may be hung from a ceiling or a floor stand. The floor of the cage is usually lined with some sort of paper to absorb the bird's droppings, water spills, etc.

When a bird cage is round, tall and narrow or made of galvanized metal it should be avoided. Round cages confuse the birds and cause behavioral issues due to their shape, narrow and tall cages don't let the bird fly properly and any type of galvanized metal can potentially cause a lethal heavy metal intoxication.

Bird cages should be at least 18x18x18 inches when it comes to small birds. For bigger species an aviary can be the best option.
Breeding birds will need a very big cage and a nest box. 
If a bird is going to be caged many hours everyday it will need at least a small aviary with a lot of shredding and foraging toys to not develop behavioral issues such as feather plucking.

Saint Sophia Cathedral in Harbin

Saint Sophia Cathedral, or the Cathedral of the Holy Wisdom of God, is a former Orthodox church in Harbin, Heilongjiang, China.

This church was built in 1907. It was closed during the Cultural Revolution. In 1997, it was turned into a museum.

Henri Murger

Henri Murger (27 March 1822 – 28 January 1861) was a French writer. He is known for a book called "Scènes de la vie de bohème". This book is about the life of poor poets, artists, and musicians in Paris of the 1830s. It became the basis for Giacomo Puccini's opera "La bohème", for Ruggero Leoncavallo's opera of the same name, and for other musical works. Murger was born and died in Paris. 

He was very famous.


Scenes of Bohemian Life

Scènes de la vie de bohème "(Scenes from the Bohemian Life)" is a book by Henri Murger. It was published in parts between 1847 and 1849, and in book form in 1851. The book is about the lives of the poor poets, artists, and musicians in Paris about 1830. It was the basis for "La bohème", an opera by Giacomo Puccini in 1896, and another opera of the same name by Ruggero Leoncavallo in 1897.

Luigi Illica

Luigi Illica (9 May 1857 – 16 December 1919) was an Italian writer. He wrote the librettos (stories and words) for many operas. He teamed with Giuseppe Giacosa for Puccini's operas "La bohème", "Tosca", and "Madama Butterfly". He also wrote the libretto for Umberto Giordano's "Andrea Chénier".

Giuseppe Giacosa

Giuseppe Giacosa (21 October 1847 – 1 September 1906) was an Italian writer. He wrote the libretti (stories and words) with Luigi Illica for Puccini's operas "La bohème", "Tosca", and "Madama Butterfly". He was born in Turin, Italy.

Entrapment

Entrapment is inducement to commit a crime, especially by authorities, to get a conviction. The implication is that the person might otherwise have been unlikely to commit the crime. In some countries, entrapment is a possible defense against criminal liability.

Another similar term is agent provocateur, an older French term for the person who does the inducing. 

A sting operation is a more sophisticated way to trap criminals. It usually involves leaving a bait, and filming or catching whoever takes the bait. 

Sos Sargsyan

Sos Sargsyan (24 October 1929 – 26 September 2013) was a famous Armenian actor, director, and writer. He was known for his roles in "Guys from the Army Band", "Solaris", and in "Nahapet".

Sargsyan was born on 24 October 1929 in Stepanavan, Soviet Armenia. He was raised in Yerevan, Armenia. Sargsyan died on 26 September 2013 in Yerevan, Armenia from a heart attack, aged 83.

Tuskegee University

Tuskegee University is in Tuskegee, Alabama. It is a historic African American college.



Alawites

The Alawites, also known as Alawis ("ʿAlawīyyah" ) are a sect within Shia Islam. They live mainly in Syria. They follow a branch of the Twelver school of Shia Islam. Alawites worship Ali, and the name "Alawi" means followers of Ali.


Sung Wong Toi

Sung Wong Toi () is a historic relic in Hong Kong. It is now in the Sung Wong Toi Garden.

There was a legend that Sung Wong Toi was built to remember the Emperor Duanzong of Song and his younger brother. It was because they had once escaped to Hong Kong.

Umberto Giordano

Umberto Menotti Maria Giordano (28 August 1867 – 12 November 1948) was an Italian composer. He wrote many operas. His opera "Andrea Chénier" (1896) is still performed.

Mutiny on the Bounty (1935 movie)

Mutiny on the Bounty is an MGM movie from 1935 directed by Frank Lloyd and produced by Irving Thalberg. It was directed by Frank Lloyd. It is based on the novel of the same name by Charles Nordoff and James Hall. The movie is about the mutiny on the ship "Bounty".

It stars Charles Laughton as Captain Bligh, Clark Gable as Fletcher Christian, Franchot Tone as Roger Byam, and Movita Castaneda as a Tahitian girl. All three were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. The movie won the 1935 Academy Award for Best Picture.

Omoseye Bolaji

Omoseye Bolaji (born August 16 1968, died 22 May 2022) is a Nigerian-born writer. He went on to become a successful author of many books in South Africa. He is a novelist, poet, playwright, and journalist. He was conferred with the Chancellor's Medal by the University of the Free State in 2007. His published works include "Impossible Love" (2000), "People of the Townships" (2003), "My Life and Literature" (2007), "Miscellaneous Writings" (2011) and "It Couldn’t Matter Less" (2013)

In 2022, Omoseye Bolaji published two new books in early February:



Lantau Island

Lantau Island is the largest island in Hong Kong.


Christian terrorism

Christian terrorism is a form of terrorism where the terrorists claim their motivations lie in their Christian religion. Very often, such groups use the Old Testament or the New Testament scriptures to legitimize their actions. Sometimes, the religious violence arises from different Christian groups fighting for dominance. 

Orange Is the New Black

Orange Is the New Black is an American comedy-drama series on Netflix. Jenji Kohan created it. She is known for creating Weeds. It is based on the memoir of the same name by Piper Kerman. So far there have been three seasons with 13 episodes each. The first episode of season two aired on June 6, 2014. The third season premiered on June 11, 2015.

In April 2015, the series was renewed for a fourth season, to be released on June 17, 2016. In February 2016, the series was renewed through seven seasons.

"Orange Is the New Black" is the first series to get Emmy Award nominations in both comedy and drama categories. The series has also received six Golden Globe Award nominations, six Writers Guild of America Award nominations, two Producers Guild of America Awards, an American Film Institute award, and a Peabody Award.

The show is about Piper Chapman (Taylor Schilling), a middle class woman who has been sent to prison for carrying drug money for her ex-girlfriend Alex Vause (Laura Prepon), who is also put in the prison. She is engaged to a man called Larry (Jason Biggs), and describes herself as an 'ex-lesbian'. However, being in prison causes her to rethink her sexual orientation and her identity in general. The show has strong LGBT themes and has been described as a 'lesbian tv show'. Lesbian characters include Carrie "Big Boo" Black (Lea DeLaria), Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren (Uzo Aduba), and Nicky Nichols (Natasha Lyonne). Transgender prisoner Sophia Burset is played by Laverne Cox, a real trans woman. Most of the characters are women of color.

The third episode, "Lesbian Request Denied", was directed by Jodie Foster.

"Orange Is the New Black" was well-received by critics. The Washington Post called the show 'brilliance behind bars'. Taylor Schilling was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Lead Actress in a Drama Series.

Charles Laughton

Charles Laughton (1 July 1899 – 15 December 1962) was an Anglo-American actor, screenwriter, producer, and director. He was born in Scarborough, North Riding of Yorkshire. He is known for playing Quasimodo in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" and Captain Bligh in "Mutiny on the Bounty". He directed "The Night of the Hunter". He won the 1933 Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for "The Private Life of Henry VIII". Laughton was bisexual. He was married to actress Elsa Lanchester from 1929 until his death. The couple became American citizens in 1950. They had no children. Laughton died of kidney cancer in Hollywood, Los Angeles.

The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1939 movie)

The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a 1939 RKO movie based on Victor Hugo's novel, directed by William Dieterle, and stars Charles Laughton and Maureen O'Sullivan. 

Balk

A balk is something that a pitcher does in baseball that is not allowed, or illegal. If a balk happens the umpire will point to the pitcher and yell "balk", and the runners on base get to move up one base. If there are no runners on base, a ball is issued to the batter.

Some ways a balk can happen include;


There are other ways it can happen, but these are the main ones.

Ealdorman

An ealdorman (from Old English "ealdorman", lit. "elder man"; plural: "ealdormen") is a term used for a high-ranking royal official who was in charge of one or more shires. The title dates from the sixth century and was in use up to the time of King Canute. Their position was a combination of administrator, judge and military . Ealdormen were the of the later English earls.

The king appointed an ealdorman to govern one or more shires or territories. The ealdorman was also responsible for leading his local fyrd (part-time army) in battle. But these armies owed their first to their ealdorman. Very often the support of one or more ealdormen could help a royal candidate to become king. In many cases ealdormen succeeded yet kept the same rights. Several had been underkings and were members of the royal family. In early Anglo-Saxon documents ealdormen are also termed ", "", or " in documents of the time.

The term first appears in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle under the year 568. But it was probably used long before then. As early as the seventh century ealdormen were seen as judges. But the development of the shire may have come later. As ealdormanries began to become (passed down from father to son) the families who held them became more and more powerful. Several rose in power second only to the king. They were described in documents by the term "". In the eighth century these occurred in Northumbria, Mercia and Kent. The term "patricius" was roughly the same as the office of mayor of the palace in the Merovingian dynasty of Frankish kings. This could be dangerous for a king to have someone so powerful exercising power in his name. In the eighth and ninth centuries the most dangerous ealdormen were those who claimed royal descent. They could and in some cases did rise up against a king and took the throne themselves. In the very basic royal administrations of the time a king needed to depend on his ealdormen. A king could create ealdormen from his own family. But he could only fill only a portion of the ealdormanries in that way. As the families of ealdormen banded together in ties of mutual support it became more difficult to remove an ealdorman.

The term ealdorman was replaced by the term earl during the eleventh century. In the laws of King Canute both ealdormen and earls are mentioned. But there was no distinction made between them. After the Norman conquest of England in 1066, the title Earl was no longer with "dux" or "princeps". They were written at times as "" (count). King William replaced most Anglo-Saxon earls with his own . He then limited the power of most earls giving them control of counties, castles or other territories. A few were given more power. These were titled Earl palatine.

Centwine of Wessex

Centwine ( 685) was King of Wessex from to 685. He appears to have been one of several underkings of Wessex after the death of Cenwalh. But at some point he united the kingdom of Wessex under his rule. 

Centwine was the probable son of Cynegils and grandson of Ceolwulf, King of Wessex. According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle Centwine became king . Also that he succeeded Aescwine. Bede wrote that after the death of King Cenwalh: "his under-rulers took upon them the kingdom of the people, and dividing it among themselves, held it ten years". Bede's view of Aescwine and Centwine as underkings may represent the views of King Ine. His family ruled Wessex in Bede's time. If the kingdom did fragment following Cenwalh's death, it was reunited during Centwine's reign. An entry under 682 in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle records that "Centwine drove the Britons to the sea". Aldhelm wrote Centwine won three major victories but does not say who he defeated. Centwine is reported to have and became a monk. The date of his death is unknown.

Centwine married Eangyth, niece of Eorcenbert of Kent. Her sister, Eormenburh was married to King Egfrith of Northumbria. Together they had:



Les Misérables

Les Misérables is a novel by Victor Hugo. It was published in 1862. The story is about a former convict named Jean Valjean. He tries to find a meaningful life, but is followed by a police officer. The story has been made into movies several times. It has also been made into a musical. He is trying to run away after being convicted by the police since he stole bread to feed his sister's children.

The work describes French society between the reign of Napoleon and that of Louis Philippe I. One of the main characters, Marius, takes part in the June Rebellion.

Hugo based some of his characters on the lives of real people. That way, Valjean is probably based upon Eugène François Vidocq. He probably used the story of Bienvenu de Miollis to base the Bishop of Digne on. De Mollis was the bishop of Digne from 1805 to 1838. Enjolras, a revolutionary leader is probably based on Louise Michel, a French anarchist.

Les Misérables starts by describing the life of the nice Bishop Myriel who is always helping the poor. Then the book talks about Jean Valjean, a man who was arrested because he stole some bread to feed his sister's children. He is freed from prison after 19 years and he wanders through France until the Bishop takes him in for the night. Valjean tries to steal the Bishop's silverware, but he is caught. The Bishop pretends that he gave Valjean the silverware and tells him to be good.

Jean Valjean changes his name to M. Madeline and becomes a factory owner and the town's mayor. One of his workers is named Fantine. She had a child called Cosette who lives with an evil innkeeper named Thenardier. The other women in the factory get Fantine fired or removed from her job. When Fantine is attacked by a man on the streets, Valjean protects her from the police and takes her to the hospital because she is sick. Fantine tells Valjean about Cosette and asks him to save Cosette. Unfortunately, she is too sick and dies. 

A police officer called Javert finds out about Valjean and he chases him and arrests him, but Valjean escapes from jail and goes to find Cosette. When he does, he takes her from the innkeeper Thenardier and runs away to Paris. There, he is chased by Javert and eventually finds a place where Cosette can go to school and he can work safely. 

Meanwhile, a young man named Marius has found a new group of friends at the ABC Café. They (the Friends of the ABC) are unhappy because a lot of people are poor. So they want to make the government help the poor people but only one man in the government wants to. His name is Jean Lamarque, and he is very sick. A girl named Eponine, the daughter of Thenardier, falls in love with Marius, but he doesn't love her.

When Cosette is done with school, she and Valjean go to live in a house on Plumet Street (Rue Plumet). There, Marius meets Cosette and they fall in love. Then, Thenardier, who lost his job, tries to rob Valjean, but Eponine saves him and Cosette. 

Then, Lamarque dies! The Friends of the ABC are angry and build barricades (or giant walls) out of furniture in the center of Paris. The government is angry and sends Javert to go spy on the Friends.

Valjean learns that Cosette loves Marius and goes to save Marius at the barricade. While Javert is inside the barricades, the Friends find out that he is a spy and they tie him up. Valjean is supposed to kill him but he decides not to which makes Javert very confused. Javert decides trying to understand why Valjean did not kill him even though Valjean used to be a bad person is too hard for him to understand, so he jumps off a bridge and drowns. Then, the army attacks the barricade! Marius is almost shot but Eponine saves him. However, she was killed while saving him. The fighting continues and most of the Friends are killed. Valjean takes Marius and drags him through the sewers to a safe place. 

Cosette and Marius get engaged which means that they are about to get married! Before their wedding, Valjean tells Marius that he is going to go away forever after the wedding because he thinks that he is a bad person. At the wedding, Marius learns that Valjean saved him, so he and Cosette tell Valjean that they don't want him to go away. But Valjean is too sad so he still dies. As he dies though, he sees Fantine again.


Toilers of the Sea

Toilers of the Sea is a novel by Victor Hugo. It was published in 1866. It is about the resurrection of a sunken ship. It has been made into movies several times. 

Taronga Zoo

Taronga Zoo is a zoo in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It is on the shores of Sydney Harbour in the suburb of Mosman. It was officially opened on 7 October 1916. The zoo covers about . It holds over 2,600 animals of 340 species. There is a larger, sister zoo in Dubbo, the Taronga Western Plains Zoo.

The zoo is divided into eight geographic regions of the world. The largest section is for Australian wildlife. It also has several aviaries, and an aquarium section for seals and penguins.

The Taronga Zoo also helps endangered animals. In 2009, scientists brought some yellow-spotted tree frogs to the Taronga Zoo to breed. Then the last wild yellow-spotted tree frogs died. In 2018, the scientists took some of the frogs from the Taronga Zoo and put them in the wild.

Taronga is an Aboriginal word which means "beautiful view".


Mario vs. Donkey Kong (video game)

Mario vs. Donkey Kong is a 2004 puzzle-platform video game for the Game Boy Advance. It was developed by Nintendo Software Technology and published by Nintendo. It was released in North America on May 24, 2004, in Japan on June 1, 2004, and in Europe on November 19, 2004. It is a spiritual successor to "Donkey Kong", which was released for the Game Boy in 1994.

In the game, the player plays as Mario, who is chasing Donkey Kong through a toy factory after Donkey Kong stole many Mini-Mario toys. It plays similarly to the Game Boy "Donkey Kong" game. There are five types of levels. In the first type, Mario has to pick up a key and take it to a locked door, then find and pick up the Mini-Mario toy at the end of the level. In the second type, Mario has to guide six Mini-Mario toys to the Toy Box. While doing so, he has to protect them from dangers in the level. In the third type, Mario has to fight Donkey Kong in order to go to the next world. In the fourth type, the Plus level, Mario has to turn on one Mini-Mario with a key and take it to the door. The fifth type of level, the Expert level, plays like the first type of level, but is harder.

Madame Bovary

Madame Bovary is a novel by Gustave Flaubert. It was published in 1856. It is the story of an unhappy middle class French housewife. She longs for the kind of romance and glamor that life in the country does not provide. After a few unfulfilling adulteries, she kills herself.

The story was first published in parts (serialization) in a magazine. It was thought obscene. Flaubert and his publisher were charged with immorality, but were acquitted.

The story was a great success when published in book form in 1857. It is thought one of the greatest novels ever written. It has been adapted to different media. An American movie starring Jennifer Jones is perhaps the best known adaptation to Americans.

Wii Party U

Wii Party U is a party video game for the Wii U game console. It is the sequel to "Wii Party". It was released in North America and Europe on October 25, 2013, in Australia on October 26, 2013, and in Japan on October 31, 2013.

"Wii Party U" is a party video game which takes elements from the "Mario Party" series. It has over 80 minigames. Players are able to play minigames with the Wii U GamePad.

Water Margin

Water Margin ( Shui Hu Zhuan) is a novel that is said to have been written by Shi Nai'an. It is one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. The story is set during the Song Dynasty. It is about a group of outlaws who gather to form an army, and are later sent to fight foreign invaders and suppress rebel forces by the government.

The book was written during the 14th century.

The Turn of the Screw

The Turn of the Screw is a horror novel by Henry James. It was published in 1898. The story is about two children in a lonely country house. Their governess believes they are possessed by the ghosts of two dead servants. The novel was made into an opera by Benjamin Britten, and into a movie called "The Innocents" starring Deborah Kerr.

The Portrait of a Lady

The Portrait of a Lady is a novel by Henry James. It was published in parts (serialization) in 1880-1881. It was published as a book in the United States by Houghton, Mifflin in 1881.

It tells the story of a rich young American woman, Isabel Archer. She is exploited by the scheming Madame Merle and her friend Gilbert Osmond. Isabel weds Osmond and finds herself in a loveless marriage.

The book was a great success. It is thought one of James's finest works. The story has been adapted to a BBC television program and to a movie starring Nicole Kidman.

Isabel Archer, from Albany, New York, is invited by her mother's sister, Lydia Touchett, to visit Lydia's rich husband, Mr Touchett, at his house near London, following the death of Isabel's father. There, Isabel meets her uncle, her friendly sick cousin Ralph Touchett, and the Touchetts' neighbor, Lord Warburton.

Isabel later declines Warburton's sudden proposal of marriage. She also rejects Caspar Goodwood, the son and heir of a rich Boston mill owner. Although Isabel likes both Caspar and Lord Warbuton,she likes her independence, which prevents such a marriage, which she feels would sacrifice of her freedom.

The elder Touchett grows ill and, at the request of his son, Ralph, leaves a lot of money to Isabel upon his death. With her large fortune, Isabel travels to Europe and meets an American , Gilbert Osmond, in Florence. Although Isabel had previously rejected both Warburton and Goodwood, she accepts Osmond's proposal of marriage, unaware that it has been promoted by the accomplished but untrustworthy Madame Merle, another American expatriate, whom Isabel had met at the Touchetts' house.

Isabel and Osmond live in Rome, but their marriage rapidly sours, owing to Osmond's egotism and lack of genuine affection for his wife. Isabel grows fond of Pansy, Osmond's presumed daughter by his first marriage, and wants to grant her wish to marry Edward Rosier, a young art collector.

The snobbish Osmond would prefer that Pansy accept the proposal of Warburton, who had previously proposed to Isabel. Isabel suspects, however, that Warburton may just be faking interest in Pansy to get close to Isabel again, and the conflict creates even more problems within the unhappy marriage.

Isabel then learns that Ralph is dying at his house in England and prepares to go to him for his final hours, but Osmond selfishly opposes this plan. Meanwhile, Isabel learns from her sister-in-law that Pansy is actually the daughter of Madame Merle, who had had an adulterous relationship with Osmond for several years.

Isabel pays a final visit to Pansy, who begs her to return someday, which Isabel reluctantly promises to do. She then leaves, without telling her husband, to comfort the dying Ralph in England, where she remains until his death.

Goodwood encounters her at Ralph's estate and begs her to leave Osmond and come away with him. He passionately embraces and kisses her, but Isabel flees. Goodwood seeks her out the next day but is told she has set off again for Rome.

The ending is ambiguous, and the reader is left to imagine whether Isabel returned to Osmond to suffer out her marriage in noble tragedy (perhaps for Pansy's sake), or if she is going to rescue Pansy and leave Osmond.

Daisy Miller

Daisy Miller is a novella by Henry James. It was published in 1879. It is about a rich and flirtatious young American woman who offends the sensibilities of the Europeans she is moving among. She is an outsider and dies after catching a fever on a visit to the Colosseum. It was a huge success and is still one of James's most popular works. The story was made into a movie starring Cybil Shepherd.

Colcannon

Colcannon is an Irish dish made of cabbage or kale and mashed potatoes. Milk, butter, salt and pepper are usually added. It is usually eaten around Halloween.

To Kill a Mockingbird (movie)

To Kill a Mockingbird is a 1962 American drama movie. It was directed by Robert Mulligan. It stars Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch and Mary Badham as Scout. The movie is based on the book "To Kill a Mockingbird" by Harper Lee. The movie has been listed in the National Film Registry. It won three Academy Awards: Best Actor (Gregory Peck), Best Art Direction, and Best Adapted Screenplay.

Atticus Finch, a white lawyer working in the South, defends Tom, a black man accused of raping a white woman. Tom is found guilty of rape. Finch's daughter, Scout, narrates the story from her perspective as an adult. 

Lord Jim

Lord Jim is a novel by Joseph Conrad. It was first published in parts (serialization) in a magazine in 1899-1900. It is about the sinking of a ship and its abandonment by the crew. One of the crew, "Lord Jim", must come to terms with his cowardice. The book was made into two movies, one starring Peter O'Toole.

Just So Stories

Just So Stories for Little Children is a book of stories by Rudyard Kipling. It was published in 1902 by Macmillan & Co. The stories are "origin stories". They explain how things in the natural world came about, such as the elephant's trunk and the camel's hump. Kipling drew the pictures for the original edition.

Grenade (disambiguation)

A grenade is a small explosive device which is thrown at a target.

Grenade may also mean:



Blind experiment

A blind or blinded experiment is a test or experiment in 
where the experimenter does not know which treatment is given to a subject. The idea is to avoid bias which the experimenter might otherwise introduce. If both tester and subject are blinded, the trial is a double-blind trial.

Suppose consumers are asked to compare the tastes of different brands of a product. Obviously, the identities of the product should be hidden – otherwise consumers tend to prefer the brand they are familiar with. Similarly, when testing a pharmaceutical drug, both patients and experimenter should not know the dosage being given in each case.

The opposite of a blind trial is an open trial. The terms blind (adjective) or to blind (transitive verb) when used in this sense are figurative extensions of the literal idea of blindfolding someone.

Blind experiments went on to be used outside of purely scientific settings. In 1817, a committee of scientists and musicians compared a Stradivarius violin to one with a guitar-like design made by the naval engineer François Chanot. A well-known violinist played each instrument while the committee listened in the next room to avoid prejudice.

One of the first essays advocating a blinded approach to experiments in general came from Claude Bernard in the latter half of the 19th century, who recommended splitting any scientific experiment between the theorist who conceives the experiment and a naive (and preferably uneducated) observer who registers the results without foreknowledge of the theory or hypothesis being tested. This suggestion contrasted starkly with the prevalent Enlightenment-era attitude that scientific observation can only be objectively valid when undertaken by a well-educated, informed scientist.

Double-blind methods came into especial prominence in the mid-20th century.

Double-blind describes an especially reliable way of conducting an experiment. It tries to eliminate subjective, unrecognized biases carried by an experiment's subjects "and</u/l>" conductors.

In a double-blind experiment, neither the participants nor the researchers know which participants belong to the control group, and which to the test group. Random assignment of test subjects to the experimental and control groups is the key to any double-blind research design. The information about who the subjects were, and which group they belonged to, is kept by a third party until the study is over.

Double-blind methods can be applied to any experimental situation in which there is a possibility that the results will be affected by conscious/unconscious bias on the part of researchers, participants, or both.

Crossgates Commons

Crossgates Commons is a plaza in Albany, New York near Crossgates Mall. It has a lot of stores.


St Paul's Suite

St Paul's Suite is a piece of music by Gustav Holst. It was written in 1912. It was published in 1922 after some revisions. It is written for string orchestra with the addition of some wind instruments. It was written for St Paul's Girls' School where Holst was Director of Music for many years. The suite has four movements: Jig, Ostinato, Intermezzo, and Finale.

First Suite in E-flat for Military Band

First Suite in E-flat for Military Band is a piece of music by Gustav Holst. It was written in 1909 and had its first performance in 1920. There are three movements: "Chaconne", "Intermezzo", and "March". The suite is thought a cornerstone of music for military band.

Songs of a Wayfarer

Songs of a Wayfarer is a set of four songs for low voice and orchestra by Gustav Mahler. Mahler started writing the music in 1884. The music was first performed on March 16, 1896. There are four songs: "When My Sweetheart is Married", "I Went This Morning over the Field", "I Have a Gleaming Knife", and "The Two Blue Eyes of my Beloved".

The Marble Faun

The Marble Faun is a novel by Nathaniel Hawthorne. It was published in 1860. The story is set in Italy.

Saint Francis of Assisi (opera)

Saint François d'Assise is an opera in three acts and eight scenes. The music and libretto were written by Olivier Messiaen. The opera was written from 1975 to 1983. The first performance was given by the Paris Opéra at the Palais Garnier on November 28, 1983.

Kaira

Kaira (; Altai: "Кайра", ) is the king of the gods and ruler of the universe in Turkic and Altai mythologies. He is the god of creation and the creator of everything.

Kaira sits on the 17th floor of sky and determines the fate of the universe. He created the other gods. He existed before the creation of the universe. He planted a tree with nine boughes. This tree connects the sky and earth and nine human races are descended from the tree. His sons are "Ulgan", "Kyzaghan" and "Mergen".

In ancient Turkic beliefs, Kaira is a white goose that flies over an endless water. Ak Ana (white mother) appears and tells him to create. Kaira is the biggest and the strongest of all the gods. So he creates the earth.

The word (Kaira) means gracious or benevolent.



Ledbury

Ledbury is a small town in Herefordshire. The well known poet John Masefield comes from here.

Ulgan

Ulgan (, Khakass: "Ӱлген", , , ) is a creator god in Turkic mythology. He is ruler of the sky.

He lives in a golden palace on Altyn Dagh ("", "Golden Mountain"). He has a golden throne and a lightning arc. His father is Kaira Khan. Ulgan lives on 16th floor of the sky, and manages the stars and other objects in the sky. It was believed that at the beginning of the universe there was only Ulgan and Erlik.

Ulgan has seven sons and seven daughters.

Ulgan has seven sons, named Akoghlanlar (White Boys). They are ""Karakush Khan, Karshyt Khan, Pura Khan, Burcha Kan, Yashyl Khan, Er-Kanym Khan, Bakty Khan"". And he has nine daughters, that named Akkyzlar. No one knows the names of the daughters.

They are the sons of Ulgan.




Dalmatian city-states

The Dalmatian city-states were 8 cities in Dalmatia where the native Dalmatian Italians survived the Slav invasions, after the fall of the Western Roman Empire. These cities were: Zara, Spalato, Ragusa, Cattaro, Trau, Ossero (also called Cherso or Crespa), Veglia and Arbe.

At the beginning of the seventh century, the Avars with some Slav tribes devastated and conquered the Roman province of Dalmatia. The local Latin population survived only in the coast and islands of Dalmatia. There they created 8 little cities that maintained political links with the Byzantine Empire, that defended these cities allowing their commerce.

The original names of the cities were Jadera, Spalatum, Crespa, Arba, Tragurium, Vecla, Ragusium and Cattarum. The language and the laws were initially Latin, but after a few centuries they developed their own neolatin language (the "Dalmatico"), that lasted until the nineteenth century.

The cities were maritime centers with a huge commerce mainly with the Italian peninsula and with the growing Republic of Venice. From it they received their Italian culture and arts. After the year 1000 AD, the Venetian Doge Orseolo II started to control all coastal Dalmatia, but it was only in 1420 AD that Venice was able to obtain the full domination of these City-states.

In this way seven of these cities became part of the Venetian republic: Zara was the most Venetian (or Italian) of them, remaining Italian until WWII.

But one of the city-states, Ragusium (or Ragusa) was dominated by Venice only for a few decades in the eleventh century and later created the famous "Repubblica di Ragusa". This was an autonomous state under the protection of the Ottoman empire, and lasted until the conquest by Napoleon in 1804 AD when was united to the Napoleonic kingdom of Italy.



Battle of Palmito Ranch

The Battle of Palmito Ranch in Texas was the last battle of the American Civil War. It was fought on May 12 and 13, 1865.

Battle of Nashville

The Battle of Nashville was a battle of the American Civil War. It was fought on December 15 and 16, 1864.

Interstate 787

Interstate 787 (I-787) is an Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of New York. It goes through downtown Albany. The southern end is at the toll plaza for New York State Thruway (I-87) exit 23. The location of the northern end is unclear. Some sources say it is at 8th Street in Troy. Other sources say it is at its interchange with NY 7 and NY 787 in the town of Colonie.

The route is long if extended to Troy, or without the NY 7 overlap.

North of NY 7, the highway continues as NY 787 to the city of Cohoes.

Interstate 890

Interstate 890 (I-890) is a highway in New York, in the United States. It is long. It runs southeast to northwest, mostly within Scthenady County. Most of I-890 is six lanes wide.

Parade Square

Parade Square () is a big city square in central Warsaw, Poland. It was established in 1955 by the Soviet Union together with the building of the Palace of Culture and Science. The square is one of the biggest in Europe and the world. It was used in the Communist period by the government of People's Republic of Poland for military parades. After the fall of communism in Poland in 1989 the square was abandoned and made into a marketplace.


Esau

Esau is the eldest son of Isaac and Rebekah in the Book of Genesis. Jacob is his twin brother. (Chapter 25). He is a 'cunning hunter, a man of the field' (25:27) Esau gives his birthright as eldest to Jacob for a meal of lentil stew. He is then tricked out of his father's blessing by Rebekah and Jacob, with Jacob instead receiving the blessing. 

He has several wives, Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath daughter of Elon. He later marries Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael, his cousin, to please his parents.


Arrondissements of the Haute-Garonne department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Haute-Garonne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of Haute-Garonne are:

Since its creation, the Haute-Garonne department has had some changes:

Anthony of Padua

Anthony of Padua, O.F.M. (born Fernando Martins de Bulhões; 15 August 1195 – 13 June 1231), was a Portuguese Catholic priest. He was a friar of the Franciscan Order. He was born and raised in a rich family in Lisbon. Anthony was canonised as a saint on 30 May 1232, less than a year after his death. He is considered a patron saint of lost or stolen items.

He goes that he had a book of sacred songs in which he'd written his own personal notes. A young novice from his complex of buildings decided to leave the order. As he was leaving, he stole Anthony's book. Anthony prayed for it to be returned. Sometime later the missing novice returned to the order and asked to be taken back in, and returned Anthony's book. This was deemed a miracle.

Anthony died in Padua, Italy. After his death, because of that incident, people prayed to Anthony when they had lost something or had it stolen. Some of them got their things back. Those were also deemed "miracles." They are what got him sainthood.

Goodnight Moon

Goodnight Moon is an American picture book. It was published by Harper & Brothers in 1947. It was written by Margaret Wise Brown. The pictures were drawn by Clement Hurd. The book is about a bunny who says "goodnight" to all the things he can see about his bedroom. 

Counselor

A counselor is a trained professional who helps others by listening to them and giving them advice. They may be a psychologist or a social worker. Counselors help people with things like career development, anger management, health and lifestyle. Schools often have counselors to help students there.


Harold and the Purple Crayon

Harold and the Purple Crayon is a picture book by Crockett Johnson. It was published by Harper & Brothers in 1955. The book is about a boy named Harold. He creates his own world by drawing it with his purple crayon.

Flag of Vietnam

The flag of Vietnam, officially "red flag with a gold star" (cờ đỏ sao vàng), was designed in 1940. The background color is red and there is a yellow star. Red means revolution and victory while the yellow star means leadership of Communist Party of Vietnam. The star also means different grades of Vietnam. 

Joe Maddon

Joe Maddon (born 1954) is the manager of the Los Angeles Angels in Major League Baseball. From 2015 until 2019 Maddon was the manager of the Chicago Cubs. He led the Cubs to a World Series victory in 2016. He previously managed the Tampa Bay Rays.


Hurricane Ingrid

Hurricane Ingrid was a strong Category 1 hurricane which struck eastern Mexico at the same time another storm struck the western parts. The storm claimed the lives of 32 people in Mexico. The winds of Ingrid reached at its peak. The storm, however, weakened before heading into Mexico as a severe tropical storm in September 2013. The name "Ingrid" was later retired. It was replaced with "Imelda" for 2019.

Antonio Ghislanzoni

Antonio Ghislanzoni (25 November 1824 – 16 July 1893) was an Italian writer. He wrote the libretti for Verdi's operas "La forza del destino" (1869) and "Aida" (1871). He was born in Lombardy and died in Bergamo.

Baidu Baike

Baidu Baike (Chinese: 百度百科) is an online encyclopedia owned by Baidu, a Chinese search engine. It started providing service in 2006. By August 2013 Baidu Baike had about five million articles. This compares with about 700,000 articles in the Chinese Wikipedia. Early in 2018 these numbers were about fifteen million and one million. In 2023, these number of articles rose to 25.5 million articles.

Baidu Baike censors its content to the requirements of the Chinese government.


Culture of Nepal

Nepal has a unique culture. Its cultural heritage has developed over several thousands of years. It covers Nepal's many ethnic, tribal and social classes.

There are at least 92 living languages spoken in Nepal, though some studies list 123. Nepal's languages come from three major language groups: Indo-Aryan, Tibeto-Burman and indigenous. The official national language of Nepal is Nepali, written in Devanagari script. It is the first language of about half the country's population, and is used by people of most ethnic groups to communicate with each other.

Both Hinduism and Buddhism in Nepal date back more than 2000 years. The 2001 census recorded that 80.6% of the population was Hindu. Buddhism was practiced by about 11% of the population, although many people often practice their own mix of Hindu, Buddhist, and/or animist traditions. About 3.2% practice Islam. Another 3.6% of the population follows the native Kirant religion. Christianity is practiced officially by less than 0.5%.

Nepalese people have several festivals that they celebrate each year. The longest and the most important of these is Dashain. It is celebrated for 15 days, and is dedicated to the Hindu goddess Durga. Most festivals include dancing and music, as well as all kinds of local food.

Some Nepalese dances include:



Surface water

Surface water is water on the surface of the planet, above the ground. It is the water in rivers, lakes, wetlands and oceans. It is different to groundwater, which is in the soil, and atmospheric water, which is in the sky.

Fresh surface water is added to by precipitation and by taking ground-water from the ground. It is lost through evaporation, where it becomes atmospheric water, or through seepage into the ground, where it becomes ground water. It is also lost through use by plants for transpiration, animals for drinking, or by humans for agriculture, washing and other purposes. Fresh water is also discharged to the ocean, where it becomes salt water.


Nature photography

Nature photography is photography of natural things such as landscapes, wildlife, and plants. It can include close-ups of natural scenes and textures. Nature photography tends to put a stronger emphasis on making the photo look good than other forms of photography like photojournalism and documentary photography. Nature photographs are published in scientific, travel and cultural magazines.

Tetanurae

Tetanurae (/ˌtɛtəˈnjuːriː/ or "stiff tails") are a clade which includes most theropod dinosaurs, including birds. Tetanurans first appear in the Jurassic. It is a large group of theropod dinosaurs. Jacques Gauthier used the term when he first applied cladistics to vertebrate paleontology.

The term refers to the stiff tail which was held above the ground as a counterweight when the animal walked or ran.

Tetanurae are defined as all theropods more closely related to modern birds than to "Ceratosaurus". Gauthier considered it to consist of Carnosauria and Coelurosauria. Modern birds are the only living representatives of the clade Tetanurae.

Fight Club (novel)

Fight Club is a novel by Chuck Palahniuk. It was published in 1996 by W. W. Norton & Company. It was well received. The story is about an insomniac and a man named Tyler Durden. They start a fight club as a form of mental therapy. The book was made into a movie of the same name starring Brad Pitt and Edward Norton.

St Augustine's Abbey

St Augustine's Abbey was a Benedictine abbey in Canterbury, Kent, England. It is named after Saint Augustine of Canterbury. It was founded during the early introduction of Christianity to the Anglo-Saxons.

The original church was built at the end of the 6th century. It was ordered by King Æthelberht of Kent. Building started in 598.

The ruins of St Augustine's Abbey, together with Canterbury Cathedral and St Martin's Church, were named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1988. As a group, they are buildings which show the development of Christianity in Britain.


G-Unit Records

G-Unit Records is a record label started by the musician 50 Cent. It specializes in hip hop and rap music. It was started in 2005 and is part of the Universal Music Group. The company is based in New York City.

It has so far signed artists such as G-Unit, Lloyd Banks and Tony Yayo.


Yung Berg

Christian Ward (born September 9, 1986), better known by his stage name Hitmaka (used to be Yung Berg) is a rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer from Chicago. He's best known for the song "Sexy Lady" with Junior. He was featured in the song "Sexy Can I" by Ray J.

Heart of a Dog

Heart of a Dog is a novel by Mikhail Bulgakov. It is a biting satire of the "New Soviet man". It was written in 1925 at the height of the NEP period, when Communism seemed to be weakening in the Soviet Union. 

Its theme is "the [Communist] revolution's misguided attempt to radically transform mankind". It has elements of fantasy and science fiction, and wit and humour. 

The book's publication was at first forbidden in the Soviet Union. It circulated in samizdat until it was officially released in the country in 1987. It is "one of novelist Mikhail Bulgakov's most beloved stories" featuring a stray dog "named Sharik, who takes human form" as a slovenly but self-important New Soviet Man. The dog's internal monologue at the start, grumbling at his life in the city, sets the scene for the novel.

Moscow, 1924.
After a terrible day, a stray dog thinks about his bad luck to live on the streets of Moscow. Then, to his surprise, successful surgeon Filip Filippovich Preobrazhensky arrives and offers the dog a piece of sausage. Overjoyed, the dog follows Filip back to his flat, where he is given a stock dog name, Sharik.

At the house, Sharik gets to know Dr. Preobrazhensky's household, which includes Doctor Bormenthal, Professor's student and protegé and two female servants. Despite the Professor's vocal anti-communism, his frequent medical treatment of the Party leaders makes him untouchable. He refuses to reduce the size of his seven-room flat, and treats the Bolsheviks on the housing committee with contempt. Impressed by his new master, Sharik slips easily into the role of "a gentleman's dog".

After Sharik's health improves, the Professor prepares to operate on him. Sharik is dragged by the scruff of the neck into the lab. There, he is sedated and an operation begins. As Bormenthal assists, the Professor gives him a human pituitary gland and human testicles. 

During the weeks after the operation, the household is stunned as Sharik begins transforming into an incredibly unkempt human. In the aftermath, the Professor and Bormenthal patiently attempt to teach Sharikov basic etiquette. Instead, Sharikov mocks the idea of manners as relics of Tsarism. He insists that it is better to behave, as he puts it, "naturally". As a result, Sharikov curses in front of women, refuses to shave, and dresses like a slob.

Meanwhile, Sharikov turns the Professor's life into a living hell. He is caught attempting to rape one of the female servants. Enraged, Bormenthal beats Sharikov up and forces him to apologize. Infuriated, Sharikov leaves the apartment and remains gone for several days.

Later, Bormenthal begs the Professor for permission to dose Sharikov with arsenic, calling him a man with "the heart of a dog". The Professor is horrified and orders Bormenthal not to "slander the dog". He explains that the human body parts, which came from a drunk, are responsible for all of Sharikov's defects. Bormenthal then suggests that they redo the operation, using the body of a genius. Again the Professor refuses, explaining that the operation was meant to improve the human race. Breaking with his former beliefs, the Professor admits that any peasant woman could give birth to a genius and that eugenics are a waste of time. In conclusion, the Professor refuses to permit Sharikov's murder or to undo the operation, which could easily kill him as well.

Soon after, Sharikov returns, explaining that he has been granted a job by the Soviet State. He now spends his work-day strangling vagrant cats, whose fur is used to imitate that of squirrels. Soon after Sharikov brings home a female co-worker, whom he introduces to the Professor as his new common law wife. 

Instead of giving them their own room, as Sharikov demands, the Professor takes the woman aside and explains that Sharikov is the product of a lab experiment gone horribly wrong. The woman, who had believed that Sharikov was a Red Army veteran wounded during the Russian Civil War, leaves the apartment in tears. Seething with hatred, Sharikov threatens to fire her. Again Bormenthal beats Sharikov up and makes him promise not to do anything of the sort.

The following day, a senior Party official arrives and tells the Professor that Sharikov has denounced him to the secret police, the Cheka. Explaining that nothing is going to happen to him due to the State's distrust of Sharikov, the Party official departs. When Sharikov returns, the Professor and Bormenthal order him to leave the flat permanently. Instead, Sharikov refuses and draws a revolver. Enraged, the Professor and Bormenthal pounce upon him. 

That night, an ominous silence reigns in the flat and the lights are left on for many hours after bedtime. Over the days that follow, the Professor and Bormenthal look far more relaxed than at any time before Sharikov's arrival. Eventually, the police arrive with a search warrant. They demand to see Sharikov. Unintimidated, the Professor orders Bormenthal to summon Sharikov, who is slowly being transformed back into a dog. The Professor explains the change as a natural phenomenon, although it is obvious to the reader that in fact he and Bormenthal have simply performed the reverse operation. The police depart.

In the aftermath, the fully canine Sharik blissfully resumes his status as a gentleman's dog. However, he is soon terrified to see the Professor bringing home a human brain and removing the pituitary gland...


Through the Looking-Glass

Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There is a children's novel by Lewis Carroll. John Tenniel drew the pictures. The book was published by Macmillan in 1871. It is a sequel to "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".

The book is a series of dream-like fantasy episodes. The theme which ties them together is Alice's journey as a pawn from the start of a fantasy game of chess until she reaches the eighth rank and becomes a queen.

The story is about the strange world Alice discovers when she passes through a looking-glass (mirror) above a fireplace at home. The setting is a game of chess. Well known characters from the book include Tweedledum and Tweedledee, the Walrus and the Carpenter, the White Knight, and the Garden of Live Flowers.

Alice meets the White Queen, who is very absent-minded but boasts of her ability to remember future events. Alice and the White Queen advance into the chessboard's fifth rank by crossing over a stream together. At the moment of the crossing, the Queen transforms into a talking Sheep in a small shop. Alice soon finds herself struggling to handle the oars of a small rowboat, where the Sheep annoys her with (seemingly) nonsensical shouting about "crabs" and "feathers". Unknown to Alice, these are standard terms in the jargon of rowing. Thus (for a change) the Queen/Sheep was speaking in a perfectly logical and meaningful way.

The book has several famous nonsense poems, such as "Jabberwocky" and "The Walrus and the Carpenter". and many examples of word play such as puns and made-up words, in addition to portmanteau words.

John Tenniel

Sir John Tenniel (28 February 1820 – 25 February 1914) was a British illustrator. He is famous for drawing the pictures in "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and "Through the Looking-Glass". He was knighted by Queen Victoria in 1893. He was born and died in London.

Project for Public Spaces

The Project for Public Spaces (also called PPS) is a non-profit organization dedicated to public participation in planning urban spaces in cities. The organization works in the subjects of architecture, landscape architecture, urban planning, urban design, urban geography, psychology, art, and information management.

The institute was established in 1975 and is located in New York, United States. The organization works in over 2,500 communities in 40 countries around the world.


Sylvie and Bruno

Sylvie and Bruno is a novel by Lewis Carroll. It was published in 1889 by Macmillan. Its companion novel Sylvie and Bruno Concluded was published in 1893 by Macmillan. The first volume is set in the real world, but the second volume is set in fairyland. The books were not so well received as the "Alice" books.


Association of Spanish Language Academies

The Association of Spanish Language Academies () is the highest institution of the Spanish language. It works in all countries that speak Spanish. It was established in 1951 in Mexico. The Association of Spanish Language Academies is headquartered in Madrid, Spain. It also has 22 other member organizations located in 21 other countries.


Académie Française

The Académie française (English: "The French Academy") is France's main authority on the French language. It was created in Paris on 22 February 1635. Like the French Academy of Sciences, it is one of five academies in the Institut de France.


The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin

The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin is a picture book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It was published by Frederick Warne & Co. in August 1903. The story is about a squirrel named Nutkin who annoys an owl called Old Brown. The owl grabs the squirrel's tail and pulls it off. Potter's next book was "The Tale of Peter Rabbit". 
Squirrel Nutkin's brother Twinkleberry, Nutkin and their many cousins sail to Owl Island. They made a boat of twigs. They offer the owl Old Brown gifts. They ask his permission to collect nuts on his island. Old Brown lets the squirrels pick nuts. Squirrel Nutkin dances and sings silly riddles to the owl, every day. Finally Nutkin makes the Old Brown mad. The owl catches Nutkin. Nutkin escapes, but loses most of his tail. After this he becomes furious when he is asked riddles.


The Story of Babar

The Story of Babar () is a French picture book written and illustrated by Jean de Brunhoff. It was published in 1931. It was published in English in 1933. The story is about a little elephant who travels to the civilized world. He brings back to his jungle animal friends what he has discovered to benefit them.

Central Hindi Directorate

The Central Hindi Directorate (, Kendriya Hindi Nideshalaya) is the highest authority on the Hindi language. It is based in New Delhi, India. It is organised under India's Ministry of Human Resource Development.

Russian Language Institute

The V.V. Vinogradov Russian Language Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences () is the highest authority on the Russian language. It is in Moscow, Russia. It was established in 1944 as a part of the Russian Academy of Sciences.


Australian Academy of Science

The Australian Academy of Science is the highest institution for sciences in Australia. It was established in 1954. The academy is based in Canberra in the Shine Dome building beside the Australian National University campus.

The academy is modelled after the Royal Society and operates under a Royal Charter. It is independent from the government. The purpose of the academy is to promote science and science education in Australia.


Chinese Academy of Sciences

The Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS, formerly: Academia Sinica) is the supreme institution for all the natural science organisations in China. The academy was established in 1949 in Beijing.


Jerome

Jerome (; ; ; – 30 September 420), was a Christian priest, theologian and historian. He lived in the Roman Empire. He is best known for translating the Bible into Latin (the Vulgate). He is recognised as a saint by the Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church, the Lutheran Church, and the Church of England (Anglican Communion).


Bell hooks

Gloria Jean Watkins (September 25, 1952 – December 15, 2021), better known by her pen name bell hooks was an award-winning African-American radical feminist writer and speaker. bell hooks takes her name from her great-grandmother Bell Blair Hooks. Her pen name does not use capital letters because the ideas in her writing are more important than the fact that she wrote them.

She was born in Kentucky and grew up in a working class family. When she was very young, she was in a racially segregated school where she did not learn with white students. Later, she went to a high school that had many white students and teachers. She went to Stanford University, University of Madison-Wisconsin, and University of California, Santa Cruz. In 1976 she started teaching at the University of California.

In 1978 she published a collection of poems called "And There We Wept: Poems". In 1981 she published her first academic book called "Ain't I a Woman? Black Women and Feminism. "In it, hooks talks about the racism and sexism black women face in the civil rights and feminist movements. hooks started writing "Ain't I a Woman? "when she was 19, and it took her 6 years to write and 8 years to find a publisher. Afterwards, hooks became popular and many wanted to hear her ideas. She is considered an important leftist (anti-capitalism) and postmodern political thinker.

In 1984, she wrote a book called "Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center. "The main idea focuses on the idea that feminism is about making women equal to men. hooks says this does not make sense, because men are not equal due to things like racism and classism - the divide between rich and poor. hooks talks about feminism that is more inclusive. hooks asks women to understand they are different but still accept each other. This idea of gender relating to race and class is called intersectionality. hooks also says men must do their part in helping to stop the patriarchy.

hooks has written over 30 books. Her work deals with the idea of a white-supremacist-capitalist-patriarchy. This is the idea that white people rule, capitalism rules, and men rule. By combining them into one term, hooks says they are connected. She also talks about how communities that love are able to overcome these problems.

hooks also thinks education is important, and has written seven books to help educate children. The most popular is "Happy to Be Nappy."

She has been in several documentaries about politics. "Happy to be Nappy" was made into an award-winning documentary in 2004 called" Happy to be Nappy and Other Stories of Me". In" Give a Damn Again" she talks with Cornel West.

hooks died at her home in Berea, Kentucky from kidney failure, on December 15, 2021, at the age of 69.


Great Smoky Mountains National Park

Great Smoky Mountains National Park is a national park in Tennessee and North Carolina in the United States. It is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The park is along the Great Smoky Mountains, which are part of the Blue Ridge Mountains. It is connected to Shenandoah National Park in Virginia by the Blue Ridge Parkway. It is the most visited national park in the United States.

There are many elevations in the park. The lowest place is Abrams Creek at . The highest point is Clingmans Dome at . Sixteen mountains in the park reach higher than 6,000 feet (1829 m).

Park officials say there are more than 200 species of birds, 66 species of mammals, 50 species of fish, 39 species of reptiles, and 43 species of amphibians, including many lungless salamanders. The park has about 1,500 black bear In 2001 elk were brought to the park.

Over 100 species of trees grow in the park. The lower forests are mostly deciduous leafy trees. At higher altitudes, there are more coniferous trees. The park has over 1,400 flowering plant species and over 4,000 species of non-flowering plants.

There are 850 miles (1,368 km) of trails and unpaved roads in the park for hiking. The park also offers backpacking and camping.

Magna Graecia

Magna Graecia is a name for coastal areas of Southern Italy on the Gulf of Taranto. This part of Italy had many Greek settlers. Magna Graecia is Latin and means "Great Greece".

The settlers began arriving in the 8th century BC. After the Pyrrhic War in the 3rd century BC the area was added into the Roman Republic.

The History of Little Goody Two-Shoes

The History of Little Goody Two-Shoes is a children's book. It was published in London in 1765 by John Newbery. The story is about a poor orphan girl who has only one shoe. A rich man gives her a pair of shoes. She is then known as Goody Two Shoes. She becomes a teacher and marries a rich widower. The name 'Goody Two Shoes' has come to mean anyone who is virtuous. It is not known who wrote the book. Some say Oliver Goldsmith, some say John Newbery himself.


Gloria E. Anzaldúa

Gloria Evangelina Anzaldúa (September 26, 1942 – May 15, 2004) was an award-winning American radical feminist writer. She died from diabetes. Before she died she had been writing a book. She edited "This Bridge Called My Back: Writings By Radical Women of Color" with Cherríe Moraga. Her most well known book is "Borderlands/La Frontera: The New Mestiza". She was born in the Rio de Grande valley of south Texas. She was a lesbian. She wrote books for children in English and Spanish. They are illustrated by Consuelo Mendez.


Her work "" was recognized as one of the 38 best books of 1987 by "Library Journal" and 100 Best Books of the Century by both "Hungry Mind Review" and "Utne Reader".

In 2012, she was listed as one of the 31 LGBT history "icons" by the organisers of LGBT History Month.

Kalākaua

Kalākaua I (November 16, 1836 - January 20, 1891) was the last king of Hawaii. His full name was David Laamea Kamanakapuu Mahinulani Nalaiaehuokalani Lumialani Kalākaua. He was sometimes called "The Merrie Monarch". He was king from February 12, 1874 until his death on January 20, 1891.

Kalākaua's parents were a high chief and a high chiefess. He had two older siblings and six younger siblings. When he was four, he started school. He became fluent in English and the Hawaiian language. He started studying law at age 16. However, his government positions kept him from completing his legal training. By 1856, Kalākaua was a major on the staff of King Kamehameha IV. He had also led a political organization known as the Young Hawaiians. Kalākaua also served in the Department of the Interior. In 1863, he was appointed postmaster general.

The king before Kalākaua was King Lunalilo. He died on February 3, 1874. Kalākaua was elected to replace him. Kalākaua named his brother, William Pitt Leleiohoku, as his heir.

Kalākaua started his reign with a tour of the Hawaiian islands. This made him more popular. In October 1874, he sent representatives to the United States to negotiate a treaty. In November, Kalākaua went to Washington DC to meet Ulysses S. Grant. An agreement was reached and the treaty was signed on January 30, 1875. The treaty allowed certain Hawaiian goods, mainly sugar and rice, to come into the United States tax-free.

During the early part of Kalākaua's reign, he dismissed many cabinets and appointed new ones. This drew criticism from people who wanted Hawaiian government to be like the United Kingdom's constitutional monarchy. They believed the legislature should control the cabinet ministers rather than the king. This struggle continued throughout Kalākaua's reign.

In 1881, King Kalākaua left Hawaii on a trip around the world. He went to study immigration and to improve foreign relations. He also wanted to study how other rulers ruled. In his absence, his sister and heir, Princess Liliuokalani, ruled as regent. (Prince Leleiohoku, the former heir, had died in 1877.) The King received a royal welcome in San Francisco. In the Empire of Japan, he met with the Meiji Emperor. He continued through Qing Dynasty China, Siam under King Chulalongkorn (Rama V), Burma, British Raj India, Egypt, Italy, Belgium, the German Empire, Austria-Hungary, the French Third Republic, Spain, Portugal, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and back through the United States. During this trip, he met with many other heads of state, including Pope Leo XIII, Umberto I of Italy, Tewfik, Viceroy of Egypt, William II of Germany, Rama V of Siam, President Chester Arthur, and Victoria of the United Kingdom. In this, he became the first king to travel around the world.
Kalākaua also built ʻIolani Palace. It cost $300,000, an amount unheard of at the time. Many of the furnishings in the palace were ordered by Kalākaua while he was in Europe.

Kalākaua decided to build the Kamehameha Statue. It honored Kamehameha I, the first king of the whole Hawaiian Islands. The original statue was lost when the ship carrying it sank near the Falkland Islands. A replacement was ordered and unveiled by the king in 1883. The original statue was later repaired and sent to Hawaii in 1912. A third statue, erected in 1969, is in the United States Capitol. It is the only statue there that commemorates a native Hawaiian.

King Kalākaua is said to have wanted to build a Polynesian Empire. In 1886, the legislature gave the government $30,000 for the formation of a Polynesian confederation. The King sent representatives to Sāmoa. There Malietoa Laupepa agreed to a confederation between the two kingdoms. This confederation did not last very long, because King Kalākaua lost power the next year to the Bayonet Constitution.

By 1887, some people were very frustrated with Kalākaua. They blamed him for the Kingdom's growing debt. They accused him of being a spendthrift. Some foreigners wanted to force him to abdicate and put his sister Liliuokalani onto the throne. Others wanted to end the monarchy altogether and make the islands part of the United States. The people who wanted to be part of the United States formed a group called the Hawaiian League. In 1887, members of the League armed with guns got together. The King was frightened by this show of force. He offered to transfer his powers to the foreign ministers representing the United States, the United Kingdom, or Portugal. The members of the league instead asked him to sign a new constitution.

This new constitution was nicknamed the Bayonet Constitution. It took away much of the King's executive power. It took away the voting rights of most native Hawaiians. The legislature could override a veto by the King. The King was no longer allowed to take action without approval of the cabinet. The House of Nobles, the house of legislature appointed by the King, was to be elected. Non-Hawaiian citizens could now vote. Robert Wilcox led a counter-revolution to give power back to the king, but it failed.

By 1890, the King was ill. Under the advice of his physician, he went to San Francisco. His health continued to get worse. He died on January 20, 1891 at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco. His final words were, "Tell my people I tried."

Kalākaua's remains were sent to Honolulu aboard the American cruiser USS "Charleston". Because he did not have any children, his sister, Liliuokalani, became queen.

King Kalākaua was called "the Merrie Monarch" because he loved the joyful things in life. While he was king, people started to do hula again. (It had been banned by Queen Kaahumanu in 1830.) There is a hula festival named for him, the Merrie Monarch Festival. He also brought back the Hawaiian martial art of Lua, and surfing. He and his brother and sisters were known as the "Royal Fours" for their musical talents. He wrote "Hawaii Ponoi", which is the state song of Hawaii today. Kalākaua strongly supported the ukulele as a Hawaiian instrument.

"Kalākaua Avenue" in Waikiki is named after him. It is the main avenue of Waikiki. It goes from the Ala Wai Canal to Waikiki beach. It continues almost to the Diamond Head crater.


Psychological abuse

Psychological abuse may also be called psychological violence, emotional abuse or mental abuse. 

It is when a person puts another person under abuse which may result in psychological trauma. The abuse may result in anxiety, chronic depression, or post-traumatic stress disorder. This kind of behaviour is an extreme kind of bullying.

This abuse happens most often when one person has power over another. 
It may result in narcissism, depression, anxiety, and other disorders.

The term does not mean physical abuse. The most common thing to happen is verbal abuse. Blaming, shaming, and name calling are signs of verbal abuse which can affect a victim emotionally. 

Anniversary

An anniversary is a day on which people remember or celebrate an event that happened on the same date in a past year. The most common example is a birthday, where the birth of a person is celebrated every year on the month and day of which they were born. The first "anniversary" of something is celebrated exactly one year after the initial event occurred. The word was first used for Catholic feasts to commemorate saints.

Other examples of common anniversaries are those of weddings and deaths. Having anniversaries for sad incidents can be for remembering someone special, like a famous person that touched many peoples lives or to remember a tragic incident, so that it doesn't happen again. Most countries around the world celebrate national anniversaries. These could be the date of independence of the nation or the adoption of a new constitution, or the coronation of a monarch.

There are different Latin names used for anniversaries depending on the number of years that has passed since the initial event. For example, "biennial" means that two years has passed, "decennial" means that ten years has passed, and "centennial" means that 100 years has passed. For example, many countries have held a big celebration in the 100th anniversary of their country.



Arrondissement of Muret

The arrondissement of Muret is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Garonne "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Muret.

When the Haute-Garonne department was created in 1790, Muret was one of the districts of the department and, with the creation of "arrondissements" in 1800, the "arrondissement" of Muret was part of that original department, but it was eliminated in 1803 and, in 1806, became again an "arrondissement".

In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Muret was eliminated again but, in 1942, it was made again an "arrondissement".

It is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , but it is the second in population with 215,606 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km²

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Toulouse, to the south by the Ariège (Occitanie) department, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Gaudens and to the northwest by the Gers (Occitanie) department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Muret, there are three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Cazères, Escalquens and Plaisance-du-Touch. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondiissements":

The "arrondissement" of Muret has 126 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Saint-Gaudens

The arrondissement of Saint-Gaudens is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Garonne "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Saint-Gaudens.

When the Haute-Garonne department was created in 1790, Saint-Gaudens was one of the districts of the department and, with the creation of "arrondissements" in 1800, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Gaudens was part of that original department.

It is the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of ; most of the "arrondissement" lies on the Pyrenees mountain range. It is the "arrondissement" of Haut-Garonne with fewest people living there, with a population with 77,545 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km²

The "arrondissement" is bordered north by the Gers (Occitanie) department, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Muret, to the east by the Ariège (Occitanie) department, to the south by Spain and to the west by the Hautes-Pyrénées (Occitanie) department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Gaudens, there is only one canton where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement", the canton of Cazères. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondiissements":

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Gaudens has 237 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Toulouse

The arrondissement of Toulouse is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Garonne "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and préfecture of the department, is the city of Toulouse.

When the Haute-Garonne department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Toulouse was part of that original department and was made the capital (préfecture) of it.

It is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It is the most populated "arrondissement" with 1,024,517 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km²

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Tarn-et-Garonne department, to the northeast by the Tarn department, to the southeast by the Aude department, to the south by the Ariège department, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Muret and to the west by the Gers department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Toulouse, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement", the cantons of Escalquens and Plaisance-du-Touch. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondiissements":

The "arrondissement" of Toulouse has 226 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí

San Luis Potosí, commonly called S.L.P or simply San Luis, is the capital and largest city of San Luis Potosí, Mexico. The city lies at an elevation of . It has a population of 735,886 inhabitants.

Morelia

Morelia is a city and municipality in north central Michoacán in central Mexico. The city is in the Guayangareo Valley and is the capital of the state.

Wine (bishop)

Wine or Wini ( before 672) was a 7th century Bishop. He was the first Bishop of Winchester. He later became the Bishop of London.

Wine had been ordained in Gaul. In Wessex King Cenwalh of Wessex had grown tired of his current bishop, Agilbert, who apparently did not speak the Anglo-Saxon language. Wine did speak Anglo-Saxon and was invited by Cenwalh to come to Wessex. Cenwalh built a new church at Winchester; dividing his kingdom into two dioceses. There, Wine was the first bishop of Winchester in 660. Agribert took offense at not being consulted and returned to Gaul. King Oswiu of Northumbria appointed a monk named Chad to be bishop to the Northumbrians. He sent Chad to Canterbury to be consecrated Bishop of York. On Chad's arrival in Kent, however, he discovered Archbishop Dusdedit had died. As no successor had yet been appointed, Chad went to Bishop Wine in Wessex to be consecrated. Wine was the only consecrated Bishop in England at the time recognized by the Church at Rome.

Wine was later expelled by Cenwalh and went to King Wulfhere of Mercia. Bede stated that Wine purchased the see (diocese) of London from Wulfhere. Wine remained the Bishop of London until his death. 
Wine died in 671.

As-Suwayda

As-Suwayda' ( / ALA-LC: "as-Suwaydā’"), also spelled "Sweida", is a city in southwestern Syria. Its people mainly follow Druzism. It is the capital of Muhafazat as-Suwayda', one of Syria's 14 governorates.

Ar-Raqqah

Ar-Raqqah ( / ALA-LC: "ar-Raqqah"), also spelled "Rakka", is a city in north central Syria. It is the capital of the Ar-Raqqah Governorate.

Al Mahwit Governorate

Al Mahwit ( "") is one of the governorates of Yemen.


'Amran Governorate

'Amran ( "") is a governorate of Yemen.


 

Raymah Governorate

Raymah ( "") is a governorate of Yemen. It was established in January 2004.


Táchira

Táchira () is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital is San Cristóbal.

Zulia

Zulia () is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital is Maracaibo.

Zulia is divided into 21 municipalities ("municipios"):

Cenwalh of Wessex

Cenwalh (also spelled Coenwalh, 4 April 615 – 27 October 672) was a the King of Wessex from 642 to 645 and again from 648 until his death in 672. He was also a Claimant to the West Saxon throne from 645 to 648. He was deposed by his former brother-in-law, King Penda of Mercia because Cenwalh divorced Penda's sister, Ardith.

During Cenwalh's rule, Wessex continued to expand and the kingdom's relations with Mercia soured even more than ever. He was also a great soldier, actively fighting in Battles and Wars. In 623 when he was just eight, Cenwalh alongside his father, Cynegils and their family, converted to Roman Catholicism.

Cenwalh was considered a great ruler who cared about his people than himself. He followed the footsteps of his father to becoming one of Wessex's greatest kings.

Cenwalh died in Winchester from Tuberculosis on the afternoon of 27 October 672, at the age of 57. He was succeeded by his second wife, Seaxburh.

Cenwalh was the son of King Cynegils. When his father died in 643 Cenwalh succeeded him as king of Wessex. He married a sister of Penda of Mercia who was the power in the region at that time. When Cenwalh her (set her aside) in favor of another wife, Penda invaded Wessex. Penda drove Cenwalh into exile in East Anglia. He remained in East Anglia for three years with King Anna of East Anglia. There he learned about Christianity and was baptised. While in exile, Wulfhere, the son of Penda, took a great deal of territory away from Wessex. He gave the Isle of Wight to Aethelwalh, King of Sussex.

Cenwalh was restored to his kingdom . How he was allowed to return is not recorded. Nor is it recorded who ruled Wessex in his absence. But an entry in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for the year 648 seems to indicate it might have been Cuthred, the son of Cwichelm. Cenwalh gave Cuthred three thousand hides of land (300–450 square miles) of land at Ashdown in Berkshire. This may have been most, if not all, of Berkshire. This was much larger than an estate a king might give a family member. Cenwalh seems to have left the Thames river basin as a result of pressure from Mercia. That made Berkshire his northern frontier with Mercia.

When Bishop Birinus died in 650, Cenwalh invited Agilbert, a Frankish monk to come to Wessex as the new bishop of Dorchester. But after some time Cenwalh grew tired of not being able to understand the bishop, who apparently did not speak the Anglo-Saxon language. Cenwalh created a new diocese at Winchester in 660 and made Wine the first bishop. Agilbert took offense at not being consulted and returned to Gaul. Wine was later expelled by Cenwalh and went to King Wulfhere of Mercia. Bede stated that Wine purchased the see (diocese) of London from Wulfhere. This left Wessex without a bishop. Cenwalh sent appeals to Agilbert to return to Wessex. Agilbert turned Cenwalh down saying his current duties as bishop of Paris prevented his return. But he sent his nephew Leutherius in his place. Cenwalh sent Leutherius to Theodore, Archbishop of Canterbury for consecration. Leutherius was welcomed in Wessex as the new bishop of Winchester.

In 652 Cenwalh was fighting at Bradford on Avon. Who he was fighting against is not entirely clear. But the Welsh were there led by Morgan Mwyfawr. At least one chronicle calls it a civil war implying he was also fighting other West Saxons. In 658 he defeated the British at Penselwood. He defeated them a second time at Postbury. By 661 he had regained control over Somerset. But Mercia was constantly pushing into his territory. It was also in 661 that Wulfhere of Mercia controlled all lands north of the Thames including the abbey at Dorchester. This was one reason Cenwalh created the new diocese at Winchester which was further away from Mercian control. Cenwalh's territory in the mid-660s was significantly reduced by the Mercians. Cenwalh died in 672. After his death his widow, Queen Seaxburh, did what she could to hold Wessex together.



Maracaibo

Maracaibo is a city in northwestern Venezuela. It is the second-largest city in the country and the capital of Zulia State. The population of the city is approximately 1,495,200 with the metropolitan area at 2,108,404 as of 2010.
Maracaibo is nicknamed La Tierra del Sol Amada ("The Beloved Land of the Sun").

Ricardo Montaner

Ricardo Montaner (born Héctor Eduardo Reglero Montaner on September 8, 1957) is an Argentine-born Venezuelan singer and songwriter. He has released more than 15 albums with numerous successful singles. He has sold over 22 million record worldwide.



Yaracuy

Yaracuy () is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. 

Yaracuy is divided into fourteen municipalities:

The state capital is San Felipe de Yaracuy. Other important towns are Aroa, Chivacoa, Cocorote, Marín, Nirgua, Sabana de Parra, Yaritagua, and Urachiche.

Yaracuy State covers a total surface area of 7,100 km². Population: 597,700 inhabitants (2007 est).

Apure

Apure () is one of the 23 states "(estados)" of Venezuela. The state capital is San Fernando de Apure.


Rebecca Nurse

Rebecca Towne Nurse (13 February 1621 – July 19, 1692) was a pious 71-year-old grandmother when she was hanged as a witch in Salem Village on July 19, 1692. Her death was the turning point in the Salem Witch Trials. People started to doubt the truthfulness of the girls said to be afflicted and tormented by those arrested and tried for witchcraft. 

Nurse was born in Great Yarmouth, England in 1621. In 1644, her family settled in Salem Village, Massachusetts Bay Colony (now Danvers, Massachusetts). About 1644, she married Francis Nurse, a tray-maker. The couple were highly esteemed in the colony because few could work wood into trays, cups, mugs, dishes and other useful objects. They had eight children.

The Nurses and the Putnams of Salem had several disputes over land. On March 23, 1692, a warrant was issued for Rebecca's arrest on suspicion of witchcraft. The Putnams were behind the arrest. Many villagers were angry that she had been accused of witchcraft. She was 70 years old and known to be a very pious woman. 

Her trial began on June 30, 1692. Many testified to her good character. The afflicted girls of the community however testified that she was tormenting them. She was found not guilty of witchcraft. Some wanted her found guilty and urged the judges to reconsider their verdict. They did, and she was found guilty.

She was hanged. Her body was buried near the gallows with others who were hanged for witchcraft. In the night, her relatives dug up her body. They buried it on the family homestead. This homestead is now a landmark. Nurse is a character in Arthur Miller's "The Crucible".

Food court

A food court, also called a food hall, is an area inside of a building which has a number of different restaurants and snack bars located around a single area where people sit at. Food courts may be found in shopping malls, airports, and parks. They may also be found in high schools and universities, where they replace or are additions to normal cafeterias.

Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment

Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment (also called Buena Vista Home Entertainment) is the division of The Walt Disney Company that distributes videos of movies to be played in the home. Disney began distributing videos under its own label in 1978 under the name Walt Disney Home Video.

The company distributes DVDs and Blu-ray discs under the labels Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment, Touchstone Home Entertainment, and Hollywood Pictures Home Entertainment.

It releases its Disney-branded movies under the brand name Disney DVD. Disney began releasing titles on DVD in 1997, although they were not released in this format in the UK until 2000. They stopped released videos in VHS format in 2006. They began releasing movies on Blu-ray disc in the same year, under the brand name Disney Blu-ray.

The Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection is a line of videos and DVDs released by The Walt Disney Company which ran from 2000 to 2001. The collection released before it was the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection. All titles released were released in both VHS and DVD except for "Toy Story", which was released on VHS only. It was also the only title in the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection to have the Walt Disney Company intro.



List of North American Numbering Plan area codes

This is a list of North American telephone area codes in effect for the North American Numbering Plan (NANP). The area to which an area code is officially assigned is known as a Numbering Plan Area (NPA).

An area code is part of a telephone number in the United States, Canada, and the Caribbean. It is the part of the telephone number after the county code. For example, in the number 1-562-555-5555, the 1 is the country code (for the United States), and 562 is the area code. An area code is typically assigned to a state, city or region.

The following is a list of area codes in the United States, with some of the major cities that use that area code. Sometimes two or three codes are assigned to the same area. 

The following is a list of area codes in Canada, with the major cities that use that area code. In Canada, some provinces share area codes. Sometimes two or three codes are assigned to the same area.


So Random!

So Random! is an American television series on the Disney Channel created by Steve Marmel. It is a musical sketch comedy that first began on June 5, 2011. It was announced as an independent series after Demi Lovato left the parent series, "Sonny with a Chance". The series features the actors who acted in "Sonny with a Chance", except for Lovato: Tiffany Thornton, Sterling Knight, Brandon Mychal Smith, Doug Brochu, and Allisyn Ashley Arm along with other featured actors who recur in the series. The series premiere was watched by 4.1 million viewers. The series only went for one season.

All of the main cast of "So Random!" came from its parent series, "Sonny with a Chance". 



Cwichelm of Wessex

Cwichelm (died circa 636) was the King of the Gewisse, although more commonly called the King of Wessex. He reigned from 626 until his death. He was a pagan king who became a Christian shortly before his death.

Cwichelm was the son of Cynegils, King of Wessex. He ruled jointly with his father. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for 614 says Cynegils and Cwichelm fought at a place named Beandun, which cannot be identified. The account went on to say they slew two thousand sixty-five Welsh. Another chronicle entry for 627 (corrected to 626) states an Eomer was sent by "Cwichelm, king of the West Saxons, thinking to stab king Eadwine". It goes on to say Eomer stabbed his thane, Lilla, and a Forthere but only wounding the king. The plot to kill the Northumbrian king failed and the following year Eadwine (Edwin) sent an army to punish Wessex. The next mention of Cwichelm in the chronicle is for the year 628. It states that Cyngils, king of Wessex, and Cwichelm his son 'fought with Penda at Cirencester and came to an agreement with him there'. The agreement seems to have been to give Cirencester to Penda. In 634 Pope Honorius I sent Bishop Birinus to England. When he reached the territory of the Gewisse (Wessex) he found them almost completely pagan. He began to convert the West Saxons to Christianity. In 635 Cynegils was baptized and King Oswald of Northumbria stood as his Godfather. In 636 Cwichelm was baptised at Dorchester. He died later in the same year (636). Although he died before his father, both were succeeded by his brother Cenwalh in 643.

Cwichelm had a son:


File hosting service

A file hosting service is an Internet service that stores files for its users. It allows users to upload files that could then be accessed over the internet from a different computer, tablet, smart phone or other networked device, after a password is provided. The files can possibly also be accessed by other users, depending on the service or what the user prefers.

A variation of this is one-click hosting, which allows users to easily upload one or more files from their hard drives (or from a remote location) on to the one-click host's server. Many web services provide free one-click hosting for image files. This gives the file an accessible URL that can be used to identify it on the internet.


Kamen Rider

Kamen Rider (Masked Rider) is a long-running Japanese Tokusatsu television series. It is first installment in the popular Kamen Rider Series. It is aimed at children. There is also a manga. It is about a superhero who rides a motorbike and wears a mask. The original airing consisted of a total 98 episodes and were broadcast from April 3, 1971 to February 10, 1973 on MBS and NET (now TV Asahi).

The series takes place in a world plagued by Shocker, a mysterious worldwide Terrorism organization formed by remaining member of the Nazi Party. To further its plans for Hegemony, Shocker recruited its agent through kidnapping, turning their victims into mutant Cyborg and, ultimately, Mind control them. However, one victim named Takeshi Hongo escaped just before the final brainwashing. With his sanity and moral conscience intact, Takeshi battle Shocker's minions as the grasshopper-themed cyborg superhero Kamen Rider. Another victim of the cyborg process, freelance photographer Hayato Ichimonji, became Kamen Rider 2 after Kamen Rider, who eventually renamed himself as "Kamen Rider 1", saved him from Shocker's brainwashing. Assisted by motorcycle race team manager Tobei Tachibana and FBI agent Kazuya Taki, the Kamen Riders fought in both solo and partnered missions against Shocker and its replacement organization, Gelshocker.




The Kamen Rider original series famously spearheaded launched the "Second Kaiju Boom" or "Henshin Boom" on Japanese television in the early 1970s, greatly impacting the superhero and action-adventure genre in Japan. The famous "henshin sequence", in which the title hero performs ritualistic poses and shouting a keyword to transform into his superhero form has since before a staple in Japanese pop-culture, inspiring superheroes and magical girl genres. Kamen Rider went to later produce a great number of spin-offs which remain in production today. Several Kamen Rider series were aired in Japan after the first Kamen Rider finished. After "Kamen Rider Black RX" ended production in 1989, the series was put on hold.

There were three movies released as the 1990's "Movie Riders", which were "", "Kamen Rider ZO" and "Kamen Rider J". After the original creator Shōtarō Ishinomori's death, the Kamen Rider franchise had continued in 2000 with "Kamen Rider Kuuga". As of 2021, thirty-two Kamen Rider series have been made, with the newest bring "Kamen Rider Revice" which in premiered September 2021.

As of 2005, a remake of the Kamen Rider series was made and reimagined with "Kamen Rider The First" and continued with "Kamen Rider The Next" released in 2007.

As of 2021, stating from "Kamen Rider: Beyond Generations", Hiroshi Fujioka's son, Maito will portray Takeshi Hongo's younger-self.


Holywell Green

Holywell Green is a small village in Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England. It is the name given to the east side of Stainland. There are also several hamlets in the surrounding area, such as Jagger Green and Old Lindley.

Saline

Saline may refer to:


Pihtipudas

Pihtipudas is a municipality in Finland. In August 2013, 4,386 people lived there. It is in Central Finland. It is next to the municipalities of Haapajärvi, Keitele, Kinnula, Pielavesi, Pyhäjärvi, Reisjärvi and Viitasaari. It contains the villages of Alvajärvi, Elämäjärvi, Ilosjoki, Korppinen, Kärväskylä, Muurasjärvi, Pihtipudas, Peninki, Rönny, Saani, Kojola and Seläntaus. The largest lakes nearby are Kolima, Alvajärvi and Muurasjärvi.


Red River Parish, Louisiana

Red River Parish () is a rural parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. Its parish seat and most populous municipality is Coushatta. It was created in 1871 by the state government. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,620.




Coronary artery bypass surgery

Coronary artery bypass surgery is a type of surgery that relieves chest pain, caused by lack of blood flow, and reduces the risk of death from heart disease. It is also known as coronary artery bypass graft (CABG, pronounced "cabbage") surgery, and known by doctors as heart bypass or bypass surgery. In this surgery, blood vessels from elsewhere in the patient's body are added to the heart vessels to go around blood vessels blocked by fat and get more blood into the heart so it can keep running. This surgery usually happens with the heart stopped, which makes machines that act as lungs and heart needed. However, it is possible to have the surgery with the heart still pumping, called "off-pump" surgery. 

Puck (Shakespeare)

Puck is a character in a play called "A Midsummer Night's Dream". This play was written by William Shakespeare. In this play, Puck is a servant to the Fairy King, Oberon. Puck has some amazing abilities. For example, he can travel around the world in 40 minutes. In spite of his abilities, Puck makes a few mistakes in the play that create confusion for the other characters. For example, he puts a love potion into the wrong person's eyes. He also plays tricks. He puts a donkey's head on one character. 

Puck was not Shakespeare's invention. He was a character in folklore called 'pouke'. He was known as early as 1000 AD. He was an evil, dangerous demon. By the time of Geoffrey Chaucer, he had become linked with the Biblical devil. By Shakespeare's day, he was known as Puck, Robin Goodfellow, and Hobgoblin. He was a goblin who made mischief. 

By the time of Shakespeare and other Elizabethan poets, Puck had become a combination of English folklore and English country life. Shakespeare writes that Puck would frighten the village girls, ruin the butter, and lead travelers in the night the wrong way. Mickey Rooney played Puck in a 1935 movie adaptation of Shakespeare's play. 

Shakespeare used a description of Puck from Reginald Scot's "The Discoverie of Witchcraft" (1584). Scot describes Puck with disapproval. He points out that people no longer believe in him. Scot also tells of a man whose head was replaced with the head of a donkey.

Shylock

Shylock is a key character and the antagonist in Shakespeare's 1596 or 1597 play "The Merchant of Venice". He is a Jewish moneylender.

Shylock agrees to a bond with Antonio, the merchant of Venice. This bond requires Antonio to give a pound of his flesh next his heart should the money not be repaid on a certain date. When Antonio fails, Shylock goes to court to get the pound of flesh. Antonio had previously insulted and spat on him in the Rialto (the commercial centre of Venice). This helps to explain why Shylock demanded his "pound of flesh".

Meanwhile, Shylock's daughter Jessica falls in love with Antonio's friend Lorenzo and converts to Christianity. This adds to Shylock's rage.

Shylock fails in court, and Antonio is released. Shylock is charged with attempted murder. Shylock is then forced to give half of his properties to the country and the other half to Antonio and to convert to Christianity.

Shylock has a famous speech beginning "Hath not a Jew eyes?" Famous actors who have played Shylock include Laurence Olivier.

In Shakespeare's time, no Jews had been "legally" present in England for several hundred years (since Edward I's Edict of Expulsion in 1290). But the idea of Jews as money lenders remained from the Middle Ages. Historically, money lending had been a fairly common occupation among Jews, perhaps because Christians were not allowed to practise usury.

Chico Albuquerque

Chico Albuquerque (25 April 1917 – 26 December 2000) was a Brazilian photographer. He was born in Fortaleza.

His parents were also photographers. He became specialized in portraits. In 1948, he was the first Brazilian photographer to produce an advertisement campaign for J. W. Thompson agency. Until then, advertisement in Brazil used just drawings and illustrations. His work was exhibited worldwide and received awards in Frankfurt, Turim and Buenos Aires.

On 26 December 2000, Chico Albuquerque suffered a stroke and died.




Nicolas Poussin

Nicolas Poussin (, , ; June 1594 – 19 November 1665) was a French painter. He painted scenes from Ovid and from the Bible.



Yeongwol County

Yeongwol County ("Yeongwol-gun") is a county in Gangwon Province, South Korea.

It is well known as the place where King Danjong, the sixth king of Joseon Dynasty, was exiled to, when he was forced to abdicate by his uncle, who became Sejo of Joseon. It is also where he is buried after he was murdered in 1457, because he was perceived to be a continuing threat to the rule of his uncle.

It is also where Joseon Dynasty poet Kim Sat-gat is buried.

A tourist attraction in this area is the Yeongwol Insectarium (), a private insect museum. It has a collection featuring a large quantity of insects from Korea and all around the world. It was founded by Professor Lee Dae-Am who is professional architect and an amateur entomologist, and was opened May 5, 2002. The building had been a school unti Lee Dae-Am turned it into the insectarium.

The aim of the museum is to create interest in insects, and to educate people on the importance of bugs to the world ecological systems. The Yeongwol insectarium has been recognized as one of the best visitor attractions.

It displays both living and dead insect collections, from butterflies to bees, dragonflies to grasshoppers. The insect displays are divided by three sections in the Exhibition Room. The display includes such specialities as Korean endangered species like the Baby-Dragonfly, the smallest dragonflies in the world, and the biggest and worldly rare beetle.


List of Lords Provost of Dundee

The Lord Provost of Dundee is the chairman of the local authority of Dundee in Scotland. They are elected by the city council and serve not only as the chair of that body, but as a figurehead and Lord Lieutenant for the city. They are equivalent in many ways to the role of mayor that exists in other countries.

Each of the 32 Scottish local authorities elects a Provost. Only the four largest cities (Glasgow, Edinburgh, Aberdeen and Dundee) that have a Lord Provost. The current Lord Provost of Dundee is Robert James "Bob" Duncan (born 1946). Duncan took office on 21 May 2012.

The Mediaeval burgh of Dundee was administered by officials known as "Bailies", Provosts and the office of "Constable of Dundee". The office of Provost as the single chief official of the burgh was not created until the 1480s. 



Government shutdown in the United States

In the United States, a government shutdown is a partial shutdown of some government services. It is not complete anarchy - essential services such as police remain active. The most recent shutdown occurred on December 22, 2018 through January 25, 2019 caused by a lack of agreement on an appropriations bill for the 2019 fiscal year. 

Cynegils of Wessex

Cynegils (23 May 587 — 5 September 642) was the King of Wessex from 611 until his death in 642. He was the son of King Ceol who died when Cynegils was young. He succeeded his uncle who was Ceol's younger brother, Ceolwulf, as king. During his reign, the kingdom expanded into northern Wiltshire and Somerset, southern Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire, and western Berkshire. He is depicted as one of Wessex's greatest and most powerful kings ever.

Cynegils was the grandson of Cutha. He was the son of Ceol of Wessex and probably the nephew of Ceolwulf. He ruled jointly with his son Cwichelm. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for the year 614 says Cynegils and Cwichelm fought together at a place named Beandun. The account said they slew two thousand sixty-five Welsh. This was a major victory for the West Saxons. Cynegils had some however during the middle of his reign. His son Cwichelm sent someone to try to kill King Edwin of Northumbria. When Edwin attacked Wessex in five Kings of Wessex were killed. The Northumbrian attack weakened the West Saxon army. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for 628 says that Cyngils, king of Wessex, and Cwichelm his son 'fought with Penda at Cirencester and came to an agreement with him there'. The 'agreement' seems to have been to give Cirencester to Penda. So this was a defeat for Cynegils and his son Cwichelm and a permanent loss of Cirencester.

In 634 Pope Honorius I sent Bishop Birinus to England. When he reached the territory of the Gewisse (Wessex) he found them almost completely pagan. He began to convert the West Saxons to Christianity. In 635 Cynegils was baptized by Birinus and King Oswald of Northumbria stood as his Godfather. This may have been a condition of the marriage between Oswald and Cynegils's daughter, Cyneburh. He gave Bishop Birinus the city of Dorchester and several churches so he could convert the pagans in Wessex. The conversion took some time to complete and several kings who followed were either pagan or converted to Christianity later in their reigns.

Cwichelm, his son, ruling as either co-king or , died in 636. From that time on Cynegils seems to have ruled Wessex by himself until his death in 643. He was succeeded by his son Cenwalh. Cynegils's reign marked the turning point for Wessex from bands of warriors to the beginnings of a united kingdom.

Cynegils had the following children:


Stingy Jack

Stingy Jack is a character in Irish folklore. He was a poor, dirty man who was often drunk. He outsmarted the devil at least three times.

He invited the devil to have a drink with him. Jack did not want to pay for the drink. He persuaded the devil to change himself into a coin. The devil did so, and Jack put the coin in his pocket. There was a silver cross in his pocket that made it impossible for the devil to return to his original shape. Jack eventually allowed the devil to resume his shape, but only after he promised not to bother Jack for a whole year and to not try to claim his soul when he died.

On another occasion, Jack persuaded the devil to climb an apple tree to gather apples. Jack quickly carved crosses into the trunk of the tree, making it impossible for the devil to come down. Jack allowed the devil to come down, but only after he promised not to bother Jack for ten years and not to claim his soul when he died.

On the third occasion, Jack died before the ten-year time limit. God did not want Jack in Heaven, so he was sent to Hell. The devil could not claim his soul, so Jack was sent back into the world. The devil gave him a glowing coal to light his way in the darkness. Jack put the coal into a hollowed-out turnip. He is said to still walk the earth with his lantern, and can be seen around All Saints Day November 1.

Jack became known as "Jack of the lantern". This name was shortened to "Jack-o'-lantern". In the United States, his lantern became a pumpkin rather than a turnip. Pumpkins were common in the U.S. and easier to carve. The story of Jack is little known, perhaps because he was an unsuitable role model for entertaining children.

Jimmy Hoffa

James Riddle Hoffa (born February 14, 1913 – disappeared July 30, 1975, declared dead July 30, 1982) was an American labor union leader. He was the President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT) union from 1958 until 1971. He disappeared in late July 1975, aged 62.

Jimmy Hoffa was born in Brazil, Indiana, on February 14, 1913. His family moved to Detroit in 1924. Hoffa lived in the Detroit area for the rest of his life. His first job was in a grocery store. He worked under an abusive boss, which is what gave him the idea of working with labor unions.

Hoffa left his job in 1932 and was soon working for the Teamsters union. This was mainly a union for truck drivers, though Hoffa never worked as a truck driver himself. He helped grow and manage the union in the Detroit area. In those years, the union was growing quickly.

The Teamsters union had always had links to organized crime, especially the American Mafia. These links grew as the union grew. As Hoffa became more important in the union, he began making agreements with the Mafia.

Hoffa became the head of the Detroit branch of the Teamsters union in 1946. In 1952, he became vice president of the Teamsters Union. In 1957, he then became its president. He would be re-elected in 1961 and 1966.

Under Hoffa, the Teamsters Union continued to grow. In 1964, he helped strike a contract that could cover all truck drivers in the United States. However, both the Teamsters Union and Hoffa were facing investigation for their links to organized crime. Soon after Hoffa became its president, this led to the Teamsters union being forced to leave the AFL-CIO (the main national organization of labor unions).

Hoffa was taken to jail in 1967 for fraud and jury tampering, and sentenced to 13 years. His vice president Frank Fitzsimmons began to run the union instead. In 1971, Fitzsimmons replaced Hoffa as president.

President of the United States Richard Nixon pardoned Hoffa in 1971, but in return, Hoffa could not work for a labor union again until 1980. Despite this, Hoffa began planning to return to leading the Teamsters union. However, he had many opponents, including some members of the Mafia who had once been his friends.

He was married to Josephine Poszywak from 1936 until his disappearance in 1975. They had two children. His daughter Barbara worked as a judge. His son James P. Hoffa has been the leader of the Teamsters union since 1999.

Hoffa vanished on 30 July 1975. He had gone to meet two members of the Mafia at a restaurant near Detroit. He was last seen waiting for them in the restaurant's parking lot.

He was declared legally dead in 1982. His disappearance gave rise to many theories as to what happened to him. Most theories believe that Hoffa was lured away and murdered by his enemies in the Mafia, who then found a way to get rid of his body. Examples of how this could have been done include taking it to a crematorium the Mafia owned or burying it in a hidden place. James Buccellato, an expert on crime, says it is unlikely the body was moved a long distance.

In 2013, the FBI searched a place north of Detroit after hearing news that Hoffa might have been buried there, but they did not find him.



Foreign relations of Bangladesh

The foreign relations of Bangladesh are the Bangladeshi government's policies with other countries. Since independence in 1971, Bangladesh has officially followed a principle of being friendly with all nations and not being enemies with any. As a member of the Non-Aligned Movement, Bangladesh has tended to not take sides with major powers. Since the end of the Cold War, the country has pursued better relations with its neighbours. It has strong relations with other Muslim countries. It does not recognise Israel.

Bangladesh joined the United Nations in 1974 and was elected to the Security Council in 1978–1980 and again in 2000–02. Foreign Minister Mr. Humayun Rasheed Choudhury was president of the 41st UN General Assembly in 1986.

Bangladesh has played a significant role in international peacekeeping activities. Nearly 10,000 Bangladeshi military personnel are overseas with UN peacekeeping forces. Bangladeshi troops have served or are serving in Somalia, Rwanda, Mozambique, Kuwait, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Haiti, and East Timor. In December 2021, Bangladesh was the largest provider of UN peacekeeping troops with 6608 people followed by Rwanda with 6335.

Myanmar is Bangladesh's eastern neighbour. A great amount of tension exists between the two countries. This is due to border disputes and the presence of over 270,000 Rohingya Muslim refugees in Bangladesh from mainly-Buddhist Myanmar. As a result of bilateral discussions, and with the cooperation and assistance of the UNHCR, most of the Rohingya refugees returned to Burma. As of 2000, about 22,000 refugees remain in camps in southern Bangladesh.

At the 2008 ASEAN Regional forum summit in Singapore, Bangladesh and Myanmar said they would solve their Maritime boundary disputes as quickly as possible especially that a UN deadline in claiming maritime territories would expire in three years time. Both countries discussed the possibility of linking the two countries together in an attempt to boost their trade and commerce relations. The estimate to complete the 25 km highway is three years and at the cost of $20 million. Another aspect of this plan is to connect the highway to the Asian Superhighway which would connect the two countries to China. Although these have not been solved, and tensions are worsening.

The relations between the two are historical, because the British started their conquest of British India from present-day Bengal region of Bangladesh. Bangladesh has been in the Commonwealth since 1972. There are many Bengalis within the community of Great Britain



Edin Osmanović

Edin Osmanović (born 20 May 1964) is a Slovenian UEFA Pro football coach. Since 2013, he has been the head coach of the Slovenian First Football League club Aluminij from Kidričevo. He previously coached that club from 2004 to 2006. He started his coaching career in Rudar Trbovlje. He later coached many clubs in the First League, including Publikum Celje, HIT Gorica, Rudar Velenje, Korotan Prevalje, Dravograd, Aluminij and Mura 05.

With Gorica, Osmanović finished second in the 1999–2000 season of the First League, entered the semi-finals of the 1999–2000 Slovenian Football Cup and played four matches on the UEFA Cup. That made it one of the club's most successful seasons. With Korotan, he won the Slovenian Indoor Soccer All-Stars Competition. With Dravograd, he became the runner-up of the 2003–04 Slovenian Football Cup. He also worked with other coaches like Stanko Poklepović; he was his assistant coach at Celje before taking over the position of head coach.

Folding-Fin Aerial Rocket

The Mk4 Folding-Fin Aerial Rocket (FFAR) is a rocket. It is also called Mighty mouse. United States military aircraft use this rocket. Military aircraft can not guide it after launch. It was made originally as an air-to-air rocket for shooting down enemy bombers from a further distance rather than machine guns and cannons. It is more effective on target rather than machine guns and cannons.

Purple bacteria

Purple bacteria are bacteria that are phototrophic, meaning that they are able to make energy from light. They change the energy from the Sun into chemical energy that they can use to function. They do this through photosynthesis. Purple bacteria belong to the group called proteobacteria. They are called purple bacteria because they are often purple in colour. They can also be red, brown and orange.

Jet fuel

Jet fuel is fuel used in certain types of aircraft. It is separated from crude oil in a fractionating tower.

Stedman Graham

Stedman Graham (born March 6, 1951) is an American businessperson, author, speaker and an educator. He is an African American who was born in Whitesboro, New Jersey. He is best known as Oprah Winfrey's partner.

Juliet (Shakespeare)

Juliet Capulet is a character in Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet". She is barely a young adult when she meets and falls in love with a family enemy, Romeo Montague. The two marry secretly. When Juliet's parents arrange a marriage with Count Paris for her, she takes a potion that will make her appear to be dead. Her body is taken to a crypt. She later comes back to life. When she discovers Romeo has killed himself, she kills herself. 

There have been countless adaptations. Norma Shearer and Olivia Hussey have played Juliet in the movies. The play was adapted to opera and ballet. Rudolph Nureyev and Margot Fonteyn have danced the "star-crossed lovers" in the ballet adaptation.

Mercutio

Mercutio is a character in Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet". He is a young man and friend to Romeo. When Romeo declines to participate in a duel with a family enemy, Mercutio takes Romeo's place and is killed as Romeo tries to end the duel. Mercutio is a talkative young man. His most famous speech is the Queen Mab speech.

Southwell, Nottinghamshire

Southwell is a town in Nottinghamshire, England. It has a large church called Southwell Minster.


Nepal Bhasa Wikipedia

The Nepal Bhasa Wikipedia is the Nepal Bhasa-language edition of Wikipedia. As of October 2013, it has over 70,000 articles.


Egyptian Arabic Wikipedia

The Egyptian Arabic Wikipedia is the Egyptian Arabic-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in November 2008. As of October 2013, it has over 10,000 articles. It was the first Wikipedia written in a dialect of Arabic.


Oriya Wikipedia

The Odia Wikipedia is the Odia-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in June 2002. As of April 2015, it has over 8,728 articles.


Gewisse

The Gewisse Latin: "Gewissæ") were a political group or band of Anglo-Saxons. They originally settled in the upper Thames river valley area. The Gewisse were the most powerful group in what would become the kingdom of Wessex.

The name 'Gewisse' comes from an Old English word for "reliable" or "sure", In the genealogy of King Alfred of Wessex, is a supposed ancestor of Cerdic named Gewis. (also spelled Gwis). The true origin of the name cannot be determined accurately. the name was old in Bede's time. Bede stated the original name for the West Saxons was the Gewisse. The change in name from the Gewisse to the West Saxons seems to have taken place in the latter part of the 7th century. The Gewisse, like the 'Cantwara' (Kent-men) and the 'Meonwara' of Hampshire were political units, not tribes.

In 577 the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle claims the kings of the Gewisse captured Cirencester, Bath and Gloucester. The date is questionable but the Gewisse did hold those territories. The Gewisse found themselves limited in their ability to expand into new territories by the growing power of Mercia. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for 628 says that Cyngils and Cwichelm his son 'fought with Penda at Cirencester and came to an agreement with him there'. The 'agreement' meant giving Cirencester to Penda. It was a permanent loss of Cirencester. By the second half of the 7th century Gewisse was expanding towards the Southwest and Devon. At about the same time they lost territory in the Thames valley to Mercia. The change in name to Wessex may have reflected more a change in their territory.

Bishop Birinus began converting the Gewisse to Christianity in 634, In 635 he baptized their king Cynegils who established Birinus at Dorchester. But the Dorchester bishopric was never considered West Saxon by Bede. He considered it to be Gewisse. In 660 Cenwalh created a new diocese at Winchester and made Wine the first bishop. Bede referred to the Winchester diocese as West Saxon. At the time he was writing in the early 8th century, Bede treated the two names as interchangeable. But when writing of the reign of Cynegils he referred to them as "anciently known as the Gewissae."

How Wikipedia Works

How Wikipedia Works: And How You Can Be a Part of It is a 2008 book by Phoebe Ayers, Charles Matthews, and Ben Yates. It is a how to book for using and contributing to the Wikipedia internet encyclopedia. It is made for "students, professors, and everyday experts and fans". It has sections for teachers, reusers, and researchers. It was published by No Starch Press as part of their series of how-to books about technology. It was published under the GNU Free Documentation License.


Tituba

Tituba was a slave in Salem Village during the Salem Witch Trials of 1692. She was the first to be accused of witchcraft and the first to confess. This confession was obtained after she was beaten by her master. She accused others, setting off the witchcraft hysteria that swept the village. She was never tried or executed as a witch. She was sent to jail, but later released. What happened to her after her release is not known.

Tituba was a West Caribbean Indian from the land of Barbados, where she practiced incantations and songs of conjuring. She was asked by Ann Putnam to conjure up the spirits of her dead children that she had lost to miscarriage (she believed her babies to be murdered).

Tituba is a character from Arthur Miller's play, The Crucible.

Caddo Parish, Louisiana

Caddo is one of the sixty-four parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The parish seat and most populous municipality is Shreveport. As of the 2020 count, 237,848 people lived there. It is the largest parish in the North Louisiana region and the fourth-largest in the state.

Edward Moss

Edward Moss (born July 11, 1977) is an American impersonator, actor, comedian. He is best known for impersonating Michael Jackson.

Pulitzer Prize for Drama

The Pulitzer Prize for Drama was first given out in 1918. It is given to the best drama in the United States in the year.

Items marked with an asterisk (*) also won the Tony Award for Best Play or Best Musical









Only a few playwrights have been awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Drama more than once.



Friar Laurence

Friar Laurence is a character in Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet". He is an old man who secretly marries the two. Juliet's fake death is his idea. He is unable to prevent Romeo from killing himself.

Titania (Shakespeare)

Titania is a character in Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream". She is Queen of the Fairies. She is married to Oberon, King of the Fairies. She will not give a little Indian boy she has in her keeping to Oberon. This angers him. When she is asleep, he tells his servant Puck to put a love potion in her eyes. This potion will make her love the first thing she sees when she wakes. What she sees is a weaver named Bottom. Puck has put a donkey's head on Bottom. All ends well, with Titania once again in love with Oberon this ends straight away as they both find out they are lying to each other.

James H. Billington

James Hadley Billington (June 1, 1929 – November 20, 2018) was an American academic. He was the 13th Librarian of the Library of Congress. He was appointed by President Ronald Reagan. Billington served as librarian from September 14, 1987 until his resignation on September 30, 2015.

Billington born in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania on June 1, 1929. He was raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Billington studied at Princeton University and at Balliol College, Oxford.

Billington first began as a professor in Harvard University. From 1973 to 1987, Billington was director of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, the nation’s official memorial in Washington, D.C. to America’s 28th president. As director, he founded the Kennan Institute for Advanced Russian Studies at the Center and seven other new programs as well as the "Wilson Quarterly".

Billington was sworn in as the Librarian of Congress on September 14, 1987. He is the 13th person to hold the position since the Library of Congress was established in 1800. His appointment was unanimously confirmed by the Senate.

Billington has championed the Library’s American Memory National Digital Library (NDL) Program, which makes freely available on-line over 24 million American historical items from the collections of the Library and other research institutions. These unique American Memory materials and the Library’s other Internet services, which include the congressional database, THOMAS, the on-line card catalog, exhibitions, information from the U.S. Copyright Office and a web site for children and families called America’s Library, handled more than 2.6 billion transactions last year.

Billington resigned in early September 2015 because of his age. His resignation became effective on September 30, 2015.

Billington was married to the former Marjorie Anne Brennan. They had four children: Dr. Susan Billington Harper, Anne Billington Fischer, the Rev. James Hadley Billington Jr., and Thomas Keator Billington, as well as 12 grandchildren. Dr. Billington and his daughter Susan are the first father and daughter to both be awarded Rhodes Scholarships and use them to earn DPhils (at Oxford University).

Billington died at a hospital in Washington, D.C. on November 20, 2018 from pneumonia at the age of 89.


George Soros

George Soros ( or ; ; born August 12, 1930, as Schwartz György) is a Hungarian-American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is the chairman of Soros Fund Management. He is known as "The Man Who Broke the Bank of England" because of his US$1 billion in investment profits during the 1992 Black Wednesday UK currency crisis.

Soros was born on August 12, 1930 in Budapest, Hungary, where he was raised. He emigrated to London by himself at 17, and later to New York. He survived the Nazi occupation of Budapest, before moving to London and studying at the London School of Economics.

Soros is a well-known supporter of progressive-liberal political causes. Between 1979 and 2011, Soros gave away over $8 billion to causes related to human rights, public health, and education. He played a significant role in the peaceful transition from communism to capitalism in Hungary (1984–89) and founded Europe's Central European University in Budapest, providing the initial endowment to open the first campus. Soros is also the chairman of the Open Society Foundations.

Soros was married to Annaliese Witschak from 1960 until they divorced in 1983. They had three children. Then, Soros was married to Susan Weber Soros from 1983 until they divorced in 2005. They had two children. Soros is now married to Tamiko Bolton since 2013. Soros is a supporter of the Democratic Party.
Soros is a donates annual high sums for FC Bayern Munich.


Chaim Topol

Chaim Topol (; September 9, 1935 – March 8, 2023), sometimes known as Topol, was an Israeli theatrical and movie performer, actor, writer, singer and producer. Topol was born in Tel Aviv, British Mandate of Palestine (now Israel). Topol is known for his role as Tevye the milkman in the 1971 movie "Fiddler on the Roof". He has been nominated for an Oscar and a Tony Award. He has won two Golden Globes Awards.

Some of Topol's other notable movie appearances were the title role in "Galileo" (1975), Dr. Hans Zarkov in "Flash Gordon" (1980), and as Milos Columbo in the James Bond movie "For Your Eyes Only" (1981).

Topol was married to Galia Topol until his death. He retired from movie acting in 1998 and only did stage acting until his full retirement in 2015.

In June 2022, Topol's son, Omer, said that his father was suffering from Alzheimer's disease since 2015.

Topol died in the early hours of March 9, 2023 in Tel Aviv at the age of 87. The previous day, his family released a statement in preparation of "what seem to be his last hours", at his home surrounded by his children and grandchildren. Before his burial at Kvutzat Shiller on March 10, a memorial was held at Cameri Theater in Tel Aviv on March 9.

President Isaac Herzog, Prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and former prime minister Yair Lapid praised Topol after his death was announced.


Headquarters of the United Nations

The headquarters of the United Nations is a group of buildings in New York City. The complex has served as the official headquarters of the United Nations since its completion in 1952. It is located in the Turtle Bay neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan, on spacious grounds overlooking the East River.

Its borders are First Avenue on the west, East 42nd Street to the south, East 48th Street on the north and the East River to the east. Turtle Bay is occasionally used as a metonym for the U.N. headquarters or for the U.N. as a whole. The building was designed by many architects across the world including Brazilian Oscar Niemeyer.


Sings the Ballads of the True West

Sings the Ballads of the True West is a concept album by country singer Johnny Cash. It was his 22nd album. It was released on Columbia Records in 1965. It contains 20 individual songs, including ballads and other songs on topics related to the history of the American Old West.

The only single from the album was "Mr. Garfield". This song is about the shock of the American people after the assassination of President James Garfield.

Other songs on the album include "The Ballad of Boot Hill", written by Carl Perkins; and "Streets of Laredo", a traditional folk song. One of the songs, "25 Minutes to Go" was later be performed at Folsom Prison and appeared on Cash's famous "At Folsom Prison" recording in 1968.

"Sings the Ballads of the True West" was re-released in 2002 with two extra tracks. The second of these is an instrumental version of the song "Stampede" as recorded on the original version.


Singles - Billboard (North America)

Coming Soon (1999 movie)

Coming Soon is a 1999 romance-comedy movie. It is about three rich high school seniors. Yasmine Bleeth plays Mimi, Mia Farrow is Jody, Ashton Kutcher is Louie and Ellen Pompeo is the Upset Girl.

This movie was released on April 17, 1999 in the United States. "Coming Soon" was controversial because officials of the MPAA marked it with an NC-17. The movie, however, was trimmed and re-rated R.

Carlos Mencia

Ned Arnel Mencía (born October 22, 1967) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, singer, and voice artist.

Mencia lives with his wife Amy, whom he married in 2003, in Los Angeles, California. They have two children: Lucas Pablo Mencia (born December 14, 2006) and Nicholas Mencia.

The Man Comes Around (song)

"The Man Comes Around" is a song from Johnny Cash's "" album, released in 2002. It was actually written a few years earlier, but Cash updated it for the album. It is one of the last songs Cash wrote before his death. Both sung and spoken, the song makes Biblical references, especially to the Book of Revelation.

Ceolwulf of Wessex

Ceolwulf (5 March 561 - 22 April 611) was the King of Wessex from 5 June 597 to 22 April 611.

Ceolwulf was born on 5 March 561 in Winchester, Wessex. He was the son of Cutha who was the son of Cynric, grandson of Cerdic and the younger brother of Ceawlin. Ceolwulf was also the younger brother of his predecessor, Ceol. Not much was known in Ceolwulf's early life but we do know that he grew up in Winchester & lived in the Castle at that time since he was of course a part of the royal family at that time. 

On 5 June 597, Ceol died due to poisoning & since his son, Cynegils was too young to rule, Ceolwulf became King instead. His coronation was five days after becoming King. 

On 15 April 611, Ceolwulf traveled to Wales for a nine day trip. On the third day of his trip, Ceolwulf was assassinated. The trip was canceled & Ceolwulf returned to Wessex where he died just 4 days later because the wound became more & more infected in his body. He was succeeded by his older brother Ceol's son, that is Cynegils. He was buried 3 days later in a secret & private valut under the Castle. 
Britannia: Kings of Wessex 

Bridget Sloan

Bridget Elizabeth Sloan (born June 23, 1992) is an American gymnast. She is the 2009 All-Around World Champion and the 2009 All-Around U.S. National Champion. Bridget was a member of the silver medal U.S. women's gymnastics team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. As at 2013, Sloan is a member of the NCAA University of Florida team, and the NCAA All-Around and Beam Champion.

Titration

Titration is a type of quantitative chemical analysis. It is used to work out the unknown concentration of a known substance. 

It makes the use of two main chemical apparatus namely, pipette and burette. External indicators like phenolphthalein or methyl orange and internal indicators like KMnO4 (potassium permanganate) are used to mark the end point of titration.
A known concentration and volume of a reagent, called the "titrant" or "titrator", is added to a known volume of another reagent, the "analyte" or "titrand". This is done slowly from a burette until the end point is reached. The volume added before the end point is reached is noted. Because one of the solutions, the titrant, has a known concentration, that of the other, the titrand, can be calculated.

Professionals now use a pH meter, which is potentiometer with an electrode whose potential depends on the amount of H+ ions in the solution. The pH of the solution is measured throughout the titration, more accurately than with an indicator. At the endpoint there is a sudden change in the measured pH.

Since volume measurements play a key role in titration, it is known as "volumetric analysis" as well as "quantitative analysis". 

The Wikipedia Revolution

The Wikipedia Revolution: How A Bunch of Nobodies Created The World's Greatest Encyclopedia is a 2008 book by Andrew Lih. It is a book about the history of the internet encyclopedia Wikipedia. It covers the period from the start of Wikipedia in early 2000 to early 2008. It has biographies of Jimmy Wales, Larry Sanger, and Ward Cunningham. Wales and Sanger started Wikipedia, while Cunningham started the first online wiki. It also talks about events in Wikipedia's history such as the Essjay controversy.

The book has a foreword (a short piece of writing found at the beginning of a book) by Wales, and an afterword (a short piece of writing found at the end of a book) by volunteers of an online wiki who talk about the problems and opportunities in Wikipedia's future.


Diderot effect

The Diderot effect is a phenomenon from sociology, which was named after Denis Diderot, who first described it in an essay. In the essay, Diderot talked about a robe he used to wear in the bathroom: The old robe was a little shabby, but useful. When he was given a new robe, the new robe was more shiny, and nicer, but it did not fit well with the other clothes. 

"Regrets on Parting with My Old Dressing Gown": I was absolute master of my old dressing gown,” Diderot writes, “but I have become a slave to my new one … Beware of the contamination of sudden wealth. The poor man may take his ease without thinking of appearances, but the rich man is always under a strain.

So, the Diderot effect describes that people often show a tendency to buy more goods after they bought one item. It is said that they do this to restore the general perception they had about their belongings.

Game Freak

Game Freak, Inc. is a Japanese video game company that makes video games for Nintendo game consoles. It is most well known for developing the "Pokémon" series of role-playing video games.

"Game Freak" was originally a gaming magazine created by Satoshi Tajiri and Ken Sugimori in the 1980s. On April 26, 1989, Tajiri and Sugimori started a video game company with the same name.


Christina Rossetti

Christina Georgina Rossetti (5 December 1830 – 29 December 1894) was born in Charlotte Street (now 105 Hallam Street), in London. She was an English Victorian poet. She wrote a variety of romantic, devotional, religous, and children's poems. 

She also oppose slavery, prostitution and cruelty to animals for humanitarian thought.

She is known for her poem "Goblin Market", the "Remember" and her sonnets. She also wrote the words of two Christmas carols well known in the British Isles: "In the Bleak Midwinter", later set to music by Gustav Holst and by Harold Darke, and "Love Came Down at Christmas", also set by Harold Darke and by other composers. 

Her father Gabriele Rossetti was also a poet and a political exile from Vasto, Abruzzo, since 1824 and her mother Frances Polidori was the sister of Lord Byron's friend and physician, John William Polidori. 

She had two brothers and a sister: Dante Gabriel became an influential artist and poet, and William Michael and Maria both became writers.

Christina was the youngest child in the family, she was a lively child and she dictated her first story to her mother before she had learned to write.


Thanet

Thanet is the most northeastern part of Kent, South East England. About 135,000 people live in Thanet. It was originally an island and was created as a local council area on 1 April 1974. It includes the towns of Broadstairs and Ramsgate and Margate, where its headquarters are.


Ocean gyre

A gyre is a large system of ocean currents moving in a circle. Gyres are caused by the Coriolis effect. Because the Earth is rotating, ocean currents in the northern hemisphere tend to move in a clockwise direction and currents in the southern hemisphere move in an anti-clockwise direction. 

The Coriolis force acts most strongly on the wind, and the wind then creates a torque that tends to spin the ocean currents.

The Earth rotates from the west towards the east, and the Coriolis effect becomes more intense toward the poles. Because of this, gyres form strong currents on the western side of oceans, so they are pushed against the eastern coast of continents. The vorticity (the strength of the torque force) is balanced out by frictional surface currents, which normally act against the spin of the water. However, in the middle of the ocean, the effects of friction are very weak.

The term "gyre" can be used to mean any type of vortex in the air or the sea, but it is most used in oceanography for the major ocean current systems.

These are the five largest gyres:

Tropical gyres tend to be mostly east-west with minor north-south extent.

The centre of a subtropical gyre is a high pressure area, which the ocean moves around. The high pressure in the centre is due to the westerly winds on the northern side of the gyre and easterly winds on the southern side of the gyre. These cause frictional surface currents towards the latitude at the centre of the gyre.

Subpolar gyres form at high latitudes (around 60°). The ocean moves around a low pressure area. Surface currents generally move outward from the centre of the system.



Striptease (movie)

Striptease is a 1996 comedy-drama movie. "Striptease" is based on a novel by the same name, which was released three years prior to the movie. The stories in this movie are about an exotic dancer who gets involved in serious child custody matters and corrupt politics. Demi Moore is exotic dancer Erin Grant, who was earlier a Federal Bureau of Investigation secretary. Also in the movie is Burt Reynolds as Congressman David Dildeck and Rumer Willis (Moore's real-life daughter) as Erin's daughter Angela. "Striptease" got negative reviews similar to "Showgirls" the previous year. Unlike "Striptease", however, "Showgirls" became a strong cult favorite within one decade after its release.

Goderich, Ontario

Goderich is a town in the Ontario, Canada. It is the county seat of Huron County. The town was founded by William Dunlop in 1827. It is named after Frederick John Robinson, 1st Viscount Goderich. The town was officially incorporated in 1850.

The population of Goderich is 7,521 in 2011. The area of the town is 7.91 square kilometers.

Goderich is located on the eastern shore of Lake Huron, at the mouth of the Maitland River. Queen Elizabeth II said that Goderich was "the prettiest town in Canada." But no reigning monarch has ever visited the town. Tourism is important to the local economy. Tourists come for the sunsets over the lake.

Goderich contains many places that are listed on the Canadian Register of Historic Places (CRHP). The Huron Historic Gaol is a National Historic Site. It served as the prison of Huron County from its opening in 1842 until 1972.

Davy lamp

The Davy lamp is a safety lamp for use in mines. It was invented in 1815 by Sir Humphry Davy. 

It is a wick lamp with the flame enclosed inside a mesh screen. It was created for use in coal mines, where explosions happened in the presence of methane and other flammable gases. Those gases, called "firedamyp" or "minedamp", did not ignite a shielded flame. The wire mesh put flames out.

The lamp also warned the men of carbon dioxide or methane. The flame would burn higher, and with a blue tinge. Modern versions of the lamp are still used to test mine gases, but the light for working is now electric.


Substance abuse

Substance abuse, or drug abuse, happens when a person uses a drug over and over again, in ways that hurt their health. The person is using the drug to change their mood or to feel better, not for any health reason. Sometimes when the person uses the drug for a long time, they will start to act differently. Some of the drugs are illegal to have or use, or can have certain limits that the person does not follow. Addiction is when people are used to taking a substance, and they feel bad when they are unable to get it. Very often, such people will also change their lives, so they can get the substance or drug they need more easily.

Substance abuse can have different symptoms in different people. “Drug abuse” is not used in the DSM or ICD. In the DSM, the term “substance abuse” is used instead to mean the misuse of one of ten different types of drugs.  A person can also become dependent on drugs. Repetitive use of a drug can cause dependence as well as tolerance. Tolerance happens when it takes more of a drug to produce the same effect than a previous time.

The term “drug misuse” is sometimes used when the drug being used is a prescription medication that is classified as sedatives (medicines that make someone calm), anxiolytics ( make someone less worried or anxious), analgesics (medicines that reduce pain), or stimulants (medicines that give someone more energy). Someone who abuses their drugs may have to illegally buy them from someone who gets them from a doctor.

Not everyone agrees on the definition of substance abuse. Different countries have different rules for what is a drug and what drugs are illegal. People also do not agree about what is abuse. In most Western countries, one glass of wine is acceptable, but drinking more than one bottle at once is abuse. To some people, any drinking can be seen as abuse. In the United States, any use of marijuana

In many cases, when a person is using drugs, their thinking and behaviors change. Sometimes, they commit crimes while using drugs. They may do things that are not safe, like drive a car while drunk. When people abuse drugs over a longer time, their personalities often change as well. The people who abuse drugs are often addicted. Since many of these drugs are illegal, very often drug users have problems with the law.

There are two major ideas about why people abuse drugs. Many people believe that both can be true for different cases or with different people, which is one reason why different treatments work better or worse for different people.

One idea about why people use drugs is because of their genes. When a person's parents or grandparents have been addicted to drugs, alcohol, cigarettes, or even coffee, the same genes that made them become addicted could be passed down to any of their children. When someone is born with genes that increase addiction, it causes their brain and body to become dependent on drugs very quickly. But even if a person's genes make it easier for them to become addicted to drugs, that person still needs to try a drug first, before they can become addicted to it. This idea also means that different people can have a harder or easier time stopping drugs after they are already addicted.

The second major idea is that drug use is a habit that becomes harmful. It is always very hard to stop bad habits, but in this idea, drugs are one of the strongest bad habits because drugs cause so many changes in the brain. Each time a person uses drugs, the parts of the brain that think about drugs become stronger and stronger. In this idea, if a person likes drugs, that person starts to plan their day around using drugs. To stop a habit as strong as drug use, many other things about that person's life must also change. This idea also means that, the longer a person takes drugs, the harder it is for them to stop taking drugs. 

People abuse drugs in many different ways, including:

Some of the most commonly abused "illegal drugs" are:

Some of the most commonly abused "legal drugs and medicines" are:

Alcohol is the most commonly abused substance in the United States. The addiction to alcohol is called alcoholism. There are standardized questionnaires to find out how much alcohol people usually drink, and if they have problems with their drinking habits. Examples are the CAGE questionnaire for adults, or the CRAFFT Screening Test, used for young people. the CRAFFT screening test can also be used to test for other drug-related behavior.

Binge drinking is when someone drinks a large amount of alcohol that goes past the recommended servicing size. Binge drinking is usually done as a group. It is very common at football tailgates and house parties in college. Many people will participate in binge drinking without knowing it, especially when groups are playing drinking games such as "Beer pong" and "Flip cup," where the amounts of alcohol are not regulated. The most dangerous aspect of binge drinking is the potential for serious or fatal injuries that could occur after someone has participated in binge drinking. As binge drinking happens in a group, the people in the group my cause a person to drink more than they should. 

People who abuse drugs have a high rate of suicide. This is because of the changes in the brain caused by drugs, both when they are being used and the changes they cause over time. Another cause is the loss of family and friends because of drug abuse. In the United States, about 30% of all people who perform suicide have abused alcohol at some point.

This table explains more about how some commonly abused drugs relate to depression and suicide:
Treatment of substance abuse can include both therapy and medicine. Therapy for substance abuse helps people not use drugs when they feel they need to. For children and young adults, both the child and the family may have therapy. The child will learn how to not abuse, and the family will learn how to help the child. The organization Alcoholics Anonymous helps people with alcohol abuse.

For some kinds of substance abuse, medicine can be used to help. Some of these medicines, such as methadone, stop the drug from working in the brain. Other medicines can cause people to feel ill if they use the substance that they abuse. Some medicines, like bupropion, makes people stop wanting the drug so much. 

Many substances can cause withdrawal. Withdrawal is a group of bad feelings that happen when someone stops taking a drug suddenly if they were regularly taking that drug before. For someone to have withdrawal, they must be dependent on the drug. Different drugs cause different things to happen during withdrawal. They can also cause different amounts of trouble for the person in withdrawal. Withdrawal from some drugs, like heroin and other opiates, can be dangerous or deadly and should be done with a doctor or nurse taking care of the person in withdrawal.
Like with any other drugs that have been taken regularly, simply stopping to take them may be dangerous. A plan needs to be made on how to stop taking the drug. Actually stopping can take a long time. Sometimes Relapse can also take place and one should be cautious to not let that happen.

About 9% of Americans have a substance abuse issue. Young people are the most likely to experiment with and abuse drugs. Drug abuse affects about 5% of adolescents. More men than women have substance abuse disorder, though women are more likely to have an issue with abusing prescription medication. Children who have parents with substance abuse issues are more likely to have a substance abuse issue when they grow up.

Certain groups of people are more likely to develop substance abuse issues. One group is immigrants or other people who have left their home country. They often have issues in their new country, and some use drugs as a way to feel better.  Another group that is at risk is homeless children. They will use drugs to become closer to each other. A third group that is at risk is musicians. They may use stimulants to make themselves more active and happy. Singers can also hurt themselves if they use drugs that are inhaled.

The first official definition of substance abuse was made in 1932 by the American Psychiatric Association. This definition was only used when the substance was illegal and not being used as medicine. In 1966, the American Medical Association defined abuse as the drug being given by someone to themselves without a doctor.

The first edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) had drug abuse as a symptom of other psychological issues. In the third edition, substance abuse was made its own issue. The DSM also has drug abuse as a different issue than drug dependence, which is defined as compulsive use of a drug.

Most countries have laws that make having or using certain drugs illegal. The rules for these drugs can be different between countries or in different parts of the same country. Many drugs that are illegal in several places are sold to make money for groups known as drug cartels.

Drug abuse can also cause issues in a country’s economy. According to the European Union, about 2.5 billion dollars are lost each year because of people abusing drugs. This loss comes from people not going to work or having to go to the hospital because of the side effects of the drug. In the United Kingdom, about 29 billion dollars a year are lost. This number does not include the cost of police or other law enforcement. In the United States, the cost was 181 billion dollars in 2002. This number includes costs because of health issues, loss of work, law enforcement, and welfare programs.

Lorde

Ella Marija Lani Yellich-O'Connor (born 7 November 1996), known by her stage name Lorde, is a New Zealand singer-songwriter. She was signed to Universal Music at the age of 13. Lorde's first album, "Pure Heroine", was released in September 2013. It was followed by "Melodrama" in 2017.

Her first single, "Royals", was released on Republic on 8 March 2013. It reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, in Canada, the United Kingdom, and New Zealand and number two in Australia. It made her the first solo artist from New Zealand to have a number one in the US. "Royals" also made her the youngest person (age 16) to have a US number one in 26 years. A controversial article on Feministing by Veronica Bayetti Flores described the song 'deeply racist'. Music and culture critic Ed Hightower has offered an appraisal of Lorde's song that rejects Flores' accusation. The song has been covered by Pixie Lott, Neon Jungle, and Mutya Keisha Siobhan.

Her second single "Tennis Court" did not reach the Hot 100. It was a number one in NZ in its first week of release. It made her the first New Zealand artist to have four songs in the top 20 at once.

Her third single "Team" was leaked and then released on 13 September in the US. It reached number 6 on the Hot 100 and number 3 in the NZ top 40. It is one of the songs on "Pure Heroine" that Lorde wrote on her own.

She has released three other promo singles, "Bravado", "Buzzcut Season", and "Ribs". "Million Dollar Bills", "Swingin' Party", and "The Love Club" have also charted.

Her first album "Pure Heroine" was released by Universal Music on 30 September 2013 in the US. Virgin Records released it in the UK in October. It got good reviews from music critics. It reached number one in the iTunes chart in Canada, Australia, the US, and New Zealand. The album was co-written and produced by Joel Little.

She released her first EP, "Love Club", online for free in November 2012. It debuted at number two in Australia and New Zealand and reached twenty-three on the US Billboard 200. It contains 5 songs. The US iTunes version contains "Swingin' Party" as track 2 instead of "Royals". The NZ iTunes version has a bonus track, "Bravado" (Fffrrannno Remix).

Her second EP Tennis Court was released 22 July on Virgin.

Her cover of "Everybody Wants to Rule the World" by Tears for Fears was in the soundtrack. It reached number fourteen in the NZ chart.

In November 2013, she signed with Songs Music to have the rights to her songs. This made her a millionaire. Lorde writes most of her songs with Joe Little, so she owns 50% of the copyright to her songs.

Lorde released a new single on 13 December 2013, called "No Better". It was later included on the extended edition of "Pure Heroine".

In January 2014, the song "Team" had reached the top ten of the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.

On 3 March 2014, Lorde started a tour in the United States.

In 2017, she appeared on Saturday Night Live.

She had done three tours: "Pure Heroine Tour", which lasted from 2013 to 2014, "Melodrama World Tour", which lasted from 2017 to 2018, and "Solar Power Tour", which started on the 3rd of April 2022, and is expected to end on March the 18th 2023.

Her latest album is 2021's "Solar Power".

Lorde was nominated for four Grammy Awards in December 2013. The nominations were Song of the Year, Record of the Year, Best Pop Solo Performance and Best Pop Vocal Album. She was the youngest person to ever be nominated for Record of the Year. She performed "Royals" at the awards ceremony.

Lorde was born in Takapuna, Auckland. She is a sex positive feminist. In an interview with Huffington Post she said, "I've seen people compare me to just about every female slightly alt[ernative] female musician because people feel the need to put females with other females, which I guess I understand, but I think I'm different because my music is accessible, but it's also smart and those are two things that don't often go together musically."

She was a student at Takapuna Grammar School.



Celtic Britons

The Britons (also called Brythons) were the people who spoke a Celtic language known as Common Brittonic. They lived in Great Britain during the Iron Age, Roman Britain and the Sub-Roman period following the Romans' departure from Britain. Following the arrival of the Anglo-Saxons, who occupied most what is now the country of England, some of the Britons migrated to Wales, Cornwall and southern Scotland, while others moved to Armorica and renamed it Brittany. Those who remained were absorbed into Anglo-Saxon society.

The name of the Britons in the modern English language is borrowed in part from , and in part from the French language of the Middle Ages (). During Roman Britain, the Latin word and its plural, , took the place of the Romans' earlier word for a person from Britain, , and its plural, the . The people of Roman Britain (the Romano-British population) named themselves in Latin. Other people also named the Britons this way: the work of the Roman historian Procopius names them as and in Ireland, the Britons were named the . Some modern Celtic languages also use this form for Britain was well: and .

The Anglo-Saxon historian Bede, writing in Latin, used the name , with the plural "". The "e" vowel in this spelling could be taken from the Anglo-Saxon language's word for the Britons: , also spelled "Britt-", "Bryt", "Brytt"-, "Bret", and "Brit". The Anglo-Saxons probably took this name from the Romano-British. The was a word used in Britain from the 5th century. Whether the Anglo-Saxons took the name "Brett" from the Latin name or from a British word of the same meaning is unknown. The Anglo-Saxons must have started using the word "Brett" by the 6th century. If they had copied the British word at a later time, the word would have had -"th"- instead of -"t"-, like the . In that case, the Old English copy would have had -"þ"- or -"ð"- in the place of -"tt"-.

The name continued to be used in Middle English, with the spellings "Bret", "Brette", "Brettis". Middle English also used the forms "Brut" and "Brutt"-, with the spelling copied from the name of Brutus of Troy. Mythology in the Middle Ages said that Britain was named after Brutus. In Early Modern English, the forms "Brett" and "Britt" were used. The spellings "Bret" and "Brit" were used in Scots.

The first Professor of Celtic at the University of Oxford, John Rhys, was the first person to use the name "Brython" (from ) in academia as another English language word for the Britons. He named the languages of the Britons "Brythonic", or the "Brythonic languages". Rhys used these names to be clear about what he meant, because names like "British" can be ambiguous ("with more than one meaning"). "Brythonic" and "Brythonic languages" are names that are no longer common. The names "Brittonic" and "Brittonic languages" are now more common in linguistics ("the study of languages").

From the Iron Age onward, Britain was divided among a variety of Celtic tribes. When the Romans came, many of the tribes adopted Roman culture and the Latin language. 





Big Time Rush

Big Time Rush (BTR) is an American television series created by Scott Fellows. It originally aired on Nickelodeon. It stars the boy band of the same name, which includes Kendall Schmidt, James Maslow, Carlos Pena Jr., and Logan Henderson. The show centers on four hockey players from Minnesota who were selected to form a boy band in Los Angeles. Aired on November 28, 2009, the series continued for four seasons. It ended with an hour-long finale special called "Big Time Dreams".

Clonazepam

Clonazepam is an anticonvulsant. This means it can be used to stop seizures. It is also used to lessen states of fear. It is an anxiolytic. It is a benzodiazepine. Benzodiazepines are very addictive. Clonazepam is used to treat certain forms of epilepsy. It is also used to treat certain disorders of sleep, such as sleepwalking. In certain cases it is used as an off-label drug in psychiatry. It is also used for panic disorders.

Tenant farming

Tenant farming is when the person who works the farmland does not own the land themselves. The farmer pays rent to the landowner, either with cash or with a portion of the produce. When the rent is a share of the crop, it is sharecropping.

Many freed slaves during the Reconstruction of the United States who owned no land became tenant farmers, renting land from a great landowner. 

Hope Springs (2012 movie)

Hope Springs is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by David Frankel and written by Vanessa Taylor. It stars Meryl Streep, Tommy Lee Jones, Mimi Rogers, Jean Smart, and Steve Carell. 

The movie was released on August 8, 2012. It received generally positive reviews and the cast was praised for their performances. It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award, and won a People's Choice Award.

Mockbuster

A mockbuster (also called a knockbuster or a drafting opportunity) is a movie made to take advantage of the publicity of a similar major movie. These types of movies are often made on a low budget. They are made to be released direct-to-video at the same time that the original movie is released in theaters or on video.

Mockbusters are often made to make customers mistakenly buy the movie instead of the one that they wanted. For example, someone may think that they are buying "Transformers", but they are actually buying "Transmorphers", a mockbuster that was released in 2007. Because of this, a mockbuster will often use a title similar to the original movie.

Many mockbusters are made in a different country than the one that the original movie was made in. There are many Turkish, Italian, German, French and Brazilian versions of American movies, as well as sequels that were not made by the people who made the original movie. Animated movie mockbusters are "Spider's Web: A Pig's Tale", a rip-off of "Charlotte's Web"; "Ratatoing", a rip-off of "Ratatouille"); "The Little Panda Fighter" and "Chop Kick Panda", rip-offs of "Kung Fu Panda", and many more movie mockbusters.


Ceol of Wessex

Ceol also spelled Ceola or Ceolric ( 557 — 23 July 597) was the King of Wessex from 592 until his death in 597. His reign is mostly known thanks to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle.

Ceol was born on 20 February 557. His father was Cutha, who was the son of King Cynric and the younger brother of Ceawlin who was then crown prince. 

Ceol grew up learning Archery, Science, History, and as well as learning to fight in battles. When Ceol grew older, his battle skills improved and that he quickly rose through the ranks.

In 584, Ceol's father was killed most likely on the orders of Ceawlin who was now king as Cutha attempted to overthrow him in the failed Revolt of 584 as Ceawlin accidentally killed Cutha's wife. Ceol was mad at his uncle for killing his father, who Ceol loved so much. However, Ceawlin exiled Ceol and his family away from Wessex. They lived in exile in Essex.

Seven years later in November 591, Ceol raised troops against Ceawlin in Essex and started another revolt against the king. Ceol and his troops captured every part of Wessex. They captured the many major cities in Wessex including Dorchester and the capital, Winchester. Ceawlin was eventually overthrown and exiled in Tuam, Chonnacht (present-day Ireland).

Ceol, who was now king was crowned on 25 June 592 at Winchester Cathedral. The first thing Ceol did as king was to rebuild the kingdom as it has been destroyed during the rebellion. He ordered the reconstruction of the towns in Wessex that has been damaged.

Ceol then planned to reform the country and improve the literacy rate in the kingdom. He builded more schools for young kids to be educated. He also expanded the army and the navy of Wessex. He also created peace with neighbouring countries and as well as stabilising Wessex. However, for those who opposed his rule, Ceol would put them in prison. Thus Ceol became controversial and many people began opposing his rule.

Because Ceol became super controversial and would put many people in prison, his younger brother, Ceolwulf started a revolt against Ceol and killed him. Ceolwulf eventually became the new king.
Ceol has a great reputation. During his rule, Wessex became more powerful and the people would experience peace and prosperity. His son Cynegils would go on to become the King of Wessex after Ceol's younger brother, Ceolwulf died in 611. Ceol was considered a great and a solid king.

Slavonic Orthodox

Slavonic Orthodox refers to churches in Eastern Europe that serve Slavic peoples. 

Characters in Romeo and Juliet

This is a list of characters in William Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet". 
In addition, the script contains a number of minor characters such as Pages, Musicians, Citizens of Verona, male and female Kinsfolk to both Houses, Masquers, Guards, Watchmen, Officers, and Attendants.

Gravity (2013 movie)

Gravity is released in 2013 British-American space drama science fiction thriller movie. It is a 3D movie.

It was co-written, co-produced, co-edited and directed by Alfonso Cuarón. The movie stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as surviving astronauts from a space shuttle destroyed by debris. 

The movie has gotten many awards, and won seven awards in the 86th Academy Awards, with Alfonso Cuarón receiving Best Director.

The Million Second Quiz

The Million Second Quiz is an American television game show. It aired on NBC from September 9 to September 19, 2013. It follows a group of contestants who compete for up to $2 million in a game show that lasts for 1,000,000 seconds (or 11 days, 13 hours, 46 minutes, and 40 seconds). NBC aired the show for one hour each day (except for Sunday the 15th, and the final episode was two hours), while the rest of the show aired on the "Million Dollar Quiz" internet application and NBC.com. It is hosted by Ryan Seacrest.

The show takes place in a large hourglass-shaped structure in Midtown Manhattan near the Lincoln Tunnel. Contestants play for 24 hours a day for 1,000,000 seconds, or around eleven and a half days. At any given time, a contestant is sitting in the "Money Chair" and earning money, while defending his/her position in the chair in bouts against another contestant. Contestants earn $10 a second they are in the chair, even when bouts are not being played and during commercial breaks. Only the four contestants with the highest amount of money keep their winnings when the million seconds are up.

Each bout lasts for a set number of seconds. All questions are multiple choice with four possible answers. Contestants use keypads to lock in their answers. The players cannot see each other's answers. They have five seconds to do so when the question is asked.

During the episodes that are seen on television, there are three bouts: the "Challenger" bout (300 seconds, or 5 minutes), the "Line Jumper" bout (300 seconds in the first episode, 400 seconds, or 6 minutes 40 seconds, from the second episode on), and the Winner's Defense" bout (400 seconds in the first through ninth episodes, 500 seconds, or 8 minutes 20 seconds, in the 10th episode). Questions start at one point each. Every 100 seconds, the value of the questions increase by one point.

At any time, a contestant may choose to "double" instead of answering the question. If the contestant does so, the question's value is doubled, and the opponent has to either answer the question or "double back", which quadruples the point value and forces the person who the question was given to answer. If a doubled or doubled-back contestant answers incorrectly or does not answer in five seconds, the opponent gets the points. Contestants can choose to double as often as they want during a bout.

At the end of a bout, the contestant with the higher score wins and either stays in the "Money Chair" or replaces the current contestant in it. If both contestants have the same number of points at the end of a bout, a question is asked, and the contestant who answers correctly first wins the bout. If both contestants answer incorrectly, the contestant with the higher amount of money wins.

The "Challenger" bout has a contestant who has successfully gone through an on-site tryout process. The "Line Jumper" bout has a contestant who has gotten a high enough score on the "Million Second Quiz" internet application, allowing them to skip the tryout and go on the show.

The four contestants with the most amount of money live in the "Winners' Row". This is a living area that is set up next to the hourglass. They are at risk of being replaced if another contestant gets a higher score than them. During a "Winner's Defense" bout, the current "Power Player" (the contestant who had the highest number of correct answers playing along in "Winners' Row" that day) chooses one of the four "Winners' Row" contestants, who can be him/herself, to play against the contestant who is currently in the "Money Chair". The winner gets all of the loser's winnings in addition to their own winnings, while the loser is out of the game.

Bouts that are not shown on television last for 500 seconds. Every question is worth one point. Contestants cannot double in these bouts. Four bouts are played in an hour; with a five-minute pause after each of the first three. The fourth bout is followed by an 11-minute break. During this time, a contestant may eat, drink, or use the bathroom. Contestants earn money during the five-minute pauses, but not during the 11-minute break.

After 1,000,000 seconds, the four contestants with the most amount of money keep all of the winnings they have earned. They face in a series of three bouts, which are as follows:


The winner of the third bout wins $2,000,000.

The Ice Storm

The Ice Storm is a 1997 American drama movie. The movie is about two families in New Canaan, Connecticut who are dealing with politics and serious social matters in November 1973. These two families do that using adultery, alcohol and sexual experimenting. Christina Ricci, Elijah Wood and Kevin Kline are in the cast. "The Ice Storm" received very positive reviews from the critics. Its performance at the box office, however was terrible: the movie only got back close to half its $18 million budget. This movie was released in the United States in autumn 1997.

Edith Nesbit

Edith Nesbit (1858–1924) was an English writer. She was known for her books for children. Some of her novels, such as "The Railway Children", have been made into films.


Artemisia (movie)

Artemisia is a 1997 French and Italian erotic and biographical movie. It is about Artemisia Gentileschi, a 17th-century Italian painter. She is as talented as her father, who is also a painter. At that time in Italy, women were not allowed to paint humans in the nude. But Artemisia is very much determined.

The movie got very positive reviews. The MPAA originally gave "Artemisia" an NC-17 rating. On appeal, the rating was changed to an R-rating.

C major

C major is a major scale based on C, which is made up of the pitches C,D,E,F,G,A,B. Its key signature has no flats or sharps.

Its relative minor is A minor, and its parallel minor is C minor. A scale in both C major and A minor can be played on a piano or other keyboard instrument using only the white keys.

Most of the time key signatures were cancelled whenever the new key signature had fewer sharps or flats than the old key signature, in modern popular music, this is only done when C major or A minor replace another key.

Geoffroi de Charny

Geoffroi de Charny ( 1300 – 19 September 1356) was the Lord of Lirey, a French knight and a writer. Sir Geoffroi was born of an important French family. Throughout his life he fought many battles for France. He fought in the Crusades and many times throughout the war with England. He was always loyal to his King, Jean II, King of France and died at the Battle of Poitiers protecting him. Throughout his lifetime he was well known and well respected by both the French and the English kings and nobles. At Poitiers he was chosen to carry the Oriflamme into battle. The Oriflamme was the Kings banner and this was a great honor given to a knight by the King. He was also one of the Knights chosen to fight close to and protect the King. De Charny was said to be a "true and perfect Knight".

Jean de Joinville was de Charny's grandfather's. He was a close friend of King Louis IX and author of his biography. In the same tradition, Sir Geoffroi wrote three books in his time. His most famous book was "A Knight's Own Book of Chivalry". In this book he shared his great skill and knowledge of combat. The second book written by de Charny is entitled, "Requests (or Questions) for jousting tournaments and war". It was written about 1352 to the Knights of the Order of the Star which Sir Geoffroi founded. This book was written in the form of questions. His third book was the book "Charny", describes the life of a knight and lists the qualities a good knight must possess.

Charny fought in Flanders and Tournay. He was taken prisoner but was ransomed because the King considered him so important. He fought in many major battles during the Hundred Years' War such as the battles of Calais, Crecy and Poitiers.

Sir John Chandos was a close friend and biographer of Edward, the Black Prince, the eldest son of King Edward III of England. Chandos was a famous knight himself. He was an educated man and wrote down the events of a great meeting of both sides before the Battle of Poitiers. He wrote that at that meeting Sir Geoffroi tried to avoid a great bloodshed by proposing a smaller battle where 100 knights on each side would do battle with each other and the outcome would decide the battle. Chandos writes that Charny was trying to find an honorable solution to avoid a great many more deaths. The Black Prince refused that offer. Charny’s predictions turned out to be true and indeed a great many nobles on both sides lost their life that day, including de Charny himself.

Charny died at the Battle of Poitiers while protecting the King.

Historical records seem to indicate that a shroud bearing an image of a crucified man (represented in the Pilgrim Badge shown here) existed in the small town of Lirey in France around the years 1353 to 1357 in the possession of Geoffroi de Charny. The cloth itself is controversial. Some believe it is a fake, while others believe the shroud to be the true burial cloth of Jesus Christ.

Mixtape

A mixtape (or mixed-tape) is any compilation of songs recorded onto a cassette tape or other storage medium. A mixtape usually shows the kind of music that the person who made it likes to listen to. It can range from a randomly selected list of favourite songs, to a conceptual mix of songs of the same genre or mood. Making mixtapes may be considered an art form.

Since the 1990s, the term "mixtape" can also describe releases used to promote one or more new musical artists, or as a pre-release by more established artists to promote upcoming albums.

Caius (jurist)

Caius or Gaius was a lawyer who lived in the 2nd century. Very little is known about his life, but he left a scholarly work on Roman law, called Institutiones. The Law of Citations, introduced in the year 426, made him one of the authorities of Roman law, together with Ulpian, Paulus, Papianus and Modestinus.

His works were written between AD 130 and 180.

Pascal's simplex

Pascal's simplex is a mathematical term. A simplex gives a generalisation of a triangle. Pascal's simplex gives the generalisation of Pascal's triangle.

Corey Locke

Corey Michael Locke (born May 8, 1984) is a Canadian ice hockey player. He has played for the Montreal Canadiens, New York Rangers, and the Ottawa Senators. He also played for Turku (Finland). He was born in Toronto, Ontario.


Harrow (tool)

A harrow is a farm tool. It is an implement for breaking up and smoothing out the surface of the soil. In this way it is different from a plow, which cuts deeper into the soil. A plow also lifts up the soil and tips it over, but a harrow works mostly by cutting into the soil and breaking it up. Harrowing is often carried out on fields to follow the rough surface left by plowing. 

The purpose of this harrowing is generally to break up clods (lumps of soil) and to provide a finer finish, a good tilth or soil structure that is good for planting seeds. It may also be used to remove weeds and to cover up seed after sowing. 

Harrows differ from cultivators in that they disturb the whole surface of the soil, instead of disturbing only narrow trails that avoid crop rows (to kill weeds).

There are four general types of harrows: disc harrow, tine harrow, chain harrow and chain disk harrows. Harrows were originally pulled by draft animals, such as horses, mules, or oxen, or in some times and places by people. In modern practice they are almost always pulled by tractors, either from a drawbar or mounted on the three-point hitch.

Harrows may be of several types and weights, depending on their purpose. They almost always consist of a rigid frame that holds discs, teeth, linked chains, or other means of moving soil—but tine and chain harrows are often only supported by a bar at the front of the set.





Depending on the type of soil and the crop being planted, one or more types of harrows may be used to get the soil ready for planting. If the soil is very light so that it might easily be wind-blown, a roller can be used at the end to settle it.

A "drag" is a name for a heavy harrow, often a chain type.

Bell Labs

Bell Laboratories (or Bell Labs) is part of the French company Alcatel-Lucent which in turn is owned by Nokia. It is a research subsidiary of the company, and is based in Berkeley Heights, New Jersey, United States.

AT&T created Bell Telephone Laboratories in 1925. It works on creating new things. Bell Labs in the 20th century did much scientific research. Work done there has won seven Nobel Prizes.


Ceawlin of Wessex

Ceawlin (also spelled Ceaulin, Caelin and Celin; 27 February 530 — 25 April 593) was the King of Wessex from 560 until in 592 where he was overthrown by his nephew, Ceol, who became his successor. His reign is mostly known thanks to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle. It was said that Ceawlin was very active fighting in battles. It was also said that it was during Ceawlin's reign where Wessex greatly expanded.

Ceawlin was the son of Cynric. He is mentioned as fighting alongside his father against the Bretons at Branbury in 556. According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle Ceawlin became king of the West Saxons in 560. Bede states Ceawlin was the second king to rule the southern English as overlord. The informal term for a king that ruled over other kings was "". The term comes from the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle and means 'Britain ruler'. These overkings typically received from other Anglo-Saxon kings in the south.

In 577 Ceawlin, with his son Cuthwine, led the Gewisse against the Britons at 'Deorham' (Dyrham in Gloucestershire). They reportedly killed three kings, Coinmail, Condidan, and Farinmail. Ceawlin and Cuthwine captured Gloucester, Cirencester and Bath. West Saxons then colonized the lower Severn valley. The importance of this victory was that it gave the West Saxons access to the western sea. This also divided the Britons so they could no longer communicate by land. But it was territory later Wessex kings would not be able to hold. In 584 Ceawlin defeated the Britons at Fethanlea (Oxfordshire) but his ally Cutha was killed there.

About 592 Ceawlin fought a battle at Woddesbeorg (or Wodnesbeorg) also called Adam's Grave, east of Devizes in Wiltshire. There was a 'great slaughter' but nothing was said as to who he fought; Britons or Anglo-Saxons. But it was over this loss that Ceawlin was driven out of power. His nephew Ceol replaced him as king in 592. Ceawlin died in 593. At the end of his reign, the Gewisse or West Saxons held the lands of Berkshire, Wiltshire, Hampshire and much of Gloucestershire.


Meet the Press

Meet the Press is an American television news/interview show that airs on NBC. It began on November 6, 1947. It is the longest-running television show in American television history.

The show's format has a long one-on-one interview with a person who works in politics. There may also be a discussion with either members of Congress or political commentators.

"Meet the Press" began on radio in 1945 as "American Mercury Presents: Meet the Press". It was a show that was used to promote "The American Mercury", an American magazine that was issued from 1924 to 1981. The show moved to television with a shorter title of just "Meet the Press" on November 6, 1947.

Over the years, the show has had twelve hosts called "moderators". The first moderator was Martha Rountree. The current moderator is Kristen Welker, who has hosted the show since 2023. Tim Russert was the show's longest-lasting moderator, who hosted from 1991 until his death on June 13, 2008.

This is a list of moderators who have hosted "Meet the Press".


MultiMediaCard

The MultiMediaCard (MMC) is a flash memory card standard. It was developed by SanDisk and Siemens AG for use in the consumer market. The card is about the size of a postage stamp: 24 mm × 32 mm × 1.4 mm.

Gaius

Gaius [ gey-"uh"s ], sometimes spelled Caius, was a common given name in Latin. When written, it is often abbreviated C.; the abbreviation goes back to before the Roman alphabet distinguished between the letters C and G. The moniker Gaius originates from the Latin term "gaudere," which translates to "to rejoice." It was a highly favored name during ancient Rome and was adopted by numerous notable personalities, including Julius Caesar. The name Gaius was also utilized by several Roman emperors, such as Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus, famously recognized as Caligula. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Willa Ford

Amanda Lee Modano (earlier last name: Williford, also called Willa Ford; born January 22, 1981, Florida) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and television personality. She released her first studio record, "Willa was Were", in July 2001. Ford hosted several reality television shows, posed for "Playboy" and competed on the show "Dancing with the Stars".

Erin Wasson

Erin Wasson (born January 20, 1982) is an American model, actress and designer. She has had roles in several movies. She was also on the covers of several fashion magazines, including "Vogue", "Esquire" and "Elle". She walked international runways for fashion designers.

Wasson was born in Irving, Texas.

Mademoiselle

Mademoiselle was an American fashion magazine which was mostly for women. It was first published in 1935 by Street and Smith. "Mademoiselle" became known for publishing short stories by authors including Tennessee Williams, Truman Capote and James Baldwin. In the 1960s, "Mademoiselle" became a clothing and fashion magazine. When the editors could not update the magazine to appeal to enough people, "Mademoiselle" stopped printing. The last issue was in November 2001. Some employees and features of the magazine were then transferred to the "Glamour" magazine.

Don't Worry, Be Happy

"Don't Worry, Be Happy" is a song from musician Bobby McFerrin. It was the first a cappella single to reach number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It stayed there for two weeks. The video to the song is shorter than the album version. The song was released in September 1988. It has become more popular since then.

The song lyrics came from Meher Baba, who usually said "Don't worry, be happy."

Crécy-en-Ponthieu

Crécy-en-Ponthieu is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France, located south of Calais. It gives its name to Crécy Forest, which starts about two kilometres to the south-west of the town and which is one of the largest forests in the north of France. A very small river, the Maye, runs through the town.

Crécy-en-Ponthieu is best known as the site of the Battle of Crécy in 1346, one of the earliest and most important battles of the Hundred Years' War.
Yet there are other significant historical links. One is the Chausee Brunehaut which passed within two miles of the town and is the Roman road from Paris and Amiens to Boulogne, and is still visible and walkable today.
And just to the north of the town, slightly to the west of where the Battle was fought, there was an airfield used in the Second World War.

Sahti

Sahti is a traditional beer from Finland. It has alcohol 7-9%. The writer Michael Jackson made sahti more well-known in other parts of the world.



What's New Pussycat?

What's New Pussycat? is a romantic comedy movie from 1965. The movie is about music, infidelity and romance taking place in France. The movie stars Woody Allen (who also produced), Peter O'Toole, Romy Schneider, Paula Prentiss, Ursula Andress and Peter Sellers. The release for this movie was June 1965.

I'll Do Anything

I'll Do Anything is a comedy-drama movie from 1994. This movie is about an actor who finds himself the sole caretaker for his six-year-old daughter. Anne Heche plays Claire. Tracey Ullman plays Beth. Nick Nolte plays Matt. The movie got very positive reviews from the critics. The box office intake, however, was poor. The release of "I'll Do Anything" was in February 1994.

Joely Fisher

Joely Fisher (born October 29, 1967) is an American actress. She played Nina on the ABC show "Desperate Housewives". She also played Susan in the 1994 holiday comedy movie "Mixed Nuts".

Fisher was born in Burbank, California.

In September 2021, Fisher was elected Secretary-Treasurer of SAG-AFTRA.

Lighting

Lighting or illumination is the use of light to achieve a certain effect. Lighting includes the use of both artificial light sources like lamps and light fixtures, as well as natural illumination by capturing daylight. Daylighting (using windows, skylights, or light shelves) is sometimes used as the main source of light during daytime in buildings. This can save energy in place of using artificial lighting, which represents a major component of energy consumption in buildings. Lighting is a major factor in photography, movie making and television studios.

Mamie Gummer

Mary Willa "Mamie" Gummer (born August 3, 1983) is an American actress. She has been in many movies and television programs.

Gummer was born in New York City, New York. She is the daughter of actress Meryl Streep and sculptor Don Gummer. She grew up in Salisbury, Connecticut. She also spent five years in Los Angeles, California with her older brother, Henry Wolfe Gummer, and younger sisters, actress Grace Gummer and Louisa.

Cynric of Wessex

Cynric ( 560) was the King of the Gewisse, also called the King of Wessex. He reigned from about 534 to 560.

Cynric, according to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, was the son of Cerdic. Most of what is known about Cynric and his father Cerdic comes from the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle. According to the , Cerdic and Cynric, both chiefs, arrived in 495. Cerdices ora is the name of the place they landed and fought the Britons there on the same day. In 519 they defeated Britons at Cerdices ford and took Wessex. In 527 at a place called Cerdices leaga they battled with the Britons again. In 530 they conquered the Isle of Wight. The record for 534 states that Cerdic died this year, his son Cynric became king and ruled for 26 years. As king, Cynric was involved in two more major battles in and around Wiltshire. The first in 552 was at Searoburh. The second battle was at Beranburh (Barbury Castle) in 556. In this last battle Cynric's son Ceawlin was fighting alongside him. In 560 Cynric was succeeded by his son Ceawlin. His name also appeared in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle along with other Anglo-Saxon kings.

Cynric had:



Kendrick Lamar

Kendrick Lamar Duckworth (born June 17, 1987), also known as Kendrick Lamar, is an American rapper and songwriter. He is from Compton, California. He married a woman named Shylah. He is best known for his albums "Overly Dedicated", "Section.80," "Good Kid, M.A.A.D City," "To Pimp a Butterfly," and "DAMN.." He has also released five mixtapes.

In October 2013 Lamar won five awards at the 2013 BET Awards. He performed "Money Trees" at the show.

He was the only guest rapper on Eminem's album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2", which was released November 5, 2013.

Lamar did eighteen concerts with Kanye West as part of West's October-December 2013 Yeezus Tour.

Lamar was nominated for seven Grammy Awards in 2013. He performed "m.A.A.d city" and a remix to "Radioactive" with Imagine Dragons at the awards ceremony.

In 2015, Kendrick Lamar released the studio album "To Pimp a Butterfly". It won the award for Best Rap Album at the Grammy Awards. The project also got a nomination for Album of the Year. The single "I" earned Grammy Awards for both Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance in 2014. Two more songs from the album earned awards at the 2015 ceremony, with "Alright" winning both Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance, and "These Walls" winning an award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. "Alright" also received nominations for both Song of the Year and Best Music Video.

In 2017, Lamar released "Damn", stylized as "DAMN.". The project was nominated for seven Grammy Awards in 2017, winning five. The project earned the award for Best Rap Album, while also earning a nomination for Album of the Year. The single "HUMBLE." earned awards for Best Rap Performance, Best Rap Song, and Best Music Video, while also receiving a nomination for Record of the Year. Another track, "LOYALTY.", featuring singer Rihanna, won the award for Best Rap/Sung Performance. In 2018, DAMN. earned the Pulitzer Prize award for Music, making Lamar the first rap artist to earn the award.

In 2018, Lamar served as the primary curator of the soundtrack for the superhero movie Black Panther, releasing the "" soundtrack. This release and its tracks earned seven Grammy Award nominations, including for Album of the Year, in 2018. The track "King's Dead" (with Future, Jay Rock and James Blake) earned the award for Best Rap Performance.

On May 13, 2022, Lamar released his fifth studio album "Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers" after taking a 5-year break from making music. It won the award for "Best Rap Album" and was nominated for "Album of the Year" at the 2023 Grammy Awards.

The Chew

The Chew is an American television talk and cooking show. It airs on ABC. It started on September 26, 2011. It replaced the soap opera "All My Children". The show's name was inspired by talk show "The View". It focuses on food-related and lifestyle topics. It is hosted by Mario Batali, Michael Symon, Carla Hall, Clinton Kelly, and Daphne Oz.

On April 11, 2012, ABC announced that the show would air for a second season.


Cooking show

A cooking show (also called a cookery programme) is a television program where one or more hosts show people how to cook food dishes in a kitchen studio set. The show's host, often a celebrity chef, will make one or more food dishes in an episode. They will show the inspiration for the dish, how to make it, and the stages of cooking. These types of shows are often meant to be educational, although some shows are competitions that are meant to entertain the viewer.

The cable television network Food Network airs these types of shows.

Cerdic of Wessex

Cerdic (died 534) was the first Anglo Saxon King of the Gewisse, also called the King of Wessex. He was the ancestor of the kings of Wessex and the Anglo-Saxon kings of England beginning with Athelstan.

According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, Cerdic, along with his son Cynric, came to Britain in 495. Their three ships landed at Cerdic's ora fought the Britons there on the same day. Most of what is known about Cerdic comes from the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle. In 519 he and his son defeated Britons at Cerdic's ford and took Wessex. In 527 at a place called Cerdic's leaga Cerdic and Cynric battled with the Britons again. In 530 they conquered the Isle of Wight. The record for 534 states that Cerdic died this year. Cerdic was succeeded by his son Cynric.

The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle gave Cenred a pedigree going back to the Saxon god Woden. But historian Kenneth Sisam 
showed this legendary pedigree was "borrowed" from the Kings of Bernicia and was not historic. But archaeological evidence shows that outside of Kent and Sussex, the main area of settlement was in the upper Thames Valley. This agrees with much of the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle although dates are harder to verify.

It should be noted that the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle is not a reliable document for the period contemporary to Cerdic's supposed reign. It should also be noted that Cerdic is a British name and not an Anglo-Saxon name. It is also unlikely that Wessex was the name of his proposed kingdom. Ultimately, Cerdic should be considered as mythology.

Cerdic had:



Euler characteristic

In mathematics, the Euler characteristic of a shape is a number that describes a topological space, so that anything in the space will have the same number. It is calculated by taking the number of points in the shape, the number of lines in the shape, and the number of faces of the shape. One can find the Euler characteristic with this formula:

where "V" is the point count, "E" the line count, and "F" the face count. For most common shapes (convex polyhedron), the Euler characteristic is 2.
For spheres, the Euler characteristic is also 2.


Smith College

Smith College is a women's college in Northampton, Massachusetts, United States. It is a private, independent, liberal arts college. It is the largest member of the Seven Sisters group of colleges. In 2013, it was number 18 on U.S. News & World Report's list of Best Liberal Arts Colleges.

Smith is a member of the Five Colleges group. That means its students can go to classes at four other schools: Mount Holyoke College, Amherst College, Hampshire College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst.

Smith College was started in 1871 using money left by Sophia Smith. She left money in her will to start a women's college after her death. In her will, she said:

When Smith College opened in 1875, it had 14 students and six faculty. By 1915–16, there were 1,724 students and 163 faculty.

The Smith campus covers . It has more than 1,200 varieties of trees and shrubs.

The United States Naval Reserve Midshipmen's School at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, was a training ground for junior officers of the Women's Reserve of the U.S. Naval Reserve (WAVES). It was nicknamed "USS "Northampton"." On August 28, 1942, 120 women went to the school for training.

Smith has had 10 presidents and two acting presidents. (An acting president is someone who does the work of a president when there is no president or the president is not available to do the work.) Elizabeth Cutter Morrow was the first acting president of Smith College and the first female head of the college, but she did not use the title of president. For the 1975 centennial, the college had its first woman president, Jill Ker Conway. Since her term, all Smith presidents but one have been women.

On December 10, 2012, the Board of Trustees announced that Kathleen McCartney would be the president of Smith College starting on July 1, 2013. Her official inauguration was planned for October 2013.

Many Smith students have become notable. They include:




Oberon

Oberon (also spelled Auberon) is a king of the fairies in medieval and Renaissance literature. He is best known as a character in William Shakespeare's play "A Midsummer Night's Dream". In this play, he is married to Titania, the Queen of the Fairies. His servant is Puck. Puck plays tricks. 

In the play, Oberon and Titania are arguing. Titania falls asleep. Oberon tells Puck to put a potion in her eyes. This potion will make her love the first thing she sees when she wakes. She sees a man with a donkey head. Oberon and Titania make up. All ends happily.

Howard the Duck

Howard the Duck is a character from Marvel Comics created in 1973. He is a duck from outer space. His story was made into a movie in 1986. 

Howard the Duck appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014), "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (2017), and "" (2019).


Horchata

Horchata is the name of several kinds of traditional drinks common in Central America. It is made of ground almonds, sesame seeds, rice, barley, or tigernuts "(chufas)". It has a light brown color and a sweet flavor. Usually you drink horchata cold.

Aescwine of Wessex

Aescwine was a King in Wessex from about 674 to 676. He was one of several in Wessex at the time.

Aescwine was the son of Cenfus, who also ruled Wessex as a subking. They both claimed descent from Cynric through his son Ceolwulf. After the death of Cenwalh the underkings took over Wessex and ruled it for about ten years. According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle Cenwalh was succeeded as ruler by his wife Seaxburh. She ruled for about one year trying to hold central control over Wessex. In 675, Aescwine defeated Wulfhere over territory north of the Thames. Aescwine reigned from about 674 to 676. He was succeeded by Centwine.


Notre Dame Stadium

Notre Dame Stadium is the home football stadium for the University of Notre Dame. The university's football team are the Fighting Irish. The stadium is located on the university's campus in Notre Dame, Indiana, just north of the city of South Bend. It was opened in 1930. The stadium can seat over 80,000 people.

The stadium opened in 1930. It replaced the old stadium Cartier Field. It cost more than US$750,000 to build. The head coach of the Fighting Irish, Knute Rockne, played an important role in the design of the stadium. The design was based on Michigan Stadium. The stadium originally held 54,000 people. It measured a half-mile (0.8 kilometres) in circumference and stood high. It was built by the Sollitt Construction Company of South Bend. They began building in April 1930, and took six months to build. The Irish played their first game in the new stadium on 4 October 1930. They beat the SMU Mustangs 20–14. The official dedication was on October 11 against Navy.

Over the years, the stadium's seating capacity was gradually increased to 59,075. This was mainly done by making most of the seats smaller. In 1997, 21,000 new seats were added to the stadium, bringing the seating capacity to the present 80,795. Permanent lights were also installed. The lights were paid for by NBC, which has held the exclusive television rights to all home games since 1991.

The playing surface was natural grass throughout the stadium's history until FieldTurf, an advanced artificial surface, was installed before the 2014 football season.

The stadium is known for its view of "Touchdown Jesus" (actually titled "The Word of Life"), a large mural of the resurrected Jesus. The mural is painted on the southern exterior wall of the Hesburgh Library. It is high and wide. It can be seen over the northern end zone of the stadium. The mural was designed by Millard Sheets and was constructed in 1964. It cost US$200,000. It is contains 81 types of stone from 16 countries, and is composed of hundreds of panels which incorporate 6,700 pieces of granite.

In 1997, fans protested the university's plans to add 20,000 seats to the stadium. These seats would have blocked the view of "Touchdown Jesus" from the field. The university then considered limiting seats in the end zone. For aesthetic reasons however, developers went with a larger bowl all the way around. As a result, the view of "Touchdown Jesus" was partially blocked.


Makenzie Vega

Makenzie Jade Vega (born 10 February 1994) is an American teen actress. She did the character Grace in the television program "The Good Wife" on CBS. She also played Vera on the show "ER". The actress was born in Los Angeles. 

The Road to Wellville

The Road to Wellville is a 1994 comedy-drama movie. This movie is about the doctor and clean-living advocate John Harvey Kellogg and his unusual methods for maintaining health. Anthony Hopkins plays Doctor Kellogg. Lara Flynn Boyle plays Ida. Camryn Manheim plays Virginia. The movie was released October 28, 1994 in the United States. The reviews of "The Road to Wellville" were not good. The movie performed poorly in the box office.

Father of the Pride

Father of the Pride is an American animated television series. The series is based on Siegfried & Roy's performances.

The animation was produced by Imagi Animation Studios.

The family was conceived by Katzenberg when he visited Siegfried & Roy's Secret Garden in Las Vegas in 2002. The series only ran for one season.

The show revolves around the adventures of a family of white lions, consisting of father Larry, the bumbling yet well-intentioned star of Siegfried & Roy's show; Kate, a pretty, stay-at-home mother who is a member of a special women's group; Sierra, their teenage daughter who is constantly annoyed by her family; Hunter, their awkward young son, who is a huge fan of "Lord of the Rings"; Sarmoti, Kate's father and Sierra and Hunter's grandfather who has an annoyance for Larry; and Snack, Larry's mischievous gopher friend.

Recurring characters appear alongside the lion family; these include Larry's friends Roger, Chutney, Vincent, and Nelson; Larry's rival Blake and his wife Victoria; Sarmoti's friends Bernie, Duke, Chaz, and the Snout Brothers; Hi Larious; Kate's friends Foo-Lin, Lily, and Brittany; two lesbian gophers Chimmi & Changa; and Sierra's boyfriend Justin.

The primary setting of "Father of the Pride" is Las Vegas, Nevada.

It took more than 200 animators 2 years to make "Father of the Pride". Computer animation was produced at Imagi Animation Studios in Hong Kong.

The series employed a small group of seasoned directors, which included Mark Risley, Bret Haaland, Steve Hickner, John Holmquist, John Stevenson, and Mark Baldo. Felix Ip served as creative director for Imagi. For the first season, DreamWorks created 30 principal sets, 500 special props, and about 100 characters. In fact, a typical episode unfolds across all 30 principal sets and features two or three unique locations as well. The lion habitat is inspired by the real Secret Garden in Las Vegas, where the actual Siegfried & Roy lions reside. In "Father of the Pride", the Secret Garden has residences for the main characters and their families and public areas ranging from the community bar to a school classroom.

Since Larry and his family drive the story lines for most of the episodes, their residence is the most detailed, with separate sets for the living room, the kitchen, and the children's bedrooms. Meanwhile, the assets are stored in individual files in order to be loaded into separate layers and assembled modularly.



Wine cellar

A wine cellar is a place to store wines, typically in bottles or barrels. When stored in a wine cellar, wine is protected from light. Temperature should be 6–20°C.

Bukit Timah Nature Reserve

Bukit Timah Nature Reserve, or BTNR, is on Bukit Timah Hill. It is the largest primary forest in Singapore. Singapore’s original tropical primary rainforest ecosystem is half of the reserve. At the top of the hill, there is a rock showing the height, latitude and longtitude.

BTNR is the second ASEAN Heritage Park in Singapore, after Sungei Buloh Wetland Reserve. BTNR became a Heritage Park on 18 October 2011.

Theresa Caputo

Theresa Caputo (born c. 1965/1966 or 1966/1967) (sources do not agree) is an American actress. She is best known for portraying herself as someone who can talk to dead people on a television show. Many news organizations have called that claim fake.

Caputo was born and raised in Hicksville, Long Island, New York


Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle

Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle is a 1994 biographical and drama movie. This movie is about Dorothy Parker and related writers. The movie takes place in the 1920s. Jennifer Jason Leigh plays Dorothy Parker. Also acting in this movie is Martha Plimpton: she plays Jane Grant. The movie was an Official Selection in the 1994 Cannes Film Festival. The movie was given very positive reviews from many critics. The box office performance, however, was not good.

Afternoon Delight

Afternoon Delight is an American comedy-drama movie from 2013. The movie is about sexual awakenings during a sexless and loveless marriage. Juno Temple plays the stripper McKenna. The movie was first shown at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2013.

Rachel is a mother living in an unhappy life, frustrated by the roles of being a stay-at-home mom and not having had sex with her husband Jeff for months. She visits her therapist, Lenore, but is unable to find any help in her advice.

Cage (rapper)

Chris Palko (born 1973), better known by his stage name Cage or Cage Kennylz, is a rapper from New York. He is best known for his albums "For Your Box", "Movies For The Blind", "Hell's Winter" "Depart From Me and" . Cage was born in Germany but raised in New York.

2013–14 Hull City A.F.C. season

Hull City's 2013–14 season is their first season back in the Premier League after finishing second in the Npower Championship last season and gaining automatic promotion.

Rod Grams

Rodney Dwight "Rod" Grams (February 4, 1948 – October 8, 2013) was a politician from Minnesota and a radio personality. He served as a Republican in both the United States House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate. Grams first began as a TV News anchor, but quit his job in order to run for the senate.

Grams was born in Princeton, Minnesota and attended Brown Institute, 1966–8, Anoka-Ramsey Community College, 1970–2, and Carroll College, 1974–5.

After David Durenberger announced he would not seek reelection, Grams surprised many by announcing, just months into beginning his first term in the US House, that he would run for the US Senate. However, Grams faced opposition for the Republican party endorsement from State Senator Gen Olson, Bert McKasy (former chief of staff to David Durenberger), and Doug McFarland.

In the general election against Democratic Farm Labor candidate Ann Wynia and Independence Party candidate Dean Barkley, Grams won a close election to become Minnesota's next US Senator.

Grams ran for re-election in 2000 as the incumbent, losing to Mark Dayton. During the campaign, Grams' wife Christine Gunhus was revealed to have written anonymous disparaging emails about Grams' potential Democratic rival, Mike Ciresi, from her home computer. She received a fine and suspended sentence for violating political advertising regulations.

Grams was married to Christine Gunhus until his death in 2013. On September 4, 2013 it was announced that Grams had been battling cancer since 2012 and had entered hospice care.

Grams died of colon cancer on October 8, 2013 at his home in Crown, Minnesota.

Arrondissements of the Côte-d'Or department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Côte-d'Or department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Côte-d'Or are:

Since its creation, the Côte-d'Or department has had few changes:


Agilbert

Agilbert (flourished 650–) was Frankish by birth and educated in Ireland. He became the second Bishop to the West Saxons after Bishop Birinus. Following a disagreement with king Cenwalh of Wessex he returned to Gaul to eventually become the Bishop of Paris.
Agilbert studied in Ireland for several years. In 650 he came to Wessex as a . Cenwalh, the king, was impressed by his background he offered Agilbert the of Dorchester. This was the seat originally given to Bishop Birinus who founded a church at Dorchester on Thames. Birinus had died in 650 and Cenwalh was looking for a replacement. But after some time Cenwalh grew tired of not being able to understand the bishop, who apparently did not speak the Anglo-Saxon language. Cenwalh created a new diocese at Winchester in 660 and made Wine the first bishop. Agribert took offense at not being consulted and left his see.

Agilbert did not leave England immediately but visited Northumbria. 
A controversy had occurred in the Northumbrian church over the date of Easter. The king Oswiu of Northumbria and his son Eahlfrith each backed a different church position. Why Agilbert came to Northumbria at this time or who sent him is not recorded. But kings Osiwu and Cenwalh were friends. They both supported the Roman position that Easter should be celebrated the same throughout the Christian world. A synod was called at Whitby to settle the issue. Bishop Agilbert was the senior there who supported the Roman position. As he did not speak the language well, he asked Wilfrid to speak for him. Their argument was why did only the remote parts of Britain celebrate Easter differently than the remainder of the Christian world? Osiwu made a decision to celebrate Easter with the rest of the Christian churches.

Agilbert wandered in Gaul (later France) for a time before accepting the position of Bishop of Paris. He held that position from for about 12 years. He consecrated Wilfrid as a bishop at Compiègne along with several others. Later Bishop Wine was expelled from Wessex by Cenwalh. This left Wessex without a bishop. Cenwalh sent appeals to Agilbert to return to Wessex. Agilbert turned Cenwalh down saying his current duties as bishop of Paris prevented his return. But he sent his nephew Leutherius in his place. Leutherius was welcomed in Wessex as the new bishop of Winchester. Agilbert died sometime after 679. He was buried at the monastery of Jouarre.

Nicholas Oresko

Nicholas Oresko (January 18, 1917 – October 4, 2013) was a United States Army veteran and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions on 23 January 1945, during World War II.

Oresko was born on January 18, 1917, in Bayonne, New Jersey. He had Ukrainian family. Oresko later joined the Army from that city in March 1942. 

Following the death of Barney F. Hajiro in January 2011, Oresko became the oldest living Medal of Honor recipient. Oresko lived in Cresskill, New Jersey. Bayonne School #14 was renamed in his honor in July 2010.

Oresko died while undergoing surgery for a broken femur on October 4, 2013 in Englewood, New Jersey. He was 96 years old.

Siegfried &amp; Roy

Siegfried Tyron Fischbacher (June 13, 1939 – January 13, 2021) and Roy Horn (Uwe Ludwig Horn; October 3, 1944 – May 8, 2020) were German-American magicians and entertainers, best known for their acts with white lions and white tigers in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were born and raised in Germany, then moved to the United States and became U.S. citizens. From August 2004 to May 2005, Fischbacher and Horn were executive producers of "Father of the Pride".

Fischbacher and Horn were born and raised in Germany. They emigrated to the United States and became naturalized citizens. 

Siegfried was born Siegfried Tyron Fischbacher in Rosenheim on June 13, 1939, to Martin and Maria Fischbacher. His mother was a housewife, and his father was a professional painter who during World War II ended up as a prisoner of war in the Soviet Union. Fischbacher purchased a magic book as a child and began to practice illusions. He moved to Italy in 1956 and started work at a hotel.

Eventually, Fischbacher found work performing magic on the ship TS "Bremen" under the stage name Delmare. While performing aboard the ship he met Horn and asked him to help during a show. Fischbacher and Horn were fired from the TS "Bremen" for bringing a live cheetah onto the ship, but were scouted by a cruise line based in New York and began performing together as a duo.

Roy was born Uwe Ludwig Horn on October 3, 1944, in Nordenham, in the midst of bomb attacks, to Johanna Horn. His father died in World War II, and his mother married a construction worker after the war ended. She later began work in a factory. Horn had three brothers: Manfred, Alfred, and Werner. Horn became interested in animals at a very young age and cared for his childhood dog named Hexe (witch). Horn's mother's friend's husband Emil was the founder of the Bremen Zoo, which gave Horn access to exotic animals from the age of 10. Horn left school at age 13. He worked as a waiter on the cruise ship "Bremen", where he met Fischbacher and launched his performance career.

The owner of the Astoria Theatre in Bremen saw Fischbacher and Horn's act aboard a Caribbean cruise ship and got them to perform at her nightclub. This launched a career for the pair on the European nightclub circuit, and they began to perform with tigers. They were discovered performing in Paris by Tony Azzie, who asked them to come to Las Vegas in 1967. They spent some time in Puerto Rico and may have purchased property there.

In 1981, Ken Feld of Irvin & Kenneth Feld Productions started the "Beyond Belief" show with them at the New Frontier Hotel and Casino. A version of the show was taken on a world tour in the third quarter of 1988.

During a period of their careers, Fischbacher and Horn were romantically involved, though they avoided discussion of their private lives.

During a show at the Mirage on Horn's birthday on October 3, 2003, a 7-year-old white tiger named Montecore attacked Horn. As part of the act, but veering off script, Horn held his microphone to Montecore's mouth and told him to say "hello" to the audience. Montecore responded by biting Horn's sleeve. Horn swatted the tiger and barked "release!". Suffering from dizziness, Horn tripped and fell onto his back, and Montecore moved to stand over him. As standby trainers rushed in from offstage to assist, Montecore bit into Horn's neck and dragged him offstage. Trainers got the tiger to release Horn by spraying him with CO fire extinguisher canisters, the last resort available.

The attack severed Horn's spine, drained his blood, and severely injured other parts of his body, permanently impairing his motor and verbal abilities. He also had a stroke either before or after Montecore dragged him offstage. While being taken to the hospital, Horn stated, "Montecore is a great cat. Make sure no harm comes to Montecore." He told "People Magazine" in September 2004 that Montecore saved his life by trying to drag him to safety after he had a stroke. The incident prompted the Mirage to close the show, which had 267 cast and crew members.

Trainer Chris Lawrence later refuted Fischbacher and Horn's explanations for why the tiger attacked Horn, alleging it was due to Horn's mishandling of Montecore. The duo dismissed Lawrence's claims, stating he "had problems with his life anyway." Lawrence later said he believed that the duo and the Mirage covered up the real reason for the attack in order to protect their image.

In August 2004, their act became the basis for "Father of the Pride". Right before its release, the series was almost cancelled until Fischbacher and Horn urged NBC to continue production after Horn's condition improved after the attack by Montecore in October 2003. By March 2006, Horn was talking and walking, with assistance from Fischbacher, and appeared on Pat O'Brien's television news program "The Insider" to discuss his daily rehabilitation. 

In February 2009, the duo staged a final appearance with Montecore as a benefit for the Lou Ruvo Brain Institute (though Chris Lawrence had stated this performance involved a different tiger). Their performance was recorded for broadcast on ABC television's "20/20" program.

In February 2009, the duo staged a final appearance with Montecore as a benefit for the Lou Ruvo Brain Institute (though Chris Lawrence had stated this performance involved a different tiger). Their performance was recorded for broadcast on ABC television's "20/20" program.

On April 23, 2010, Fischbacher and Horn retired from show business. "The last time we closed, we didn't have a lot of warning", said longtime manager Bernie Yuman. "This is farewell. This is the dot at the end of the sentence."

On March 19, 2014, Montecore died after a brief illness. He was 17 years old.

In June 2016, director Philipp Stölzl announced that Fischbacher and Horn would produce a biopic film documenting their lives. Following Horn's death in 2020, this did not happen.

On April 28, 2020, Horn's publicist stated he "tested positive for the virus that causes COVID-19 and is currently responding well to treatment". However, his condition deteriorated and he died at the age of 75 on May 8, 2020 at Mountain View Hospital in Las Vegas. The duo's spokesman, Dave Kirvin, announced Horn's death and said it was due to complications from the disease. Fischbacher stated that "the world has lost one of the greats of magic, but I have lost my best friend".

Horn was cremated and Fischbacher stated he would keep his ashes in an urn.

On January 12, 2021, Fischbacher announced he had terminal pancreatic cancer. He died the next day in Las Vegas from the disease at the age of 81.



Janet Yellen

Janet Louise Yellen (born August 13, 1946) is an American economist and professor. She is a Democrat. She is the 78th and current United States Secretary of the Treasury since January 26, 2021.

In October 2013, President Barack Obama nominated Yellen to be first female Chair of the Federal Reserve. She replaced Ben Bernanke. She chaired the Federal Reserve from February 3, 2014 until February 5, 2018. In November 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Federal Reserve Board of Governors member Jerome Powell to replace Yellen.

Earlier, she was the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve System in the Clinton administration.

In November 2020, President-elect Joe Biden nominated Yellen to be the next United States Secretary of the Treasury. She is the first woman to be Treasury secretary.

The U.S. Senate confirmed her nomination with a vote of 84–15 on January 25, 2021. With her swearing-in by Vice President Kamala Harris the next day, Yellen became the first person in American history to lead the three most powerful economic bodies in the Federal government: the Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve, and the White House Council of Economic Advisers.

She was born in Brooklyn, New York City, and has a Jewish background. She is married to Nobel Prize winning economist George Akerlof.

Thanks for Sharing

Thanks for Sharing is a comedy-drama movie that was released in September 2013. The movie is about sexual addiction and the lives of people in New York City. Tim Robbins is Mike, Gwyneth Paltrow is Phoebe, Carol Kane is Roberta and singer Pink is Dede. The movie was given mixed review from critics. It was filmed and produced during 2012.

List of road routes in New South Wales

Major roads in New South Wales are organised into many routes. These help drivers to navigate their way between places in the state. Each route is given its own route number. The number consists of a letter (M, A or B) and a one- or two-digit number. 'M' routes are motorways, 'A' routes are national routes, and 'B' routes are state routes. The route system includes highways, motorways, and other important roads that have not been declared highways.

Route numbers have been allocated to roads in New South Wales since 1955. To supplement the national route number system, three "ring roads" were built in Sydney in 1964. These were numbered 1, 3 and 5. In 1973, a system of numbering freeways was introduced to New South Wales to complement the national routes and ring roads. In 1974, the National Highway network was defined, which in New South Wales included the Hume Highway, Federal Highway, Barton Highway, Sydney-Newcastle Freeway (now Pacific Motorway) and New England Highway. In 1993, Sydney's Metroad system was introduced.

In 2013, the state replaced its entire system of State Routes, National Routes, National Highways and Metroads with a new route numbering system of letters and numbers. The roads no longer uses National Highway shields on any route. This new system of routes are the routes that are listed below.

Fragile X syndrome

Fragile X syndrome (FXS) is a genetic syndrome that causes a range of intellectual disabilities as well as unusual physical and behavioural characteristics. Males and females can have FXS but it is more common, and often more serious, in males. It is one of the most common causes of autism and intellectual disability among boys. Individuals with this condition lack an important gene product.

Fragile X syndrome occurs as a result of a mutation of the "FMR1" gene on the X chromosome. This causes an increase an increase in the number of CGG repeats in the 5' untranslated region of "FMR1". 

In unaffected individuals, the "FMR1" gene contains 5–44 repeats of the CGG codon, most commonly 29 or 30 repeats. Between 45 and 54 repeats is considered a "grey zone". Between 55 and 200 repeats in length is described as a premutation allele. Individuals with fragile X syndrome have a full mutation of the "FMR1" allele, with over 200 repeats of the CGG codon. 

In these individuals with a repeat expansion greater than 200, there is methylation of the CGG repeat expansion and "FMR1" promoter. This silences the "FMR1" gene, and its end-product is not made.

Maggie Siff

Maggie Siff (born June 21, 1974) is an American actress. She has acted in many television programs and movies. She played Teresa Stowe in the movie "Push". Siff was born in The Bronx, New York City.

Consumer protection

Consumer protection means protecting the rights of consumers. It also helps to protect fair trade competition and truthful information in a market economy. Various laws and organisations are designed to do this. 

The laws are designed to stop companies using unfair practices to gain an advantage over their competitors. Examples of such practices are fraud and "false advertising", where a company advertises their product with false information. 

Consumer protection laws are a form of regulation.

Lubricant

A lubricant is a substance used to reduce friction between moving surfaces. The property of reducing friction is known as "lubricity" (slipperiness).

A good lubricant has the following characteristics:


The most often used lubricant is motor oil, which is used in engines of cars and motorcycles.

Sometimes, chemicals are added to normal oil to give it special properties. A lubricant, like motor oil, can also help in reducing heat. Simply put, cooling depends on surface area in contact. So, if something normally has a small surface area, you can put that thing into a bigger pot, and put oil in the pot. This way, oil comes in contact with small surface area of the small object, and transfers that heat to the big surface area of the big vessel. As a rule, liquids can transfer heat better than gases.

In manufacturing, sometimes oil is used to cool the item being made. This also helps in removing metal that was just chipped off. This chipped-off metal normally flows with the oil until it is filtered. Then the oil is reused. The filtered metal chips are normally scrapped.

Sometimes, lubricants are used for hydraulic machines. A hydraulic machine uses the fact that the hydraulic oil cannot be compressed, and performs a simple conversion – it works like a lever.

Some common lubricants are:

Oils can cause pollution, especially water pollution, if released into the open.

Depart From Me

Depart From Me is the third studio album by American rapper Cage. It was released by Definitive Jux on July 2009. The guitar strings are played by Sean Martin, who works with Cage. It was supported by the singles "I Never Knew You" and "I Found My Mind In Connecticut".

Picts

The Picts were ancient Celtic people from northern and eastern Scotland. 

They are first mentioned in written records in AD 297, before the Roman conquest of Britain. The name 'Pict' is from the Latin "pictus" meaning 'painted.' This may have been due to reports from the Romans that the Picts on their bodies, along with reports that ancient Celtic Britons during Roman times would paint themselves various terms that are now translated as "woad", but originally may have meant "glass" and "green" ("vitrum" and "glastum", respectively). This process is described as staining the skin of battle wounds a dark color, since woad is a powerful astringent. It may also refer to a name they called themselves, that was recorded by the Romans. 

They spoke a Pictish language. It was related to the Brythonic languages spoken by the Britons living to the south. Picts were possibly the of the Caledonians and other tribes that were mentioned by Roman historians. 

The area of Scotland called gradually merged with the Gaelic kingdom of Dál Riata. This formed the kingdom of Alba, later known as Scotland. Alba then expanded, absorbing the British kingdom of Strathclyde and Bernician Lothian. By the 11th century the Pictish identity had become a part of the Scottish people.

Young Buck

David Brown (born March 15, 1981), better known as Young Buck or Buck for short, is an American rapper. He is from
Nashville, Tennessee. He is best known for his albums 'Buck The World' and 'Straight Outta Cashville'. Brown is the founder and president of his own record label Ca$hville Records.

Pennacook

The Pennacook (or Pawtucket) were a Native American people in North America. They lived along the Merrimack River in New Hampshire and Massachusetts. They spoke an Algonquian language.

When the English colonists arrived, the Pennacook fled north with the Abenaki, or west with other tribes. Those that went west were hunted down and killed by colonists. Those that fled northward eventually merged with other displaced tribes from New England.

Gordian I

Gordian I (; 159 – 12 April 238) was a Roman Emperor. He was only emperor for one month, alongside his son Gordian II in 238, the Year of the Six Emperors. He was involved in a rebellion against the Emperor Maximinus Thrax. His armies were defeated by those loyal to Maximinus. Gordian then killed himself.

Arrondissement of Beaune

The arrondissement of Beaune is an arrondissement of France, in the Côte-d'Or department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Beaune.

When the Côte-d'Or department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Beaune was part of that original department.

It is the southernmost and the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , but it is the second in population, after the "arrondissement" of Dijon, with 97,107 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Beaune is bordered to the north by the "arrondissements" of Montbard and Dijon, to the east by the Jura department, to the south by the Saône-et-Loire department and to the northwest by the Nièvre department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Beaune, there is only one canton where not all its "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Nuits-Saint-Georges. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Beaune has 223 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:



Canadian literature

Canadian literature is literature written in Canada, or by Canadians. Notable writers include Charles Sangster, Saul Bellow, Margaret Atwood, Mordecai Richler, Michael Ondaatje and Alice Munro.

French Canadian literature is literature written by French Canadians.

Ray Bolger

Raymond Wallace Bolger (January 10, 1904 – January 15, 1987) was an American singer, dancer, and actor. He was born in Boston. His theatrical career started in vaudeville. He appeared in Broadway shows. He went to Hollywood. He appeared in several movies. He played the Scarecrow in the 1939 MGM movie "The Wizard of Oz". He married Gwen Rickard in 1929, but they didn't have children. Bolger died of bladder cancer in Los Angeles, California, five days after his 83rd birthday.

Jack Haley

Jack Haley (August 10, 1898 – June 6, 1979) was an American singer, actor, and dancer. He played the Tin Woodman in the 1939 MGM movie "The Wizard of Oz".

Haley was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Haley died of a heart attack at the UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California at the age of 80.

Bert Lahr

Bert Lahr (born Irving Lahrheim, August 13, 1895 – December 4, 1967) was an American entertainer. He was born Irving Lahrheim in New York City. He started his career in vaudeville. He performed in Broadway musicals. He was in Cole Porter's musical "DuBarry was a Lady" in 1939. He was also in the movie "The Wizard of Oz" in 1939. He played the Cowardly Lion. Lahr was married twice. He had three children. He died of cancer, aged 72.

Billie Burke

Billie Burke (August 7, 1884 - December 12, 2009) was an American stage, movie, and television actress. She was born Mary William Ethelbert Appleton Burke in Washington, D.C. Her father was the circus clown, Billie Burke. She married Florenz Ziegfeld Jr. on 11 April 1914. He died on 22 July 1932. They had one child, a daughter. Burke played Glinda, the Good Witch, in the 1939 MGM movie "The Wizard of Oz". She died of natural causes in Los Angeles, California.

Arrondissement of Dijon

The arrondissement of Dijon is an arrondissement of France, in the Côte-d'Or department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and the Prefecture of the department, is the city of Dijon.

Dijon was one the "arrondissement" of Côte-d'Or when the "arrondissements" were created on 17 February 1800.

It is in the northeast of the department and has an area of . It is the "arrondissement" of the Côte-d'Or department where more people lives, with 373,574 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Dijon is bordered to the north by the Haute-Marne department, to the northeast by the Haute-Saône department, to the southeast by the Jura department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Beaune and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Montbard.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Dijon, there is only one canton where not all its "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Nuits-Saint-Georges. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Dijon has 228 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Montbard

The arrondissement of Montbard is an arrondissement of France, in the Côte-d'Or department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital is the city of Montbard.

When the Côte-d'Or department was created on 17 February 1800, Montbard was not one of the original "arrondissements" of that department. The "arrondissement" of Montbard was made in 1926 with the merging of the arrondissements of Châtillon-sur-Seine and Semur-en-Auxois.

It is the largest in area of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , but the one with the lowest population with 60,699 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Montbard is bordered to the north by the Aube and Haute-Marne departments, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Dijon, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Beaune, to the southwest by the Nièvre department and to the west by the Yonne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Dijon, there are only three cantons and they have all its "communes" are in the "arrondissement":


The "arrondissement" of Montbard has 253 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Owain Glyndŵr

Owain Glyndŵr (also known as Owain Glyn Dŵr and Owen Glendower), (c. 1355 – c. 1415) was the last person born in Wales to be Prince of Wales. He was prince between 1401 and 1416. He started the Welsh Revolt against Henry IV of England's rule of Wales. In the late 19th century, the Young Wales (Cymru Fydd) movement decided that he was the father of Welsh nationalism. Since then, he has been seen as a hero by the Welsh. There is a university in Wales that is called Glyndŵr University after him.

Glyndŵr was born into an Anglo-Welsh family in about 1355. His family were reasonably rich and had large properties in the north east of Wales. He was educated in England, and later joined the English army. He took part in an attack on Scotland, and then later went back to Wales. After Richard II was overthrown by Henry IV there was a period of confusion, and Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn took the opportunity to take some of Glyndŵr's lands. Grey was a supporter of Henry IV, while Glyndŵr had supported Richard II.

Glyndŵr sought help from Henry IV to deal with his land being taken, but Henry refused to take action against his supporters. Glyndŵr also failed to supply soldiers to the king for another attack on Scotland. Grey called him a traitor. Glyndŵr decided to take action against Henry IV. He gave himself the title of Prince of Wales in September 1400, and began a series of attacks against Grey and towns along the borders with England. Henry IV sent his army to Wales to fight Glyndŵr and regain control, but it had the opposite effect. It became a widespread rebellion against England.

In April 1401 Glyndŵr's army captured Conwy Castle. The next year, at the Battle of Bryn Glas, also known as the Battle of Pillethl, Glyndŵr defeated the English army, and captured its leader, Edmund Mortimer. By 1404 a French army had landed, and together with the Welsh army they attacked Worcester.

By 1408 the English forces were able to defeat the Welsh, and support for the rebellion collapsed. Glyndŵr still kept up attacks and raids on the English, but this was more of a guerrilla campaign than a full scale revolt. The last mention of Glyndŵr is when the English offered terms if he surrendered in 1416. It is believed that he was already dead.

Owain married Margaret Hanmer (). Her father was Sir David Hanmer. Margaret had five sons and four daughters with Owain. These children were:


All of Owain's sons either died while fighting in war, taken prisoner and died as prisoners, or died with no children of their own. Owain also had children from other women who were not his wife. They were named: David, Gwenllian, Ieuan, and Myfanwy.

After Owain died, most people did not care if the English people ruled the country anymore. During the time of the Tudor's, men from Wales, called Welshmen, started to become more famous in English society.

Many people forgot about how important Owain was until the 1800s, when people started to celebrate his life. The "Young Wales" group made him the symbol of Welsh nationalism. Things that were owned by Owain were found in the National Library of France during this time period. They found his "Great Seal" and letters he had written to French people. A statue of him was made and put at Cardiff City Hall during World War I. Postcards were sold with Owain on them. The postcards were sold to make money to help soldiers who were injured in war. 

In 1808, the Royal Navy named a Fifth-rate frigate after Owain. It was called the HMS "Owen Glendower". The boat served in the Gunboat War. It helped take over the island of Anholt. During the years 1822 and 1824, the boat was in the West Africa Squadron, where it chased slave ships. It captured two ships. 

Nationally, Owain is as famous as King Arthur. Organizations use his name and drawings of him as their symbols to celebrate Wales as a country and Welsh culture. In the 1980s, a group of people called "Meibion Glyndŵr" burned down vacation homes owned by English people. They used Owain as their logo. In the year 2000, parties were held across Wales to celebrate the 600th anniversary of Owain's revolt. In 1974 and 2008, stamps were made with Owain on them. There is an award that is given every year for arts and writing called the Glyndŵr Award. The band Manic Street Preachers wrote a song about Owain in 2007 called "1404". There are many statues throughout Wales of Owain. 

There is a building at the University of Cape Town, called Glendower Residence, that is named after Owain. It used to be a hotel, and is now where students live.

Marie Claire

Marie Claire is a major monthly magazine for women. It was first published in France, although it later expanded into other countries. The edition in the United States focuses mostly on women. "Marie Claire", however, also covers health, fashion and beauty topics. The magazine was started in 1937 by Jean Prouvost and Marcelle Auclair.


Tromsø (city)

Tromsø (; ) is a city in Troms county, Norway. It is located on the island of Tromsøya, just off the mainland of Northern Norway. The city has an estimated population of 64,492 people and an area of . It is the largest urban area in Northern Norway. 

The University of Tromsø and University Hospital of North Norway are the largest workplaces in the city. The fishing industry is also important, and Tromsø is home to the headquarters of Norges Råfisklag and Norges sjømatråd (seafood council). 

Tromsø is situated in the Arctic region on the island Tromsøya. It is surrounded by mountains. The highest one, called Tromsdalstinden, has an elevation of above sea level.

Tromsø is also surrounded by fjords. The Ullsfjorden is a notable one east from Tromsø. These fjords make it possible to engage in activities such as fishing, boating, and wildlife observation.

The waters around Tromsø are home to different types of sea animals, such as Atlantic cod, herring, seals, and whales. The yearly whale migration can be seen in Tromsø. Humpback whales, orcas, and fin whales can be seen in the fjords during the migration.

Tromsø is also home to many land animals. The mountains and forests are a place to live for reindeer, Arctic foxes, and many types of birds. Seabirds like puffins, kittiwakes, and guillemots can be seen.

Tromsø is warmer than other places at the same latitude, thanks to the warming effect of the Gulf Stream. However, the Gulf Stream is showing signs of uncertainty due to global warming. The city center of Tromsø has the highest number of old wooden houses in Northern Norway, with the oldest house dating back to 1789. The city is a cultural center for the region, with several festivals taking place in the summer.

Tromsø has a long history, with evidence of people living there dating back to at least 10,000 years ago. The area was first settled by the indigenous Sámi, who still live there today. In the 13th century, Norwegians began to settle in the area and Tromsø grew into an important trading post. The city became a centre for fishing and whaling, which were important industries for many years.

Tromsø has also played a significant role in polar exploration. Many expeditions to the Arctic and Antarctic regions began in Tromsø, including those of Roald Amundsen and Fridtjof Nansen. During World War II, Tromsø was occupied by the Germans, and there were many battles fought in the area.

Principality of Capua

The Principality of Capua ( or "", ) was a state in the south of the Italian Peninsula. It existed from the 9th century to the 11th century. For most of its history, it was independent in practice, but officially under the suzerainty of the Western and Eastern Roman Empires.

Capua was originally a gastaldate within the Principality of Benevento, and then a county within the Principality of Salerno. The rulers of Capua were Lombards until 1058, when it was conquered by Normans.

Old Capua was an ancient Etruscan city. It was the one of the most important cities in southern Italy during the Roman Empire. When the Lombards invaded Italy in the second half of the 6th century, Capua was sacked. Later, it was made a part of the Duchy of Benevento, and ruled by a Lombard official with the title of "gastald". Little is known of this part of its history.
Capua first became a state of its own under Landulf I. In 839, the duke of Benevento, Sicard, was killed by Radelchis, who took the throne for himself. This caused a civil war that divided the country. Sicard's brother Siconulf declared Salerno independent and himself prince of Salerno. Landulf and his sons had also been allies to Sicard, so the gastald declared Capua independent too. In 841, Capua was sacked and completely destroyed by mercenaries hired by Radelchis. In early 849, Landulf's eldest son Lando I asked the Holy Roman Emperor to settle the dispute and end the war. The emperor divided Benevento and Salerno into two separate principalities. Capua was made a county of the Principality of Salerno. Since Old Capua had been destroyed, Lando I had a new city built around a nearby fort in 856. This new city was the Capua that still exists today.

Lando did not submit to Siconulf or Salerno for very long. Capua was invaded by Salerno and Naples in 859, but defeated them. Pando (ruled 861–862) declared Capua independent of Salerno in 862. On his death in the same year, a dispute arose over who should be the next count. Pando's son Pandenulf was deposed by his uncle Landulf II. Landulf was also the bishop of Capua, so he governed both politics and religion in the county. When he died in 879, a civil war started over the throne. The two claimants were Pandenulf, the previous count who had been deposed, and Lando III, another grandson of Landulf I. Salerno allied with Lando III and Benevento with Pandenulf. They both ruled in different parts of the county, and they both made their sons Bishop of Capua. Pandenulf successfully held the throne in Capua during the civil war, until Lando III captured the city in 882.

Lando III and his brother Landenulf I spent their reigns defending Capua against Naples. Their other brother, Atenulf, had joined with Naples against them. By early January 887, Atenulf established himself as the Prince of Capua. He then turned his attention to conquering Benevento.

In 899, Atenulf I defeated Radelchis II and conquered Benevento. He was proclaimed Prince of Benevento in January 900. He united the principalities of Capua and Benevento and declared them to be inseparable. He also introduced a diarchy-style system for the throne. Under this system, the sons and brothers of the prince would have equal status, and would rule alongside the prince. By doing this, Atenulf hoped to prevent future disputes over succession.

Atenulf made his son, Landulf III, co-prince. Together they made alliances with the local Greek states, such as Naples and Gaeta. After Atenulf died, Landulf mostly continued the policies of his father. He is best known for his involvement at the Battle of Garigliano, in which the Fatimid Saracens were defeated. He spent most of his reign after Garigliano trying to weaken the Byzantine authority in Apulia and the Campania. His son, Landulf IV, allied against Salerno. Like his father, he attacked Byzantine territories, but was defeated. Capua was forced to become a vassal of the Byzantine Empire, at least officially.

Under Landulf IV's sons, the union of Capua and Benevento broke down. Although they remained united by law, Pandulf ruled in Capua and Landulf V ruled in Benevento. However, all of the Lombard states in Italy were eventually unified under Pandulf, who was called "Ironhead". The Emperor Otto I gave the Duchy of Spoleto and Camerino to Pandulf in 967. When Landulf V died in 969, Pandulf seized Benevento from his nephew, Pandulf II. He then became Prince of Salerno in 978, when the reigning prince died without any children. Before Pandulf died, he split the country between his sons; Benevento–Capua was given to his eldest son, Landulf VI.

Soon, Benevento and Capua were divided by the Emperor Otto I. Landulf VI kept Capua, while Benevento was given back to his cousin, Landulf V's son Pandulf II. In the 990s, Capua experienced a period of instability. Landenulf II was murdered by his brother Laidulf, who took the throne for himself. When the Emperor Otto III found out, he had Laidulf removed. His replacement was then overthrown by the citizens of Capua. The old dynasty was reinstalled in 1000 under Landulf VII, the second son of Landulf V. He made his brother, Pandulf II of Benevento, regent for his son and heir. Pandulf reigned alongside his nephew as Pandulf III of Capua. Thus, Capua and Benevento were briefly united for the last time.

Capua regained some of its earlier power under Pandulf IV. He was deposed twice between his succession in 1016 and his death in 1050. He was originally an ally of the Byzantines and remained allied with them against all his neighbours until the end. He was constantly in dispute with the church, and with the coastal duchies of Naples, Gaeta and Amalfi. For all this, he was nicknamed the "Wolf of the Abruzzi". He wanted to give Capua a seaport. He deposed the dukes of Naples and Gaeta, and went to war against Guaimar IV, the Prince of Salerno. The Emperor Henry II had him removed and imprisoned, but he eventually won back his throne.

The city became less important under Pandulf's successors. It was eventually taken by the Norman allies of Guaimar IV.

The Norman count Richard of Aversa conquered Capua in 1058. He left the city itself in the control of Landulf VIII for another four years, until 12 May 1062. Richard became an ally of the Popes, but was later excommunicated. His son and successor, Jordan I, captured an area of Papal territory for the principality. He was also excommunicated. When Richard died, his family was very powerful, with strong influence over central Italy.
When Jordan I died in 1091, the Capua's power declined quickly. From 1091 to 1098, the city of Capua itself was controlled by Lando IV. Lando was a Lombard who was put on the throne by the citizens in opposition to the young Richard II. Richard II was only reinstalled with the help of his fellow Normans from Sicily and Apulia. Capua became dependent on Sicily. The princes continued to try and influence papal elections and act as papal protectors. When Jordan II died in 1127, the principality became a target for Roger II of Sicily, who had united Sicily, Apulia and Calabria. For 20 years from 1135 to 1155, Capua and Sicily were at war with each other until Capua was finally annexed into the Kingdom of Sicily.

Below are listed the rulers of Capua from 840 to 1172.


The gastalds (or counts) of Capua were originally vassals of the Dukes of Benevento. In the early 840s, Gastald Landulf I declared independence from Benevento after Salerno had done the same. That caused a civil war in Benevento, which lasted for more than 10 years. At the end of it, Capua was made a vassal of Salerno by the Holy Roman Emperor Louis II. However, this did not last, and by the end of the 9th century Capua was effectively independent.


In 899, the principalities of Benevento and Capua were united by Atenulf I. Until 982, all of the rulers below were Prince of both Capua and Benevento. Atenulf also developed a new system for the throne where fathers would rule with their sons or brothers.


In 982, the principalities were finally separated by Pandulf Ironhead and the Emperor Otto I.


These princes were of the Drengot line.




Badulla District

Badulla is a district in the Uva Province of Sri Lanka. The entire land area of the Badulla district is 2,861 square kilometres. A total of 837,000 people live there. The district borders the districts of Monaragala and Rathnapura on the east and south, Ampara and Kandy districts on the north and Nuwara Eliya and Rathnapura on the west.

The economy of the district mostly depends on farming and livestock. Tea and vegetables are grown in the upper, hilly areas of the district. Paddy fields cover much of the lower parts.



Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons

The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) is an international organisation made in 1997 in order to watch countries according to Chemical Weapons Convention. The main office of OPCW is in The Hague, Netherlands. On October 11, 2013, OPCW was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.



Actuator

An actuator is a type of motor that either pushes, pulls, or rotates.

Linear actuators are actuators that move in a straight line. They can be made to move by electricity, or by pushing water or air very hard. When water (or oil or another liquid) is used, it is called hydraulic, and when air is used, it is called pneumatic. Hydraulic systems are used for moving very heavy things, like in cranes, excavators, or bulldozers.

First Battle of the Marne

The First Battle of the Marne was a battle in the First World War. It was fought between the German Empire on one side, and

the French and British on the other. The battle ended with a tactical retreat of the German army. It was one of the first signs that the Schlieffen Plan had failed. The battle cost the lives of over one million French and British soldiers. It also cost the lives of over 750,000 soldiers on the German side. The battle was fought from 5 - 12 September 1914. The battle marked the end of the German advance into France. It marked the beginning of trench warfare that World War I became famous for.

The Schlieffen Plan called for an attack through Belgium. The Germans were to avoid the main French fortifications, on the German frontier. They invaded Belgium on August 3rd 1914. The Germans pushed through the Belgium army with little difficulty. After destroying the main fortifications in Liege and Namur, the German First Army and Second Army under the command of Alexander von Kluck and Karl von Bülow, moved toward Paris. At the Battle of Mons the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) halted the German forces temporarily. They inflicted heavy casualties on the Germans. But the French army and the BEF finally retreated towards the River Marne where they waited for the Germans. With no real opposition the Germans moved as quickly as possible and prepared to face the French and British at the Marne River.

The Germans moved to within of Paris. The French government fled the capital for the safety of Bordeaux. The Germans were so close that they could fire their massive railway guns (massive cannons mounted on railroad cars) right into Paris.

During the battle there was not any way to move French troops fast enough to the front. But there was a solution. General Gallieni called for every taxi and driver to report for duty. Paris had about 10,000 taxis but because of the war only had about 7,000 drivers. Gallieni's plan was to move the troops by taxi, which at the time was a very new invention. The taxis moved through the night and day to carry soldiers. The drivers received 0.20 francs (₣) per kilometer. But by September 8, the taxis had only brought about 5,000 soldiers from Paris. In a battle with over a million men, 5,000 could not make a great difference. Also, most of the soldiers that came by taxi were held in reserve.

The German Second Army led by Bülow decided to move south to destroy the French Fifth Army. General Von Kluck did not know about this so he continued to move up and engage the French. With this movement a large gap was created between the two German armies. The British and French counterattacked into the gap and by September 10 the Germans retreated. Paris was saved.

The Germans retreated forty miles from the Marne. Since their plan had failed they did not know what to do. They had not been trained in trench warfare but their only recourse was to dig in and wait for the allies. Eventually the trenches they dug reached 300 miles in length.


Ca$hville Records

Casville Records (often stylized as Ca$hville Records) is an independent record label based in Nashville, Tennessee. It was started by rapper Young Buck in 2006. It was originally called G-Unit South. However, since Buck and 50 Cent had engaged in a feud while Buck was signed to G-Unit Records, he was kicked out and had to change the label's name because he could no longer use the G-Unit logo to distribute his music. Its artists are gangsta rap or southern rap musicians. It has so far signed acts such as Outlaws and Lil Scrappie and is currently being distributed by RED distrubution.


G-Unit

G-Unit is a hip hop group from New York. It consists of rappers 50 Cent, Lloyd Banks and Tony Yayo. They are signed to 50 Cent's record label G-Unit Records. They have released several albums. The have also engaged in feuds with other musicans in the industry including Ja Rule, Game and Young Buck.

Božidar Boki Milošević

Božidar "Boki" Milošević () is a renowned Serbian and Yugoslav clarinetist.

He was born in Prokuplje to father Krsta, a farmer, and mother Vidosava, a housewife. After completing primary school in 1947, self-taught, he began playing the clarinet.

In he came to Belgrade. This is where he started studying the English language at the Faculty of Philology. At the same time, he worked at the National Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade, which was then led by the famous Vlastimir Pavlović Carevac. Since that year, he has launched into a successful music career. The same he passed I preparatory class at the School of Music Josip Slavenski in Belgrade, under professor Franjo Partlić, and automatically entered the second grade. He became a member of the sextet Duško Radetić in Radio Belgrade from its founding in .

In music editor of Radio Belgrade, Djordje Karaklajić, formed the Great National Orchestra RTB and was its principal conductor. He arranged the Yugoslav folk melodies. The Orchestra was also conducted by Dušan Skovran, a rector of the Music Academy in Belgrade, and Djura Jakšić, a headmaster of the Music School "Slavenski" in Belgrade. Božidar Milošević regularly performed in this Orchestra.

From to he continued musical education in the High Music School Slavenski under professor Franjo Partlić. During –, he used to play in the String Orchestra RTB under the direction of Ilija Genić – Baćka.

After the death of Carevac in , the violinist Rade Jašarević was appointed as the new head of the National Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade. Božidar Boki Milošević was still playing in the Orchestra as a soloist on the clarinet.

From to he studied at the Music Academy in Belgrade. He was with the first generation of clarinetists (Ernest Ačkun, Mihailo Živanović, Milenko Stefanovic and Božidar Milošević) in the class of Bruno Brun. Then, under Bruno Brun, he entered postgraduate studies (–). 
From to he worked as a professor of clarinet at the Music School "Slavenski" which was a part of the Music Academy in Belgrade. In he moved to Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra and became its member and soloist.

After the death of the violinist Rade Jašarević in a car accident, Bozidar Milošević had become the head of the famous National Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade and worked there until his retirement in . He had been an instrumental soloist of the orchestra for 30 years.

As a soloist performer, he had tours and concerts all over the world. In the s in Israel, London, Vienna, Berlin, across the United States, Colombia, Guatemala, Canada, Mexico and ... Touring the Soviet Union in , he visited more than half of the Soviet Union. There he composed his first composition Vlaska storm.

With the sextet Duško Radetić, the Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade, the Grand National Orchestra RTB and others, he made many lasting and valuable recordings of the Yugoslav national heritage.

As an instrumental soloist, he made countless shows in radio and television programs in many European countries as well as in the New York NBC television. Here, in the country, in addition to regular appearances, his two special TV shows in which he presented himself as a complete musician performing at a high level classical, jazz, evergreen, and folk music are still remembered.
He has made a lot of records and CDs, mostly for record label PGP RTB.

Both domestic and foreign music critics gave very high ratings and opinions about Milosevic's music-making.

With his original style of playing the clarinet, Božidar Milošević has worked in the development of folk music and setting of its standards, criteria, and evaluation.

He is a role model and measure of value for many young generations of clarinetist. He has introduced a severe-educated way of playing the clarinet in folk music, not from any element of academic level of playing the clarinet and his approach.

He has made many valuable recordings of all genres (from Mozart's "Divertimento" and the "A major concert for the clarinet and orchestra", to "jazz concert of Artie Shaw", through melodies "eternally living", to melodious Vranje and his featuring compositions of southern Serbia...) for Radio Belgrade, Radio Novi Sad, Radio Titograd, Radio Sarajevo, Radio Skopje, Radio Zagreb and Radio Ljubljana.

Božidar Milošević is a multiple winner at numerous festivals in the country and abroad. There is almost no such music event, where the audience and the jury did not award him first prize:



He was born in Prokuplje to father Krsta, a farmer (1892–1968), and mother Vidosava, a housewife (1896–1971). After completing primary school in 1947, self-taught, he began playing the clarinet. 
In 1950 he came to Belgrade. This is where he started studying the English language at the Faculty of Philology. At the same time, he worked at the National Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade, which was then led by the famous Vlastimir Pavlović Carevac. Since that year, he has launched into a successful music career. The same 1950 he passed I preparatory class at the School of Music Josip Slavenski in Belgrade, under professor Franjo Partlić, and automatically entered the second grade. He became a member of the sextet Duško Radetić in Radio Belgrade from its founding in 1951.

In 1951 music editor of Radio Belgrade, Djordje Karaklajić, formed the Great National Orchestra RTB and was its principal conductor. He arranged the Yugoslav folk melodies. The Orchestra was also conducted by Dušan Skovran, a rector of the Music Academy in Belgrade, and Djura Jakšić, a headmaster of the Music School "Slavenski" in Belgrade. Božidar Milošević regularly performed in this Orchestra.

From 1952 to 1956 he continued musical education in the High Music School Slavenski under professor Franjo Partlić. During 1955–1958, he used to play in the String Orchestra RTB under the direction of Ilija Genić – Baćka.

After the death of Carevac in 1956, the violinist Rade Jašarević Rade Jašarević was appointed as the new head of the National Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade. Božidar Boki Milošević was still playing in the Orchestra as a soloist on the clarinet.

From 1956 to 1960 he studied at the Music Academy in Belgrade. He was with the first generation of clarinetists (Ernest Ačkun, Mihailo Živanović, Milenko Stefanovic and Božidar Milošević) in the class of Bruno Brun. Then, under Bruno Brun, he entered postgraduate studies (1960–1963). 
From 1960 to 1966 he worked as a professor of clarinet at the Music School "Slavenski" which was a part of the Music Academy in Belgrade. In 1966 he moved to Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra and became its member and soloist.

After the death of the violinist Rade Jašareviđ in a car accident, Bozidar Milošević had become 1976 the head of the famous National Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade and worked there until his retirement in 1980. He had been an instrumental soloist of the orchestra for 30 years.
Milošević died on 15 April 2018 in Belgrade at the age of 86.

As a soloist performer, he had tours and concerts all over the world. In the 1950s in Israel, London, Vienna, Berlin, across the United States, Colombia, Guatemala, Canada, Mexico and ... Touring the Soviet Union in 1971, he visited more than half of the Soviet Union. There he composed his first composition Vlaska storm.

With the sextet Duško Radetić, the Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade, the Grand National Orchestra RTB and others, he made many lasting and valuable recordings of the Yugoslav national heritage.

As an instrumental soloist, he made countless shows in radio and television programs in many European countries as well as in the New York NBC television. Here, in the country, in addition to regular appearances, his two special TV shows in which he presented himself as a complete musician performing at a high level classical, jazz, evergreen, and folk music are still remembered.
He has made a lot of records and CDs, mostly for record label PGP RTB.

Both domestic and foreign music critics gave very high ratings and opinions about Milosevic's music-making.

With his original style of playing the clarinet, Božidar Milošević has worked in the development of folk music and setting of its standards, criteria, and evaluation.

He is a role model and measure of value for many young generations of clarinetist. He has introduced a severe-educated way of playing the clarinet in folk music, not from any element of academic level of playing the clarinet and his approach.

He has made many valuable recordings of all genres (from Mozart's "Divertimento" and the "A major concert for the clarinet and orchestra", to "jazz concert of Artie Shaw", through melodies "eternally living", to melodious Vranje and his featuring compositions of southern Serbia...) for Radio Belgrade, Radio Novi Sad, Radio Titograd, Radio Sarajevo, Radio Skopje, Radio Zagreb and Radio Ljubljana.

Božidar Milošević is a multiple winner at numerous festivals in the country and abroad. There is almost no such music event, where the audience and the jury did not award him first prize:



Susanne Sundfør

Susanne Aartun Sundfør (born 19 March 1986 in Haugesund) is a Norwegian singer-songwriter. She has released five studio albums since 2007. She is currently making her sixth album. She has made songs with Röyksopp ("Ice Machine", "Running to the Sea"), Timbuktu ("Kapitulera"), Morten Myklebust ("Away"), Maps ("A.M.A."), Nils Petter Molvær ("Baboon Moon"), Real Ones ("Sister to All"), M83 ("Oblivion"), and Siri Nelsen and Susanna ("Death Hanging"). Odd Martin Skålnes sings on "Morocco" on "Susanne Sundfør". Sundfør produced Bow to Each Other's 2013 single "Darkness". Christian Wallumrød, Ådne Meisfjord, Øystein Moen, and Morten Qvenild composed "A Night At Salle Pleyel." She is a member of Hypertext. Her music contains elements of classical, jazz, and electronic music. She has been given two Norwegian Grammy Awards. Her first album "Susanne Sundfør" reached #3 in the Norwegian chart. "The Brothel" and "The Silicone Veil" reached number 1 in Norway. She released her first all instrumental album in 2011, "A Night At Salle Pleyel". Her fifth album, "The Silicone Veil," was released in 2012. Three singles were released from it in Norway: "White Foxes", "The Silicone Veil", and "Among Us". "White Foxes" was made for the movie "Verden Venter". It reached 19 in the Norwegian chart. In 2015 Sundfør's sixth album "Ten Love Songs" was released. She lives in Oslo. She did her first tour in the United States in 2013.

Branch Davidians

The Branch Davidians, or simply, The Branch", are a religious group that split in 1955 from the Davidian Seventh-day Adventists.

The Davidians divided from the Adventists around 1930. Most of them had been removed from membership of the Seventh-day Adventist Church because of their beliefs.

The reform movement believed themselves to be living in the last millennium, when the bible prophecies of Christ's second coming. The name "Branch Davidian" is widely known for the Waco Siege of 1993 on their property near Waco, Texas. The 51-day siege, by the ATF, FBI, and Texas National Guard, resulted in the deaths of the Branch Davidians' leader David Koresh, 82 other Branch Davidian men, women, and children, and four ATF agents.


Ilene Graff

Ilene Susan Graff (born February 28, 1949) is an American actress and singer. She is perhaps best known for her role as Marsha Owens in the sitcom "Mr. Belvedere". She acted in this role from 1985 until 1990.

Graff was born in Brooklyn, New York. Her parents were both involved in music. She began her professional career as a teenager when she performed as a singer and commercial actress. She was taught at Martin Van Buren High School in Queens Village. She graduated from Ithaca College in 1970.

She has acted on Broadway, including in the plays "Promises, Promises", "Grease", "Truckload", and "I Love My Wife". Her work in television includes "Barnaby Jones", "Laverne & Shirley", "Mork & Mindy", "Three's Company", "Lewis & Clark", and "St. Elsewhere".

Graff married songwriter Ben Lanzarone. Married since 1978, the couple has a daughter Nikka Graff Lanzarone. Ilene is the older sister of Tony Award-nominated actor Todd Graff. Her cousin is actress Randy Graff.

Isotopes of hydrogen

Hydrogen has three main isotopes; protium (H), deuterium (H) and tritium (H). These isotopes form naturally in nature. Protium and deuterium are stable. Tritium is radioactive and has a half-life of about 12 years. Scientists have created four other hydrogen isotopes (H to H), but these isotopes are very unstable and do not exist naturally.

The main isotopes of hydrogen are unique because they are the only isotopes that have a name. These names are still in use today. Deuterium and tritium sometimes get their own symbols, D and T. However, the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry does not like these names much, even though they are often used. There are other isotopes that had their own names when scientists studied radioactivity. But, their names are no longer used today.

Protium is the most common isotope of hydrogen. It makes up more than 99.98% of all the hydrogen in the universe. It is named "protium" because it's nucleus only has one proton. Protium has an atomic mass of 1.00782504(7) u. The symbol for protium is H.

The proton of protium has never decayed in an observation, so scientists believe that protium is a stable isotope. New theories of particle physics predict that a proton can decay, but this decay is very slow. The proton is said to have a half-life of 10 years. If proton decay is true, then all other nuclei that are said to be stable are actually only "observationally stable", i.e. they look like they are stable. Recent experiments have shown that if proton decay does occur, it would have a half-life of 6.6 × 10 years.

Deuterium, or H or sometimes D, is another stable isotope of hydrogen. The isotope has one proton and one neutron. It makes up about 0.0026 – 0.0184% of all atoms of hydrogen on Earth. Deuterium is less in hydrogen gas on Earth and is more in sea water (0.015% or 150 ppm). Deuterium is not radioactive, and it will not harm living things. Deuterium can also form water molecules. Water that has deuterium instead of protium is named heavy water.

Tritium (H) is the most stable radioisotope of hydrogen. That is, of all radioactive isotopes of hydrogen, tritium is the least radioactive. It has a proton and 2 neutrons in its nucleus. Tritium decays through beta minus decay and changes to helium3. It has a half-life of 12.32 years.

Tritium is formed naturally by the interaction between the gases in the upper atmosphere and cosmic rays. It is also created during nuclear weapons tests. Tritium and deuterium is used in D-T nuclear fusion in stars to give out a lot of energy.

Crimea

Crimea (Russian: Крым, Ukrainian: Крим) is a peninsula in the Black Sea that separates it from the Sea of Azov. Crimea has a surface of . It is about by . About 2.4 million people live there. On the Crimean peninsula live Russians, Ukrainians, Crimean Tatars, Crimean Karaites, Krymchaks and Xoraxane Roma.

In 2014 Russia took control of the peninsula and annexed it. Most countries still say it is part of Ukraine. In 2018 Russia built the Kerch Bridge to connect it to Russia.

In 2022, the government of Ukraine recognized the Crimean Tatar indigenous people of Ukraine on the territory of the Crimean peninsula.

The Crimean Khanate ruled Crimea from the 15th to the 18th centuries. Late in the 18th century, the Russian Empire won a war against the Ottoman Empire and took control. The Crimean War was fought here in the 19th century. 

Crimea was part of Russia until the Soviet Union gave it to Ukraine in 1954. Ukraine gave it a limited self-rule as an "autonomous —" . The seat of the government is Simferopol, which is also the biggest city. Other major cities are Sevastopol and Kerch.

In March 2014, after a series of protests in Ukraine the month before, Russian troops took control of Crimea. A referendum in Crimea by Russia was held in which over 95% of voters voted to join the Russian Federation. The Crimean Parliament quickly proclaimed independence from Ukraine as a result. The area became the Republic of Crimea, a federal subject of Russia. 

The referendum is not recognized by Ukraine or the international community. They still consider Crimea de jure Ukrainian territory. On March 24, Russia was expelled from the G8 (which became the G7), and on March 27, the United Nations General Assembly passed Resolution 68/262, which states that the referendum was invalid and Crimea still belongs to Ukraine. In later months, the United States, the European Union, and other places started economic sanctions to prevent Russian people and goods from entering those countries. 

Redback spider

The redback spider is a venomous spider that lives in Australia. The female is larger than the male. The female's body is about 1 centimetre long and the male's body is about 3 millimetres long. The adult female spider is usually black and usually has a red stripe on its back. The female likes to live in warm sheltered places and makes a web to catch insects and other small creatures.

The spider's bite can be very painful and dangerous to people, because it can inject a venom through its fangs. An antivenom injection is available, which can help to restore the health of people who have become very ill after being bitten by the spider.

Pow-wow (folk magic)

A pow-wow is a ceremony practiced by the Pennsylvania Dutch. It is used to cure animals of sickness. It is mainly made up of Christian folk religion and early European beliefs.


Vastu shastra

Vastu shastra is known as the "science of buildings". It was used to build Hindu buildings (architecture), mostly Hindu places of worship (temples).

People who believe in Vaastu shastra think that the universe is made of five things:


Alice Liddell

Alice Pleasance Liddell (4 May 1852 – 16 November 1934) was a child friend of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson. She inspired his two books "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865) and "Through the Looking-Glass" (1871). Dodgson wrote the two books using the pen name, Lewis Carroll.

Alice was born in Westminster, London, one of ten children of Henry Liddell and his wife Lorina. Her father was Dean of Christ Church college in Oxford. Dodgson was a mathematics don, a Fellow at the college. He was 24 years old when he met Alice on 25 April 1856. He was an expert photographer, and took a number of photographs of her.

Alice and her sisters Edith and Lorina took little trips with Dodgson. They had boating parties and other outdoor adventures. Dodgson told stories on these trips. He started the story of Alice in Wonderland during a boat trip on the Thames on 4 July 1862. In 1864, his trips with the girls were brought to an end by their mother. It is not known why.

Alice grew up a refined young woman. She married Reginald Hargreaves in Westminster Abbey in 1880. The couple lived in a country house in Hampshire. Alice was a very capable person. She managed many servants. She arranged balls and parties. She had three sons. Two were killed in World War I. Her husband never overcame this loss. He died in 1926.

Mrs. Hargreaves sold some of her "Alice" memorabilia through Sotheby's. This sale included the original "Alice" manuscript. It had been the gift of Dodgson. It was bought by an American. It was returned to the United Kingdom during World War II. It now is in the British Museum. Alice died in 1934 in Westerham, Kent. She was cremated and buried in the Hargreaves family plot in Hampshire.

Nazi mysticism

Nazi mysticism is a commonly held belief that Hitler and the Nazi Party practiced the occult. This idea has been part of popular culture since 1959.

There are many documentaries made about this belief.


Anthroposophy

Anthroposophy is a philosophy founded by Rudolf Steiner. The philosophy teaches that through inner development a person can better know the spiritual world.

"Anthropos" is a Greek word that means "human being". "Sophos" means "wise". Steiner believed every human being had the wisdom to understand the mysteries of existence. He left the German Theosophical Society in 1912 trading divine wisdom for human wisdom.

Anthroposophy does not have a rigid set of beliefs. It is said to be a philosophy of freedom. Each person connects to the world through an individual path.

The path to wisdom is based on research. The research leads to knowledge. This is similar to teachings of Thomas Aquinas. Anthroposophy is different in that it pursues knowledge of science, the arts and spirituality all together.

The philosophy also teaches respect of other humans. It encourages support of others in their interest and learning of the spiritual world. To support this, Steiner created The Anthroposophical Society in 1923. It is now called the General Anthroposophical Society. The society has groups and national societies in over 75 countries.


Venom

Venom is a kind of poison used by animals. It is made in an animal's body. It is injected into the body of another animal by a bite or sting. Animals that use venom include some kinds of insects, fish, reptiles, and even mammals.

Some animals use venom to kill another animal that they are going to eat. One animal that does that is the rattlesnake. Some animals use venom to protect themselves. Some animals that do that are bees, ants and stingrays. Some animals use venom for both of these things.

Soliloquy

A soliloquy is a special kind of speech in a play. In a soliloquy, the character speaks to themselves. Other characters of the play are not aware of what is said. That way, the character can share certain thoughts or feelings with the audience. 

There are many famous soliloquies in Shakespeare's plays. Some of those are the "To be or not to be" soliloquy in "Hamlet", the "Is this a dagger" and the "Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow" soliloquies in "Macbeth", and the "Bottom's Dream" soliloquy in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". Plays changed towards realism in the 18th century. Soliloquies became less common in plays. 

Somniloquy

Somniloquy is a sleep disorder. People with the condition often talk during their sleep.

Aurornis

Aurornis is a genus of dinobird from later Jurassic or the Lower Cretaceous. It lived in what is now China. "Aurornis xui" may be the most basal ("primitive") bird species known to date. Aurornis was discovered in 2013. The animal may predate the famous "Archaeopteryx lithographica", the earliest bird, by about 10 million years.

"Aurornis" was described from a sedimentary rock fossil in 2013. The fossil was purchased from a local dealer who said it had been unearthed in Yaoluguo in western Liaoning, China. At first, analysis confirmed it came from the Tiaojishan Formation, which has been dated to the late Jurassic period, about 160 million years ago. The fossil features traces of downy feathers along the animal's tail, chest, and neck. It was only partly prepared at the time of purchase; the feathers were not showing, and the fossil bore no signs of forgery. 

On 7th June 2013 Science (journal) said that Pascal Godefroit, the paleontologist who led the team that described "Aurornis", is uncertain if the fossil material came from Liaoning province's 160-million-year-old Tiaojishan Formation as claimed by the fossil dealer. It may be from the province's 125-million-year-old Yixian Formation, which is known to have produced several ancient bird fossils. The failure to secure rigorous provenance casts doubt on the claim that "Aurornis" is 160 million years old and predates "Archaeopteryx". Godefroit's team will try to confirm the specimen's age by mineralogical and botanical analysis on the shale slab. 

"Aurornis" was roughly the size of a modern pheasant – in length from beak to tail tip. It had claws and a long tail. Its leg bones are similar to those of "Archaeopteryx", but overall its bone structure is more primitive. The absence of larger feathers suggests "A. xui" was unable to fly. If "Aurornis" lived roughly 160 million years ago, this is about ten million years before "Archaeopteryx", which often has been described as the first bird.

A phylogenetic analysis of "Aurornis" published in 2013 found that it belongs in the bird lineage, in a more basal position than "Archaeopteryx". The analysis was based on "almost 1,500 [anatomical] characteristics."

The classification of "A. xui" as a bird is somewhat contentious, however, due to the various differing definitions of the word "bird". Recent discoveries "[emphasize] how grey the dividing line is between birds and [non-avian] dinosaurs", says Paul Barrett of the Natural History Museum, in London. "There's such a gradation in features between them that it's very difficult to tell them apart ... ["Aurornis xui"] is certainly an older member of the bird lineage than "Archaeopteryx", and it's fair to call it a very primitive bird. But what you call a bird comes down to what you call a bird, and a lot of definitions depend on "Archaeopteryx"." Bird evolution specialist Lawrence Witmer called the new analysis compelling, but said it remains difficult to distinguish birds from birdlike dinosaurs: "All of these little feathered species running and flapping around ... were all very similar."

American paleontologist Luis Chiappe said that "A. xui"'s forelimb is too short to be a true bird. It "is very birdlike, but it is not yet a bird," he concluded.

Casting (metalworking)

In metalworking, casting is the act of pouring liquid metal in to a mold. When it hardens it is sometimes called a "cast" or "casting".

Casting processes have been used for thousands of years. It is widely used for making sculptures, jewelry, weapons and tools.

To cast iron, which is the most common material for casting, metal is first melted. It is then poured into a mold and let cool. After cooling, it may be grinded to become smooth, or hammered to become stronger.

Canadair CL-13 Sabre

The Canadair CL-13 Sabre is a jet aircraft built in Canada. It is similar to the F-86 Sabre made by the USA. About 1800 of these planes were built from 1950 under a license from the United States. It was used in Canada and Germany.

Development regions of Nepal

Nepal was divided into 5 Development Regions (), 14 Administrative Zones () and 75 Districts () before 20 September 2015. After 20 September 2015, Nepal is divided into 7 provinces and 77 districts.


Zones of Nepal

Until 2015, Nepal was divided into 14 administrative zones ("anchal") and 77 districts (""). The 14 administrative zones were grouped into five development regions.

In 1962, Nepal reorganized into 14 administrative zones but, around 1995, zones fell into disuse, so the already existing development regions effectively became the primary subdivisions.

The administrative zones, by development regions and from east to west, were the following:


Willie Degel

William Jack "Willie" Degel (born September 1, 1967) is an American entrepreneur who started and is the chief financial officer of the "Uncle Jack's Steakhouse" chain of restaurants in New York City. He is best known as the host of "Restaurant Stakeout" on Food Network. He was born in Queens, New York.

Degel opened his first restaurant, "Hollywood and Main", in June 1990 in Flushing, Queens. Six years later, he opened "Uncle Jack's Steakhouse", which has three locations in New York City. In March 2012, Degel began hosting "Restaurant Stakeout", where he goes to different restaurants around the country with hidden cameras to take a look at problems with the service that the restaurants are having.


Restaurant Stakeout

Restaurant Stakeout is an American reality television program that airs on Food Network. It began on March 12, 2012. It follows New York City restaurant owner Willie Degel, who goes to different restaurants around the country with hidden cameras to take a look at problems with the service that the restaurants are having. The show has actors who go into the restaurants to be rude or difficult to the employees. The second season began on August 29, 2012. It is one of the first "reality" series to air on Food Network.


DVD-Audio

DVD-Audio is an audio format similar to the CD. It is commonly claimed to have higher audio quality than the CD. DVD-Audio has not become popular due to the cost and rarity of the players, and because the traditional CD is considered good enough. Tests have shown that the traditional CD already has the highest possible audio quality. This has been mathematically proven by the Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem. DVD-Audio does, however, support surround sound, and many DVD-Audio releases are available with surround sound. The traditional CD theoretically supports surround sound too, but, with the exception of DTS and Dolby Surround-encoded CDs, no surround-capable CD player has ever been made, and no surround-formatted CD has ever been released.

DVD-audio supports multiple sample rates, including 44.1 (same as CD), 48 (same as DAT and DVD-Video), 88.2, 96, 176.4, and 192 kHz, with either 16, 20, or 24-bit encoding. Surround sound is supported up to the 96 kHz sample rate; higher sample rates can only be in mono or stereo. DVD-Audio also uses 56-bit encryption on the audio data (DVD-Video uses 40-bit CSS encryption and CD does not use encryption). The 56-bit encryption algorithm is a modified version of DES, and like DES it has been broken. DVD-Video content may be present on a DVD-Audio disc to enable compatibility with video-only players. Unlike Super Audio CD, there is no mechanism for compatibility with standard CD players.

Boris Christoff

Boris Christoff (18 May 1914 – 28 June 1993) was a Bulgarian singer. He sang in the bass range. Critics thought him to be one of the great acting singers of the 20th century. He sang some 40 roles. His most famous role was Boris Godunov. He also received kudos for his Philip II in Verdi's "Don Carlo", and for his Mephistopheles in Gounod's "Faust". He sang several Wagnerian roles. These included Hagen in "Gotterdammerung" and King Mark in "Tristan und Isolde".

Christoff was born in Plovdiv, Bulgaria. He sang in the Gusla Choir. King Boris of Bulgaria gave him a private stipend to study in Rome. He studied with Riccardo Stracciari. He also studied in Salzburg, Austria. After World War II, Christoff lived in Rome. In 1950, he was hired to sing the title role in "Boris Godunov" at Covent Garden. This became the role he was known for. He sang in the United States. He never sang at the Metropolitan Opera. Problems with his visa made this impossible.

Italian Peninsula

The Italian Peninsula or Apennine Peninsula (, "Penisola appenninica") is a large peninsula of Southern Europe. It extends into the Mediterranean Sea, with the Ionian and Adriatic Seas on the east and the Tyrrhenian Sea on the west. It is in between two larger peninsulas: the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula. Because of the peninsula's shape, it is nicknamed "Lo Stivale" ("The Boot"). Three smaller peninsulas make it look similar to this shape. They are named Calabria (the "toe"), Salento (the "heel") and Gargano (the "spur").

The peninsula is about long, starting from the Po Valley in the north. The Apennine Mountains cover most of its length. It mainly has the Mediterranean climate, though in the mountainous parts the climate is much cooler.

Since the reign of Roman Emperor Augustus (end of 1st century BC), the northern border of the peninsula has been set on the Alps drainage basin. Geographically, however, its northern end runs from the Magra to the Rubicon rivers, north of the Apennines in Tuscany and Emilia-Romagna. This definition does not include the Po Valley or the southern slopes of the Alps.

Nearly all of the peninsula is part of the Italian Republic, apart from San Marino and the Vatican City.


Battle of Reading (871)

The Battle of Reading was fought in 871 at Reading. It was one of a series of battles between invading vikings and the Anglo-Saxons of Wessex. The viking (also called Danish) army was led by Bagsecg and Halfdan Ragnarsson. This was a large combined army. The viking army was attempting to conquer Wessex. The Wessex army was led by king Athelred of Wessex and his brother Alfred. Both the battle and the campaign it was a part of are described in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle. This account provides the earliest known written record of the existence of the town of Reading. The Vikings had established a camp at Reading. The camp had several natural defenses. It was protected by the Thames and Kennet rivers on two sides, and by a rampart on the western side. Three days after their arrival, a party of Danes rode out towards nearby Englefield. There they met a West Saxon force under the command of Ealdorman Athelwulf. In the Battle of Englefield many of the Danes were killed, and the rest driven back to Reading. Four days later, Athelwulf was joined by the main West Saxon army, led by King Athelred and his brother, Alfred. The entire Saxon force marched on Reading. In the battle that followed the Vikings defeated the Wessex army and it was driven back. Aethelwulf, the ealdorman, was killed in the fighting.


Auditory hallucination

An auditory hallucination is a type of hallucination in which a person thinks they hear sounds, but the sounds are not actually there. In medical terms, it is called a paracusia. A common form involves hearing one or more voices talking. This can be a sign of some psychotic disorders, such as schizophrenia or mania. It is very important sign when deciding that a patient has one of these conditions.

People may hear voices without suffering from any specific mental illness. The causes are still being researched. The main cause of auditory hallucinations in psychotic patients is schizophrenia. The underlying problems in these cases may be genetic.

There are three main ways in which the hallucination may form: a person hearing a voice speak thoughts, a person hearing one or more voices arguing, or a person hearing a voice narrating their own actions. There can be other types of auditory hallucinations besides these three. These include hearing music playing inside the mind, usually songs that the person is familiar with. This is usually caused by damage to the brain, hearing loss or epileptic activity.

The main method of treating auditory hallucinations is antipsychotic medications that affect the body's dopamine metabolism. If the hallucinations are being caused by a mood disorder, then other medications (such as antidepressants or mood stabilizers) are often used together with the antipsychotics. These treatments may stop the hallucinations, but they are not a cure as they do not fix the cause of the problem. Some psychological therapies have been shown to help lower the intensity of the hallucinations and how often they occur.



Flat panel display

Flat panel display is the name for a number of devices which are either used as computer screens, as televisions, or to display information; for example at an airport. Most of them use Liquid Crystal display technology; which is newer than cathode ray tubes. 

The most common display technologies are:

HMS Royal Oak

HMS "Royal Oak" was a British battleship. It was built in 1916 and fought in the Battle of Jutland the same year. On 14 October 1939, soon after the start of World War II, it was sunk in Scapa Flow in Orkney, Scotland by the German submarine "U-47". 835 people on the ship died when it sank, including the ship's admiral Sir Henry Blagrove. Many of the dead were boys younger than 16. The sinking affected people from both Germany and Britain: the commander of the German submarine, Günther Prien, was given a medal by Adolf Hitler, and the British quickly built sea walls to stop such a thing happening again.

Every year, Navy divers put a flag on the ship's stern.

Districts of Nepal

The districts of Nepal ( - jillā) are the second level in the administrative subdivision of the country.

There are 77 districts that are grouped in 7 provinces. Within the districts are the municipalities and the rural municipalities.



Capital gain

A capital gain is money earned by selling property to people or investing in something in hope of getting money. An example would be money earned by selling stocks or goods to investors.

São Paulo Cathedral

São Paulo Cathedral () is the main Catholic church in the archdiocese of São Paulo, Brazil. It was completed in 1967. It is an example of Gothic Revival architecture.


Sweet Genius

Sweet Genius is a reality-themed television cooking competition series that airs on Food Network. It is hosted by pastry chef Ron Ben-Israel. It started on September 9, 2011. It is similar to "Chopped" in that four confectionery and pastry chefs compete in three rounds on the show: "Frozen", "Baked", and "Chocolate". After each round, one chef is eliminated until one chef is left. The winning chef wins $10,000. In each round, there are two ingredients that the chefs must use along with an inspiration that they must base their dish on. The first ingredient that they must use and the inspiration are shown at the beginning of the round, while the second ingredient is shown in the middle of the round. Sometimes, there will be three ingredients. Each round has a limited amount of time that the chefs must make their dish in. There are 40 minutes for the first round, 50 minutes for the second round, and 60 minutes for the final round. After each round, Ben-Israel tastes and gives his thoughts on each chef's dish, and then eliminates one chef.


Saints Row (series)

Saints Row is a series of video games created by Volition game studios. It features mechanics similar to the "Grand Theft Auto" series. Starting from "Saints Row: The Third", Volition decided to experiment with dark humour and unrealistic gameplay, ranging from impossible air stunts to the inclusion of a dildo bat as a weapon. Afterwards, Volition decided to completely abandon realistic game physics and graphics.

"Saints Row IV" was released in 2013 and modified the gameplay, allowing the player to fly and use superpowers, rendering the use of motor vehicles impractical.

"Saints Row Gat out of Hell" was released in 2015 and was set in Hell with the use of superpowers again.
Pelagia noctiluca

Pelagia noctiluca is a jellyfish. In Latin, "Pelagia" means "of the sea", "nocti" stands for night and "luca" means light thus "Pelagia noctiluca" can be described as a marine organism with the ability to glow in the dark. 

This species is commonly known as the mauve stinger. It occurs in warm and temperate waters of the world's oceans, including the Mediterranean Sea, Red Sea and Atlantic Ocean. It is also found in the Pacific Ocean, with sightings in warm waters off Hawaii, southern California and Mexico. 

It is an offshore species, although sometimes it is washed near the coastlines and may be stranded in great numbers on beaches. The color varies. As well as pink or mauve, it is sometimes shades of golden yellow to tan.

In an unprecedented event on November 21, 2007, a swarm of jellyfish wiped out a 100,000-fish salmon farm in Northern Ireland, causing around £1 million worth of damage.

As its name implies "P. noctiluca" has the ability to bioluminesce, or produce light. Light is given off in the form of flashes when the medusa is stimulated by the turbulence of a ship’s motion or by waves. This flashing is short, and gradually fades.

Octene

Octene is a chemical compound. It has a formula of . Octene contains eight carbon atoms and sixteen hydrogen atoms in each molecule. These molecules are put together with a double bond that makes it an alkene.

C8H16

The molecular formula CH may refer to:


Cyclooctane

Cyclooctane is a cycloalkane. It has the molecular formula (CH). It is a simple colourless hydrocarbon.

Ryan Nugent-Hopkins

Ryan Nugent-Hopkins (born April 12, 1993 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He was selected by the Edmonton Oilers with the 1st overall pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

Alex Smith

Alexander Douglas "Alex" Smith (born May 7, 1984) is an American football former quarterback who played in the National Football League (NFL) for 16 seasons. He played college football for University of Utah.

Smith was the first person taken in the 2005 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers. He played for the 49ers between 2005 and 2013.

During a game against the Houston Texans on November 18, 2018, Smith was sacked by Kareem Jackson and J. J. Watt. The hit caused Smith's right leg to break. When Smith was getting surgery, he developed necrotizing fasciitis and almost had to get his leg amputated. In July 2020, doctors said he was able to return to football. The team cleared him to play on August 16, 2020. On October 11, Smith made his return in a 30-10 loss to the Los Angeles Rams.

On April 19, 2021, Smith announced that he was retiring from playing professional football.

Pembrokeshire

Pembrokeshire is a county in Wales. Pembrokeshire County Council's headquarters are in the county town of Haverfordwest.

The county is home to Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.


Slug (rapper)

Sean Daley (born September 7, 1972) is an American rapper. He is better known by his stage names Slug or Sep Seven. He is best known for being the lead singer of the hip hop group Atmosphere.

Slug is from Minnesota. His stage name is a nickname that was given to him by his father. It was originally "Sluggo" by later shortened to "Slug".

Slug has been involved in several projects. He formed Atmosphere in 1989. He worked with several other rap musicians in the late 1990s to form The Dynospectrum. They released an album, "The Dynospectrum", in 1998. He formed another group, Deep Puddle Dynamics, in the same year. In 2000, Slug started Felt with Murs, another rap musician. They have released three albums.

In 2005, Slug started a record label with Murs, called Women Records.


Scott Sanders

Scott Gerald Sanders is a former Major League Baseball player. He played as a right-handed pitcher.

In 1993 Sanders began playing for the San Diego Padres. This was his first Major League team. He also played for the San Diego Padres, Seattle Mariners, Detroit Tigers, and Chicago Cubs.

Sanders also started one game for the Cleveland Indians in 2000. He pitched poorly. After a few innings, rain caused the game to be cancelled. All stats from the game were removed. Sanders did not play for the Indians after that game. 

In 2001, Sanders pitched in Japan for the Nippon Ham Fighters.

In his career, Sanders was in 34 winning games and 45 losing games. He pitched 632 strikeouts and had a 4.86 ERA.

Provenance

Provenance is the history of ownership, or the position of a historical object. It comes from the French "provenir", meaning "to come from".

The term was originally used in relation to works of art. It is now used in a wide range of fields, including archaeology, paleontology, archives, manuscripts, printed books, and science and computing. The main reason to trace the provenance of an object is to get evidence of its original production or discovery. This has a special value to help authenticate objects, to prove what they are. Provenance is essentially a matter of documentation.

In archaeology the term provenience is used in related but a subtly different sense to "provenance". Archaeological researchers use "provenience" to refer to the three-dimensional location or find spot of an artifact or feature within an archaeological site, whereas "provenance" covers an object's complete documented history. Ideally, in modern excavations, the provenience or find spot is recorded (even videoed) with great precision, but in older cases only the general site or approximate area may be known, especially when an artifact was found outside a professional excavation and its specific position not recorded. An object may have both a provenience (where it was found) and a provenance (where it has been since it was found). In some cases, especially where there is an inscription, the provenance may include a history that predates its burial in the ground, as well as its history after rediscovery.

Eastern Development Region, Nepal

Eastern Development Region () was one of Nepal's five development regions. It was at the eastern end of the country. Its headquarters were at Dhankuta.

The Eastern Development Region had Sikkim and West Bengal (India) to the east, Bihar (India) to the south, the Central Development Region to the west and the Tibet Autonomous Region (People's Republic of China) to the north.

The Eastern Region was the third largest Development Region of Nepal with an area of . It was the second in population with 5,811,555 (21.9% of total) people living there in 2011. Its population density was 204.2 persons/km.

The region had three ecological zones: the high mountains, the hills and the Terai.

The highest mountain in the region, and in the world, is Mount Everest. It is in the Solukhumbu District, Sagarmatha Zone. The lowest point of Nepal, Kechana Kalan is also here, in the Jhapa district. It is near the Mechi river and close to the border with India.

The most important rivers in the Eastern Development Region were the Kosi, tributary of the Ganges river; and the Mechi, tributary of the Mahananda River. Nepal's largest river system (the Kosi) and its highest waterfall (the Hyatrung in the Terhathum district) were found in this region. The Hyatrung waterfall () is high.

The region is rich in biodiversity. There are 28 species of "Rhododendron" (out of the 31 species available in Nepal) in the Tinjure-Milke-Jaljale area.

The major cities of this region were Biratnagar, Dharan, Dhankuta, Itahari, Rajbiraj, Birtamod Urlabari and Damak. Other notable places are Namche Bazaar (the town near the base camp of Mt. Everest), Gaighat, Lahan, Ilam, etc.

The Eastern Development Region had 3 Zones, parallel to each other, with a total of 16 Districts, 893 Village Development Committees (VDCs), 1 Sub-metropolitan city, and 13 Municipalities; the zones and districts were:

5. growing dental services in kathmandu



Branle

The branle is an old French dance of the 16th century. Though French in origin, it spread to most of western Europe. Spelling varies greatly: "bransle", "brangle", "brawl", "brawle", "brall"(e), "braul"(e), or (Scot.) "brantle".

There are few descriptions of the dance steps. It is a sequence dance performed with partners in lines or circles. In John Marston's "The Malcontent" (1604), act 4, scene 2, the character Guerrino describes the steps of a dance called "Beanchaes brawl" (Bianca's branle): t'is but two singles on the left, two on the right, three doubles forward, a trauerse of six round: do this twice, three singles side, galliard tricke of twentie, curranto pace; a figure of eight, three singles broken downe, come vp, meete two doubles, fall backe, and then honour.

A more detailed and more accessible account is given of the Scots branle by the dance historian Melusine Wood.

The music for the dance was written in duple or triple meter, depedning on the type of branle. The four types are simple, duple, guy, and Burgandian, as described by Thoinot Arbeau in his "Orchesography".



Gavin Henson

Gavin Lloyd Henson (born 1 February 1982) is a Welsh rugby union player. He was born in Pencoed, South Wales. He plays for Bath Rugby. He has two children with singer Charlotte Church.


Marlon Jackson

Marlon Jackson (born March 12, 1957) is an American singer and musician. He was a member of the boy band The Jackson 5. In 1980 he appeared on his sister La Toya Jackson's first album. This was his first music outside of The Jackson 5. In 1987, he released a solo album, "Baby Tonight". Unlike his brothers, he did not continue to work in music after this apart from the 1989 single "2300 Jackson Street" with The Jacksons.

Marlon joined The Jackson 5 as a percussionist. He was later a singer for the group. He also played the conga and tambourine. In 1968 The Jackson 5 were signed to Motown Records. They released their first single "I Want You Back" in 1969. It reached number one in the United States. Their next three singles also went to number one. The band have sold 150 million records. In 1997 the band were given a star in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Tishrei

Tishrei (), or "Tishri," is a month of the Hebrew calendar. In the Hebrew Bible, it is called "Ethanim" (), or simply "the seventh month". (The counting starts at Nisan, the spring month containing Passover.) The name Tishrei was brought back by the Jews from their Babylonian exile.

Tishrei always has 30 days. Tishrei has more holidays than any other month of the Hebrew calendar. These include:

Call of Duty: Ghosts

Call of Duty: Ghosts is Infinity Ward's 5th "Call of Duty" video game. It was first sold for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Wii U, and the Xbox 360 on November 5, 2013. It was released for the PlayStation 4 on November 15, 2013 and for the Xbox One on November 22, 2013. 

Parícutin

Paricutin is a volcano in Mexico in the state of Michoacán. It is the youngest volcano in the western hemisphere, born in 1943. It is now 1,353 feet (424m) above the valley, and 9,186 feet (2,800m) above sea level.

Ice sheet

An ice sheet is a large mass of glacier ice that covers an area of more than . It may also be called a continental glacier. There are two ice sheets in the world at the moment: in Antarctica and Greenland.

Ice sheets are larger than ice shelves or alpine glaciers. Masses of ice covering less than 50,000 km are called ice caps. The ice in an ice cap usually comes from a series of glaciers that drain into it.

The Antarctic ice sheet is the largest single mass of ice on Earth. It covers an area of almost 14 million km and contains 30 million km of ice. Around 90% of the fresh water on the Earth's surface is held in this ice sheet. If all of it were to melt, it would cause sea levels to rise by 58 metres. The ice sheet first formed in the early Oligocene. It retreated and advanced many times until the Pliocene, when it came to occupy almost all of Antarctica.

The Greenland ice sheet covers about 82% of the surface of Greenland. Satellite images from NASA show that it is melting at a rate of about 239 cubic kilometres (57.3 cubic miles) each year. If all of it melted, it would cause sea levels to rise by 7.2 metres. The ice sheet did not develop at all until the late Pliocene, but apparently developed very quickly. This had the unusual effect of allowing fossils of plants that once grew on present-day Greenland to be much better preserved than with the slowly forming Antarctic ice sheet.

John Davis (sealer)

John Davis (born in 1784 in Surrey) was an American ship captain from New Haven, Connecticut. He is thought to have been the first to land on Antarctica. He is one of four explorers who share this claim. In February 1821 he may have landed a boat at Hughes Bay. The Davis Strait which separates Baffin Bay from the Labrador Sea was named by William Baffin in 1916. He probably named it after John Davis. 

On March 20, 1820, Davis left New Haven, Connecticut for a trip to the Pacific Ocean. He had received news of the discovery of the South Shetland Islands while he was anchored at the Falkland Islands. Learning there were large numbers of seals there, he and another ship captain sailed their vessels to Greenwich Island. But it was too late in the season and other were there before them. So Davis took his ship, named "Cecilia", in search of seals further south. Finding many seals at Low Island he continued southwards. He probably came upon Hughes Bay on the Antarctic Peninsula. His ship's log records he found "a large body of land." He sent a boat to shore to look for seals but found none. He also wrote "I think this southern land to be a continent". He also wrote in the log the latitude was 64°01'S (sixty-four degrees, one minute, south). Davis continued his journey back to Greenwich Island arriving there on 10 February, 1821. He wintered at the Falkland Islands and returned to seal hunting the following season. It remains impossible, however, to prove he was the first to reach Antarctica.

Superman suit

The Superman suit is the costume of the fictional comic-book character Superman, a superhero appearing in DC Comics.

Winti

Winti is the Afro-Surinamese traditional religion. It is about believing in a god called Anana Kedyaman Kedyanpon.

Sonkajärvi

Sonkajärvi is a municipality of Finland. It is in the province of Eastern Finland and is part of the Northern Savonia region. The municipality was founded in 1922. In August 2013, 4,596 people lived there.


Bob McDonnell

Robert Francis "Bob" McDonnell (born June 15, 1954) is an American politician. He was the 71st Governor of Virginia from 2010 to 2014. He was on the executive committee of the Republican Governors Association. He succeeded Rick Perry of Texas.

McDonnell was a lieutenant colonel in the United States Army. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1993 to 2006. McDonnell was the Attorney General of Virginia from 2006 to 2009.

McDonnell was born on June 15, 1954 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at Notre Dame University, at Boston University, and at Regent University. McDonnell is married to Maureen Gardner. They have five children.

On January 21, 2014, McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were accused on federal corruption charges. They were convicted of most charges by a federal jury on September 4, 2014. McDonnell is the first Virginia governor to be indicted – and the first Virginia governor to be convicted of a felony. McDonnell was sentenced on January 6, 2015 to two years in prison, followed by two years of supervised release.


Governor of Virginia

The Governor of Virginia is the chief executive of the state of Virginia for a four-year term. Glenn Youngkin is the current governor since 2022. The governor lives in the Executive Mansion of Virginia. 

The most recent election took place on November 2, 2021.

, there are nine former Governors of Virginia currently living, the oldest being Chuck Robb.


Jackie Jackson

Sigmund Esco "Jackie" Jackson (born May 4, 1951) is an American singer. He is the second child of Katherine and Joe Jackson. He was a member of The Jackson 5. The band has sold 150 million records around the world. They had four number one singles in the United States. The group released their first album "Diana Ross Presents The Jackson 5" in 1969. The group released nine more studio albums on Motown. In 1976 they left the label. They were signed to Epic Records. The Jackson 5's name changed to The Jacksons. They released six albums.
He released two solo albums, "Jackie Jackson "(1973) and "Be the One "(1989). He lives in Las Vegas. He runs two record companies, Jesco Records and Futurist Entertainment there. 

He has two children with his first wife Enid Adren Spann. She divorced him after catching him cheating with Paula Abdul. In 2001 Jackson married his second wife Victoria Triggs.

Tito Jackson

Toriano Adaryll "Tito" Jackson (born October 15, 1953) is an American singer and guitarist. He is the third child of Joe and Katherine Jackson. He is a member of the pop band The Jackson 5, who reformed in 2012. With The Jacksons he has had four US number one singles. He has three sons, Taryll, TJ, and Taj. They make up the pop band 3T. He recorded five songs for a solo album but it was never released. But in 2011 he released a single, "We Made It". He was in the 2009 TV series "" with his brothers Jermaine, Jackie, and Marlon.

Jackson's father Joe bought him a guitar when he was 8 years old. Joe made Tito and his brothers Jackie and Jermaine into a group called The Jackson Brothers. Later Marlon and Michael joined. The group's name was changed to The Jackson 5. They were signed to Steeltown Records. The label released the group's first single "Big Boy". They were signed to Motown Records in 1968. Their first single on the label, "I Want You Back", reached number one in the United States. The band went on to sell 150 million records.

Evapotranspiration

Evapotranspiration is the movement of water from the Earth's surface to the atmosphere by evaporation and transpiration. 

Evaporation is the movement of water to the air from the ground or bodies of water (such as lakes). Transpiration is a process that happens in plants, in which water is lost through stomata in the leaves and becomes vapour in the air. Together, these form an important process in the water cycle.

Defend Your Castle

Defend Your Castle is a series of video games made by XGen Studios. In the games, players have to kill enemies heading towards the player's castle before it is destroyed. There are different ways that the player can do so, such as by picking up enemies or by attacking them with weapons. Weapons can be bought with points that the player gets in levels. Players can also use points to repair their castle or put walls around it.

The game was originally a Macromedia Flash-based browser game. Versions of the game were later released for the WiiWare service on Nintendo's Wii console and for iOS.


Central Development Region, Nepal

Central Development Region ( - Madyamānchal Bikās Kshetra) was one of Nepal's five development regions. It was in the east-central part of the country. Its headquarters were at Hetauda.

The Central Development Region had the Eastern Development Region to the east, the India to the south, the Western Development Region to the west and the People's Republic of China to the north.

The region was the fourth largest Development Region of Nepal. Its area was . It was first in population. There were 9,656,985 people living there in 2011. Its population density was the highest of all regions with 352.3 persons/km.

Part of this region was in the Kathmandu Valley with an area of . It was long from east to west, and long from north to south.

The most important river in the Central Development Region was the Bagmati, tributary of the Kosi river. It flows through the Kathmandu Valley. It is part of the Ganges watershed. The Bagmati is considered a holy river by Hindus and Buddhists.

Other rivers of this region were Kamala, Lakhandei and Bisnumati. These three small rivers are tributaries of the Bagmati.

The major cities of this region were Kathmandu, Patan, Bharatpur, Bhaktapur, Bhairawa, Lalitpur, Nagarkot and Janakpur. Other notable places were Khokana, Hetauda, Harisiddhi, Godavari, etc.

The region had 3 zones with a total of 19 districts:



The Narrative (band)

The Narrative is an American indie rock band formed in 2006 in Long Island, New York . At first there were 3 members, Suzie Zeldin, Jesse Gabriel and Charilie Seich. Now there are 2 members, Suzie Zeldin (vocals and keys) and Jesse Gabriel (vocal and guitar). They are related to Lydia and Dashboard Confessional. They have released one studio album: "The Narrative" and 4 EPs: "Just Say Yes", "Nothing Without You", "Kickstarter" and "B-Sides and Seasides".

The band was formed in 2006 in Long Island, after Suzie Zeldin answer the announce of Jesse Gabriel on Craigslist, looking for musicians. Jesse and Suzie studied at the same school in Bellmore, but never met.




Robert Stewart, Viscount Castlereagh

Castlereagh (born in Dublin; 1769–1822) was a British politician. He became a Viscount when his father was made Earl of Londonderry. He became British Foreign Secretary but killed himself.


Bambi Meets Godzilla

Bambi Meets Godzilla is a two-minute short cartoon which is known as Godzilla Meets Bambi who is created by Marv Newland in 1969. It features the characters Bambi and Godzilla. It is ranked as #38 in the book "The 50 Greatest Cartoons", written in 1994.

Two sequels were later made that were not created by Newland: "Son of Bambi Meets Godzilla" and "Bambi's Revenge".

In the opening credits, Bambi is seen grazing while "Call to the Dairy Cows" from Gioachino Rossini's opera "William Tell" (1829) plays in the background. After the credits, Bambi looks up to see Godzilla's foot coming down on him, crushing him (set to "A Day in the Life" by The Beatles). After this, the closing credits play over an image of Godzilla's foot.

Social drinking

Social drinking is the name for the consumption of alcoholic drinks in a social setting; people who are social drinkers do this with friends. Many cultures frown upon isolating people because they drink alcohol, and because they may have a problem with alcohol dependence. People meet to celebrate an occasion, which also permits them to drink alcohol without being frowned upon.

Western Development Region, Nepal

Western Development Region ( - Pashchimānchal Bikās Kshetra) was one of Nepal's five development regions. It was in the west-central part of the country. Its headquarters were at Pokhara.

The Western Development Region had the Central Development Region to the east, the India to the south, the Mid-Western Development Region to the west and the People's Republic of China to the north.

The region was the second largest Development Region of Nepal. Its area was . It was the third in population with 4,926,765 people living there in 2011. Its population density is of 167.6 persons/km.

Some of the highest mountains of the world were found in this region, in the Himalayas of the Dhawalagiri and Gandaki zones. Among them are Dhaulagiri (), Manaslu () and Annapurna ().

The most important river in the Western Development Region is the Gandaki, left tributary of the Ganges river.

Some cities of this region were Pokhara, Baglung, Butwall, Sandhikharka, Tansen, Tilaurakot, etc.

The region had 3 zones with a total of 16 districts:



Star Fox 2

Star Fox 2 is a video game that was developed by Nintendo and Argonaut Software. It was completed in 1995 but was not released until 2017 on the Super NES Classic Edition.

The game was originally going to be released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES). It was going to be the second game in the "Star Fox" series and the sequel to "Star Fox". It was going to be released in the summer of 1995. The game was cancelled because the Nintendo 64 was going to be released the following year.

After it was cancelled, unfinished versions of the game was found and put on the internet. In 2017, the game was finally released for the Super NES Classic Edition. 

The gameplay of "Star Fox" is very different from the first "Star Fox" game. Instead of going on a path with the same missions each time, the player moves freely on a map screen of the Lylat system. When the player's ships hit an enemy, the screen switches to an action screen with gameplay like the first "Star Fox" game. Once the player completes what they have to do, they are taken back to the map screen to go to another area.

The player's goal is to destroy all of the enemies on the map while defending Corneria (seen in the lower left corner of the map). The player has to stop Corneria's damage level from reaching 100% from enemy attacks. 

Jimmy Waite

James Dean Waite (born April 15, 1969 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.

He was drafted with the 8th overall pick in the 1987 NHL draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. In 1989, he played for the Indianapolis Ice and they won the Turner Cup. He played in the NHL for 11 years with the Chicago Blackhawks, San Jose Sharks and Phoenix Coyotes. He has also played in the DEL for the Essen Mosquitoes, Iserlohn Roosters, ERC Ingolstadt and Thomas Sabo Ice Tigers.

Mike Veisor

Michael David "Worm" Veisor, Sr. (born August 25, 1952 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.

He was drafted with the 45th overall pick in the 1972 NHL draft by the Chicago Black Hawks. He played 62 games during his 6 six years with the Black Hawks and then played for the Hartford Whalers. He played 3 seasons with the Whalers and went on to play for the Winnipeg Jets. His time with the Jets was shorts and he only played 8 games with them. He then returned to the Whalers and played 4 games for them before retiring in 1984.

Veisor is Jewish. He said that he wanted to be the first Jewish goalie in NHL history but he was preceded by Ross Brooks.

His son, Michael David Veisor, Jr., was drafted in the 12th round of the 1991 NHL Entry Draft by the St. Louis Blues but he never played in the NHL.

He is currently the rink manager of Avon Old Farms School in Avon, Connecticut.

Star Fox Command

Star Fox Command is a video game for the Nintendo DS game console. It is the fifth game in the "Star Fox" series. It was developed by Q-Games and published by Nintendo EAD Group No. 2. It was released in Europe on July 19, 2006, in Japan on August 3, 2006, in North America on August 28, 2006, and in Australia on September 21, 2006. It is the first "Star Fox" game to be released on a handheld video game console. It is also the first "Star Fox" game to have online play with the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.

The game features two types of gameplay: a map mode, and a battle mode. In the map mode, the player takes control of several ships. The player can control up to four ships at a time. The player's goal is to stop enemy ships from reaching the "Great Fox". When the player meets an enemy or missile, the gameplay switches to the battle mode.

Battle mode has gameplay that is similar to past "Star Fox" games. The player can move freely around the level, like some bosses and levels in "Star Fox 64". The player has to destroy a base ship, defeat all of the enemies, or collect a number of cores. Once the player completes what they have to do, the game goes back to the map screen. As the player plays further in the game, they will be able to take different routes when they complete some levels. Each route has different planets that the player can visit depending on what route they choose.

Multiplayer can be played with up to six players in DS Download Play, and with up to three players in Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection play. The goal is to destroy the ships of the other players and collect stars that they leave behind. Players can collect stars from opponents that were not killed by the player. Nintendo Wi-Fi play ranks a player from Z to A, with Z being the lowest and A being the highest. Every time a player wins a match, they get an amount of percent. When the player reaches 100%, they move to the next letter.

Matt Underhill

Matthew Joseph Underhill (born September 16, 1979 in Campbell River, British Columbia) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.

Before playing hockey professionally, Underhill played in college for Cornell University for 4 years. He was drafted with the 170th overall pick in the 1999 NHL draft by the Calgary Flames. Even though he was drafted by the Flames, he did not play a game for them. The only game the Underhill played in the NHL was during the 2003–04 NHL season for the Chicago Blackhawks.

He spent most of his playing career in the AHL and ECHL. He won the ECAC’s Ken Dryden Award in 2002. He played 18 games in the AHL for the Providence Bruins, Manchester Monarchs, Norfolk Admirals and St. John's Maple Leafs. In the ECHL, he played 4 seasons with the Pee Dee Pride, Florence Pride, Mississippi Sea Wolves and Alaska Aces. He retired in 2006 after his season with the Aces.

He was inducted into the Cornell Athletic Hall of Fame on November 3rd, 2012.


Jocelyn Thibault

Joseph Régis Jocelyn Thibault (born January 12, 1975) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender.

Before playing in the NHL, Thibault played 2 seasons with both the Trois-Rivières Draveurs and Sherbrooke Faucons of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.

He was drafted with the 10th overall pick in the 1993 NHL draft by the Quebec Nordiques. He played two seasons with the Nordiques and then one season with the Colorado Avalanche when the Nordiques moved to Colorado. In 1995, he was traded to the Montreal Canadiens with Martin Ručínský, and Andrei Kovalenko in exchange for Patrick Roy and Mike Keane. The trade was known as known in French as 'Le Trade' which was in reference to 1988's 'The Trade' of Wayne Gretzky. He played 4 seasons with the Canadiens and was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks on November 16, 1998. He played with the Blackhawks for 5 seasons and then was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins for a fourth-round selection in 2006 draft on August 10, 2005. He injured his hip and lost twelve of thirteen starts. He was replaced as the starter by Marc-André Fleury in late November and was then put on waivers. The Buffalo Sabres signed Thibault as an unrestricted free agent on July 5, 2007 and he played as the backup to Ryan Miller for one season. He was not re-signed afted the season and retired from professional hockey in 2008.

He was the winning goaltender of the last game at the Montreal Forum, Maple Leaf Gardens and the Capital Centre.

He is married and has three daughters Noemie, Zoe and Annabel who all play hockey. Thibault and his family live in Sherbrooke, Quebec.

He helped bring an expansion team in the QMJHL to Sherbrooke. The Sherbrooke Phoenix started playing during the 2012–13 season.

Rob Tallas

Robert Wayne "Robbie" Tallas (born March 20, 1973 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.

Before he played in the NHL, he played 2 seasons in the WHL with the Seattle Thunderbirds. He played a total of 99 games in the NHL with the Boston Bruins and Chicago Blackhawks. He retired from professional hockey in 2005.

In August 2009, he was hired as the goaltending consultant for the Florida Panthers. He came out of retirement for one game during the 2012-2013 NHL season as a back up goalie for the Florida Panthers.

Doug Stevenson

Douglas Leonard Stevenson (April 6, 1924 – November 9, 1975) was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender.

Stevenson played eight games in the NHL; 4 games with the New York Rangers and 4 games with the Chicago Blackhawks. Stevenson played most of his hockey career in the Pacific Coast Hockey League with the Tacoma Rockets. He died on November 9, 1975 in Massachusetts.

Christian Soucy

Christian Soucy (born September 14, 1970 in Gatineau, Quebec) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.

Before he played in the NHL, he played 2 years at the University of Vermont where he is ranked as the third all-time in save percentage (.908) and fifth all-time in goals against average (2.99). He only appeared in three minutes of one NHL game with the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1993–94 NHL season. During that time, he did not face a shot and in doing this he was rendered as the NHL's comparable version to Major League Baseball's legendary Moonlight Graham. He played most of his 10-year career in various minor leagues, which includes the International Hockey League, American Hockey League, East Coast Hockey League, and Central Hockey League as well as others.

Prayer in Christianity

Prayer in Christianity is seen by most Christians as a way of communicating with God. Prayer is seen as being therapeutic by many Christian leaders. 
The Lord's Prayer, which Jesus taught his disciples, was important as an example in the early churches. The prayers in the Old Testament and New Testament have also influenced Christian thought. The Lord's Prayer is included toghether with other formal prayers, such as the Gloria Patri and the Hail Mary, in the Holy Rosary while thinking about important events in the lives of Jesus and Mary. The Church has always recognized the efficacy of the Holy Rosary devotion. The Saint Lucia of Fatima said that Virgin Mary "in these last times in which we live has given new efficacy in the recitation of the Holy Rosary" and that " She has given this efficacy to such an extent that there is no problem, no matter how difficult it is, whether temporal or above all spiritual, in the personal life of each one of us, of our families … that cannot be solved by the Rosary". 


Mid-Western Development Region, Nepal

Mid-Western Development Region ( - Madhya Pashchimānchal Bikās Kshetra) was one of Nepal's five development regions. It was in the west-central part of the country. Its headquarters were at Birendranagar, Surkhet.

The Mid-Western Development Region had the Western Development Region to the east, Uttar Pradesh (India) to the south, the Far-Western Development Region to the west and the Tibet Autonomous Region (People's Republic of China) to the north.

It was the largest Development Region of Nepal with an area of . It was the fourth in population with 3,546,682 people living there in 2011. Its population density was the lowest of all the regions, with 83.7 persons/km.

The most important river in the Mid-Western Development Region was the Karnali or "Kauriala", known as Ghaghara in India. It is an important left tributary of the Ganges river. Its length in Nepal is , the largest river of the country.

Some of the tributaries of the Karnali are the Humla Karnali , west Rapti, Tila karnali, Bheri

The biggest lake of Nepal, Lake Rara, was in this region, in the Mugu district of the Karnali Zone.

Some cities of this region were Birendranagar, Chinchu, Babiyachour, Tribhuvannagar (Ghorahi), Nepalgunj, and Tulsipur.

The region had 3 Zones with a total of 15 Districts:



Bill Young

Charles William "Bill" Young (December 16, 1930 – October 18, 2013) was the U.S. Representative for , serving in Congress since 1971.

Young was born in Harmarville, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh, on December 16, 1930. Young dropped out of St. Petersburg High School to support his ill mother and was wounded in a hunting accident.

He was a member of the Republican Party, and was at the time of his death the longest-serving Republican member of Congress. He served as chairman of the House Committee on Appropriations from 1999 to 2005 and sat on the Committee until his death.

Young served as a member of the Florida Constitution Revision Commission from 1965 to 1967. He was also a Florida delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1968, 1972, 1976, and 1984.

In 1985, Young divorced his first wife, with whom he had three children, and married his current wife, Beverly. They have had two children together, Billy, and Patrick, and the couple raised Beverly's son, Robbie, from her first marriage.

On October 17, 2013, Young's family told the "Tampa Bay Times" that Young was continuing medical treatment at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center but his "condition turned for the worse overnight and he is gravely ill. Earlier that day, several news sources erroneously reported that Young had died.

On October 18, 2013, Young died at Walter Reed in Bethesda, Maryland from multiple myeloma. He had been hospitalized for almost two weeks with back problems that resulted from injuries he sustained in a small plane crash in 1970. He was 82 and is survived by his wife and five children.


Tom Foley

Thomas Stephen "Tom" Foley (March 6, 1929 – October 18, 2013) was an American lawyer and politician from the state of Washington. He served as Speaker of the United States House of Representatives under George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton.

Foley was born in Spokane, Washington. In 1946, he graduated from the Jesuit-run Gonzaga Preparatory School in Spokane.

He was the 57th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, serving from 1989 to 1995. He represented for 30 years as a Democratic member from 1965 to 1995.

Foley was the first Speaker of the House since 1862 to be defeated in a re-election campaign for Congress. He served as the United States Ambassador to Japan from 1997 to 2001 under Bill Clinton.

He is sometimes viewed as a political casualty of the term limits controversy of the early 1990s. President Bill Clinton attributed his defeat to his support for the Assault Weapons Ban of 1994.

Foley was married to Heather Strachan until his death in 2013.

In 1997, Foley was appointed as the 25th U.S. Ambassador to Japan by President Bill Clinton. He served as ambassador until 2001.

Foley was a Washington delegate to the 2000 Democratic National Convention.

On July 9, 2003, Washington Governor Gary Locke awarded the Washington Medal of Merit, the state's highest honor, to Foley.

He was North American Chairman of the Trilateral Commission.

Foley died at his home in Washington, D.C. on October 18, 2013, following months of hospice care from complications from a stroke, aged 84. Speaker John Boehner, and Nancy Pelosi, who also served as Speaker, issued statements honoring Foley.

Bruce McGill

Bruce Travis McGill (born July 11, 1950) is an American actor who has an extensive list of credits in film and television. He is perhaps best known for his role as Jack Dalton on the television series "MacGyver" and as Daniel Simpson "D-Day" Day in "National Lampoon's Animal House".

McGill was born on July 11, 1950 in San Antonio, Texas. He studied at the University of Texas at Austin. McGill has been married to Gloria Lee.

Arianna Huffington

Arianna Stassinopoulos Huffington (born Ariadnē-Anna Stasinopoúlou, ; on July 15, 1950) is a Greek-American author and syndicated columnist. She is best known for her news website "The Huffington Post". She was a one-time liberal democrat. She later became a popular conservative commentator in the mid-1990s, after which she adopted liberal political beliefs in the late 1990s. She is the former spouse of former Republican congressman Michael Huffington.

In 2003, she ran as an independent candidate for Governor in the California recall election.

Huffington was born Ariánna Stasinopoúlou in Athens, Greece on July 15, 1950. She studied economics at Girton College, Cambridge. Huffington was married to Michael Huffington from 1986 until they divorced in 1997. She became an American citizen in 1990.


Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument

The Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument is a World Heritage site. It is often called Northwestern Hawaiian Islands Marine National Monument. The site covers of ocean waters that includes ten islands and atolls. The size is larger than the country of Greece.

The area was made a national monument by U.S. President George W. Bush on June 15, 2006. It became a World Heritage site on July 30, 2010. 

Papahānaumokuākea supports 7,000 species. One quarter of the species are endemic.


Catherine Palace

The Catherine Palace is a former Russian residence of the 
Russian Imperial family. It is in the town of Pushkin, Saint Petersburg. 

The Palace's town was called Tsarskoye Selo which means Tsar's village in English. In 1918 the Bolsheviks changed the name to Detskoye Selo. In 1937 the town was renamed to Pushkin to honor Alexander Pushkin. 

Catherine I of Russia began the building of the palace in 1717. She hired the German architect Johann-Friedrich Braunstein to create the summer palace. In 1733, Empress Anna added to the palace. Then in 1752 Empress Elizabeth had the palace torn down. It was rebuilt in a Rococo style. More than 100 kilograms of gold were used. Many statues on the roof were covered in gold. 

Catherine the Great thought the palace was old-fashioned. She employed Scottish architect Charles Cameron. He made one wing into the Neo-Palladian style. He also changed the personal apartments of the Empress.

After Catherine's death the imperial family began using Pavlovsk Palace and Alexander Palace. The palace was destroyed during World War II. Restoration began soon after the German forces left. Now the palace is mostly restored and is open for tours.

Ed Lauter

Edward Matthew "Ed" Lauter II (October 30, 1938 – October 16, 2013), known as Ed Lauter, was an American actor and stand-up comedian. He was known for his roles in "Family Plot", "Cujo", "Death Wish III", "Born on the Fourth of July", "", "The Number 23", and in "Trouble with the Curve".

Lauter was born on October 30, 1938 in Long Beach, New York. He studied at Long Island University. Lauter was married four times. His last marriage was to Marchell Doreen Williams from 2005 until his death in 2013. He had four children. Lauter died on October 16, 2013 in Los Angeles, California from mesothelioma, aged 74.

Hans Riegel

Johannes Peter "Hans" Riegel (10 March 1923 – 15 October 2013) was a German entrepreneur who owned and operated the confectioner Haribo since 1946.

Riegel was born on 10 March 1923 in Bonn, Germany. He was the oldest son of the company's founder Hans Riegel Sr., who invented the gummy bear in 1922. He studied at the University of Bonn.

Riegel owned the Jakobsburg Hotel and Golf resort near Boppard in the Rhine Valley in Germany. Riegel died on 15 October 2013 from heart failure after a surgical procedure was made to remove a brain tumor in Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. He was 90 years old.


Sea

A sea is a large body of salt water. It may be an ocean, or may be a large saltwater lake which like the Caspian Sea, lacks a natural outlet.

Seawater is salty. The open ocean has about solids per litre, a salinity of 35ppt. The Mediterranean Sea is a little higher at 37ppt and the Dead Sea has as much as dissolved solids per litre (300ppt). Although sodium chloride is the main salt present, making up about 85% of the solids in solution, there are also per litre of the chlorides of other metals such as potassium and magnesium and of sulphates, carbonates, bromides and other salts. A kilogram (2.2 lb) of salt can therefore be found in 28 litres or one cubic foot of typical ocean water. Despite differences in the levels of salinity in different seas, the relative composition of the dissolved salts is very stable throughout the world's oceans.

The temperature of the sea depends on the amount of sunlight falling on the surface. In the tropics, with the sun nearly overhead, the temperature of the surface layers can rise to over while near the poles the temperature in balance with the sea ice is about . Cold water is denser than warm water and tends to sink. Cold water is denser than warm water and tends to sink. There is a continuous circulation of water in the oceans. Warm surface currents cool as they move away from the tropics, the water becomes denser and sinks. The cold water moves back towards the equator as a deep sea current, driven by changes in the temperature and density of the water, eventually welling up again towards the surface. Deep sea water has a temperature between and in all parts of the globe.

The amount of oxygen found in seawater depends mostly on the plants growing in it. These are mainly algae, including phytoplankton, but also include some vascular plants such as seagrasses. In daylight the photosynthetic activity of these plants produces oxygen which dissolves in the seawater where it is used by marine animals. At night, photosynthesis stops, and the amount of dissolved oxygen declines. In the deep sea where not enough light penetrates for plants to grow, there is very little dissolved oxygen.

Seawater is a little alkaline and during historic times has had a pH of about 8.2. The pH is expected to reach 7.7 by the year 2100, an increase of 320% in acidity in a century. One important element for the formation of skeletal material in marine animals is calcium but it is easily precipitated out in the form of calcium carbonate as the sea becomes more acid. This is likely to have profound effects on certain planktonic marine organisms because their ability to form shells will be reduced. These include single-celled algae called coccolithophorids and foraminifera. These are important parts of the food chain. Reducing their numbers will have significant results. In tropical areas, corals will be affected by a lack of calcium, with knock-on effects for other reef residents.

Wind blowing over the surface of a body of water forms waves. The friction between air and water caused by a gentle breeze on a pond causes ripples to form. A strong blow over the ocean causes larger waves as the moving air pushes against the raised ridges of water. The waves reach their greatest height when the rate at which they travel nearly matches the speed of the wind. The waves form at right angles to the direction from which the wind blows. In open water, if the wind continues to blow, as happens in the Roaring Forties in the southern hemisphere, long, organized masses of water called swell roll across the ocean.


Würstelstand

The Würstelstand ("sausage stand") is the Austrian type of the take-away. These stands are very common in Vienna. Usually, they sell different kinds of sausages. It is not unusual for the people in Vienna to grab a pair of sausages after a performance at a theatre or opera house. In addition, a Würstelstand traditionally also sells Leberkäse. As a side dish, different chile peppers, gherkins and other pickled vegetables are available.

Jan Steen

Jan Havickszoon Steen (born c. 1626 in Leiden, buried 3 February 1679, also in Leiden) was a Dutch painter. He is mostly known for his genre paintings today. He lived during the Dutch Golden Age period. 

Respiratory failure

Respiratory failure is a medical condition which affects respiration. It means the alveoli in the lung are not getting enough oxygen. Because of this, gas exchange in the blood is reduced. Respiratory failure will lead to a person's death. For this reason, it is a medical emergency. Emergency treatment of respiratory failure is very similar to that of cardiopulmonary resuscitation.

Respiratory failure has been classified by its cause:
Also, respiratory failure can be classified by the speed at which it happens:

Battle of Vimy Ridge

The Battle of Vimy Ridge was a World War I battle fought in 1917 near Arras in northern France. From the fall of 1914 until 1917 the German army held this eight kilometre-long ridge. From there they could see the Allied for miles in all directions. Several times the Allies tried to take it from the Germans without success. On 9 April, 1917 they attacked again. Four divisions of the Canadian Corps attacked nineteen divisions of the German 6th Army defending the ridge. The Battle was won by the Canadians on Easter Monday, 1917. It was the first time that Canadians had attacked as a national unit. However it cost the Canadians 10,602 casualties.

Far-Western Development Region, Nepal

Far-Western Development Region ( - Sudur Pashchimānchal Bikās Kshetra) was one of Nepal's five development regions. It was at the western end of the country. Its headquarters were at Dipayal Silgadhi.

The Far-Western Development Region had the Mid-Western Development Region to the east, Uttar Pradesh (India) to the south, Uttarakhand (India) to the west and the Tibet Autonomous Region (People's Republic of China) to the north.

It was the smallest Development Region of Nepal with an area of . It had the lowest population, with 2,552,517 people in 2011. Its population density was the second lowest of all the regions, with 130.6 persons/km.

The highest mountain in the region was the Api Peak, with high; it is in the Darchula district. Other high mountain is Saipal, high, in the Bajhang district.

The most important rivers in the Far-Western Development Region were the Seti and the Mahakali ("Sharda" in India) rivers; both rivers are tributaries of the Karnali river.

The main city in the region was Mahendranagar, the eighth largest city of the country, at about from the border of India.

Other cities of this region were Dipayal Silgadhi, Dhangadhi, Baitadi (Khalanga, Baitadi), etc.

The region had 2 zones with a total of 9 districts:



Oarfish

An oarfish is a kind of very long, flat fish. "Oarfish" is another word for fish in the Regalecidae family. There are four species of oarfish in the world. The giant oarfish ("Regalecus glesne") is the longest bony fish alive in the world today. It can grow up to long.

Oarfish live in the pelagic zone. This means that they live in water that is not near the shore and not near the bottom of the ocean. They live in all temperate and tropical oceans. Oarfish are also very rare. They are usually only seen when a dead one washes onto the shore. When oarfish are sick or dying, they swim up near the surface of the water. This behavior means that oarfish are probably the "sea serpents" in legends.

There are two ideas about why these fish are called "oarfish." One idea is that their bodies look like oars because they are very long and flat. The other idea is that some people used to think that oarfish swam by moving their fins like the oars of a row boat. We now know that this "rowing" idea wrong. The family name "Regalecidae" comes from a word in , which means "royal".

Naked Cowboy

Robert John Burck (born December 23, 1970), better known as the Naked Cowboy, is an American street performer who performs in Times Square in New York City. He wears only cowboy boots, a hat, and underwear, playing a guitar over his underwear to look like he is nude. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Burck began performing in 1997 in Venice Beach, Los Angeles. He became popular when a friend suggested that he dress only in his underwear to earn more money. He is currently best-known for performing in Times Square. Tour guides on passing buses point him out, and he gets a lot of attention from tourists who stop and take pictures with him.

Because of his popularity, Burck has appeared on television shows, in music videos, and other mass media. He tried out for "American Idol" in its first season, but did not move on to the next round. He also tried out for "Australian Idol" and "Star Search", with the same result.

On October 6, 2010, Burck announced that he was running for President of the United States in the 2012 U.S. presidential election, representing the Tea Party movement.


Fable (video game)

Fable is a role-playing game made by Big Blue Box and Lionhead Studios for the Xbox, Windows and Mac OS X. The game was released on September 14, 2004 in North America and an extended version of the game called "Fable: The Lost Chapters", was released for Xbox and Microsoft Windows in September 2005.

Fable was originally called Project Ego in early development and took around four years to create, with a team of around 70 developers working on it. The theme music for Fable was composed by Danny Elfman. The game won over fifty awards and was the Xbox's fastest-selling game at that time.

In the game, the player controls the main character, The Hero of Oakvale. The player can interact with people and can battle foes. To further the game's plot, the player must complete missions known as quests and can also complete side quests.

The player can choose to either be good or evil. Completing good deeds will award the character good points and will produce a positive alignment and committing evil acts will add evil points and produce a negative alignment. The character's appearance will also change if the player makes the character's alignment strong enough. If the character has a strong enough positive alignment, a halo will appear above the character's head and if the character has a strong enough negative alignment, a red haze will rise from around his legs, he will draw flies, and will have glowing red eyes and horns.


Adagio for Strings

Adagio for Strings is a work by Samuel Barber. It is his most well known work. It was made for string orchestra from the second movement of his String Quartet, Op. 11. Barber finished the "Adagio for Strings" in 1936. It was the same year that he wrote the quartet. It was conducted by Leonard Bernstein.

It was performed for the first time in 1938, in a radio broadcast from a New York City studio. It was attended by an invited audience, conducted by Arturo Toscanini. Toscanini also took the piece on tour to Europe and South America. 

Its reviews was generally positive, with Alexander J. Morin writing that "Adagio for Strings" is "full of pathos and cathartic passion" and that it "rarely leaves a dry eye." The music is the setting for Barber's 1967 choral arrangement of "Agnus Dei". "Adagio for Strings" can be heard in many TV shows and movies.

In 2004, listeners of the BBC's "Today" programme voted Adagio for Strings the “saddest classical” work ever.


Paleography

Paleography is the study of ancient handwriting. Using paleography, it is possible to understand communication between people.

Zombie walk

A zombie walk is a trek made by people costumed as zombies. These people may also act as starving zombies. They pretend to be looking for human brains to eat. Some people create characters for themselves such as zombie brides, clowns, or mad scientists.

These walks are community events. They are sometimes held near Halloween. There are day walks and night walks. People of all ages join the walk. Sometimes professional make up artists help walkers prepare their faces. Variants on the walk format include zombie pub crawls and zombie runs. 

A walk might be held to raise money for a community concern such as local hunger. Sometimes walkers bring packaged and canned foods for the local food bank. Zombie Walks are held around the world. They may attract thousands of zombie walkers. 

In October 2013, the annual New Jersey Zombie Walk had the largest crowd of zombies ever at 9,592. This crowd walked along the Asbury Park boardwalk. This Zombie Walk is in the Guiness World Record.

Integron

An integron is a type of transposon, a mobile genetic element. It is a two-part genetic system found in bacteria, and maybe more widely. It is the way antibiotic resistance is passed on so rapidly. It is found in plasmids and chromosomes. Although the first function discovered was antibiotic resistance, other bacterial functions (traits) can be transferred by integrons.

Transposons are the gene "capture and expression elements" which put the small mobile elements known as gene cassettes in place and make them work. Usually,
each cassette has only a single gene and a specific
recombination site. The cassettes carry the DNA coding (= 'a gene') for antibiotic resistance (for example). Typically, the DNA would code for an enzyme which cleaves (cuts) the antibiotic molecule up.

The first part of an integron is a gene which codes for an enzyme which captures cassettes. The second is a site on the genome where the cassettes are inserted, and a promoter which drives expression of cassette-associated genes. "Integron" describes such structures both when no cassettes are present and when there are integrated cassettes. Cassettes can be inserted at the site, they can be cut out, and they can undergo horizontal gene transfer.


Philip Short

Philip Short (born on 17 April 1945) is an English journalist. He studied at Queens' College, Cambridge. After his graduation, he spent from 1967 to 1973 as a freelance journalist, first in Malawi, then in Uganda. He then joined the BBC (British Broadcasting Corporation) as a foreign correspondent. He is an author of many books, such as biographies of Mao Zedong, "Mao: A Life", and of Pol Pot, "Pol Pot: Anatomy of a Nightmare". He now lives in France. "Putin" is published by Bodley Head in June 2022.

Pointless (game show)

Pointless is a British quiz show on BBC One. Who gets the answer that was the said the least gains the point. The team with the highest number of points loses. It is presented by Alexander Armstrong and Sally Lindsay. It now has 10 series and many episodes. In each game there are four teams of two.

William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke

William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke ( 1146 — 14 May 1219), sometimes called William, the Marshal or simply the Marshal amd also William Marshal I and nicknamed the Great or the Fearless was an English knight and a nobleman who served four kings of England during his time as a knight: Henry II, Richard I, John, and Henry III. He was the Regent of England during the childhood of King Henry III from the king's ascending to the throne in 1216 until William's death in 1219. 

During his time, he was one of the most important persons in the monarchy next to the Royal family itself. He was noted for his superior combat skills, his continuing loyalty to his Kings and his great ability in diplomacy. Marshal began his life as a “landless” knight to become the Earl of Pembroke and one of the wealthiest men in the country.

Shortly after his death in 1219 at the age of 73, his oldest son, William Marshal, 2nd Earl of Pembroke, commissioned a biography of the life of his father. Though biographers often embellish their subjects, many of the events of William's life stated there are clearly recorded elsewhere in historical records. Five of his sons succeded William as the Earl of Pembroke: William, Richard, Gilbert, Walter, and Anselm.

William had a great reputation. He was considered to be one of the greatest and most loyal knights in history. William was very active fighting in battles even in his old age. He successfully defeated the French at the Battle of Lincoln in 1217. William led his army to victory and thus, resulted in winning the First Barons' War for King Henry III and resisting the French invasion.

William Marshal’s father, was John Marshal, called John the Marshal. He was the Lord of Newbury Castle located in County Berkshire in England. When William was a young boy, there was a fierce civil war in England between King Stephen, grandson of William I, also called William the Conqueror and Henry I's daughter, Empress Matilda. When William I died, both Stephen and Matilda believed they were the true successor to the Crown. This period in history was known as the time of The Anarchy because there was much lawlessness and violence in the Kingdom. Many barons and Earls would "change sides" when it benefited them to do so and John Marshal was no exception. At first he pledged his fealty or loyalty to King Stephen but later changed it to Empress Matilda. This act helped to turn the tide in the civil war. 

At an early age, William was sent to William de Tancarville to learn the skills of knighthood. He was knighted in 1166. He then crossed the channel to Normandy and went to serve under his uncle, Patrick, the Earl of Salisbury. He fought in Ponthieu in 1168 when greatly outnumbered, his uncle was killed and William was taken prisoner. Marshal's great skill and bravery was noticed and he was ransomed by Queen Eleanor of England. 

As a young adult, Marshal went to many tournaments. These were contests and mock (imitation) wars where Knights competed for great prizes. Tournaments were an opportunity for a knight to acquire valuable possessions such as money, a horse, armor and weapons. They were dangerous and it was not unusual for a knight to be killed during a tournament.

William had become a very skilled knight and after his ramsom he became part of Henry II’s household, teaching men to fight. He became tutor, guardian, protector and friend to the son of Henry II, known historically as Henry the Young King. When young Henry was crowned, Marshal was assigned to serve him as captain of the guard and chief of the knights. It was Marshal who would knight the young King Henry. Marshal also accompanied young Henry on many tournaments. In 1173 young Henry argued with his father. He wanted to assume the throne of England even though his father was still alive. He left England and took his brother Richard with him to his mother's lands in Aquitaine. In 1174, Henry II and his son made peace. William continued on to win fame in tournaments. The young king became ill and died of a sudden disease at Martel on 11 June 1183.

On his deathbed young Henry ordered Marshal to go on Crusade on his behalf. With Henry II's permission, William went on Crusade for two years and his superior fighting skill was recognized by the Knights Templar. When he returned, Henry II at once took him into high favor, and made him a member of his household. Marshal then fought for Henry II against the French King Louis VII of France and in skirmishs against Henry's other sons now in rebellion.

Richard (called Lionhearted) was Henry II’s second son and he also wanted to be King of England and did not want to wait until his father died. After a skirmish, Marshal came upon Richard and instead of killing him, killed his horse. Shortly thereafter, Henry II became ill and retreated to Chinon where he died in 1189.

Richard did not forget Marshal’s act of bravery and loyalty and when he became King, he took Marshal to fight against the King of France. After a time, Richard decided to go on Crusade and left Marshal in England as the Justiciar of England who acted for the king in his absence and presided over the king's courts during his absence.

Richard I reaffirmed his father's promise to William and gave him the heiress of the Earldom of Pembroke, Striguil and the lands that came with her as was promised to him by Henry II shortly before Henry's death. Marshal at once became one of the richest men in the Kingdom. He acquired property in four countries.

Marshal fought valiantly for Richard against the King of France and was there when the peace treaty was made. In 1199 King Richard was wounded and died of his wounds. At that point there was another dispute about who would next be King of England, Arthur or John.

Geoffrey II, Duke of Brittany, was another son of Henry II and would have been the next in line to be King but he died on either the 19 or 21 August 1186, at the age of 27. The more common version is that he was trampled to death in a jousting tournament. Geoffrey had a son Arthur I, who became the next Duke of Brittany. Arthur felt that he was also heir to the throne of England. Marshal believed that as a brother to King Richard, and in accordance with Norman custom, John, Geoffrey’s brother, should become the next King. It was resolved in John’s favor and he became the next King of England.

William fought alongside King John and after a time, John made William the Marshal of England.
King John was a man who was disliked by many of his barons and Earls. He knew this and distrusted them. When Marshal went over to protect his lands in Ireland the King made him give one of his sons as hostage to make sure that Marshal was not disloyal to him. King John sometimes took lands away from Marshal and at other times gave them back. There was strife all during the reign of King John but Marshal remained loyal to the King throughout.

King John died on 18 October, 1216. At that time his son, Henry III was too young to rule the kingdom. Marshal was appointed as Regent to Henry III to make decisions on Henry’s behalf until he came of age.

Marshal was quite old by then but managed the affairs of Henry III as Regent and even fought in combat at the Battle of Lincoln. He was approximately 70 years of age. On 14 May 1219 Marshal died at Caversham.

When he knew he was dying he took on the robe of a Knights Templar and after his death he was buried in the Temple Church in London. William Marshal’s effigy can still be seen at the Temple Church, London, with his son next to him.

Samuel Barber

Samuel Osmond Barber II (March 9, 1910 – January 23, 1981) was an American composer of orchestral, opera, choral, and piano music. Barber is well-known because of his 1936 work "Adagio for Strings". It received positive reviews. Barber won two Pulitzer Prizes for his works.

Barber was born on March 9, 1910 in West Chester, Pennsylvania. He studied at the Curtis Institute for Music. Barber was gay. He lived with Gian Carlo Menotti for 30 years.

Barber died on January 23, 1981 in New York City, New York from cancer. He was 70. He is buried in West Chester, Pennsylvania.


Lake Rara

Rara Lake () is the biggest natural lake of Nepal. It is in Rara Village Development Committee, Mugu District, Karnali Zone in the Mid-Western region.

The lake has a slightly oval shape and is entirely in the Rara National Park, about north-west of the capital, Kathmandu.

Lake Rara is at an altitude of above sea level covering an area of . The lake has a length of and a width of with a maximum depth of . It flows into the Karnali river via the Nijar river (Nijar Khola).

The lake was classified as oligotrophic (an environment that offers little to sustain life) in limnological terms, meaning that is very slightly polluted.

The climate of the Rara National Park, where the Lake Rara is, is a temperate climate with temperatures between in summer and in winter.

In the Lake Rara there are three endemic fish species ("Schizothorax macrophthalmus", "S. nepalensis" and "S. raraensis"), and one endemic frog ("Paa rarica").

Many waterfowl spend the winter months in Lake Rara; some of them are gadwall, mallard, northern shoveler, Eurasian teal, tufted duck, common goldeneye, goosander, Eurasian coot and solitary snipe.


Captain Phillips (movie)

Captain Phillips is a 2013 action thriller movie based on the true events of the Maersk Alabama hijacking in 2009. It stars Tom Hanks, Faysal Ahmed and Barkhad Abdi. The movie is based on the book by Captain Richard Phillips "" (2010). It was released to positive reviews on October 11, 2013. Barkhad Abdi received an Oscar nomination.

12 Years a Slave (movie)

12 Years a Slave is a 2013 British-American historical biographical drama movie based on the book "12 Years a Slave". It is directed by Steve McQueen. It stars Chiwetel Ejiofor, Michael Fassbender, Benedict Cumberbatch, Paul Giamatti, and Brad Pitt. It was composed by Hans Zimmer. It was released on November 1, 2013 in the United States. 

The film was first shown at the Telluride Film Festival on August 30, 2013. It will be released in the UK in January 2014.

On October 20 2013 McQueen won Hollywood Breakout Director Award at the Hollywood Film Awards for the film. On November 14 he won Bronze Horse for Best Film - Special Mention at the Stockholm International Film Festival.

Movie critics gave the film good reviews.

Rolling Stone, Entertainment Weekly, Washington Post, and The New York Times called "12 Years a Slave" the best movie of 2013. 


World War Z (movie)

World War Z is a 2013 action-thriller movie. It was based on the book of the same name. It stars Brad Pitt and Matthew Fox. It was about a former United Nations investigator who must travel the world to find a way to stop a zombie-like pandemic. It was released to positive reviews on June 21, 2013.

Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom

Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom is a 2013 British biographical movie based on the life of Nelson Mandela. It is based on Mandela's autobiography "Long Walk to Freedom" (1994). It stars Idris Elba and Naomie Harris. It was released on November 29, 2013 to mixed reviews. Nearly a week later, Mandela died on December 5.

U2 made a song for the soundtrack called "Ordinary Love". The song won the prize for Best Original Song – Motion Picture at the Golden Globes.


Subject

Subject ( "lying beneath") may refer to:







A subject is an individual subjected to the rule by an elite, see feudalism


Effigy

An effigy is a representation of a specific person, especially in the form of sculpture or some other three-dimensional medium. Effigies are common elements in art of the dead. They are usually made of stone or metal and placed on a tomb.

Green Party of the United States

The Green Party of the United States (GPUS) is a left-wing political party in the United States. The Green Party nominated Dr. Jill Stein as its candidate for President of the United States in 2012, and again in 2016. The party focuses on issues such as social justice and environmentalism. It is the fourth largest party, following the Libertarian Party.


Particle board

Particle board, also known as particleboard and chipboard, is a wood product made from chips of wood or sawdust. It is mixed with resin or glue (both adhesives), then, under pressure and heat, pressed into uniform sheets. Particle board is used in building construction and furniture making. It is cheaper to make than plywood but not as strong. Type 1 particle board when exposed to moisture. For that reason it is not usually recommended to be used outdoors. Type 2 particle board uses waterproof glues and can be used outdoors.



Guttermouth

Guttermouth is an American punk rock band. They formed in 1988 in Huntington Beach, California. They are signed to Hopeless Records. They have released nine full-length albums and two live albums. They are infamous for their outrageous lyrics and deliberately explicit behavior. This behavior has resulted in high-profile problems for the band, such as being banned from performing in Canada for eighteen months and leaving Warped Tour in 2004 due to conflicting political views and attitudes towards other musicians.

Dwarf

Dwarf may refer to:
Dvergr, creatures in Norse mythology



Morien

Morien is a character from Arthurian legend. He is the main character of "Morien" (or "Moriaen"), a 13th-century Arthurian romance in Middle Dutch. He is the son of one of the Knights of the Round Table, whose name was Aglovale.

Oriented strand board

Oriented strand board, commonly called OSB, is a type of particle board which is made of carefully positioned strands of wood. Aspen and other similar woods are cut into long strands parallel to the . It is manufactured into sheets made up of wood strands, wax, and resin adhesives. Sheets are formed under pressure and heat. The finished sheet size varies by country. OSB is very strong making it ideal for building construction. Its most common uses in construction are for covering walls, floors and roofs before the finish products are applied. 


OSB can also be made from trees from areas burned over by forest fires.



Emilia Plater

Emilia Plater was a Polish-Lithuanian noblewoman and revolutionary. 

Plater led soldiers in several engagements during the November Uprising in the Polish-Russian Wars of 1830-1831. She became ill toward the end of the Uprising and died.

Though she did not fight in any large battles, her story inspired many works of art and literature. She is a national heroine in Poland, Lithuania and Belarus, all formerly parts of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.

Affinity

In law, affinity is the kinship relationship that exists between two or more people as a result of somebody's marriage. It is different from consanguinity (blood relationship). Affinity is the relationship which each party to a marriage has to the relatives of the other partner to the marriage. But affinity does not cover the marital relationship of the parties to the marriage themselves. 

Under the law, such relatives by marriage are known as affines. More commonly, they are known as , as affinity is usually signified by adding to a degree of kinship.

In law, affinity may be used to prohibit incestuous sexual relations. It may also be relevant in preventing some couples from marrying. Which relationships are prohibited varys from country to country, and from time to time. In some countries, especially in the past, the prohibited relationships were based on religious laws. In earlier laws, affinity was used in the same degrees as consanguinity in prohibiting marriages.

Though laws vary considerably, affinity does not always cease with the death of one of the marriage partners through whom affinity is traced. It does not always end with the divorce of the marriage partners. In addition to kinship by marriage, "affinity" can sometimes also include kinship by adoption and step relationship.



Consanguinity

Consanguinity ("blood relation", from the Latin "") means being of the same kinship as another person. Consanguinity also means being descended from the same ancestor as another person. The laws of many jurisdictions set up degrees of consanguinity when prohibiting sexual relations and marriage. Rules of Consanguinity are also used to determine heirs of an estate. These are according to laws that govern intestate succession. These vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

Most cultures have prohibited marriages between individuals who are closely related by blood (consanguinity). There were some exceptions. Brothers and sisters, as well as fathers and daughters, often married in ancient Egypt. These were primarily limited to the royal family from the earliest times. Some theories hold that it strengthened a King's claim to the throne. In biblical history, Abraham married his (half-)sister Sarah.

Most early societies had rules or laws that limited consanguineous marriages. So the dangers of inbreeding must have been known to them. 

In ancient Rome, marriage was governed by civil laws. Under Roman civil law couples were forbidden to marry if they were within four degrees of consanguinity. The Germanic peoples also had rules against such marriages but were not as strict. 

In the 5th century, after the Roman empire collapsed, the church took over regulating marriage. At first they did not have a great deal of influence. The Church's power over marriage grew gradually. At first the Church followed Roman civil law. In the ninth century the church raised the number of prohibited degrees to seven. They also changed the method by which they were calculated. The nobility of Europe usually married from within their own social class. Eventually they became too interrelated to marry by the Church's rules. Many found it necessary to defy the Church. In 1215 the Fourth Lateran Council reduced the number of prohibited degrees of consanguinity from seven back to four. The pope had the power to waive the rules for particular couples. Frequently, papal dispensations were given allowing closely related couples to marry. These were almost always reserved for the royalty and nobility. Sometimes the Church used consanguinity to block marriage as in the case of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders. In 1049 Pope Leo IX refused to allow the marriage. He did not give a reason but the two were cousins. They married anyway. Ten years later, in 1059, Pope, Nicholas II finally granted a dispensation for their marriage. Despite restrictions and laws, up to the 20th century consanguineous marriages were not uncommon in Europe.

The degree of consanguinity can be illustrated with a consanguinity table. Each level of lineal consanguinity ("i.e.", generation or meiosis) appears as a row. Individuals with a collaterally consanguineous relationship share the same row. Consanguinity (blood relationship) is different from Affinity (relationship through marriage) but have been prohibited in the same degrees in the past.


<br>

OFK Bačka

F.K. Bačka is a football club which plays in Bačka Palanka, Serbia.

The club was founded in 1945. Its stadium, Vava Slavko Maletin, can hold 5,500 people. It opened on 7 July 1951. The first time Bačka was ranked in the Second Federal League was in the 1959/1960 season, and again in 1988/1989. One of their best seasons was when they were in the Yugoslav Cup quarterfinal in 1969, losing to Hajduk Split 2:1. The club has also taken part in the national finals, the most recent time being in 1993/1994 when they lost to Nis Workers.

Hurricane Emily (1993)

Hurricane Emily was a category 3 hurricane. It spread from Africa to Puerto Rico and the Outer Banks and lasted from August 22, 1993 to September 6, 1993. It caused flooding, wind, and a lot of rain. Hurricane Emily broke two records.

LSD: Dream Emulator

LSD: Dream Emulator is a video game made for the first PlayStation. The video game was released in Japan during the year 1998 and it is a hard to get this video game with a small number of copies made. The game was made by Osamu Sato in the year 1998. He also made other video games, but they are also hard to get. The game was inspired by a dream diary that was written by a woman called Hiroko Nishikawa, she worked in a company called Asmik Ace Entertainment. This game can only be played by one person.

Socialist Party of America

The Socialist Party of America was a socialist political party in the United States from 1901 to 1972. In early 1919, it had 100,000 members. In the 1920s they temporarily stopped running their own candidates.
They opposed the New Deal by Roosevelt. They held a pacifist position on World War II. In the 1960s, they permanently stopped running their own candidates. Key figures included Eugene V. Debs, Norman Thomas and Max Shactmann.

Socialist Party of Great Britain

The Socialist Party of Great Britain is a British socialist political party started in 1904. It opposed World War I and World War II and all subsequent wars. It opposed the Soviet Union.

World Socialist Party of the United States

The World Socialist Party of the United States (WSPUS) is a socialist political party founded in 1916 in the United States. It split from the Socialist Party of America. It opposes all war and opposed the Soviet Union.

University of the Sacred Heart, Tokyo

The is a university for women in Tokyo. It is a Catholic university. Empress Michiko is a former student.


Darren Pang

Darren Robert "Panger" Pang (born February 17, 1964) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender and hockey media personality.

Before playing in the NHL, Pang played for the Belleville Bulls and Ottawa 67's of the OHL. He played 1 game with the Chicago Blackhawks and then played 3 seasons in the IHL for the Milwaukee Admirals and Saginaw Generals. He also played 7 games with the Nova Scotia Oilers of the AHL. Standing at 5'5", Pang was the 2nd shortest goalie behind only Roy "Shrimp" Worters to play in the NHL.

He returned to the Blackhawks during the 1987-88 NHL season. He played with them for 2 seasons before ending his playing career in the IHL after playing 2 seasons with the Saginaw Hawks and 7 games with the Indianapolis Ice.

After retiring he became the assistant coach for the University of Notre Dame for 3 years and was the goalie coach for the Indianapolis Ice for 2 years.

He is currently a color commentator for the Chicago Blackhawks TV broadcasts and TNT. Before becoming the color commentator for the Blackhawks, Pang was the color commentator for the Phoenix Coyotes, St. Louis Blues, and a part-time analyst with TSN. He is also an "Inside the Glass" reporter for regular season and playoff action for NHL on NBC. Pang also contributes to Home Ice, XM Satellite Radio's all-hockey channel. He was a former top analyst for ESPN National Hockey Night and NHL on ABC for which he broadcast over 95 Stanley Cup Finals games on National TV.


Lawrence Klein

Lawrence Robert Klein (September 14, 1920 – October 20, 2013) was an American economist of Jewish descent. He became a well-known economist for his work in creating computer models to forecast economic trends in the field of econometrics. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1980 for his discovery.

Klein was born on September 14, 1920 in Omaha, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Pennsylvania. and at the University of California, Berkeley.

Klein married Sonia Adelson during the 1950s. They had three daughters and one son. Klein died on October 20, 2013 in Gladwyne, Pennsylvania from natural causes, aged 93.


Robert Solow

Robert Merton Solow (August 23, 1924 – December 21, 2023) was an American economist. He was known for his work on the theory of economic growth that grew in the exogenous growth model. It was named after him. He was awarded the John Bates Clark Medal (in 1961) and the 1987 Nobel Prize in Economics. He won the Nobel Prize for studying how countries grow economically.

Solow was born on August 23, 1924 in Brooklyn, New York City. He studied at Harvard University. Solow married Barbara Lewis in 1945. They had two sons and one daughter.

Solow died on December 21, 2023, at his home in Lexington, Massachusetts, at the age of 99.


Douglass North

Douglass Cecil North (November 5, 1920 – November 23, 2015) was an American economist. He is known for his work in economic history. In 1993, he received the Nobel Prize in Economics.

In the words of the Nobel Committee, North and Robert Fogel were awarded the prize "for having renewed research in economic history by applying economic theory and quantitative methods in order to explain economic and institutional change."

North was one of 20 Nobel Laureates who signed the "Stockholm memorandum" at the 3rd Nobel Laureate Symposium on Global Sustainability in Stockholm, Sweden on 18 May 2011.

North was born on November 5, 1920 in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He studied at Washington University in St. Louis, and Stanford University, at the University of Washington, and at Cambridge University. North has three sons from a failed marriage. 

North died on November 23, 2015 at his summer house in Benzonia, Michigan the age of 95 from esophageal cancer.


Thomas Schelling

Thomas Crombie Schelling (14 April 1921 – 13 December 2016) was an American economist and professor of foreign affairs, national security, nuclear strategy, and arms control.

After 1953, he left government to join the economics faculty at Yale University, and in 1958 he was appointed Professor of Economics at Harvard University. In 1969 he joined the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard.

In 1993, Schelling received an award from the National Academy of Sciences. He also received an honorary doctorate from Yale University in 2009 as well as an honorary degree from the University of Manchester.

He was awarded the 2005 Nobel Prize in Economics (shared with Robert Aumann) for "having enhanced our understanding of conflict and cooperation through game-theory analysis".

Schelling was born on 14 April 1921 in Oakland, California. He studied at the University of California, Berkeley, at Harvard University, and at Yale University.

Schelling married Corinne Tigay Saposs in 1947. They had four children. They divorced in 1991. Then, Schelling married Alice M. Coleman in 1991. They had four children.

Schelling died on 13 December 2016 in Bethesda, Maryland from complications following a hip fracture, aged 95.

Schelling's most famous work grew out of the post-war interest in game theory and the Cold War. The book covers an area known as strategic bargaining, about how the United States could deal with the Soviet Union after World War II. It is thought to be one of the hundred books that have been most influential in the West since 1945. Many studies at the RAND Corporation and Herman Kahn's Hudson Institute were along similar lines. All these people knew each other and gave advice and seminars at the Pentagon and other U.S. government departments.

Schelling's theories about war were extended in "Arms and Influence". The blurb states that it "carries forward the analysis so brilliantly begun in his earlier "The Strategy of Conflict"... and makes a significant contribution to the growing literature on modern war and diplomacy".

In 1969 and 1971, Schelling published widely cited articles dealing with what he called "a general theory of tipping". In these papers he showed that a preference that one's neighbors be of the same color, or even a preference for a mixture "up to some limit", could lead to total segregation. This explained the phenomenon of complete local separation of distinct groups. 
Once a cycle of such changes has begun, it may have a self-sustaining momentum.

Schelling has been involved in the global warming debate since chairing a commission for President Jimmy Carter in 1980. He believes climate change poses a serious threat to developing nations, but that the threat to the United States has been exaggerated. Drawing on his experience with the Marshall Plan after World War II, he has argued that addressing global warming is a bargaining problem; if the world is able to reduce emissions, poor countries will receive most of the benefits but rich countries will bear most of the costs.



Viking invasion of Britain

The Viking invasion of Britain in 865 AD is sometimes called 
the Great Heathen Army, or Great Danish Army or the Great Viking Army. Previous invasions were for loot, but this one led to semi-permanent settlement.

A large force of Danish Vikings attacked Anglo-Saxon England. This army appeared in East Anglia in 865. Unlike earlier Vikings who made brief raids on England, the Great army stayed for many years in an attempt to conquer all of England. 

The first recorded Viking attack in England was in 793 at Lindisfarne. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle reported " the of heathen men miserably destroyed God's church at Lindesfarne." There were many reasons that Vikings began attacking England. The populations of Norway had been growing between the 7th and 9th centuries. The Vikings were pagans who often had several wives and many sons. These young men filled the ranks of armies and joined ship's crews to go on adventures. The beginning of trade between Europe and England had opened up great trading centers. Vikings were traders but at the same time resorted to piracy when it suited them. This was especially true when they found new lands and people who were not well protected. 

The first raiders from the north who set foot in England were from Norway. They sacked and killed monks at Lindisfarne and at Jarrow the following year. The Norwegian Vikings then established colonies in the Shetland and Orkney Islands. They also settled in Ireland. The Vikings from Norway only came back to England in the 10th century and from their settlements in Ireland. The Swedes, called the Rus, were to later expand eastwards into Russia. In 835 there was a raid at the mouth of the River Thames by Danish Vikings. For the next thirty years these attacks on England continued. In 850 Canterbury and London were attacked by a Danish band led by Rorik. He was defeated and killed the next year by Athelwulf of Wessex. Only twice had a Danish army spent the winter in England: in 850 and 854.

In 865 the Danish Vikings changed their tactics. A large army made up of many smaller bands landed in East Anglia. For over a decade they remained in England destroying entire kingdoms as they went. The Danes spent the winter in East Anglia. The local people bought peace with the Vikings by supplying them with horses. After a year they moved northwards to Northumbria now a mounted army. They captured York and defeated two Northumbrian kings, Aella and Osbert, who joined forces to attack the Danes. Both kings were killed. In 867 they appointed a client-king named Ecgberht over the Northumbrians. In the fall of that year they moved south into Mercia. The Danes made their winter camp at Nottingham. In 868 Burgred, the King of Mercia, asked King Ethelred of Wessex and his brother Alfred for their help against the Danes. The Danes did not fight but allowed the Mercians to pay them for peace. 

The Vikings later withdrew to York. The next year, 871, the great Viking army grew much larger. After twelve months in York, the great army moved south again into East Anglia. Setting up winter quarters at Thetford they defeated King Edmund of East Anglia. Next, in the fall of 870 they moved to Reading. Athelred with his brother Alfred arrived with their army to meet the new threat. In the battle that followed, the Battle of Reading, both sides suffered many casualties. Athelred's army was defeated. Four days later the two armies met again at the Battle of Ashdown. This time the West Saxons won the victory and the Vikings retreated to Reading. Two weeks later Athelred and Alfred led the West Saxons against the Danes at Basing where the Danes won. Two months passed without any fighting between them. The next battle was at a place called Merantun. After a day long battle which the English were winning, the Danes were able to regain their lost ground. Just after mid-April in 871, Athelred died. At this point Wessex was the last remaining kingdom that hadn't been destroyed by the Vikings. Within a month, Alfred, who replaced his brother as king, was defeated at Wilton. There were nine more battles between the West Saxons and the Danes in the next year. Wessex finally paid the Vikings for peace which ended the fighting. Alfred remained on the throne. Of the two known leaders of the Danes, Ivar the Boneless disappeared from the records after 871. His brother Halfdan Ragnarsson was still the leader when the Danes withdrew from Wessex to winter in London the same year.

In 872 the Northumbrians rebelled against the Danes and ejected King Ecgberht. They placed King Ricsige on the throne. Ecgberht took refuge in Mercia. The Danes came north to put down the rebellion, but succeeded only in subduing Deira. Within a few weeks the Danes set up their winter camp at Torksey in Mercia. The Danes had operated as a single army for nine years. But in 874 it divided into two armies. They never reunited.

In 874 Halfdan took his followers north to camp at the mouth of the River Tyne. They raided the Picts and Britons in Strathclyde for the next year. But there was little gain in raiding these poorer areas. The Danes had plundered the wealth of most of England and little was left. Halfdan began settling his men in the area of York. The other army led by Gutheram, Oscytel and Arnuld was still fighting against Wessex at the time. By 876 they had concluded a peace with Wessex. In late 878 Guthrum's band withdrew to Cirencester in Mercia. In 879 they moved to East Anglia. The leader Guthrum, known by his Christian name Aethelstan, reigned as king until his death in 890. According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle 'they occupied the land and shared it out.' In 878 a new Danish army was camped at Fulham. But by 879 they had left England for the Low Countries.

The settling of a large part of conquered England by the Danes became known as the Danelaw. It became the part of England where the laws and customs were Danish not English. At this point England became divided into three parts. These were Wessex, English Mercia and the Danelaw. The Danelaw was a mixture of the native populations and the members of the great army who settled there. Many placenames were Danish. Many of the words in the English vocabulary have Danish origins. As late as the 11th century when a came to England he did not feel out of place. The languages was the same and the customs were the same. This was true until the Norman conquest of England in 1066 when French was introduced into England.


Kenneth Arrow

Kenneth Joseph Arrow (August 23, 1921 – February 21, 2017) was an American economist. He won the Nobel Prize in Economics with John Hicks in 1972. Until 2019, he was the youngest person to have received this award, at 51.

Arrow was born on August 23, 1921 in New York City, New York. He studied at the City College of New York and at Columbia University. Arrow married Selma Schweitzer in 1947. They had two sons.

In economics, he was thought be an important figure in post-World War II neo-classical economic theory. Many of his former graduate students have gone on to win the Nobel Prize themselves. 

Arrow was active on the international scene through a variety of initiatives including trustee of Economists for Peace and Security and a member of the Advisory Board of Incentives for Global Health, the not-for-profit behind the Health Impact Fund.

Arrow died on February 21, 2017 from natural causes at his home in Palo Alto, California, aged 95.


Robert D. Maxwell

Robert Dale Maxwell (October 26, 1920 – May 11, 2019) was a former United States Army soldier from Idaho. 

He is a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. He received this honor for his actions in World War II. After the death of Nicholas Oresko on October 4, 2013, Maxwell became the oldest living Medal of Honor recipient.

Maxwell was born on October 26, 1920 in Boise, Idaho. He studied at Bend Senior High School. Maxwell now lives in Bend, Oregon, and is the only living Medal of Honor recipient in that state.

In 2011, at the age of 90, he received his High School Diploma from Bend Senior High. In 2012, he suffered a minor stroke, but recovered after only a few short days with only minor loss of functionality of his right hand.

Maxwell died on May 11, 2019 in Bend, Oregon at the age of 98.


Walter D. Ehlers

Walter David Ehlers (May 7, 1921 – February 20, 2014) was a former United States Army soldier. Ehlers received the Medal of Honor for his actions in World War II.

Ehlers was the last living Medal of Honor recipient who fought at Omaha Beach on D-Day.

Ehlers was born on May 7, 1921 in Junction City, Kansas. He joined the Army in October 1940.

Ehlers' brother Roland died at Omaha Beach when his landing craft was hit by a mortar shell. Ehlers appeared in the 1955 movie "The Long Gray Line", starring Tyrone Power.

Ehlers lived in Orange County, California. He died on February 20, 2014 of kidney failure in Long Beach, California. He was 92 years old.


The Exorcist (movie)

The Exorcist is a 1973 American supernatural horror movie directed by William Friedkin. It is based on the 1971 book by William Peter Blatty and is also based on the true events by 1949 exorcism case of Ronald Doe. It stars Max von Sydow, Ellen Burstyn, and Linda Blair with William O'Malley. It was released to positive reviews on December 26, 1973. The Film is rated R

Bud Adams

Kenneth Stanley "Bud" Adams, Jr. (January 3, 1923 – October 21, 2013) was an American businessman. He owned the Tennessee Titans. He was chairman and CEO of Adams Resources & Energy Inc., a wholesale supplier of oil and natural gas. Adams was not a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

Adams was born was on January 3, 1923 in Bartlesville, Oklahoma. He studied at Culver Military Academy, at Menlo College, and at the University of Kansas.

Adams married Neville Adams from 1947 until her death in 2009. They had two daughters and one son. Adams died on October 21, 2013 in Houston, Texas from natural causes, aged 90.


Georges Descrières

Georges Descrières (15 April 1930 – 19 October 2013) was a French actor. He appeared in 52 movies and television shows between 1954 and 1996. He starred alongside Anna Karina in the 1962 movie "Sun in Your Eyes" and portrayed the gentleman-burglar titular character in the internationally successful TV series "Arsène Lupin".

He was appointed an Officer of the Legion of Honour in January 2004 and appointed Grand Officer of the National Order of Merit in May 2011.

Descrières died of cancer in Cannes, France on 19 October 2013, aged 83.


2 Live Crew

2 Live Crew is a hip hop group from Miami, Florida. The group became known for obscenity, dirty rap lyrics and serious controversy. The group was established in 1984. They officially broke up in 1998 and reunited about 10 years later. Their studio album "As Nasty as They Wanna Be" caused major uproars. Several songs from the album, in particular, had very sexual lyrics.

Nina Davuluri

Nina Davuluri (born April 20, 1989) is the Miss America for 2014. She is the first Indian-American to become a Miss America and to be Miss New York. Shortly after the crowning, Davuluri went through some controversy and backlash generated by social media. Davaluri was born in Syracuse, New York.

Jack Norris

John Wayne "Jack" Norris (born August 5, 1942) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.

In the NHL, Norris played 23 games for the Boston Bruins, 10 games for the Chicago Black Hawks and 25 games for the Los Angeles Kings. He spent most of his playing career in the minor leagues. He played 2 seasons for the Alberta/Edmonton Oilers and 2 seasons with the Phoenix Roadrunners of the World Hockey Association before retiring after the 1975-76 WHA season.


The Apprentice (British TV series)

The Apprentice is an British reality television program. A group of young entrepreneurs compete to win an investment from multi-millionaire businessman Alan Sugar. 

For twelve weeks, the contestants are split into two teams and must complete business-related tasks. At the end of each task, Sugar and his two assistants, Karren Brady and Claude Littner, "fire" a person from the losing team. Eventually, only one contestant remains and they win the investment. In the first few years of the show, the prize was a job at one of Sugar's companies. In season 7, they changed the prize to a business investment. 

Adam Munro

Adam Munro (born November 12, 1982) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender that currently plays for HC TWK Innsbruck of the EBEL.

Before playing in the NHL, Munro played 4 years with the Erie Otters and 1 season with the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds of the OHL.

He was drafted with the 29th overall pick in the 2001 NHL Entry draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. He played 17 games with the Blackhawks and spent most of his time with their-then AHL affiliate team, Norfolk Admirals.

In 2006, Munro was signed as a free agent by HC Fribourg-Gottéron of the National League A. He played a season with them and returned to North America to play for the Columbus Blue Jackets' AHL affiliate, Syracuse Crunch. He played 25 games for them and then played for the Toronto Maple Leafs' AHL affiliate, Toronto Marlies. After playing 40 games with the Marlies between two seasons, Munro left North America again to play for HC Sibir Novosibirsk of the KHL.

Munro would play 4 games in the KHL and 1 season in the Elite.A with SG Cortina before heading to the EBEL. In the EBEL, he has also played 2 seasons with Alba Volán Székesfehérvár.

Nehemiah Grew

Nehemiah Grew (26 September 164125 March 1712) was an English plant anatomist and physiologist, the "Father of Plant Anatomy".

Grew graduated from Pembroke College, Cambridge in 1661, and ten years later took the degree of M.D. at Leiden University. 

He began work on the anatomy of plants in 1664, and in 1670 his essay, "The Anatomy of Vegetables begun", was communicated to the Royal Society. The following year he was elected a Fellow. In 1672, when the essay was published, he settled in London, and soon acquired an extensive practice as a physician. 

In 1673 he published his "Idea of a Phytological History", which consisted of papers he had communicated to the Royal Society in the preceding year, and in 1677 he succeeded Henry Oldenburg as Secretary of the Royal Society. He edited the "Philosophical Transactions" in 1678-1679, and in 1681 he published by request a descriptive catalogue of the rarities preserved at Gresham College.

In 1682 appeared his great work on the "Anatomy of Plants", which also was largely a collection of previous publications. It was illustrated with eighty-two plates, with an appendix of seven papers mostly of a chemical character. The "Anatomy" is especially notable for its descriptions of plant structure. He described nearly all the key differences of morphology of stem and root, showed that the flowers of the Asteraceae are built of multiple units, and correctly said that stamens are male organs. "Anatomy of Plants" also contains the first known microscopic description of pollen.

Much of Grew's pioneering work with the microscope was done at the same time as that of Marcello Malpighi. The two reportedly borrowed freely from one another. Grew's work on pollen was more extensive than that of Malpighi. It led to the discovery that size and shape is different between species, whereas pollen grains within a species are all alike. This discovery is central to the field of micropaleontology.

Johannes Müller

Johannes Peter Müller (14 July 1801 – 28 April 1858), was a German physiologist, comparative anatomist, ichthyologist, and herpetologist. In 1833 he became Professor of physiology at the University of Berlin.

In the later part of his life he chiefly devoted himself to comparative anatomy. Fishes and marine invertebrates were his favourite subjects. He took 19 trips to the Baltic and North Sea, the Adriatic and the Mediterranean to investigate salt-water life.

He authored a comprehensive work on the anatomy of amphibians, which in his era including reptiles. Also, he described several new species of snakes.

Müller mentored some distinguished physiologists and biologists, including Hermann von Helmholtz, Emil du Bois-Reymond, Theodor Schwann, Friedrich Gustav Jakob Henle, Carl Ludwig and Ernst Haeckel. In 1834, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. He was awarded the Copley Medal of the Royal Society in 1854.


Sobolev space

The Sobolev space is a function space in mathematics. The space is very useful to look at for partial differential equation.
The spaces may be characterized by smooth functions. It is used by mathematicians. There is a strong relation between Soblev space and Besov space. 

Sobolev spaces are named for the Russian mathematician Sergei Sobolev in the 1930s. His space has many uses, but usually are for understanding the solutions of ordinal differential equations and partial differential equations. According to the applications above, there were questions on how to characterize the space using classical functions. These questions were answered in 1964, by Meyers and Serrin.

Meyers and Serrin's theorem is well known for how to characterize to Sobolev spaces by collection of functions can classical derivative up to given oder same as order of distributional derivative of the Sobolev space. In this section, we shall first recall that definition of Sobolev spaces and set to several preliminaries as follows.

Here, Ω is an open set in ℝ"" and 1 ≤ "p" ≤ +∞. The natural number "m" is called the order of the Sobolev space "W"(Ω). 

Tata Institute of Fundamental Research

The Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) is a research organization in India. It is for studies in mathematics and science. It is located in Mumbai.

TIFR was started by Jenhangir Ratanji Dadabhoy Tata. It is now government funded. This institute has various departments like physics, chemistry, astronomy, and mathematics. One of its founding members was physicist Homi Bhabha. It was inaugurated by Prime Minister Sri Jawaharlal Nehru. Professors in this organization are recruited from institutes including the Illinois Institute of Technology.

Mojo!

Mojo! is a video game created by FarSight Studios. It is owned by Crave Entertainment. It is made to be played on the PlayStation 2. The player controls a marble through a series of traps in order to break all of the coloured blocks in a stage. The player must finish the stage within a set time. There are 100 stages.

1556 Shaanxi earthquake

The 1556 Shaanxi earthquake was a very bad earthquake that occurred on the morning of 23 January 1556 in Shaanxi, during the Ming Dynasty. It killed around 830,000 people, making it the worst earthquake in human history by number of deaths. 

More than 97 counties in the provinces of Shaanxi, Shanxi, Henan, Gansu, Hebei, Shandong, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu and Anhui were affected. The earthquake destroyed a area. In some counties, 60% of the population was killed. It had a magnitude of around 8.0.

At the time, many people in that area lived in homes they made from artificial caves. Loess, the material that made these caves, is known to be very weak and can cause landslides. Scholars believe that is why so many people had died.


Naturopathy

Naturopathy is a form of alternative medicine. It is based on the belief that a special energy called "vital energy" guides bodily functions such as metabolism, reproduction and growth. Naturopaths use various froms of treament, such as herbal medicine and massaging with a holistic view. They generally avoid the use of surgery and synthetic drugs. In Naturopathy, evidence-based medicine is thought of as being only part of the evidence. Taken as a whole, naturopathy is an ideologic system, not a scientific one. 

The term "naturopathy" comes from Greek and Latin, meaning "natural therapy". Modern naturopathy developed from the Natural Cure movement in Europe.



Oscar Yanes

Oscar Armando Yanes González (25 April 1927 – 21 October 2013) was a Venezuelan journalist and bestselling author. Yanes is considered to be a pioneer in Venezuela's broadcast journalism department.

He was awarded three times with the National Prize for Journalism. In 1992, he won the Silver Book Prize, awarded by Planeta Publishing, for the largest book circulation of the year.

Yanes was born on 25 April 1927 in Caracas, Venezuela. As a child, he attended the Zamora School, in San Juan Parish. The idol of the parish was the boxer Armando Best. Pompeyo Márquez and Eloy Torres also studied at that school. Both were boxers who were going to end up as communist leaders.

Later, Yanes went to the University and studied as a journalist after he had seen a notice from the newspaper. He entered the first school of journalism that existed in Venezuela, at the Free University "Augusteo", which had been founded in October 1941 by Monsignor Rafael Lovera under General Isaiah Medina Angarita. Press freedom was given by Angarita and allowed the circulation of three newspapers that made history: Últimas Noticias, El Nacional and El Morrocoy Blue. Yanes signed up for the founding squad of Últimas Noticias and stayed there for a few years.[1]

At age 25, he assumed the direction of the newspaper La Esfera. Ramón David León, who gave him the chance at 13 of getting to know the world of journalism, gave him his office and his position 12 years later, when he decided to sell the newspaper to Miguel Ángel Capriles.

Leading the team of Venevisión, a Venezuelan network, Yanes was sent in 1966 to Vietnam as a war correspondent and press officer. For two months, he made six reports that were distributed throughout Latin America: "The War on the Sea" (la guerra en el mar), "The War in the Air" (la guerra en el aire), "The War in the Jungle" (la guerra en la selva), "The Vietcong, "The Religion "(la religion) and "The Vietnamese Woman" (la mujer vietnamita).

He stood out as professor of the first class of the School of Social Communication of the Central University of Venezuela (Universidad Central de Venezuela) and taught a class in the Andrés Bello Catholic University (Universidad Catolica Andres Bello) of Caracas.[2]

He won on three occasions the National Prize for Journalism, the Monseñor Pellín Prize and the First Prize of the Association of Writers of Venezuela in the contest of biographies of famous Venezuelans, for his work "Carlos J. Bello, the Forgotten Sage." He also won the Silver Book Award in 1992, which is awarded by Editorial Planeta for the book with the highest circulation of the year.

Considered one of the pioneers in real-time television journalism, with particular interviews confronting many in front of the cameras, he became famous for his television programs.

Yanes was famous for his tales about contemporary history in the television program "Así son las Cosas" (The Way Things Are). In the late 1940s, he received first prize from the Venezuelan Association of Writers for his book "Carlos J. Bello, el Sabio Olvidado".(Carlos J. Bello, the Forgotten Wise Man). In 1992, he won the Silver Book Prize awarded by Planeta Publishing, for the largest book circulation of the year.[3]
He died on 21 October 2013 in Caracas from pneumonia, aged 86.

Divine right of kings

The divine right of kings, was a political and religious doctrine. It meant that a monarch was given the right to rule by God alone. His authority could not be questioned because he ruled in God's name. It gave a king absolute rule over his subjects.

Pharaohs and some other ancient Kings were thought to actually be gods or descendants of gods. That concept went away when monotheism spread. A medieval principle held that God gave the right in to rule in secular matters to political rulers. God gave the right to rule over spiritual matters to the Pope as head of the Church. This has been called the 'doctrine of the two swords'. In 800, Pope Leo III crowned Charlemagne as the Holy Roman Emperor. From that time on the Emperor was the secular power while the Pope was the power. This concept began to break down prior to the First Crusade. Rather than have the Emperor provide the manpower for the crusade, the Pope called on the nobility of Europe directly.

In England, Henry VIII broke free of the Catholic church and the authority of the Pope. By the Acts of Supremacy in 1534 Henry was both king and "Supreme Head" of the Church of England. Following the Protestant Reformation the theory of divine right gave the king absolute authority as God's representative on earth in both political and spiritual matters. It made him accountable to no one but God. James I of England in his speech to Parliament in 1609 said:
In France the theory had been considered from the 13th century. Although France remained Catholic, her kings gradually pulled away from papal rule. By the 16th century the king replaced the pope as supreme authority over the French church. After the Glorious Revolution of 1688–89 the divine rights theory was no longer popular in England. In France, kings including Louis XIV of France (1643–1715) continued the divine rights doctrine. That was until the French revolution in 1789. By the 19th century it no longer had any .

The Chinese culture had a similar but older concept called the 'Mandate of Heaven'. A good ruler had the blessings of heaven. But one who ruled badly would cause the mandate to be removed. When the People's Republic of China was formed in 1949, they claimed the Mandate of Heaven from the people.



Alfie Moore

Alfred Ernest Moore (December 1, 1904 – June 29, 1979) was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender.

Moore played 20 games in the NHL for the New York Americans. Moore is known for replacing Mike Karakas in the Chicago Black Hawks net in game one of the 1938 Stanley Cup Finals because replacement goaltender Paul Goodman did not arrive in Toronto on time.

He spent the end of his career in the AHL, playing for the Cleveland Barons, New Haven Eagles, Springfield Indians, Buffalo Bisons and Philadelphia Rockets. In 1941, Moore retired from playing professional ice hockey. In 1949, he became the head coach of the Galt Black Hawks of the Ontario Hockey Association which he coached for 1 season. He died in 1984.


Greg Millen

Gregory H. Millen (born February 17, 1964) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender and hockey commentator analyst.

Before playing in the NHL, Millen played 3 seasons for the Peterborough Petes and 25 games for the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds.

He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins with the 102nd overall pick in the 1977 NHL Entry draft. He played 3 seasons with the Penguins and was signed as a free agent by the Hartford Whalers. He played 4 seasons with the Whalers and during his time with the Whalers he represented Canada at the World Championships. He was traded by the Whalers to the St. Louis Blues in February 1985 and helped them reach the Conference Finals in 1986. They were defeated by the Calgary Flames however.

He then played 18 games for the Quebec Nordiques, 13 games for the Chicago Blackhawks and 10 games for the Detroit Red Wings before leaving for the IHL to play for the San Diego Gulls and retiring after playing 5 games with them.

After retiring, Millen became the colour commentator on television broadcasts for the expansion Ottawa Senators. He spent eleven seasons as the commentator for the Senators and was teamed with Don Chevrier, Rob Faulds, and Dean Brown. He was also part of the lead broadcasting team along with Dan Shulman for CTV's ice hockey coverage at the 1994 Winter Olympics.

He joined the CBC's Hockey Night in Canada before the 1994-95 NHL season. He spent a year with CTV Sportsnet and rejoined HNIC in 1999–2000 where he was the network's secondary colour commentator and mostly covered the second game of weekly doubleheader. He usually works on the game that features the Montreal Canadiens along with Bob Cole and Guy Carbonneau. He worked on regional Toronto Maple Leafs telecasts since 2006 on Rogers Sportsnet Ontario and Leafs TV along with Joe Bowen. During the 2012 NHL playoffs, he worked the Washington-Boston series with play-by-play man Dean Brown.


Gilles Meloche

Gilles Meloche (born July 12, 1950) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.

Before playing in the NHL, Meloche played 1 season for the Verdun Maple Leafs of the QMJHL.

He was drafted with the 70th overall pick by the Chicago Black Hawks in the 1970 NHL Entry draft. Meloche played 2 games with the Black Hawks. Chicago was already strong in goal with Tony Esposito so Meloche was dealt to the California Golden Seals, one of the weakest teams in the league at the time.

Meloche played for the Seals for 5 seasons and stayed with the team when the franchise's relocated to Cleveland, Ohio to become the Cleveland Barons. He would play for the Barons for 2 seasons and stayed with the Barons when they merged with the Minnesota North Stars. Meloche played 7 seasons with the North Stars and had great success with them. He then played 3 seasons with the Pittsburgh Penguins and retired in 1988.

Since retiring from playing hockey, he became the Penguins goaltending coach. He coach the Penguins for 8 seasons and helped the Penguins win three Stanley Cups before resigning in 2013. He currently works as a special assignment scout for the Pittsburgh Penguins.


Total Eclipse

Total Eclipse is a 1995 biographical-drama movie. This movie is about two 19th century French poets who become romantically involved with one another. Leonardo DiCaprio plays Arthur Rimbaud. The movie got some bad reviews not long after its release.

Philomena

Philomena is a 2013 British drama movie. The movie is about a news journalist who has just lost his job as Labour government adviser. In the movie, Judi Dench plays Philomena Lee and Steve Coogan plays Martin. The movie has gotten positive review by critics.

Buenos Aires Convention

The Buenos Aires Convention (or Convention on Literary and Artistic Copyright) is an international copyright treaty. It was signed at Buenos Aires on 11 August 1910. The countries which signed it agreed to respect the copyrights of the other countries. For a document to be covered by this convention, its copyright statement must use the proper wording. Often, the phrase "All rights reserved" (, ) was used. However, the United States only required the name of the writer and the year that the work was published.

The following countries signed the Buenos Aires Convention:


Ratchet &amp; Clank Future: Tools of Destruction

Ratchet & Clank Future: Tools of Destruction is a platform game developed by Insomniac Games. It is the sixth game in the "Ratchet & Clank" series of video games. It was released on October 23, 2007 in North America and on November 9, 2007 in Europe.

In this game, Ratchet & Clank save the universe from the Cragmites. Ratchet’s species, who were called Lombaxes, disappeared and Ratchet is the last of the Lombaxes.The Lombax secret is the last opportunity to save the universe from the Cragmites emperor Tachyon. Ratchet’s planet is called Fastoon. Fastoon has a lot of advanced technology. The dimensionator (or Lombax secret) is the most important part of Lombax technology. In the Big War it shot the Cragmites to another dimension. This is the reason why Tachyon wants to destroy Ratchet and all the Lombaxes. In their runaway from Polaris Galaxy, Clank meets the Zoni, some extraterrestrial beings who have magical powers. On many occasions Ratchet & Clank meet the pirates. The pirates are robots, but they can do what they like. They’ve got a captain who has a lot of space stations and lots of space ships.


Sébastien Caron

Sébastien Caron (born June 25, 1980) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender that currently plays for Iserlohn Roosters of the DEL.

Before playing in the NHL, Caron played 2 seasons in the QMJHL for the Rimouski Oceanic where he won the Memorial Cup with them in 2000. He also won the Hap Emms Memorial Trophy for being the Memorial Cup Outstanding Goaltender.

He was drafted with the 86th overall pick in the 1999 NHL Entry draft by the Pittsburgh Penguins.

He played 3 seasons with the Penguins and 4 seasons with their AHL affiliate team, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins before having his contract bought out by the Penguins on June 25, 2006. He also played for Saguenay Fjord and Sorel-Tracy Mission during the 2004–05 NHL lockout.

On July 27, 2006, he was signed to a contract with the Chicago Blackhawks and he played 1 game with them before being traded along with Matt Keith and Chris Durno to Anaheim Ducks for P.A. Parenteau and Bruno St. Jacques.

During his time with the Ducks, Caron served as a spare goaltender in the 2007 playoffs. He was not called on to dress during the playoffs but was included in the Stanley Cup winning picture, and has a Stanley Cup ring from when the Ducks won the Stanley Cup. He did not however qualify to have his name engraved on the Stanley Cup since he only played one regular season game.

On April 1, 2010, he was signed by the Philadelphia Flyers but never played in net for Philadelphia during his short visit. He was the seventh goaltender acquired the Flyers' for the 2009–2010 NHL season.

He went on to play for HC Fribourg-Gotteron of the NLA for 3 seasons and was signed to a contract by Traktor Chelyabinsk of the KHL on August 23, 2010.

He played 12 games with Traktor and went back to the NLA to play for HC Lugano. He 14 games with them and returned to the NHL after the Tampa Bay Lightning signed him to a 1-year, one-way contract. He only played 3 games with them and was traded to the Nashville Predators, along with 3 draft picks for Kyle Wilson, Anders Lindback, and one draft pick. Instead of playing, Caron left to play for the Iserlohn Roosters of the DEL.

Jan Purkyně

Jan Evangelista Purkyně (17 December 1787 – 28 July 1869) was a Czech anatomist and physiologist. He was one of the best known scientists of his time. In 1839, he coined the term 'protoplasm' for the fluid substance of a cell.

Purkyně was born in Bohemia, which was then in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, now it is in the Czech Republic. In 1818, he graduated with a degree in medicine, and was appointed Professor of Physiology. He published two volumes which contributed to experimental psychology. He created the world's first Department of Physiology at the University of Breslau in Prussia (now Wrocław, Poland), and the world's first official physiology laboratory.

He is best known for his discoveries of Purkinje cells and Purkinje fibres. Purkinje cells are large neurons with many branching dendrites found in the cerebellum. Purkinje fibres conduct electrical impulses to all parts of the ventricle of the heart. Other discoveries include Purkinje images, reflections of objects from structures of the eye, and the Purkinje shift, the change in the brightness of red and blue colours as light intensity decreases gradually at dusk. Purkyně also introduced the scientific terms plasma (for the component of blood left when the suspended cells have been removed) and protoplasm (the substance found inside cells.)

Purkyně was the first to use a microtome to make wafer thin slices of tissue for microscopic examination and was among the first to use an improved version of the compound microscope. He described the effects of camphor, opium, belladonna and turpentine on humans in 1829. He also experimented with nutmeg that same year, when he "washed down three ground nutmegs with a glass of wine and experienced headaches, nausea, euphoria, and hallucinations that lasted several days", which remain a good description of today's average nutmeg binge. Purkyně discovered sweat glands in 1833 and published a thesis that recognised nine principal configuration groups of fingerprints in 1823.

Purkyně was, in the opinion of Henry Harris, the true father of the cell theory. The work of Purkyně and his student and collaborator Gabriel Valentin (1810–1883) was "unjustly denigrated by the nationalistic Germans. They have a claim to some priority in the cell theory". 

Johannes Müller (1801–1858) also made great contributions. However, it was Theodor Schwann and Matthias Schleiden (1804–1881) who got the credit for the cell theory, despite the fact that some of their observations were not correct, and their credits to previous workers were "a travesty".

Roger I de Montgomery

Roger I de Montgomery, was the (lord) of Montgomery and vicomte of the Hiesmois in Normandy.

Roger was the son of Hugh de Montgomery and his wife Josceline. She was the niece of Gunnora, Duchess of Normandy. Roger held the lands of Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery and Sainte-Foy-de-Montgommery. Both had traces of early castles. He became the Viscount of the Heismois about the same time Robert I of Normandy became Duke in 1027. But as the viscount he witnessed a royal charter to the abbey of St. Wandrille . Like Duke Robert, Roger began taking properties that belonged to the church. These included () half the town of Bernay. He took over a woodland at 'Crispus Fagidus' which belonged to Jumièges Abbey. He put an end to a market held by the same abbey and took it into his own domain. Later he seemed to have a change of heart. He returned the market to the abbey and paid restitution for their losses.

After 1035 Roger seems to have lost favor with the young duke William. He signed an early charter of Duke William simply as 'Roger of Montgomery'. He apparently was no longer the viscount. In 1037 when rebellions broke out, Roger was one of the rebels. When he was defeated he fled to the court of Henry I of France. Roger was forced into exile by Osbern the Steward. Osbern was later killed by William de Montgomery, Roger's son. Where and when Roger died is unknown. In 1068 his wife was still holding lands at Bures and Saint-Pair.

The name of Roger's wife is unknown but he had five sons:


Barákapuszta

Barákapuszta is a former village, now a part of Zichyújfalu, Hungary.

It currently has a population of around 15 (in 2013). Barákapuszta an area of 0.8 km².

The settlement founded of 17th century.

Chris Clifford

Chris Clifford (born May 26, 1966 in Kingston, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.

Before playing in the NHL, Clifford played 1 season with the Kingston Canadians of the OHL.

He was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks with the 111th overall pick in the 1984 NHL Entry draft. He played 1 game with them but went back down to the OHL to play with the Canadiens again. He won the Bobby Smith Trophy in 1985-86 and became the first goaltender in Ontario Hockey League history to score a goal.

After spending 3 seasons with the Canadiens, he played for the Saginaw Hawks of the IHL. He played 22 games with them and was called up to play 1 game for the Black Hawks. After that game, he went back down to the IHL to play 7 games with Saginaw and 23 games with the Muskegon Lumberjacks.

He went to the ECHL to play 10 games with the Virginia Lancers and then returned to the Lumberjacks to play 1 season. After his season with the Lumberjacks was over, Clifford played 2 games for the Fort Wayne Komets and left for the ECHL to play for the Louisville Icehawks. After play the 1993-94 season with them, Clifford retired from playing professional ice hockey.

Paradox of thrift

The paradox of thrift is the idea that during a recession, people will want to save more money. But if everyone saves money, then the economy can slow down even more, reducing peoples' income as a result. It is often linked with John Maynard Keynes. It is a main theory of Keynesian economics.

It is a kind of prisoner's dilemma: saving benefits each individual but damages the general population. This is a paradox because it is contrary to intuition. Someone might think that what seems to be good for an individual in the economy will be good for the entire population. However, exercising thrift may be good for an individual by enabling that individual to save for a "rainy day", and yet not be good for the economy as a whole.

There is little agreement as to how important this is in a modern economy. Modern economies are huge, and much affected by other national economies. 

Mora (ship)

The Mora was William the Conqueror's flagship for his invasion of England in 1066. It served as his personal ship between England and Normandy afterwards. It was the largest and fastest ship in his invasion fleet. The Mora was a gift to William by his wife Matilda of Flanders.

The "Mora" was built at Barfleur in Normandy. It was a gift from Matilda of Flanders to her husband Duke William of Normandy. It was completed in the summer of 1066. Mora was a larger ship that could carry ten to twelve knights with their , weapons and . It would also have a crew to sail it. The captain of the ship was Stephen, the son of Airard. Stephen was the captain of the Mora for over twenty years. Orderic Vitalis described the ship: "it had for its the image of a child, gilt, pointing with its right hand towards England, and having in its mouth a trumpet of ivory. "Mora" carried sails and at the top of the was the papal banner (Pope's flag), consecrated and sent to William from Rome. The banner was described as "a square white banner charged with a gold cross within a blue border."

Before sunset on September 27th, according to William of Poitiers, Duke William's invasion fleet left for England. The Mora led the fleet. Mora carried a lantern on her mast so she could be seen in the dark. A horn also let the other ships know where the Mora was. The Mora was much faster than the other ships. By dawn William found himself in mid-channel, alone, with no other ships in sight. While he waited his servants served him breakfast with wine. Once the others were in sight the fleet proceeded to Pevensey in Sussex. According to Elisabeth van Houts, the meaning of the name is not known although there have been several suggestions. It might be named for the "Morini", ancient inhabitants of Flanders. This is where Matilda was from. The Latin word "mora" has several meanings, none of which seem likely. These range from 'delay' or 'pause' to 'foolish' or 'foolish woman'. Also is the possibility that "Mora" was an anagram of "Amor".

Function space

In mathematics, a function space is a set of functions of a given kind from a set X to a set Y. For example:

Besov space

The Besov space is one of the Banach spaces. It can be used for solving partial differential equations.

Mario and Donkey Kong: Minis on the Move

Mario and Donkey Kong: Minis on the Move is a puzzle video game for the Nintendo 3DS game console. It is the fifth game in the "Mario vs. Donkey Kong" series. It was released on Nintendo's eShop service on May 9, 2013 in Europe and North America, and July 24, 2013 in Japan.

In the main game, the player has to place blocks on a grid with the goal of making a path for a Mini (a small walking robot that looks like Mario or another character in the "Mario" series) to get from a warp pipe to the goal. The player has to avoid obstacles like Shy Guys and spikes. Each level has three colored coins that the player can collect. Collecting all three coins gives the player a star token. Star tokens can be used to unlock more gameplay modes, levels, and toys. There are more than 180 levels in four modes of gameplay. There are also four minigames that can be unlocked.

The game has a level creation mode where the player can create their own levels using pieces from the game. They can also control how often tiles fall. Created levels can be saved and shared using StreetPass after the player is able to complete the level that they have created. The levels can also be shared through Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, where players can download levels created by other players.


John Winthrop

John Winthrop (1588–1649) was the first governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. Winthrop was born in Edwardstone, Suffolk. He was an English lawyer from a rich family. He led a large group of Puritans from England in 1630. Winthrop served as governor to the newly formed Massachusetts Bay Colony and held that position for twelve years. He was one of the chief founders of New England. He saw the colony as a Puritan "City upon a hill" and a model to western Christianity. 


Jacques Cloutier

Jacques Cloutier (born January 3, 1960 in Noranda, Quebec) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender. He currently works as the associate coach for the Calgary Flames.

Before playing in the NHL, Cloutier played 4 seasons in the QMJHL with the Trois Rivieres Draveurs.

He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres with the 55th overall pick in the 1979 NHL Entry draft. He played 144 games with Sabres and 136 games with their AHL affiliate, Rochester Americans. After his time with Sabres, he played 2 seasons with the Chicago Blackhawks and 58 games with the Quebec Nordiques. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1994.

After retiring, Cloutier became the assistant coach of the Cornwall Aces for 2 seasons, the assistant coach for the goaltending coach for the Quebec Nordiques/Colorado Avalanche for 12 seasons and is the current associate coach of the Calgary Flames.

Bluefish

The bluefish (Pomatomus saltatrix) is a kind of fish which occurs in the Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean, the Black Sea, the Indian Ocean and the Pacific. It is a pelagic fish, which means that it lives near the surface of the ocean. They can grow to a size of and reach a weight of . In the wild, they live to be about nine years old. 

Bluefish are predators: they hunt other fish, in small groups. Bluefish are caught commercially, and there is a problem with overfishing. 

Sometimes another species, Rock salmon or Coal fish is erroneously called Bluefish.

It is the only species in the family Pomatomidae, in the genus Pomatomus.

One extinct relative of the bluefish is "Lophar miocaenus", from the Late Miocene of Southern California.

Economic liberalization

Economic liberalization is a theory about applying the ideas of classical liberalism to the government of a state: In very broad terms, it is about removing as much state control as possible from the economy. The state that follows this path often allows privately owned companies to do some things that governments usually do. 


Spitalfields

Spitalfields is an area in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It is near Brick Lane. Many immigrants went to live there in the past.

Barcode reader

A barcode reader or barcode scanner is an electronic input device which is able to scan and decode barcodes. These devices use optical technology such as infrared light. Some readers use an integrated decoder, others have one unit for reading the barcode, and another one to decode the barcode. A barcode reader also called a price scanner or point-of-sale ( POS ) scanner, is a hand-held or stationary input device used to capture and read the information contained in a bar code. A barcode reader consists of a scanner, a decoder (either built-in or external), and a cable used to connect the reader with a computer. Because a barcode reader merely captures and translates the barcode into numbers and/or letters, the data must be sent to a computer so that a software application can make sense of the data. Barcode scanners can be connected to a computer through a serial port, keyboard port, or an interface device called a wedge. A barcode reader works by directing a beam of light across the bar code and measuring the amount of light that is reflected back. The dark bars on a barcode reflect less light than the white spaces between them. The barcode scanner then converts the reflected light energy into electrical energy, which is converted into data by the decoder and forwarded to a computer.

There are five basic barcode readers -- pen wands, slot scanners, Charge-Couple Device ( CCD ) scanners, image scanners, and laser scanners. A pen wand is the simplest barcode reader. It contains no moving parts and is known for its durability and low cost. A pen wand can present a challenge to the user, however, because it has to remain in direct contact with the bar code, must be held at a certain angle, and has to be moved over the bar code at a certain speed. A slot scanner remains stationary and the item with the bar code on it is pulled by hand through the slot. Slot scanners are typically used to scan bar codes on identification cards. A CCD scanner has a better read range than the pen wand and is often used in retail sales. Typically, a CCD scanner has a "gun" type interface and has to be held no more than one inch from the bar code. Each time the bar code is scanned, several readings are taken to reduce the possibility of errors. A disadvantage of the CCD scanner is that it cannot read a bar code that is wider than its input face. An image scanner, also called a camera reader, uses a small video camera to capture an image of the bar code and then uses sophisticated digital image processing techniques to decode the bar code. It can read a bar code from about 3 to 9 inches away and generally costs less than a laser scanner. A laser scanner, either hand-held or stationary, does not have to be close to the bar code in order to do its job. It uses a system of mirrors and lenses to allow the scanner to read the bar code regardless of orientation, and can easily read a bar code up to 24 inches away. To reduce errors, laser scanning may perform up to 500 scans per second. Specialized long-range laser scanners are capable of reading a bar code up to 30 feet away.

Chesapeake Bay Bridge–Tunnel

The Chesapeake Bay Bridge–Tunnel (CBBT) is a combination bridge and tunnel in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is long. It crosses the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay. It connects the Delmarva Peninsula's eastern shore with Virginia Beach and the metropolitan area of Hampton Roads, Virginia.

Diddy Kong Racing

Diddy Kong Racing is a racing video game for the Nintendo 64 game console. It was developed and published by Rareware. It is the first spin-off of the "Donkey Kong Country" series. It was released on November 14, 1997 in North America, and on November 21, 1997 in Japan and Europe.

"Diddy Kong Racing" has gameplay that is similar to "Mario Kart 64". It has an adventure mode with several worlds that have several race tracks, a battle stage, and a race against a boss. Players can choose to use a car, a hovercraft, or a plane, although some tracks make the player use one of those. Each track has boosters that make the player go faster, and balloons that give the player an item that they can use during the race. Players can choose from 10 characters. Two of the game's characters, Conker and Banjo, would later star in their own games. Conker went on to star in "Conker's Bad Fur Day", while Banjo went on to star in "Banjo-Kazooie".

A remake for the Nintendo DS called "Diddy Kong Racing DS" was released on February 5, 2007 in North America and on April 20, 2007 in Europe. It has better graphics and use of the console's touch screen. Banjo and Conker do not appear in it.




Polly Scattergood

Polly Scattergood (born 18 October 1986, Colchester, Essex, England), is a British singer-songwriter. She went to the BRIT School. 

Her first album, "Polly Scattergood", was released by Mute Records in 2009. Her second album "Arrows" was released in October 2013. It took three and a half years to make. The first single from "Arrows", "Wanderlust", was released in April 2013. On January 21 2014 the video for "Subsequently Lost" was posted on Vimeo. She has remixed "Reunion" by M83 and "You Will Find A Way" by Maps.

BRIT School

The London School for Performing Arts & Technology, more commonly known as The BRIT School for Performing Arts & Technology, is a school in Croydon, London, England. It opened in 1991. It is the only free performing arts school in the United Kingdom. OFSTED rated it as 'outstanding'.


The Kooks

The Kooks are a English rock band. They formed in Brighton in 2002. In July 2005 they released their first single, "Eddie's Gun". They are signed to Virgin Records.



Assia Ahhatt

Assia Ahhatt (; born 3 June 1965) is a Ukrainian musician. She plays the violin. She has been a nominee and a winner of many international competitions in Italy and France. She has recorded several songs in which singing and violin were of equal importance.

Ahhatt was born in Kiev, in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. She started to take violin classes at the age of five. She graduated from the National Music Academy in Kiev. She then studied at the Music Academy in Nice, France. She regularly performed in concert halls in Germany, France, Italy and other European countries. She was the soloist of the Ukrainian National Philharmonic. In 1999, she released her debut album "Homo Novus", featuring modern instrumental music. In 2000 a nationwide promo tour of "Homo Novus" took place. Same year, Assia Ahhatt signed a contract with EMI records (Poland). Later Assia signed a contract with Universal Poland, and recorded a song "Where are you now?" with Polish-born Hollywood actor Bogusław Linda. Linda also starred in the video for the above-mentioned song, which instantly became a hit in several European countries. Assia began her career as a singer in 2002. The same year, Assia Ahhatt was signed to a record label, Universal Ukrainian Records. She released an album "Tebe, Anais" (; For You, Anais).

In 2003, she released an album "Shokolad" (; Chocolate), which includes songs in Russian, Polish and French. Her next album was titled "Dysha Bolela" (; Soul Hurt), and was released in 2005. Same year she founded a group "69", and became it’s producer co-songwriter. Assia released the albums "Goryachiy pocelui" (; Hot Kiss) and "I Like It" in 2006. In 2007, she released "Ya lychshaya" (; I Am The Best).

After this, she took a three-year break from her musical career. She did this to focus on her newly born son, Philip. In 2010, Assia released an album "Angeli ne kuryat" (, Angels Don’t Smoke). In 2011, Assia made some changes in her music career by introducing modern violin music, as her main creative direction.

She performed with musicians such as Kurt Elling and trumpet player , and award-winning music composer Eric Serra. Assia Ahhatt records in the leading studios in Europe and the West Lake Studio in Los Angeles, USA. Studios was recorded her debut U.S. single “If only tonight" (2013) that instantly became a hit in America and headed several U.S. Charts:


‘If Only Tonight’ remix, made by legendary DJ Ralphi Rosario became an instant hit in all featuring dance clubs and discos from New York to Miami, L.A., and Honolulu, and, also, was in Billboard’s National Dance Club Chart for several weeks in a raw. 
After the remarkable success of “If Only Tonight” Assia brought her attention to the Latin market.

The next Ahhat’s single, ‘Fiesta in San Juan’, which was recorded ft. Puerto Rican rapper, , is a dynamic dance composition, infused with the sounds of the wonderful violin solo. ‘Fiesta in San Juan’ was again in Billboard’s Latin Tropical Chart, and its remix rapidly approaches Top 10 in Billboard’s National Dance Club Chart.




Marcello Malpighi

Marcello Malpighi (10 March 1628 – 29 November 1694) was an Italian doctor, who gave his name to several physiological features, like the Malpighian tubule system.

Although the microscope was invented early in the 17th century, it was not much used until Robert Hooke improved the instrument. Then Marcello Malpighi, Hooke, Nehemiah Grew and Antonie van Leeuwenhoek had a virtually untried tool in their hands as they began their investigations. 

Working on frogs and extrapolating to humans, Malpighi demonstrated the structure of the lungs, previously thought to be a homogeneous mass of flesh, and he offered an explanation for how air and blood mixed in the lungs. Malpighi also used the microscope for his studies of the skin, kidneys, and liver. For example, after he dissected the body of a black man, Malpighi made some groundbreaking headway into the origin of black skin. He found that the black pigment was associated with a layer of mucus just beneath the skin.

He was the first to see capillaries in animals, and he discovered the link between arteries and veins. He may have been the first person to see this under a microscope. The microscope let Malpighi discover that the silk worm does not use lungs to breathe, but small holes in their skin called spiracles. This turned out to be true of all insects. 

Because Malpighi had a wide knowledge of both plants and animals, and he made contributions to the study of both. The Royal Society in London published two volumes of his botanical and zoological works in 1675 and 1679. Another edition followed in 1687, and a supplementary volume in 1697. In his autobiography, Malpighi speaks of his "Anatome Plantarum", decorated with the engravings of Robert White (1645–1703) as "the most elegant format in the whole literate world". 

M83

M83 is a French electronic music band. They formed in 2001. The band is named after a spiral galaxy. They have released eight albums. Their seventh album is the soundtrack to the science fiction movie "Oblivion".


Artisan

An artisan is a skilled worker who makes things with his or her hands. The things artisans make can be either for use or for decoration. Some of the things they make are furniture, sculpture, clothing, jewellery, household items, and tools. 

Sometimes artisans make things by hand that are usually made by machine today. The hand-made items can be called "artisanal". Some of those items are food products, including bread, beverages or cheese.

Ragnar Frisch

Ragnar Anton Kittil Frisch (3 March 1895 – 31 January 1973) was an Norwegian economist. He won the first Nobel Prize in Economics with Jan Tinbergen in 1969.

Frisch was born on 3 March 1895 in Christiania, Norway. He studied at the University of Oslo. 

He was also the co-winner with Jan Tinbergen of the first Nobel Prize in Economics in 1969 for his works with econometrics.

He is known for having founded the discipline of econometrics, and in 1933 to have created the widely used term pair macroeconomics/microeconomics.

Frisch was married to Marie Smedal from 1920 until her death in 1952. Then he was remarried to Astrid Johannessen from 1953 until his death in 1973. Frisch had one daughter with Smedal. 

Frisch died on 31 January 1973 in Oslo, Norway from a stroke, aged 77.


Jan Tinbergen

Jan Tinbergen (April 12, 1903 – June 9, 1994) was a Dutch economist. He won the first Nobel Prize in Economics with Ragnar Frisch.

Tinbergen was born on April 12, 1903 at The Hague. He studied at Leiden University.

He was awarded the first Nobel Prize in Economics in 1969. He shared the award with Ragnar Frisch for having developed and applied dynamic models for the analysis of economic processes. Tinbergen was a founding trustee of Economists for Peace and Security.

Tinbergen’s econometric picture lead to a debate between other several known economists such as J.M. Keynes, Ragnar Frisch and Milton Friedman. The debate is sometimes called the Tinbergen debate.

Tinbergen was never married. He also had no children. He died on June 9, 1994 at The Hague from natural causes, aged 91. Niko Tinbergen is his brother.



Richard Stone

Sir John Richard Nicholas Stone (30 August 1913 – 6 December 1991) was a British economist. He won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1984.

Stone was born on 30 August 1913 in London, England. He studied at the Cambridge University. 

In 1984, Stone received the Nobel Prize in Economics. He won the Nobel Prize for developing an accounting model that could be used to track economic activities on a national and, later, an international scale. 

He is sometimes known as the 'father of national income accounting', and is the author of studies of consumer demand statistics and demand modeling, economic growth, and input-output.

Stone was married to Winifred Mary Jenkins from 1936 until they divorced in 1940. Then he was married to Feodora Leontinoff from 1941 until her death in 1956. Then he was married to Giovanna Croft-Murray Saffi from 1960 until his death in 1991. Stone had one daughter, Caroline Stone.

Stone died on 6 December 1991 in Cambridge, England from pneumonia, aged 78.



Harry Markowitz

Harry Max Markowitz (August 24, 1927 – June 22, 2023) was an American economist of Jewish descent. He received the 1989 John von Neumann Theory Prize and the 1990 Nobel Prize in Economics.

Markowitz was born on August 24, 1927 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Chicago.

Markowitz was a professor of finance at the Rady School of Management at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD). He is best known for his pioneering work in Modern Portfolio Theory, studying the effects of asset risk, return, correlation and diversification on probable investment portfolio returns.

Markowitz won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1990.

Markowitz died from pneumonia and sepsis, in San Diego, California, on June 22, 2023, at the age of 95.


Birinus

Birinus ( 650), also St. Birinus was a missionary to Wessex and the first Bishop of Dorchester. His is celebrated on December 3rd. 

Birinus may have been a Lombard by birth. He was sent by Pope Honorius I to help convert pagans in Anglo-Saxon England. The pope first sent him to Genoa. There 
Archbishop Asterius of Milan consecrated Birinus as a bishop. Birinus arrived in southern Britain . He had planned to go to the midlands of England to preach there. But when he found the Gewisse in Wessex were completely pagan, he decided to stay with them. He began to convert the Gewisse (West Saxons) to Christianity. In 635 King Cynegils of Wessex was baptized by Birinus and King Oswald of Northumbria agreed to be his Godfather. This may have been a condition of the marriage between Oswald and Cynegils's daughter, Cyneburh. He gave Bishop Birinus the city of Dorchester and several churches so he could convert the pagans in Wessex. 
In Birinus founded a church at Winchester which later became Winchester Cathedral. Birinus died in 650. He was buried at Dorchester. 

After 660 there were no more West Saxon Bishops at Dorchester. Along with part of Berkshire it was taken over by Mercia. The new see for Wessex was now at Winchester. Some time around 690–700 Bishop Hedda of Winchester had the relics (bones) of St. Birinus moved from Dorchester to Winchester. Up to this time Bishop Birinus had been considered a minor saint. In 1223 monks of Dorchester abbey located the tomb of a former Bishop. The body was dressed in the garments and tunic of a bishop so they believed it was St. Birinus. At the time of the discovery miracles were claimed. One claim was that a dumb child could suddenly speak English and French. The monks sent their findings to Rome. The pope wrote to Stephen Langton, the Archbishop of Canterbury asking him to manage the translation. But a problem caused the ceremony to be delayed. Archbishop Langton discovered the body had already been moved to Winchester . Both Dorchester and Winchester claimed to have the relics of Bishop Birinus. For that reason two feast days were observed for him, December 3rd and 4th. The Catholic Church recognizes December 3rd. A shrine was created for him in the 14th century. It was later destroyed, but it has been rebuilt since.

Mechi Zone

Mechi (), was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal and one of the four zones of Eastern Development Region. It was the easternmost zone of Nepal, with its headquarters at Ilam.

The Mechi Zone had Sikkim and West Bengal (India) to the east, Bihar (India) to the south, the Koshi Zone to the west and the Tibet Autonomous Region (People's Republic of China) to the north.

It was the smallest zone of the Eastern Development Region with an area of and a population of only 1,422,182 people living there in 2011. Its population density is 173.5 persons/km.

The most important river in the Mechi Zone is the Mechi, tributary of the Mahananda River. Another river is the Tamar River.

In the northern part of the zone, mainly in the Taplejung district that is in the eastern Himalayas, there are several high mountains. The highest is Kanchenjunga () that, with high, is the third highest mountain of the world; it is on the border with Sikkim and in the Kanchanjungha Conservation Area.

The zone had 4 Districts and 190 Village Development Committees/Municipalities (VDC - the smallest administrative units):

The VDCs and municipalities with more inhabitants are found in the Jhapa district, mainly the municipalities of Damak (75,102) and Mechinagar (57,545); others in the same district are Anarmani (42,712), Surunga (27,470) and Satasidham (26,171).

In the Ilam district, the main VDCs and municipalities are the municipality of Ilam (18,633), Chulachuli (17,324), Danabari (14,302), Phikal Bazar (11,264).

In the Panchthar district, the only important VCS is Phidim (17,399), and in the Taplejung district is Phungling (14,974).



Kellita Smith

Kellita Smith (born January 15, 1969) is an American actress, voice talent and comedian. She was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Jeremy Suarez

Jeremy Steven Suarez (born July 6, 1990) is an American actor. He was born in Burbank, California.

Camille Winbush

Camille Simoine Winbush (born February 9, 1990) is an American actor, voice talent and comedian. She was born in Culver City, California. She is perhaps best known for acting in "The Bernie Mac Show".

Dee Dee Davis

Dee Dee Davis (born April 17, 1996) is an American actor, voice talent and comedienne. She was born in Culver City, California.

The Bernie Mac Show

The Bernie Mac Show is an American comedy, drama and family television series. It is rated PG. It aired from 2001 to 2006.



Keegan-Michael Key

Keegan-Michael Key (born March 22, 1971) is an American actor and comedian.

Key was born in Southfield, Michigan. He and Jordan Peele have a comedy show on "MADtv".

Jordan Peele

Jordan Peele (born February 21, 1979) is an American actor, comedian, director, producer and writer.

Peele directed and wrote the 2017 horror movie "Get Out", for which he won an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.

Peele was born on February 21, 1979, in New York City and raised by a single mother on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. He graduated from the Calhoun School and attended Sarah Lawrence College in Yonkers, New York. He dropped out of college after two years to pursue comedy.

Peele joined the cast of the sketch comedy show MADtv in 2003. He became friends with fellow cast member Keegan Michael-Key. The two became a comedy duo, and later co-starred in their own sketch show, Key & Peele.

As Filmmaker

Bobby Lee

Robert "Bobby" Lee, Jr. (born September 17, 1971) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, singer, dancer, voice artist, and comedian, best known for his work on "MADtv".

He was born in San Diego, California.


Donkey Kong Jr.

Donkey Kong Jr. is an arcade video game made by Nintendo in 1982. It is the sequel to "Donkey Kong". The game was ported to many home video game consoles, including the NES, Atari 2600, Atari 7800, and ColecoVision. It was released for the Wii's Virtual Console in 2006. It was later released for the Nintendo 3DS from the Nintendo eShop service in 2012.

Donkey Kong Jr. (also called Junior or DK Jr.) has to rescue his father Donkey Kong from Mario. The player has to go through four stages; each of which have a different theme. To move through the stage, DK Jr. can climb vines/chains/ropes. He can go down faster by holding only one vine, or go up faster by holding two of them. He has to avoid enemies that are in each stage. To complete the first three stages, DK Jr. has to reach the key at the top. In the fourth stage, he has to push six keys into locks near the top of the stage. After the player completes all four stages, the game goes back to the first stage and is more difficult.


Donkey Kong Barrel Blast

Donkey Kong Barrel Blast, known as Donkey Kong Jet Race in Europe and Australia and as Donkey Kong Barrel Jet Race in Japan, is a racing video game for the Wii game console. It was released in Japan on June 28, 2007, in North America on October 8, 2007, in Europe on January 25, 2008, and in Australia on February 7, 2008. It was originally going to be released on the Nintendo GameCube and was going to use the DK Bongos, but was moved to the Wii.

"Donkey Kong Barrel Blast" is a racing game where the player controls their character with the Wii Remote and Nunchuk. To move their character, the player has to shake the Wii Remote and Nunchuk, lift them at the same time to jump, and use the controller's motion sensor to beat their opponents and use items. The main mode of play is a Grand Prix like the one seen in the "Mario Kart" series. There is also a Time Trial mode where players can race on one track without opponents.


Jan Swammerdam

Jan Swammerdam (12 February 1637 – 17 February 1680) was a Dutch biologist and microscopist. His work on insects showed that the stages an insect life – egg, larva, pupa, and adult – are different forms of the same animal. He did experiments on muscle contraction. In 1658, he was the first to observe and describe red blood cells. He was one of the first people to use the microscope in dissections, and his techniques remained useful for hundreds of years.

Knowledge of insects in the 17th century was to a great extent inherited from Aristotle. Swammerdam dissected insects and studied them under microscopes.

Swammerdam showed that insects develop in the same gradual manner as do other animals. He wanted to dispel the seventeenth-century idea that different life stages of an insect (e.g. caterpillar and butterfly) were different individuals. 

He got evidence from his dissections. By examining larvae, he identified adult features in pre-adult animals. For example, he noticed that the wings of dragonflies and mayflies exist before their final molt. Swammerdam used these observations in his 1669 publication, "Historia Insectorum Generalis" (The Natural History of Insects). This work included many descriptions of insect anatomy. It was here that Swammerdam revealed that the "king" bee has ovaries. "Biblia natura" published posthumously in 1737, carried the first confirmation that the queen bee is the sole mother of the colony. Despite five intense years of beekeeping, the mode of honey bee reproduction escaped him as he wrote, "I do not believe the male bees actually copulate with the females."

Ms. Pac-Man

Ms. Pac-Man is an arcade video game made by Midway Manufacturing (now Midway Games). It was released one year after "Pac-Man", on January 13, 1982. It became one of the most popular video games of all-time after its release. This led Namco to make the game an official title in the "Pac-Man" series. It has a female character, new mazes, and changes in gameplay from "Pac-Man". It is most successful American-made arcade game, selling 115,000 arcade cabinets.

"Ms. Pac-Man" plays similarly to "Pac-Man". The player has to move Ms. Pac-Man, a yellow disc, around a maze. The goal is to eat all of the yellow pellets (circles) while not getting caught by the ghosts. The player can get more points by eating fruits that appear. When Ms. Pac-Man eats a white pellet, the ghosts turn blue. The player can eat them for points. The game has 256 stages. Like "Pac-Man", the 256th level cannot be finished because of a problem with the creation of the game.

The game has gameplay changes from the original "Pac-Man". They include:


M61 Vulcan

M61 Vulcan is a hydraulic and pneumatic autocannon. It has six barrels. It is cooled by air and fires by the power of electricity. It is a Gatling-style rotary cannon. The size of its caliber is 20 mm. It has a very high rate of fire. It has been the main gun of United States military fixed-wing aircraft since the late 1960s and is also used elsewhere. It was made by General Electric at first, and later by General Dynamics.

First Presbyterian Church (Trenton, New Jersey)

The First Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Trenton, New Jersey, United States. It is located at 120 East State Street. The church building was built in 1726. During the American Revolutionary War the British Trenton. They used the church as a stable to keep their horses. It was repaired when they left. In 1804 the old stone church was taken down. A new church of all brick was completed in 1805. The church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

The church graveyard is the burial place of at least two Revolutionary War notables. Colonel Johann Rall, Commander of the Hessians forces defeated by General George Washington. He died just after the Battle of Trenton. John Rosbrugh, was killed at the Battle of the Assunpink Creek (Second Battle of Trenton). He was the first U.S. chaplain killed in battle. The inventor of the steamboat, John Fitch, was a member of the congregation at First Presbyterian.

Feather River

The Feather River is a river in Northern California in the United States. It is a tributary of the Sacramento River. The river originates in the Sierra Nevada mountains and is long, flowing in a general southward direction.

The river is an important source of drinking and irrigation water for California. The Oroville Dam is located on the river, near the city of Oroville.



American River

The American River is a river in northern California in the United States. It is a tributary of the Sacramento River. The river starts in the Sierra Nevada and flows west through the city of Sacramento. The river is long with a watershed of .

Folsom Dam and Folsom Lake are located on the American river east of Sacramento.


John Rosbrugh

Rev. John Rosbrugh (c. 1714–1777) (also spelled Rosborough and Rosburgh) was a graduate of the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University). He was ordained a Presbyterian minister. In 1776 he organized and commanded the 3rd Northampton County, Pennsylvania . He then then accepted a commission as company chaplain. He was killed at the Battle of the Assunpink Creek, also known as the Second Battle of Trenton. Rosbrugh was the first U.S. chaplain ever killed in battle.

John Rosbrugh was born in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. He to the United States along with his older brother, William. The family was originally from Craigie, County Ayrshire, Scotland. His ancestors went to Ireland during the settling of the Ulster Plantation. In 1733 his young wife Sarah died in childbirth along with their only child. He was a tradesman but well enough educated to prepare himself for college.

He attended the College of New Jersey where he graduated in 1761. He was licensed to preach in August of 1763. In October 1764 he was sent to the congregations of Greenwich, Oxford, and Mansfield Woodhouse, all in western New Jersey. In December 1764 he became a Presbyterian minister. By 1765, he was asked to serve neighboring congregations in Upper and Lower Hardwick in Warren County, New Jersey. In 1766, Rev. Rosbrugh married Jane Ralston. She was the daughter of James Ralston of East Allen Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania. It was then called 'the Irish Settlement.' In 1769 Rev. Rosbrugh was called to serve at the church at Allen Township. This was the same congregation his wife was from. He became their permanent minister. For seven years, he led his congregation in Allen township.

At the start of the American Revolutionary War, news was often read to congregations in their churches. It was one of the main forms of communication at the time. On December 10, 1776, General George Washington called out the militia of Pennsylvania. He wrote to the colonels of the militias of Northampton and Bucks counties asking them and their men to join him as quickly as possible. Rev. Rosebrugh read General Washington's letter to his congregation. The men of the congregation formed a company of militia and agreed to go to war "if" Rev. Rosbrugh would lead them. He had expected to accompany them as their chaplain but reluctantly agreed to lead them. John Rosbrugh took his place at the head of the company and slinging his musket over his shoulder led the company to join General Washington and the Continental Army in Philadelphia.

While in Philadelphia, Rev. Rosbrugh was given a commission as a Chaplain. Captain John Hays took his place as company commander. A chaplain at that time held the rank of major and pay of thirty-three and a half dollars per month. Presbyterian ministers, however, were particularly hated by the British and if captured suffered cruel treatment. Rev. Rosbrugh’s company joined the rest of the Northampton county militia in camp. Rosbrugh also met with his brother-in-law, John Ralston, a member of the Second Continental Congress. The 3rd Battalion was under the command of General Israel Putnam. He had orders to cross the Delaware on the 25th of December in support of Washington’s surprise attack on Trenton. However General Putnam decided not to cross due to weather conditions. So Rev. Rosbrugh’s battalion remained in Philadelphia. After General Washington crossed back to Pennsylvania he decided to take Trenton a second time. This time the 3rd Northampton militia was included. The battle was called the second battle of Trenton or the battle of Assinpink creek.

On the afternoon of January 2nd the Americans were preparing their positions for the upcoming battle. Rev. John Rosbrugh was dining at a public house when a warning was shouted that Hessians were coming. Going outside he found his horse had been taken. He tried to get back to the American lines which were on the other side of Assunpink Creek. But he was suddenly confronted by a company of Hessians under the command of a British officer. He surrendered but they recognized him as a Presbyterian minister. The Hessians him to death. They took his watch and money then left his body naked in the snow. Captain Hays, the company commander, recovered the body and quickly buried him where he fell. The next morning Rev. George Duffield, a brother Presbyterian chaplain moved Rev. Rosbrugh's body to the nearby graveyard of the First Presbyterian Church of Trenton. It is believed he still rests there today. His widow, Jane (née Ralston) survived him by 32 years. She was buried in the East Allen Township cemetery, the inscription on her tombstone indicating her husband John is buried beside her.

About 1766, John Rosbrugh married secondly, Jane Ralston (1739–1809). She was the daughter of James Ralston of the Irish Settlement or Allen Township, PA. John and Jane had five children:<br>



Grand Coulee Dam

The Grand Coulee Dam is a dam on the Columbia River in the United States state of Washington. The dam forms Lake Franklin D. Roosevelt. The dam was built between 1933 and 1942, with a new power plant added between 1997 and 1974. The dam is operated by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.

Grand Coulee Dam is high and long. The lake behind it can hold more than of water.

The dam provides water for agriculture in Central Washington. Water is pumped from Lake Roosevelt to Banks Lake, located in the Grand Coulee. From there it runs by gravity to irrigate about of fertile farmland. Incorporated in the late 1940s and early 1950s, this scheme is known as the Columbia Basin Project.

Grand Coulee also produces hydroelectricity. In fact, it is the largest electric-power producing facility in the United States. At full load the dam can produce 6,809 megawatts or enough for 5 million typical American households. The dam was an important source of power for factories during World War II. Today, it provides much of the cheap electric power for the Pacific Northwest.

Among other benefits include flood control for the lower Columbia River and recreational boating and fishing on Lake Roosevelt.

As a consequence of the dam's construction, the reservoir flooded large tracts of Native American lands. Salmon can no longer migrate to the upper Columbia River system.


Gerry Desjardins

Gerard Ferdinand Desjardins (born July 22, 1944 in Noëlville, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender.

Before playing in the NHL, Desjardins played 2 seasons in the CPHL with the Houston Apollos.

He joined the Los Angeles Kings in 1968 but first played a season in the AHL for the Cleveland Barons. He played 2 seasons with the Kings and joined the Chicago Black Hawks where he played for 3 years. After his time with the Black Hawks was over, he went and played for the New York Islanders for 2 seasons and the Buffalo Sabres for 4 years. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1978.


Eugene O'Neill

Eugene Gladstone O'Neill (October 16, 1888 – November 27, 1953) was an American playwright. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1936. He won four Pulitzer Prizes throughout the 1920s and one even after his death in 1957.

O'Neill was born on October 16, 1888 in a hotel room in New York City, New York. He studied at Princeton University and at Harvard University. O'Neill's parents were immigrants from Ireland.

O'Neill's best-known stage works include, "Anna Christie" (for which he won the Pulitzer Prize, 1922), "Desire Under the Elms" (1924), "Strange Interlude" (for which he won the Pulitzer Prize, 1928), "Mourning Becomes Electra" (1931), and his only well-known comedy, "Ah, Wilderness!" (1933).

O'Neill won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1936. He won four Pulitzer Prize for Drama for his works on stage.

O'Neill was married to Kathleen Jenkins from 1909 until they divorced in 1911. They had one son. Then, he was married to Agnes Boulton from 1918 until they divorced in 1929. They had one son and one daughter. A granddaughter from this marriage is the actress Geraldine Chaplin.

After this divorce, he was married to Carlotta Monterey from 1929 until his death in 1953. O'Neill was an Agnostic.

O'Neill was a anarchist socialist.

O'Neill died on November 27, 1953 at a hotel room in Boston, Massachusetts from cerebellar cortical atrophy, a neurological disease. He was 65 years old. As he was dying, he whispered his last words: "I knew it. I knew it. Born in a hotel room and died in a hotel room."



All Is Lost

All Is Lost is a 2013 American survival-adventure movie directed by J. C. Chandor. It only stars Robert Redford as a lost man at sea. The movie has almost no dialogue. It was released to positive reviews on October 18, 2013.

127 Hours

127 Hours is a 2010 American biographical drama movie directed by Danny Boyle. It stars James Franco as real-life canyoneer Aron Ralston, who became trapped by a boulder in Blue John Canyon, southeastern Utah, in April 2003. It received positive reviews, especially from Roger Ebert, Richard Roeper, and Peter Travers. It was released on November 12, 2010.

Rush (2013 movie)

Rush is an American-British 2013 biographical-drama movie written and directed by Ron Howard. It is based on the true events about racecar drivers James Hunt and Niki Lauda. It stars Chris Hemsworth, Daniel Brühl, and Olivia Wilde. It was released to positive reviews on September 20, 2013.
$38,000,000 US Budget.
$69,690,069 WorldWide Gross 😝 

The Simpsons: Road Rage

The Simpsons: Road Rage is a 2001 action-adventure video game based on the animated television show "The Simpsons". It was released for the Nintendo GameCube, Xbox, Playstation 2 and Game Boy Advance. It is similar to the game "Crazy Taxi", in that the player has to pick up people and drive them to where they want to go as fast as they can.

Cut the Rope (video game)

Cut the Rope is a puzzle video game released by ZeptoLab. In it, the player must cut a series of ropes with their finger to feed a small creature named Om Nom a piece of candy. Once you have fed him the candy, the next level is unlocked. The game has been downloaded over 100 million times. The spin off games have also being released: Cut the Rope: Holiday Gift (2010), Cut the Rope: Experiments (2011), Cut the Rope: Time Travel (2013) Cut the Rope 2 (2013) and My Om Nom (2014 for Apple App Store and 2015 for Google Play Store).

In each level, the candy hangs by one or several of the titular ropes which the player must cut with a swipe of their finger using the device's touchscreen. Using various objects such as floating bubbles and bellows, the candy must also be manipulated around obstacles to get to Om Nom's mouth.
Each level takes place in a box, Which there are different boxes, (such as the cardboard box, the fabric box and the foil box) More boxes will be added soon.

Each level pack introduces new challenges. Levels are scored with a zero to three star rating, Like Angry Birds. according to how many stars the player picked up, and a point score depending on the number of stars collected and the amount of time taken to complete the level. In-app purchases, such as "Superpowers" and "Hints", and "Magnets" make play easier.


United States invasion of Panama

The United States Invasion of Panama, codenamed Operation Just Cause, was the invasion of Panama by the United States in December 1989 and January 1990. This operation was done during the administration of U.S. President George H. W. Bush, and ten years after the Torrijos–Carter Treaties. By this treaty, it was accepted that the United States should give up control of the Panama Canal to Panama by 1 January 2000. 

During the invasion, the Panamanian leader, general and dictator Manuel Noriega was removed from his position and the elected president Guillermo Endara took control of the office. The Panamanian Defense Force was dissolved.

St Jude storm

The St. Jude Storm also known as Cyclone Christian, was a severe European windstorm that hit Northwestern Europe from 27 October 2013 to 28 October 2013. The storm caused 17 deaths. Winds of up to 80–90 mph (130–145 km/h) were forecast for southern England, but the highest windspeed was in Denmark, where a gust of 120.8 mph (194.4 km/h) was recorded in the south of the country on the afternoon of 28 October, the strongest wind recorded in the country's history. Damage occurred in Denmark, Belgium, Germany, Netherlands, and United Kingdom.

Relative atomic mass

A relative atomic mass (also called atomic weight; symbol: "A") is a measure of how heavy atoms are. It is the ratio of the average mass per atom of an element from a given sample to 1/12 the mass of a carbon-12 atom. In other words, a relative atomic mass tells you the number of times an average atom of an element from a given sample is heavier than one-twelfth of an atom of carbon-12. The word "relative" in relative atomic mass refers to this scaling relative to carbon-12. Relative atomic mass values are ratios; relative atomic mass is a dimensionless quantity. Relative atomic mass is the same as "atomic weight", which is the older term.

The number of protons an atom has determines what element it is. However, most elements in nature consist of atoms with different numbers of neutrons. An atom of an element with a certain number of neutrons is called an isotope. For example, the element thallium has two common isotopes: thallium-203 and thallium-205. Both isotopes of thallium have 81 protons, but thallium-205 has 124 neutrons, 2 more than thallium-203, which has 122. Each isotope has its own mass, called its isotopic mass. A relative isotopic mass is the mass of an isotope relative to 1/12 the mass of a carbon-12 atom. The relative isotopic mass of an isotope is roughly the same as its mass number, which is the number of protons and neutrons in the nucleus. Like relative atomic mass values, relative isotopic mass values are ratios with no units.

We can find the relative atomic mass of a sample of an element by working out the abundance-weighted mean of the relative isotopic masses. For example, if a sample of thallium is made up of 30% thallium-203 and 70% thallium-205,

Two samples of an element that consists of more than one isotope, collected from two widely spaced sources on Earth, are expected to have slightly different relative atomic masses. This is because the proportions of each isotope are slightly different at different locations.

A standard atomic weight is the mean value of relative atomic masses of a number of normal samples of the element. Standard atomic weight values are published at regular intervals by the Commission on Isotopic Abundances and Atomic Weights of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC). The standard atomic weight for each element is on the periodic table.

Often, the term relative atomic mass is used to mean standard atomic weight. This is not quite correct, because relative atomic mass is a less specific term that refers to individual samples. Individual samples of an element could have a relative atomic mass different to the standard atomic weight for the element. For example, a sample from another planet could have a relative atomic mass very different to the standard Earth-based value.

Relative atomic mass is not the same as:

Rodrigo López

Roderigo López (1525 – June 7, 1594) was a physician of Portuguese background. He was tried and executed for trying to poison Elizabeth I. He is believed to be the inspiration for Shakespeare's character Shylock in "The Merchant of Venice".

López was born into a family of Jewish origin in Portugal. He graduated from university with a degree in medicine. He went to England where he was appointed chief physician to Elizabeth I in 1586. He knew powerful men at court, and grew rich and respected. He was involved in various court intrigues until convicted of plotting to poison the Queen. He was hanged, drawn and quartered. 

Several contemporaries make reference to the trial and execution. Christopher Marlowe mentions it in "Doctor Faustus" as do Thomas Dekker in "Whore of Babylon" and Thomas Middleton in "A Game at Chess". It is possible that Shylock in Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice" was inspired by López. 

Queen Elizabeth I’s physician, Roderigo Lopez, was tried and executed for allegedly plotting to kill the queen in 1594. As a Portuguese double agent, ‘Doctor Lopez a Jew’ was said to have conspired with the Spanish, England’s enemies at that time. He was accused of attempting to kill the Portuguese King Antonio and ‘take away Queene Elizabeths life by poyson’, in return for ‘fifty thousand Crowns’

Arletty

Arletty (15 May 1898 – 24 July 1992) was a French actress, singer, and model. She played Garance in the French movie "Les Enfants du Paradis".

Les Enfants du Paradis

Les Enfants du Paradis ("Children of Paradise") is a French romantic drama movie. It was written by Jacques Prévert and directed by Marcel Carné and released in 1945. It stars Arletty as French courtesan Garance. She is loved by four men: a street mime, an actor, a criminal, and an aristocrat. The story is set among the lower class theatres of Paris between 1820 and 1840. Garance is courted by four men but leaves them all because they will not allow her to love in her own way. The three hour film has been described as France's "Gone with the Wind".

Dave Dryden

David Murray Dryden (September 5, 1941 – October 4, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. Dryden was known for the distinction of creating (as well as being the first goaltender to employ) the modern day goaltending mask consisting of a fiberglass mask with a cage.

Before playing in the NHL, Dryden played 2 seasons in the OHA playing for the Toronto St. Michael's.

In the NHL, he played for the New York Rangers, Chicago Black Hawks, Buffalo Sabres and Edmonton Oilers. Dryden faced his brother Ken in a game between his Sabres and the Montreal Canadiens. It was the only time in the history of the NHL that brothers opposed each other as goalies.

Dryden was the goalie against whom Wayne Gretzky scored his first professional goal. During his time in the WHA, he played for the Chicago Cougars and Edmonton Oilers. He won the Ben Hatskin Trophy as the WHA's top goaltender, and the Gordie Howe Trophy as league MVP.

Since retiring from playing professional ice hockey in 1979, he became the chair person of Sleeping Children Around the World charity which was founded by his father and provides bed kits to children in developing countries.

On October 4, 2022, Dryden died at his home in Oakville, Ontario from a disease known as chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension.

Michel Dumas

Michel Joseph Dumas (born July 8, 1949) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He currently works as a chief amateur scout for the Chicago Blackhawks.

Before playing in the NHL, Dumas played 2 games with the Oklahoma City Blazers and 3 seasons with the Dallas Black Hawks of the CHL. He also played 2 seasons in the IHL with the Dayton Gems.

He was called up to play for the Chicago Black Hawks for 3 games and went back down to the play 1 season for the Dallas Black Hawks again. He was called up again by the Black Hawks but he only played 5 games as his career was cut short due to an eye injury he suffered in a game against the Colorado Rockies in 1976.

He was hired by the Black Hawks tin 1977 to be an amateur scout, and was then promoted to be their chief amateur scout in the 1992–93 season.


IPad Air

The iPad Air is the fifth type of iPad made by Apple Inc. It was announced at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on October 22, 2013. It first came with iOS 7 installed on it and was upgraded to other versions later. The iPad Air contains the 64-bit Apple A7 processor and another M7 coprocessor. Apple released the iPad Air on November 1, 2013. It cannot be upgraded past iOS 12.

The iPad Air is 7.5 millimeters thick, which is thinner than both the iPad 2 and the iPad Mini. It has a smaller screen bezel which looks like the one on the iPad Mini. However, it still uses the same 9.7-inch Retina Display as the previous iPad model. 

Its successor, the iPad Air 2, was announced on October 16, 2014.

The iPad Air can run iOS 12. It can act as a mobile hotspot, sharing its internet connection over Wifi, USB, or Bluetooth. It can have access to the App Store, where users can buy and download mobile applications onto their device.

Universal Mobile Telecommunications System

The Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS) is a third generation mobile cellular system for networks. It is based on the GSM standard and is part of the International Telecommunications Union IMT-2000 standard set. UMTS is developed and maintained by the 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project). It uses wideband code division multiple access (W-CDMA) radio access technology so that users can transfer information faster.

Marinade

Marination is the process of soaking foods in a liquid before cooking. The idea is to add flavour, and to tenderize tougher cuts of meat.

The liquid in question, the 'marinade', may be acidic (made with ingredients such as vinegar, lemon juice, or wine) or enzymatic (made with ingredients such as pineapple, papaya or kiwifruit). In addition to these ingredients, a marinade often contains oils, herbs, and spices to further flavour the food.

The process may last seconds or days. Different marinades are used in different cuisines. For example, in Indian cuisine the marinade is usually prepared with a mixture of blends.

Hôtel Ritz Paris

The Hôtel Ritz is a grand hotel in the heart of Paris in the Place Vendôme. The hotel is ranked highly among the most prestigious and luxurious hotels in the world and is a member of "The Leading Hotels of the World".

The hotel has 159 rooms. It was founded by the Swiss hotelier, César Ritz, in collaboration with the chef Auguste Escoffier in 1898. The new hotel was constructed behind the façade of a Town house from the 18th-century. It overlooks one of the central squares in Paris.

It was one of the first hotels in Europe to provide a bathroom "en suite", a telephone and electricity for each room. It established a reputation for luxury. The clients have included royalty, politicians, writers, film stars and singers. Several of its suites are named in honour of famous guests of the hotel, for example Coco Chanel and Ernest Hemingway who lived at the hotel for years. One of the bars of the hotel, "Bar Hemingway", is devoted to Hemingway.

The Ritz has the reputation of being the most expensive hotel in Paris. The rooms as of May 2011 started at €850 a night. Suites start at €3,600 and cost up to €13,900 a night for the most expensive ones (the "Suite Impériale" is the most expensive). The Ritz employs more than 600 people.

"L'Espadon" is a world-renowned restaurant. It attracts aspiring chefs from all over the world who come to learn at the nearby Ritz-Escoffier School. The cuisine is run by the award-winning chef Michel Roth, the ninth head chef of the hotel. The restaurant was awarded a second star by the 2009 edition of the influential Michelin Red Guide.

During the Second World War, the German Luftwaffe used the hotel as local headquarters in Paris. The son of César Ritz, Charles, died in 1976. The last members of the Ritz family who owned the hotel sold it to the Egyptian businessman Mohamed Al-Fayed in 1979. In August 1997, Diana, Princess of Wales and Al-Fayed's son, Dodi, dined in the hotel's Imperial Suite before their fatal car crash.

The hotel is being entirely renovated. It has been closed since 1 August 2012 and will open its doors in March 2016, after a delay of nearly two years. Because of its status as a symbol of high society and luxury, the hotel has featured in many novels (for example F. Scott Fitzgerald's "Tender Is The Night" and Hemingway's "The Sun Also Rises"),
a play (Noël Coward's "Semi-Monde"), and films (such as Billy Wilder's 1957 comedy "Love in the Afternoon" and William Wyler's 1966 comedy "How to Steal a Million").

Christian Gottfried Ehrenberg

Christian Gottfried Ehrenberg (19 April 1795 – 27 June 1876) was a German naturalist, zoologist, comparative anatomist, geologist, and microscopist. He was one of the most famous and productive scientists of his time.

Ehrenberg was appointed professor of medicine at Berlin University in 1827. In 1829 he accompanied Alexander von Humboldt through eastern Russia to the Chinese frontier. After his return he began to concentrate his studies on microscopic organisms, which then were not much studied.

For nearly 30 years Ehrenberg examined samples of water, soil, sediment, blowing dust and rock and described thousands of new species, among them well-known flagellates such as Euglena, ciliates such as "Paramecium aurelia" and "Paramecium caudatum", and many fossils, in nearly 400 scientific publications. He was particularly interested in a unicellular group of protists called diatoms, but he also studied, and named, many species of radiolaria, foraminifera and dinoflagellates.

These researches built up our knowledge of the microorganisms of certain geological formations, especially of the chalk, and of the marine and freshwater accumulations. Until Ehrenberg took up the study it was not known that considerable masses of rock were composed of minute forms of animals or plants. He also demonstrated that the phosphorescence of the sea was due to organisms.

He was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1836 and a foreign member of the Royal Society of London from 1837. In 1839, he won the Wollaston Medal, the highest award granted by the Geological Society of London. He continued until late in life to investigate the microscopic organisms of the deep sea and of various geological formations. He died in Berlin on 27 June 1876.

After his death in 1876, his collections of microscopic organisms were deposited in the Humboldt Museum at the University of Berlin. The "Ehrenberg Collection" includes 40,000 microscope preparations, 5,000 raw samples, 3,000 pencil and ink drawings, and nearly 1,000 letters of correspondence. His collection of scorpions, and other arachnids from the Middle East, is also held in the Berlin Museum.

Afro-Haitians

Afro-Haitians or Black Haitians, are Haitian people whose ancestors were Africans. Most Afro-Haitians are descended from West African slaves. The slaves were brought over to work in plantations, mainly for sugar canes.

The vast majority (about 90%) of Haitians are of African descent. Of them, about 25-30% are of mixed race or mulatto.

Haiti, just like in any region in the Americas, received slaves from all over West and Central Africa. Although Haitian slaves were from all over Africa, the most common were Kongos from the Congo region, and Ewe and Fon tribes of current-day Benin or Togo. There was also a lot of Igbo people from Nigeria.

Haitian Voodoo is obviously from the Fon people of Benin, when they came in large numbers as slaves to work in plantations as maids, farmers, and sugar cane cutters have kept their traditions strong and alive till this day after 300 years away from their original home.

The African influence can also be seen in the language Haitians use to speak; Haitian Creole is a French-based language with strong African influence in the phonetics, vocabulary, syntax, grammar, pronunciations. There are many words of African origin used in every day speech. Haitian food is mostly of African origin, including the names of the food. The music of Haiti is filled with African rhythms and instruments, the use of call and response as well as vocal African songs.

Mark Fitzpatrick

Mark Fitzpatrick (born November 13, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.

Before playing in the NHL, Cloutier played 1 season in the BCJHL with the Revelstoke Rangers and 3 seasons in the WHL with the Medicine Hat Tigers whom he won the Memorial Cup twice with.

He was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings with the 27th overall pick in the 1987 NHL Entry draft. He played 17 games with the Kings and on February 22, 1989 he was traded along with Wayne McBean to the New York Islanders in exchange for Kelly Hrudey. He played 2 seasons with the Islanders. During his time with them, Fitzpatrick contracted Eosinophilia–myalgia syndrome, which is a potentially fatal neurological disease and it cost him almost all of the 1990-91 NHL season. He was able to recover and he returned to the ice in February 1992. He won the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy for his efforts in returning to the league after the illness in 1992.

On June 20, 1993, during the expansion draft for the Florida Panthers and the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, he was traded to the Quebec Nordiques for Ron Hextall and a swap of first-round picks. After only four days, he was claimed in the expansion draft by the Panthers. He played 5 seasons with the Panthers where he played as a backup goaltender to John Vanbiesbrouck.

On January 16, 1998, he was traded to the Tampa Bay Lightning with Jody Hull for Dino Ciccarelli and Jeff Norton. During his time in Tampa, he only managed record 7 wins in 34 games for the struggling Lightning who finished the season with the worst record in the NHL.

He was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks for Michal Sykora where he spent the season as a backup capacity to Jocelyn Thibault. He moved to Carolina Hurricanes for the 1999–2000 NHL season but spent most of the year playing in the International Hockey League for the Cincinnati Cyclones. He only played 3 games for the Carolina Hurricanes and spent another season in the IHL for the Detroit Vipers before he retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2001.


Emile Francis

Emile Percival Francis (September 13, 1926 – February 19, 2022), nicknamed "The Cat", was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender, coach and general manager. He was born in North Battleford, Saskatchewan.

In the NHL, Francis played 2 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks and 22 games for the New York Rangers. He served as a back-up goaltender during his time with the Rangers. He was also the first goaltender to use a first baseman’s glove with a cuff added to protect his hand and wrist while previous goaltenders would were the same padded gloves as their teammates.

He mainly played in the AHL and WHL which he played for a number of different teams including the Vancouver Canucks, Saskatoon Quakers and Seattle Americans. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 1960.

After he retired, he became the head coach of the OHA's Guelph Royals and then became the head coach of the New York Rangers from 1965 to 1975. He then became the head coach of the St. Louis Blues 1976 to 77 and in 1982. After coaching, Francis became the General Manager of the New York Rangers from 1964 to 1976, the General Manager of the St. Louis Blues from 1976 to 1983 and the General Manager of the Hartford Whalers from 1983 to 1989. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1982 as a builder.

His son Bobby Francis also played in the NHL for the Detroit Red Wings. He also coached the Phoenix Coyotes from 1999 to 2004.

Francis died on February 19, 2022, at the age of 95.


Peggy Stewart

Peggy Stewart (born Margaret O'Rourke; June 5, 1923 – May 29, 2019) was an American movie actress. She starred mostly in B-movies during the 1930s and 1940s. Her sister, Patricia O'Rourke, was an Olympic swimmer and was married to World War II hero and B-movie actor Wayne Morris.

Stewart was born on June 5, 1923 in West Palm Beach, Florida. She was married to Don Barry from 1940 until they divorced in 1944. Then she was married to Buck Young from 1953 until his death 2000. Stewart died on May 29, 2019 at the age of 95.

Stewart appeared in the 2012 Adam Sandler movie "That's My Boy".

Stewart played Pam Beesly's grandmother, Mee-Maw, in a 2009 episode of "The Office" and reprised the role in a 2010 episode.


The Last Station

The Last Station is an American 2009 biographical-drama movie about last months of Leo Tolstoy's life. It was directed by Michael Hoffman. It stars Christopher Plummer, Helen Mirren, and Paul Giamatti. It was released to positive reviews on December 23, 2009. It was nominated for many awards.

Beginners

Beginners is a 2010 American romantic-comedy-drama movie directed by Mike Mills. It is about the story of Oliver, a man remembering the life and death from cancer of his widowed gay father, Hal, while trying to work a new romantic relationship with a Frenchwoman, Anna. 

It stars Christopher Plummer and Ewan McGregor. It was released to positive reviews on June 3, 2011. This movie lead to Plummer's first Academy Award win. 

9 (2009 movie)

9 is a 2009 adult animated science fiction movie directed by Shane Acker and produced by Tim Burton. It stars Elijah Wood, John C. Reilly, Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, Crispin Glover, and Martin Landau. It was released on September 9, 2009 to mixed reviews. 

Norman Tindale

Norman Barnett Tindale AO (12 October 1900 – 19 November 1993) was an Australian anthropologist, archaeologist and ethnologist. He worked for the South Australian Museum for almost 50 years. He is best known for his work mapping the various cultural groupings of Indigenous Australians.

He was born in Perth, Western Australia. His family moved to Tokyo in 1907, when he was a young boy. Norman was educated at the American School in Japan. The family returned to Perth in 1915, and then moved to Adelaide in 1917. Tindale got a job at the Adelaide Public Library. In January 1919, he got a job at the South Australian Museum as entomologist's assistant to Arthur Mills Lea. He had already published thirty-one papers on entomological, ornithological and anthropological subjects before receiving his Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Adelaide in March 1933.

Tindale began mapping the cultural groupings of Indigenous Australians early in his career. His interest in this began during a research trip to Groote Eylandt in 1921–1922. On the island, an Anindilyakwa man gave Tindale detailed descriptions of which land belonged to his family and which land did not. This led Tindale to question the widely held belief among European Australians at the time, which was that Aboriginal people were nomadic and had no connection to any specific area. Tindale's maps have been superseded by more accurate ones.

After his retirement from the South Australian Museum, Tindale began teaching at the University of Colorado. He lived in the United States until his death, aged 93, in Palo Alto, California.


Tindale was made an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in 1994, shortly after his death.


Savoy Hotel

The Savoy Hotel is a luxury hotel on the Strand in central London. It was built by impresario Richard D'Oyly Carte with profits from his Gilbert and Sullivan operas, and opened in 1889. It was the first in the Savoy group of hotels and restaurants, which were owned by his family for over a century. 

The Savoy was the first luxury hotel in Britain. It had electric lights throughout the building, electric lifts, bathrooms in most of the lavishly furnished rooms, constant hot and cold running water, and many other innovations. D'Oyly Carte hired manager César Ritz and French chef Auguste Escoffier, who established the highest quality in service, entertainment and dining. The hotel attracted royalty and other rich guests and diners. Winston Churchill frequently took his cabinet to lunch at the hotel.

The hotel became Carte's most successful venture. Its bands, Savoy Orpheans and the Savoy Havana Band, became famous, and other entertainers (who were also often guests) included George Gershwin, Frank Sinatra, Lena Horne and Noël Coward. Famous guests have included Edward VII, Enrico Caruso, Charlie Chaplin, Otto Hahn, Harry Truman, Joan Crawford, Judy Garland, Babe Ruth, Laurence Olivier, Marilyn Monroe, John Wayne, Humphrey Bogart, Elizabeth Taylor, Barbra Streisand, Bob Dylan, The Beatles and numerous others.

The hotel is now managed by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts. It has been called "London's most famous hotel". It is still one of London's most prestigious and opulent hotels, with 268 rooms and panoramic views of the River Thames across Savoy Place and the Thames Embankment. The hotel closed in December 2007 for extensive renovations and reopened in October 2010.

Dorothy Kilner

Dorothy Kilner (17 February 1755 – 5 February 1836) was an English writer of children's books during the late 18th century.

Dorothy published her first books anonymously. She then published under the pseudonyms M. P. and Mary Pelham. This was common practice among female authors in that period.

Dorothy's most famous book was "The Life and Perambulation of a Mouse". This was published in 1784. Some other books of hers are "Anecdotes of a Boarding School, or an antidote to the vices of those Establishments" (1790), "Little Stories for Little Folks" (about 1785), and "The Village School" (1795). Most of her stories had moral lessons.

Dorothy was probably born in Woodford, which was part of Essex at the time. Her father was Thomas Kilner (1719–1804), a public servant and landowner. Her mother was Frances Kilner (née Ayscough; 1718–1768). Dorothy was the youngest of five children. The family lived in Maryland Point.

Dorothy was inspired to write through her friendship with Mary Ann Maze (Mary Ann Kilner, 1753–1831). The two became friends when they were children. They wrote many letters to each other on religious and personal matters. The letters were usually written in verse. Maze later married Dorothy's brother, Thomas Kilner (1750–1812) in 1774. Dorothy moved into their house in Spitalfields, and helped to raise their five children.

Both Dorothy and Mary Ann became writers, and wrote many books for children. Their books were published by John Marshall. Copies of their books were found long after their deaths in a trunk in their home in Maryland Point. Several titles continued to be reprinted for many years.



Jessica Barth

Jessica Barth is an American writer and actress. Jessica Barth studied acting and creative writing at the West Chester University.

Jessica Barth started working at three different restaurants in Los Angeles, California. She began her acting career with theater plays. She later began a professional acting career with her appearances in films and television series. Jessica Barth earned worldwide recognition with her first bigger appearance in "Ted" as Tami-Lynn, the main character's love interest.


Giovanni Ribisi

Antonino Giovanni Ribisi (; born December 17, 1974) is an American actor. He is best known for his starring roles in the television series "Sneaky Pete" and the movies "Avatar" (2009), "Lost in Translation" (2003), "Ted" (2012) and its sequel "Ted 2" (2015), "Contraband" (2012), "Gardener of Eden" (2007), "Selma" (2014) and "A Million Ways to Die in the West" (2014). He also had roles in television series such as "The Wonder Years", "My Name Is Earl" and "Friends".


Lawrence Kohlberg

Lawrence Kohlberg (25 October 1927 – 19 January 1987) was an American psychologist. Today, he is mostly known for his theory, that the development of a sense of what is morally right or wrong occurs in different stages. There are three main stages, which are subdivided:

Ventriloquism

Ventriloquism is a form of stage theater in which a person changes his or her voice so that it sounds like the voice is coming from somewhere else (usually a puppet or a dummy). A ventriloquist is one who performs this art.

Originally, it was practiced in religion. Now, it is used in comedy.

Today's modern ventriloquism started in nightclubs.


Blobfish

The blobfish ("Psychrolutes marcidus") is three species of a fish of the family Psychrolutidae. They live in deep waters off the coasts of Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand.

Blobfish are typically shorter than 30 cm. They live at depths between where the pressure is several dozen times higher than at sea level.

Blobfish are often caught accidentally in bottom trawling nets. Scientists now fear the blobfish could become an endangered species because of deep-ocean trawling.

As often happens with common names, there is another fish which may also be called "blobfish". It is Macquarie blobfish, a species of "Ebinania".

Chac

Chac (also spelled Chaac) is the rain god of the Maya. He has a lightning axe. He uses it to hit the clouds and make thunder and rain.

Shelby Foote

Shelby Dade Foote, Jr. (November 17, 1916 – June 27, 2005) was an American historian and writer. He was an important person for Civil War documentaries. He wrote many books about the war and Abraham Lincoln. His most famous book about the war was "". Foote was born on in Greenville, Mississippi and died in Memphis, Tennessee.

Shelby Dade Foote, Jr. studied at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Foote is of Jewish descent, but he was raised as an Episcopalian.

Foote began writing a three volume, 3000-page history, together called "". The separate volumes are "Fort Sumter to Perryville" (1958), "Fredericksburg to Meridian" (1963), and "Red River to Appomattox" (1974).

When "The Civil War" by Ken Burns was first broadcast, his telephone number was publicly listed. and He received many phone calls from people who had seen him on television. Foote never unlisted his number, and the volume of calls increased each time the series re-aired.

He was married to Tess Lavery from 1944 until they divorced in 1946. Then he was married to Marguerite "Peggy" Desommes from 1948 until they divorced in 1952. They had one child. Then he was married to Gwyn Rainer from 1956 until his death in 2005. They had one child. 

Foote died on June 27, 2005 at a hospital in Memphis, Tennessee from heart failure caused by a heart attack and pulmonary embolism. He was 88 years old. Foote is buried at Elmwood Cemetery in Memphis, Tennessee.


Ken Burns

Kenneth Lauren "Ken" Burns (born July 29, 1953) is an American director and producer of documentary movies. He is known for his style of using archival footage and photographs. Burns is also a historian and writer.

His most widely known documentaries are "The Civil War" (1990), "Baseball" (1994), "Jazz" (2001), "The War" (2007), "" (2009), "Prohibition" (2011) and "The Central Park Five" (2012). His movies have been nominated for two Academy Awards, and have won Emmy Awards, among other honors.

Burns was born on July 29, 1953 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York His ancestors owned slaves, and one was a Confederate soldier. He studied at Hampshire College. Burns was married to Amy Stechler from 1982 until they divorced in 1993. He married Julie Deborah Brown in 2003, and in 2017 they were still marrie..
RIP Ken Burns.He was a good man.
Burns said that he is influenced by Shelby Foote and Errol Morris.


Female genital mutilation

Female genital mutilation (FGM) is cutting off part or all of the female genitals that are outside of the body. FGM is also called female genital cutting and female circumcision. It is done for traditional reasons, as part of a ritual, not for medical reasons.

FGM is most common in 27 African countries, as well as Yemen and Iraqi Kurdistan. However, it also happens in other countries in Asia, the Middle East and around the world. Usually, FGM is not done by a doctor or in a hospital. It is often done with a razor blade or other sharp instruments, in many cases without anesthesia.

Different ethnic groups do different kinds of FGM. They also do FGM at different ages. Some groups do FGM when infants are only a few days old. Others do it when girls reach puberty, or are older. In about half the countries where FGM happens, most girls have FGM before they are five years old.

FGM can cause serious health problems, like infections, chronic pain, trouble getting pregnant and giving birth, bleeding so bad that it can kill. FGM does not make a person's health better in any way.

FGM is illegal in most of the countries where it happens. However, these laws are often ignored. Since the 1970s, many countries have tried to stop FGM. In 2012, the United Nations General Assembly said that FGM is a human rights problem, and voted to try harder to stop it. The World Health Organization and the "Maputo Protocol" to the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights also say that FGM must be stopped.

There are many different types of female genital mutilation. The World Health Organization (WHO) has created four basic categories of FGM, called Types 1-IV.

In Type I FGM, part or all of the clitoris is cut off. The clitoris is the female organ that makes sex feel good for women. Without it, a woman usually cannot have an orgasm.
There are a few forms of Type II FGM. All of them involve cutting off part or all of the inner labia, the two flaps of skin on the sides of the opening to the vagina. The forms of Type II FGM are:

Type III FGM is usually called infibulation. It is the most severe form of FGM. The genitals outside a woman's body are cut off and the wound is sewn shut with thread and thorns. The different types of infibulation are:

When the labia are sewn shut, one small hole is left open so the girl can urinate and menstruate. The hole is kept open by putting something like a twig into the wound. To help the wound close, the girl's legs are tied together, often from hip to ankle, for up to six weeks.

After the woman gets married, her vagina is cut open so she can have sex. A midwife might cut open the vagina with a knife, or the woman's husband might tear it open with his penis. If the woman gets pregnant, the vagina is opened more for childbirth, and then often sewn back up afterward (this is called re-infibulation).

Type IV FGM is anything else that is done to hurt the genitals, like scraping, burning, scarring, or cutting the genitals without cutting them off. This procedure will be heartbreaking for women, when they get to know about this in later life.

In many countries where FGM is common, almost every woman and girl in the country has had FGM. In other countries, millions of women and girls have had FGM over many years.

In 25 countries in Africa and the Middle East, over 125 million women and girls have had FGM. This includes:
In some of these same 25 countries, FGM is very common. It is most common in these countries:

However, in other countries, FGM is not as common. For example, of the 25 countries where FGM happens most often, it is least common in these countries:

FGM can hurt women's physical and mental health throughout their lives.

The type of complications that a girl or woman might have from FGM depend on many things, like:

"Short-term complications" are health problems caused by FGM soon after the FGM happened. Common short-term complications include:

More serious short-term complications can cause symptoms that can kill a woman. They include:

Nobody knows how many girls and women die from FGM.

Late complications happen later on after FGM is done. For example:

Painful periods are common because it is very difficult for the monthly menstrual blood to get out of the tiny hole left by infibulation. Blood can fill the vagina and uterus, and stay there without moving. If the vagina gets completely blocked, the vagina and uterus can fill up completely with menstrual blood. Because women with this problem do not menstruate, and blood builds up in their abdomen (making it swell), it can be confused with pregnancy.

FGM may increase a woman's risk of having problems during pregnancy and childbirth. For example, women who had infibulations are more likely to:

FGM also raises the risk that a woman's baby will die soon after it is born. In 2008, the WHO estimated that 10–20 babies out of every 1,000 die because their mothers had FGM. All types of FGM were found to raise babies' risk of death, which was:

There is not much information about the effects of FGM on women's and girls' mental health. However, a few small studies have found that women with FGM often have anxiety, depression, and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).

Studies on how FGM affects women's ability to have sex have also been small. In total, in 2013, there had been 15 studies involving 12,671 women from seven countries. When all the information from these studies was put together, researchers found that:

Bruce Hubbard

Bruce Hubbard (1952–1991) was an American operatic baritone singer. He is known for appearing in several productions of "Show Boat" and "Porgy and Bess".

Hubbard was born in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1951.

Tadeusz Mazowiecki

Tadeusz Mazowiecki (18 April 1927 – 28 October 2013) was a Polish author, journalist, philanthropist and Christian-democratic politician. Mazowiecki was the first Prime Minister of Poland. His term began in 1989 and ended in 1991.

Mazowiecki was born on 18 April 1927 in Płock, Second Republic of Poland. He was married two times (became a widower twice). He had three children, Wojciech, Adam, and Michal.

He was formerly one of the leaders of the Solidarity movement. Mazowiecki was the first non-communist prime minister in the Eastern Bloc after World War II. He became Prime Minister on 24 August 1989. His term lasted for nearly 2 years when he left office on 12 January 1991.

In 2003, he was elected to the board of directors of the International Criminal Court's Trust Fund for Victims.

Mazowiecki received numerous awards. An honorary degree from the universities in: Leuven, Genoa, Giessen, Poitiers, Exeter, Warsaw University and University of Economics in Katowice.

He also received the Order of White Eagle (1995), Golden Order of Bosnia (1996), Légion d'honneur (1997), Srebrnica Award (2005), the Giant award (1995) awarded by "Gazeta Wyborcza" ("Election Gazette") in Poznań and Jan Nowak-Jezioranski Award (2004).

Mazowiecki died on 28 October 2013 in Warsaw, Poland from complications from a fever caused by pneumonia. He was 86 years old.


Heat lightning

Heat lightning is the name for lightning from thunderstorms that are far away that is not followed by thunder. This happens because the lightning is far away and the sound of the thunder stops before it reaches the person watching the thunderstorm. Although it is named heat lightning, it does not have anything to do with the heat of the lightning itself. At night, lightning can be seen from up to 100 miles away, but the thunder doesn't go that far.

Heat lightning is often seen during the summer months. In Florida, heat lightning can often been seen over the water at night from thunderstorms that formed during the day.


Stansfield Turner

Stansfield M. Turner (December 1, 1923 – January 18, 2018) was a United States Navy admiral and former Director of Central Intelligence and President of the Naval War College. He was a senior research scholar at the University of Maryland, College Park School of Public Policy.

Turner was born on December 1, 1923 in Highland Park, Illinois. He studied at Amherst College, at the United States Naval Academy, and at Exeter College, Oxford. He was a Christian Scientist. Turner died in Seattle, Washington on January 18, 2018 at the age of 94.


Bronisław Geremek

Professor Bronisław Geremek (Benjamin Lewertow; March 6, 1932 - July 13, 2008) was a Polish social historian and politician. Geremek served as Poland's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1997 through 2000.

Geremek was born on March 6, 1932 in Warsaw, Poland. He studied at Warsaw University. Geremek was married to Hanna Geremek until his death in 2008.

Geremek died on July 13, 2008 after a car crash in Lubień, Poland. The cause of the crash was because Geremek fell asleep behind the wheel. He was 76 years old. A state funeral was granted for Geremek.


Philip Baker Hall

Philip Baker Hall (September 10, 1931 – June 12, 2022) was an American actor. He starred in Paul Thomas Anderson's movies, "Hard Eight", "Boogie Nights" and "Magnolia". Other movies included "Air Force One", "The Truman Show", "Bruce Almighty", "Rush Hour" and "The Amityville Horror".

Hall was born in Toledo, Ohio. He studied at the University of Toledo. He was married three times, but two ended in divorce. Hall had four children. Hall died on June 12, 2022 of emphysema at his home in Glendale, California at the age of 90.

Dry thunderstorm

A dry thunderstorm is a type of thunderstorm where there is lightning and thunder, but most or all of the precipitation does not reach the ground. They usually happen in deserts or areas with low water vapor. Because dry air usually absorbs liquid water, the rain is absorbed before it reaches the ground. They happen a lot during the summer months in western North America.

Dry thunderstorms are dangerous because they can cause dust storms and wildfires. Dust storms can happen because the dry soil and sand are picked up by strong winds. Wildfires can happen because the lightning can hit trees and there is no rain to put out the fires.

César Ritz

César Ritz (23 February 1850 – 24 October 1918) was a Swiss hotelier and founder of several hotels. He gave his name to the Hôtel Ritz Paris and The Ritz Hotel in London. His motto was "king of hoteliers, and hotelier to kings". His name is the origin of the word "ritzy".

At fifteen Ritz was apprenticed as a "somelier" (wine waiter) at a hotel in Brig. Dismissed after a year as an unsuitable candidate for the hotel trade, he went to Paris at the time of the 1867 Universal Exhibition.

Ritz's formative five years in Paris, including the siege of 1870 during the Franco-Prussian War, gave him sufficient polish and confidence to transform himself from a waiter and general factotum into a "maître d'hôtel", manager, and eventually hotelier.

In 1872, Ritz became floor waiter of the Hôtel Splendide in Paris, meeting many rich, self-made Americans as guests. In 1873 he was a waiter in Vienna at the time of the International Exhibition. In the winter of that year his astonishing career in hotel management began when he undertook the direction of the restaurant at the Grand Hôtel in Nice. Regular moves then followed. He followed the migration of the international tourist set from the hotels of Nice or San Remo in winter to Swiss mountain resorts such as Rigi-Kulm and Lucerne in summer.

In 1878, he became the manager of the Grand Hôtel National in Lucerne and held the same position, in parallel, at the Grand Hôtel in Monaco until 1888. A pioneer in the development of luxury hoteliering, he knew how to entice wealthy customers and got a reputation for good taste and elegance. He was the first to say that "the customer is never wrong". His code was "See all without looking; hear all without listening; be attentive without being servile; anticipate without being presumptuous. If a diner complains about a dish or the wine, immediately remove it and replace it, no questions asked".

In 1888, he opened a restaurant with Auguste Escoffier in Baden-Baden, and the two were then invited to London by Richard D'Oyly Carte to become the first manager and chef of the Savoy Hotel, positions they held from 1889 until 1897. Ritz put together what he described as "a little army of hotel men for the conquest of London". The Savoy under Ritz was an immediate success, attracting a distinguished and moneyed clientele, headed by the Prince of Wales. Aristocratic women, hitherto unaccustomed to dine in public, were now "seen in full regalia in the Savoy dining and supper rooms".

In 1898, Ritz and Escoffier were both dismissed from the Savoy. Ritz was implicated in the disappearance of over £3,400 of wine and spirits, as well as kickbacks from suppliers. The following report is from the London "Daily Telegraph":

Later in 1898, he opened the celebrated Hôtel Ritz in the Place Vendôme, Paris. He went on to open The Ritz Hotel in London in 1906, which became one of the most popular meeting places of the era, for the rich and famous. The Hotel Ritz Madrid in Madrid, opened in 1910, inspired by King Alfonso XIII's desire to build a luxury hotel to rival the Ritz in Paris. Ritz enjoyed a long partnership with Auguste Escoffier, the famous French chef and father of modern French cooking. The partnership lasted until Ritz had to retire in 1907 because of deteriorating health.

Ritz himself withdrew progressively from the affairs of his various companies, selling out his interests in hotels at Frankfurt and Salsomaggiore in 1905 and retiring from the Ritz Hotel Development Company in 1907, from the Carlton Hotel Company in 1908, and from the Paris Ritz Company in 1911.

By 1912, according to Marie-Louise Ritz, to all intents and purposes his life had finished. In 1913 he was placed in a private hospital at Lausanne, and the following year he was moved to another on Lake Küssnacht in Canton Schwyz. He died at Küssnacht on 26 October 1918. Although from a humble Swiss background, César Ritz and his luxurious hotels became legendary, and his name entered the English language as an epitome of high-class cuisine and accommodation. He is buried in the village of his birth.



Menu

A menu is a list of dishes to be served at a meal. Menus have been around in Europe since the 18th century. There is a special need for them in Chinese cuisine because of the wide range of dishes on offer. Menus have been discovered from the Song Dynasty in China. In the larger cities of the time, the variety of cuisine from different regions led caterers to create a list for their patrons.

In restaurants, the modern menu, with dishes in a set order of courses, was invented by the great French chef Escoffier. Usually there are two types of menu at a good restaurant:


Lesser establishments might offer a chalkboard, with the advantage that items can be rubbed out or added on at short notice. Fish restaurants in particular depend on daily catches being supplied or bought in the early morning. They usually list fish freshly bought (as opposed to frozen).

In American restaurant management, "menu engineering" has become a branch of marketing.

Cinderella Castle

Cinderella Castle (or Cinderella Palace) is the fairy tale castle at the center of two Disney theme parks: the Magic Kingdom at the Walt Disney World Resort, and Tokyo Disneyland at the Tokyo Disney Resort. Both castles are recognized all over the world. They are the main attraction for each of the theme parks.

Clay Aiken

Clay Aiken (born November 30, 1978) is an American singer-songwriter, author and activist. 

Aiken was born and raised in Raleigh, North Carolina. He was a contestant on the second season of "American Idol" in 2003. He is openly gay.

In 2014, Aiken announced his intentions to run for congress in North Carolina's 2nd congressional district against Republican incumbent Renee Ellmers. He officially filed to run on February 27, 2014.


Tokyo Disneyland

Tokyo Disney Resort is one of five Disney Resorts in the world. It is one of the most famous theme parks in Japan. Maihama Station is the nearest station. There are many kinds of tickets for visitors to choose from. The "After 6 passport" for admission after 6 p.m. is popular with high-school students and couples.
Tokyo DisneySea is nearby.

Tokyo Disneyland is divided into seven theme parks.

They are called the "FAB 5". They always appear on stages and parades. They are mostly found at Toontown. Other characters at Toontown are Chip 'n Dale and Daisy Duck.

At Fantasyland, there are Winnie the Pooh, Peter Pan, Snow White, Cinderella, Pinocchio, Dumbo, Alice, and Jack Skellington from "The Nightmare Before Christmas".

At Tomorrowland are Buzz Lightyear and the monsters from "Monsters, Inc.". There is also the Aristocats and Lilo & Stitch.


Virga

In meteorology, virga is precipitation that falls from a cloud but evaporates or sublimes before reaching the ground. It is seen a lot in deserts and temperate climates. These areas have low humidity and high temperatures which cause the rain to evaporate before reaching the ground. In North America, it is seen a lot in the Western United States and the Canadian Prairies. It is also seen a lot in the Middle East and North Africa.


Snow angel

A snow angel is a design made in snow that looks like an angel. It is made by lying on one's back and moving one's arms up and down, and one's legs from side to side, to make the shape of an angel. Snow angels are often made by children.

Menrva

Menrva is the Etruscan goddess of war, art, wisdom and health. She was often associated with the Greek goddess Athena. She was the precursor of the Roman Minerva.

Koreans in Japan

Koreans are one of the largest ethnic minority groups in Japan. Many Koreans immigrated from the 1920s to the 1950s.


Commission

Commission or commissioning may refer to:






Winnie Madikizela-Mandela

Winnie Madikizela–Mandela (born Nomzamo Winfreda Zanyiwe Madikizela; 26 September 1936 – 2 April 2018) was a South African politician. She held several government positions and headed the African National Congress Women's League. She was a member of the ANC's National Executive Committee. Madikizela-Mandela was married to President of South Africa Nelson Mandela.

Madikizela-Mandela was born on 26 September 1936 in Bizana, Pondoland, Transkei, South Africa. She studied at the University of South Africa. She was married to Nelson Mandela from 1958 until they divorced in 1996. They had two children. Madikizela-Mandela died of complications from diabetes on 2 April 2018 in Johannesburg at the age of 81.


Harry Frederick Oppenheimer

Harry Frederick Oppenheimer (28 October 1908 – 19 August 2000) was a famous South African businessman of Jewish descent. Oppenheimer was the chairman of Anglo American Corporation for a quarter of a century. He was also the chairman of De Beers Consolidated Mines for 27 years until he retired from those positions in 1982 and 1984. He was close friends with President of South Africa Nelson Mandela.

Oppenheimer was born in Kimberley, Northern Cape, South Africa. He studied at Charterhouse School and at Christ Church, Oxford University. Oppenheimer was raised in Johannesburg.

The Harry Oppenheimer Fellowship Award Africa's premier research prize, is awarded every year by the Oppenheimer Memorial Trust, in memory of Harry Oppenheimer's commitment to an ideal of "unambiguous excellence."

Oppenheimer was married to Bridget Oppenheimer until his death in 2000. They had two children. Bridget died in October 2013.

Oppenheimer died in Johannesburg, South Africa from cancer, aged 92.


Shock site

A shock site is a website that wants to be offensive and to shock people that see it. Shock sites usually show pictures that are meant to make people feel disgusted. These pictures are often violent, or pornographic. For example, in 2004 Goatse.cx showed a picture of a man stretching his anus. Often these sites are mentioned in emails, or online discussions, which tries to trick users into following links to another website.


Armillaria gallica

Armillaria gallica (or "A. bulbosa" or "A. lutea") is a species of honey mushroom in the order Agaricales.

The species is common and ecologically important. It decays wood. It can live as a saprophyte, or as an opportunistic parasite. In weakened trees it causes root rot. 

It is found in temperate regions of Asia, North America, and Europe. The species forms the above-ground fruiting bodies "(mushrooms") in soil or rotting wood. The fungus has been accidentally introduced to South Africa.
"Armillaria gallica" is a largely underground fungus. The fungus develops underground root-like structures, called rhizomorphs. These help it to decompose dead wood in temperate broadleaf and mixed forests. Its ability to bioluminesce and to form large and long-lived colonies are especially interesting.

"Armillaria gallica" was found in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the early 1990s. In one forest, "Armillaria"-infected oak trees were harvested, and their stumps left to rot in the field. Later, when red pines were planted in the same location, the seedlings were killed by the fungus. 

Using sequence analysis, the underground mycelia of one individual fungal colony covered , weighing over , with an estimated age of 1,500 years. 

The authors noted: "This is the first report estimating the minimum size, mass, and age of an unambiguously defined fungal individual. Although the number of observations for plants and animals is much greater, members of the fungal kingdom should now be recognized as among the oldest and largest organisms on Earth". 

After the "Nature" paper was published, media outlets from around the world visited the site where the specimens were found. As a result of this publicity, the individual acquired the common name "humongous fungus". There was afterward some scholarly debate as to whether the fungus qualified to be considered in the same category as other large organisms such as the blue whale or the giant redwood.

Affirmative action

Affirmative action (known as positive discrimination in the United Kingdom) is a policy where members of minority groups are given preference over members of more common or bigger groups. This is usually done to try to obtain some equality or balance. Positive discrimination is illegal in many countries, and is sometimes considered racial profiling.

It is most often found in education, employment and welfare.

Robinson Crusoe

Robinson Crusoe is a novel written by Daniel Defoe. It was first published on 25 April 1719 by William Taylor.

The novel's full title is "The Life and Strange Surprizing Adventures of Robinson Crusoe, Of York, Mariner: Who lived Eight and Twenty Years, all alone in an un-inhabited Island on the Coast of America, near the Mouth of the Great River of Oroonoque; Having been cast on Shore by Shipwreck, wherein all the Men perished but himself. With An Account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by Pyrates".

The book is a fictional autobiography of the title character, Robinson Crusoe. Crusoe leaves the safety of his comfortable middle-class home in England and goes to sea. He is shipwrecked and becomes a castaway who spends years on a remote tropical island near Trinidad. He meets cannibals, captives and mutineers, and is eventually rescued.

For the first edition, Defoe pretended that the novel was a true story. He said the fictional protagonist Robinson Crusoe was the author and he pretended to be the editor of Crusoe's autobiography. This led many readers to believe that Crusoe was a real person and the book a true account of his life.

Many people think the story was influenced by the life of Alexander Selkirk. Selkirk was a Scottish castaway who lived for over four years on a Pacific island belonging to Chile called Más a Tierra. (In 1966, the island was renamed Robinson Crusoe Island.) However, there are other possible sources. For example, Ibn Tufail's earlier novel "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan", also set on a desert island, may have inspired Defoe.

Critical response to "Robinson Crusoe" has been diverse and argumentative. There has been widespread disagreement about the novel's nature and origin, values, structure, and meaning. Literary historians have not agreed on Defoe's sincerity, exact intentions, and achievement in the book.

"Robinson Crusoe" was very popular as soon as it was published. Before the end of 1719, it had already run through four editions. The novel's popularity has continued and it has become one of the most widely published books in history. It has prompted many imitations and adaptations for stage, film, and television.

Cloaking device

A cloaking device or invisibility cloak has long been featured in science fiction. Attempts have been made to devise a way to do it with objects, but results were disappointing until now. A paper in "Nature Communications" for September 2013 announces a new approach.

From reference 1, the two "supplementary movies" show the successful cloaking of a goldfish and a cat so far as they are within the experimental space.

A recent review said these methods were possible: 

Mehit

Mehit is a goddess of lions and war in Egyptian mythology. She is the wife of the god Anhur, also a god of war.
She represented the full moon. Also called The Completed one (Eye of Horus).

Mandela and de Klerk

Mandela and de Klerk is a 1997 British television movie about the relationship between President of South Africa Nelson Mandela and former State-Governor F. W. de Klerk. Sidney Poitier played Mandela and Michael Caine played de Klerk. It was released on February 16, 1997. 

Dennis Haysbert

Dennis Dexter Haysbert (born 2 June 1954 in San Mateo, California) is an American movie and television actor. He is known for appearing in the Allstate commercials. He also starred in many movies such as "Major League". He also starred in the television show "24".


Nelson Mandela Bridge

The Nelson Mandela Bridge is a bridge in Johannesburg, South Africa. It was completed in 2003. The bridge was built to connect two important business areas of Braamfontein and Newton. It was named after President of South Africa Nelson Mandela.

Night of Champions (2013)

Night of Champions (2013) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on September 15, 2013 at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan. It was the seventh yearly event with the "Night of Champions" name. Similar to the last five events, the concept of the show was that every championship in the company was defended at the event. 


David Harewood

David Harewood MBE (born 8 December 1965) is an English actor. He is known for playing David Estes in the Showtime series "Homeland".

Idris Elba

Idrissa Akuna Elba (born 6 September 1972) is an English actor, producer, rapper, singer and writer. He is known for his roles in "American Gangster", "Takers", "The Losers", "Thor", "Prometheus", "Pacific Rim" and "". He won a Golden Globe Award in 2011 and a Screen Actors Guild Award in 2016.

On 16 March 2020, Elba announced that he had been diagnosed with COVID-19 during the 2019–2020 coronavirus pandemic.







Marrakesh

Marrakesh, or Marrakech (Berber: ; ) is an important city in the African country of Morocco. It is the fourth largest city in the country. Marrakesh is the capital of the economic region of Marrakesh-Tensift-El Haouz.

Marrakesh is the most important city out of all of Morocco's cities that used to be imperial cities. Berber farmers lived in Marrakesh during Neolithic times. Abu Bakr ibn Umar, the chieftain and cousin of the king of the Almoravids Yusuf ibn Tashfin, founded Marrakesh in the year 1062. The Almoravids built many schools and mosques in Marrakesh. Marrakesh has the name "Red City" because a lot of it is made out of red sandstone.

Marrakesh got bigger very quickly and became a cultural, religious, and trading center for sub-Saharan Africa. The mayor of Marrakesh Fatima Zahra Mansouri is the second woman mayor in Morocco.

Tourism is important to Marrakesh, and the city has about 400 hotels. 

One of the things that most attract travellers to Morocco and, specifically, to the city of Marrakech, is the endless activities available and especially its variety. 

The most interesting and well-known are desert excursions from Marrakech, but in reality, you have many options: we are talking about excursions to the beach. There in the city itself, you do not have them, but there are many beaches near Marrakech that you can visit without much complication.

Goodbye Bafana

Goodbye Bafana is a 2007 drama movie. It is about the life of Nelson Mandela when he was in prison. It stars Dennis Haysbert, Joseph Fiennes and Diane Kruger. It was released in Germany on February 11, 2007 at the Berlinale.

The young revolutionary and anti-apartheid activist Nelson Mandela is arrested, and it is the job of censor and guard James Gregory to watch him. During his work in the prison of Robben Island, Gregory slowly begins to dislike the apartheid politics and the racism of white South Africans he is part of.



Winnie Mandela (movie)

Winnie Mandela is a 2011 British-American drama-biographical movie. It is based on Anne Marie du Preez Bezrob's biography "Winnie Mandela: A Life". The movie is directed by Darrell Roodt. It stars Jennifer Hudson, Terrence Howard, Wendy Crewson, and Elias Koteas. Image Entertainment released the movie in theaters on September 6, 2013.

Long Walk to Freedom

Long Walk to Freedom is an autobiography written by President of South Africa Nelson Mandela. It was published in 1995.

The book is about his early life, his education and serving 27 years in prison. Under the apartheid government, Mandela was thought as a terrorist and jailed on the infamous Robben Island for his role as a leader of the then-outlawed ANC. He also say that democracy meant all men to be heard and far from majority rule, a minority was not crushed by a majority.

He has since gained international recognition for his leadership as president in rebuilding the country's once segregated society. The last chapters of the book describe his political ascension, and his belief that the struggle continues against apartheid in South Africa.

A movie based on this book was released in 2013 called "". Idris Elba played Mandela.



Mandela: The Authorised Biography

Mandela: The Authorized Biography is a biography of Nelson Mandela, first President of South Africa. It was written by journalist Anthony Sampson. It was published in 1999, five years after Mandela's autobiography, Long Walk to Freedom. Sampson's book was one of the first to talk about such issues such as Winnie Mandela's crimes, and State President Frederik Willem de Klerk's suspected attempts to use the security forces to derail peace talks. 

Andrés Pastrana Arango

Andrés Pastrana Arango (born 17 August 1954) was the 30th President of Colombia from 1998 to 2002, following in the footsteps of his father, Misael Pastrana Borrero, who was president from 1970 to 1974.

In 1982, he began his political career, gaining a seat on the local Bogotá council. He also specialized in press articles on the production and trafficking of cocaine, for which he gained many journalistic awards. In 1991 he was elected Senator.

Arango was born on 17 August 1954 in Bogotá, Colombia. He studied at Our Lady of the Rosary University and at Harvard University. Arango married Nohra Puyana Bickenbach in 1981. They have three children.

His father, Misael Pastrana Borrero (1923 – 1997), was the 23rd President of Colombia serving from 1970 through 1974. His mother was consort María Cristina Arango Vega (1928 – 2017).


Jiangsu

Jiangsu is a province on the east coast of mainland China. Jiangsu borders Shandong in the north, Anhui to the west, and Zhejiang and Shanghai to the south. The capital of the province is Nanjing. Nanjing is the old capital of China. In 2021, about 85,054,000 people live in Jiangsu.

Hell in a Cell (2013)

Hell in a Cell (2013) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on October 27, 2013 at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, Florida. It was the fifth yearly event with the "Hell in a Cell" name. 


WWE Battleground

Battleground was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on October 6, 2013 at the First Niagara Center in Buffalo, New York. It was announced on the July 29 episode of WWE Raw as the new October WWE pay-per-view which would replace Over the Limit.


Attack on Titan

The series follows the story of Eren Yeager, a boy who lives in the town of Shiganshina, and his friends Mikasa Ackerman, and Armin Arlert. They live in a civilization surrounded by three circular walls. Over one hundred years ago, humanity was driven to the brink of extinction after the appearance of humanoid giants called Titans, who attack and eat humans on sight. According to what is known, the civilization within the walls is the last surviving remainder of humanity. Their civilization is surrounded by three circular walls called Wall Maria, Wall Rose, and Wall Sina. In the year 845, the outermost wall (Wall Maria) is breached by two new types of Titans, the Colossal Titan and the Armored Titan. This leads other titans to infiltrate the outermost areas of civilization and begin slaughtering its inhabitants. During this incident, Eren's mother is eaten by a Titan, and Eren swears revenge against all Titans. Eren enlists in the military and is also accompanied by his childhood friends Mikasa and Armin.

Five years after Shiganshina's fall, the Colossal Titan appears and attacks the city of Trost, located on the second innermost wall (Wall Rose). Eren helps to successfully defend the city after he discovers that he has the mysterious ability to turn himself into a sentient Titan at will. He additionally regains some memories of his father shortly after the fall of Wall Maria, telling him that the truth about their world can be found in their basement in Shiganshina. These events draw the attention of the Survey Corps and their commander, Erwin Smith, who intends to use Eren's power to reclaim Wall Maria and reach the Yeagers' basement to find the truth about the Titans. Eren, Mikasa, and Armin are transferred to the Special Operations Squad, under the care of Levi Ackerman and Hange Zoë.

Eren joins his companions to fight and protect what remains of humanity while he also looks for the answers to the mysteries surrounding the Titans, the Walls, as well as his father's mysterious disappearance.

The anime was directed by Tetsurō Araki. It started broadcasting in Japan on July 8, 2013. It aired on MBS and ran from April 6, 2013 to September 28, 2013. Funimation began releasing the series in North America on home video in 2014. 
The second season of the anime series aired between April 1, 2017 and June 17, 2017. A trailer for the third season was released on April 27, 2018. The series started broadcasting in Japan in July 23, 2018.

The series has been highly praised and has won multiple awards including the Kodansha Manga Award in the shōnen category in 2011 and best director, best script, best soundtrack, runner-up for commercial, best theme song, top female character, and title of the year in the 3rd Newtype Anime Awards.

The series was nominated for both the 4th annual Manga Taishō award and the 16th annual Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize.

The 2012 edition of Kono Manga ga Sugoi! named the series the 8th best manga series for male readers. Six of the seven English volumes that were published in North America have charted on The New York Times Manga Best Seller list for the week of October 13, 2013, with volume one having been on the list for 19 weeks. Volume one was #2 on Nielsen BookScan's list of top 20 graphic novels in American bookstores for August 2013, and for the month of September, the series had more volumes on the list than any other series. The series was also named one of the Young Adult Library Services Association's "Great Graphic Novels for Teens"


Logorrhea

Logorrhea is a disorder of speech. It is a psychological disorder where a person speaks continuously in gibberish or makes no real sense. It is a sign of an underlying mental disorder, and needs psychiatric attention.

Logorrhea happens in many different psychiatric and neurological conditions. Some of these are glossolalia, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and schizoaffective disorder.

The term is sometimes used of someone who is just very talkative. This is meant to be a humorous reference.

The dramatic monologue "Not I" by Samuel Beckett is an example of logorrhea. So is Lucky's speech in the play "Waiting for Godot".

In the 1999 E.W. Scripps National Spelling Bee, the spelling bee champion Nupur Lala won with the word logorrhea. Then a documentary, "Spellbound" was made about the spelling bee.


SummerSlam (2013)

SummerSlam (2013) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on August 18, 2013 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the twenty-sixth yearly SummerSlam event that the WWE held.


Spiritual warfare

Spiritual warfare is a Christian belief of fighting against bad supernatural forces (demons). The existence of bad spirits which can affect humans is the main idea for this belief system. Many Christian groups have used ideas of this movement to hold back these bad forces. These ideas mainly come from Christian demonology. A way to fight these forces is by using prayer. Exorcisms (removing demons), laying-on of hands, fasting, or anointing with oil are also used.


Some well known people, such as Bill Ellis, Elliot Miller (Christian Research Institute), and Gretchen Passantino have claimed that ideas in spiritual warfare are based on Christian stories that are not from the Bible. These stories are not considered true by Christians who believe that only the Bible is fact.


Procellariidae

The family Procellariidae is a group of seabirds. It is made up of the fulmarine petrels, the gadfly petrels, the prions, and the shearwaters. This family is part of the bird order Procellariiformes (or tubenoses), which also includes the albatrosses, the storm-petrels, and the diving petrels.

Puffinus

Puffinus is a genus of seabirds in the order Procellariiformes. It is made up of about 20 small to medium-sized shearwaters. Two other shearwater genera are named: "Calonectris", which comprises three large shearwaters, and "Procellaria" with another four large species. The latter are usually called 'petrels', although they are thought to be more closely related to the shearwaters than to the other petrels. Even though their name looks like "puffin", the puffins are auks, and not related to the shearwaters in the genus "Puffinus"; the genus name "Puffinus" is actually a New Latin loanword based on the English "puffin".

Genus "Puffinus"


No Mercy (2008)

No Mercy (2008) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on October 5, 2008 at the Rose Garden in Portland, Oregon. It was the eleventh and final No Mercy event held by the WWE. 


No Mercy (2006)

No Mercy (2006) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on October 8, 2006 at the RBC Center in Raleigh, North Carolina. It was the ninth No Mercy event held by the WWE and was a SmackDown! brand-exclusive event. 


Shooting of Trayvon Martin

The shooting of Trayvon Martin was a killing which resulted in the death of a 17-year-old in Sanford, Florida, United States. It happened on the night of February 26, 2012. Martin was shot by George Zimmerman. The case has been given a lot of coverage by the media. Zimmerman was declared not guilty of manslaughter. However, many people believe Zimmerman racially discriminated Martin.

Trayvon Martin was African American. He was a 17-year-old high school student at the time. Martin had been walking to his father's girlfriend's house, where he was staying. He had gone to the 7-Eleven to buy a packet of Skittles. The house was in a gated community. The shooter, George Zimmerman, was the coordinator of the neighborhood watch in this community. Zimmerman is a mixed race Hispanic man. He shot Martin in the chest, killing the teenager.

When he was shot, Martin had been talking on his mobile phone to his girlfriend. He was wearing a hoodie. Zimmerman had thought Martin looked suspicious. He called the emergency telephone number (911) and the operator told him that he did not need to follow Martin. Zimmerman did anyway. People are not sure what happened after this. When police arrived at the location of the shooting, Zimmerman said that Martin had punched him in the nose and knocked him onto the pavement. Martin had not been carrying a weapon when he was shot. 

Police did not arrest Zimmerman until six weeks later. This was because of Florida's stand-your-ground law, which allows people to shoot others in order to defend themselves. Zimmerman was put on trial. On July 13, 2013, a jury decided that he was not guilty of second-degree murder and manslaughter. Protests were held in more than 100 cities in the United States by people who thought that decision was unfair. President Barack Obama spoke in response to public anger about the trial verdict on July 19. He said, "Trayvon Martin could have been me, 35 years ago". Maddy, a juror for the trial, told ABC News that Zimmerman "got away with murder".

The media coverage about this case has continued even after Zimmerman was declared not guilty.

Geraldo Rivera said on "Fox and Friends", "I think the hoodie is as much responsible for Trayvon Martin's death as much as George Zimmerman was." This made a lot of people angry. They said it was victim blaming.

An episode of the cartoon comedy "South Park", "World War Zimmerman", was shown in October 2013. It parodied Zimmerman's trial. Jack Cashill wrote a book about the case called "'If I had a Son': Race, Guns, and the Railroading of George Zimmerman". It was published in October 2013.

Zimmerman was arrested on November 18, 2013. Police said that he was going to be put in prison. TMZ said that Zimmerman attacked his pregnant girlfriend. He has been charged with aggravated assault, domestic violence battery, and criminal mischief. Zimmerman was released on bail.

In October 2013, Martin's mother, Sybrina Fulton, demanded changes to the Stand Your Ground law. She said the law "creates many opportunities for people to commit terrible acts of violence and evade justice". She and Martin's father, Tracy Fulton, started the Trayvon Martin Foundation in 2012 to help victims of injustice.

Neighborhood watchers in Sanford are now banned from carrying guns and following people. This is to avoid another event like Martin's killing and to make the neighborhood watch's reputation better.


No Mercy (2005)

No Mercy (2005) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on October 9, 2005 at the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas. It was the eighth No Mercy event held by the WWE. 


Léon Foucault

Jean-Bernard-Léon Foucault (born September 18, 1819, Paris, France—died February 11, 1868, Paris), was a French physicist. He introduced and helped develop a way of measuring the absolute velocity of light with extreme accuracy. He provided experimental proof that the Earth rotates on its axis.

Foucault was educated for the medical profession, but his interests turned to experimental physics. With Armand Fizeau, he began a series of investigations of light and heat.

Schistosoma mansoni

Schistosoma mansoni is a parasite found in the intestines of humans. It is a trematode that is one of the major agents of the disease intestinal schistosomiasis. 

No Mercy (2004)

No Mercy (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on October 3, 2004 at the Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford, New Jersey. It was the seventh No Mercy event held by the WWE. 


Pristichampsus

Pristichampsus (also known as the saw crocodile) is an extinct crocodylian that grew to 3 metres in length. There are many different species: "P. rollinatii", the type species from France, "P. vorax" from Wyoming and Texas, and "P. geiseltalensis" from Germany. 

Belly (movie)

Belly is a 1998 crime melodrama. It is about African American men and women who are caught up in violent drug-filled problems around New York City and Omaha. They begin off as friends who have elegant times and rob from others to make a living. Their friendship, however, goes downhill when their friends are raided by police and federal agents in Omaha and in New York. One friend is killed in the raid, and another gets arrested, after which he calls the girlfriend of his close associate while her telephone is wiretapped. That causes the close associate to turn against him. This movie has two different versions: one is longer than another. It was released November 1998. The reviews of the movie were not that positive. The movie was not a good performer at the box office.


Tropical Storm Debby (1994)

Tropical Storm Debby was a severe storm in some areas of the Caribbean region in September 1994. The highest winds of Debby were 70 mph. The storm did between $100 million to $130 million overall in damage. Nine people died because of this storm. Puerto Rico, Montserrat and the Dominican Republic were affected especially bad. Despite the severity, the name Debby was not retired the following spring.

Kathleen Hanna

Kathleen Hanna (born November 12, 1968) is an American musician and feminist activist. Her music is mostly punk rock and indie rock. She was the singer of Bikini Kill from 1990-1997. In 1998 she released a solo album called "Julie Ruin". In the same year she formed Le Tigre with her friend Johanna Fateman. In 2010 she formed a band called The Julie Ruin. They released their first album "Run Fast" in September 2013. The band went on tour after the release to support the album.

Hanna had Lyme disease for several years. She is married to Adam Horovitz, musician in the Beastie Boys. Some people, including Hanna herself, refer to her as radical feminist, she is an icon for women all across the globe. Hanna was born in Portland, Oregon, and later raised in Maryland. She lives in New York.

Tortello Amaro di Castel Goffredo

The Tortello amaro di Castel Goffredo is a type of stuffed pasta like ravioli. It is a recognized traditional food product of the Lombardy region, typical of the Castel Goffredo in the province of Mantua.

2010–11 New York Knicks season

The 2010–11 New York Knicks was the 65th season of the New York Knicks in the National Basketball Association (NBA).


 Total: 42–40 (Home: 23–18; Road: 19–22)

<br>


Lenzie Academy

Lenzie Academy is a secondary school in the town of Lenzie in the East Dunbartonshire council area of Scotland. Pupils from Lenzie, the village of Auchinloch and southern parts of Kirkintilloch go to the school. 
The school has had a number of pupils grow up to be famous in different fields.



Roman food

Roman food was mainly obtained from the Mediterranean area and Gaul (now France). Romans enjoyed foodstuffs from the trade networks of the Roman Republic and Empire. Keeping up the food supply to the city of Rome was a major political issue in the late Republic. It became one of the ways the emperor expressed his relationship to the Roman people.

Three meals a day was normal in ancient Rome, as today. In the morning, a breakfast called the "ientaculum" was served at dawn. Later, around 11:00 am, Romans ate a small lunch, and in the evening, they ate the "cena", the main meal of the day. In the Empire period, the "cena" increased in size and diversity. It was now eaten in the afternoon. The "vesperna", a light supper in the evening, was abandoned, and a second breakfast was introduced around noon, the "prandium".

In the lower strata of society, the old routine was kept: it corresponded more closely to the daily rhythms of manual labor.

Originally flat, round loaves made of emmer (a cereal related to wheat) with a bit of salt were eaten; among the upper classes, eggs, cheese, and honey, along with milk and fruit were also consumed. In the Empire period, around the beginning of the Christian era, bread made of wheat was introduced. Later, more and more wheaten foods began to replace emmer bread. Poor romans ate bread, vegetable, soup and porridge. Meat and shellfish were a luxury, unless they lived in the countryside and could go hunting or fishing.

The bread was sometimes dipped in wine and eaten with olives, cheese and grapes. They also ate wild boar, beef, sausages, pork, lamb, duck, goose, chickens, small birds and fish. Romans liked to make mealtimes fun by roasting hare with wings stuck on them to look like a flying horse.

At dinner slaves gave guests small hot bread rolls to wipe their plates clean. Roman flour contained a lot of dust and bits and this made bread so coarse that it wore down people's teeth. 
The wealthier Romans liked to eat snails flattened on milk, peacock's brains and flamingos tongues.

Among the upper classes, who did not do manual labor, all business was done in the morning. After the "prandium", a visit would be made to the baths. Around 2 p.m., the "cena" would begin. This meal could last until late in the night, especially if guests were invited, and would often be followed by a round of drinks.

In the period of the kings and the early republic, but also in later periods (for the working classes), the "cena" essentially consisted of a kind of porridge, the "puls". The simplest kind would be made from emmer, water, salt and fat. The more sophisticated kind was made with olive oil, with an accompaniment of assorted vegetables when available. The richer classes ate their "puls" with eggs, cheese, and honey and it was also occasionally served with meat or fish.

Over the course of the Republican period, the "cena" developed into two courses: a main course and a dessert with fruit and seafood (e.g. molluscs, shrimp). By the end of the Republic, it was usual for the meal to be served in 3 parts: 1 course ("gustatio"), main course ("primae mensae"), and dessert ("secundae mensae").

In contrast to the fine banquets, poor people ate the cheapest foods, so they had for breakfast grain made into twice-baked bread and porridge, and for lunch a vegetable and meat stew. The vegetables available included millet, onions, turnips, and olives with bread and oil on the side.
At dinner they had thin soup or meat with cheese, and a pudding of honey.

The Romans mainly drank wine, the main drink of the Empire, and water. The wine could be laced with spices and honey to improve the taste. Slaves poured wine and honeyed water in flasks. Slaves filled goblets with wine from large dishes. However, drinks such as milk were considered uncivilised and hence were only used for children, medical purposes and making cheese. The wine drunk across the empire was produced in Italy, Africa, Gaul, Spain and Greece. Beer was also drunk by Romans in Britain.

Roman kitchens were usually small rooms, simply equipped with built-in clay ovens and wooden cupboards. A charcoal fire heated a brick hearth, where the cook fried or cooked food in earthenware or bronze pots for baking or roasting. They placed meats in the ashes. The Roman kitchens were small compared to the one we have today. The kitchen would also have large jars of olive oil, wine, vinegar and fish sauces, as well as a mortar for grinding up spices. Only richer people had kitchens, although they didn't cook because their slaves did it. Despite the simple facilities, the cooks and slaves produced spicy dishes of shellfish, wild boar, fruits and sweets.

No Mercy (2003)

No Mercy (2003) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on October 19, 2003 at the 1st Mariner Arena in Baltimore, Maryland. It was the sixth No Mercy event held by the WWE. 


Catopuma

Catopuma is a genus containing two small Asian felines, the bay cat ("C. badia") and the Asian golden cat ("C. temminckii"). The bay cat is sometimes classified as "Pardofelis bardia", and the marbled cat is also in that genus. Because the genetic evidence is that all three cats are closely related, they will probably all be put in "Catopuma" eventually.

The bay cat and the Asian golden cat are typically reddish brown in colour, with darker markings on the head. They live in forests in South East Asia. The bay cat is only found on the island of Borneo.

No Mercy (2001)

No Mercy (2001) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on October 21, 2001 at the Savvis Center in St. Louis, Missouri. It was the fourth No Mercy event held by the WWF. 


No Mercy (2000)

No Mercy (2000) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on October 22, 2000 at the Pepsi Arena in Albany, New York. It was the third No Mercy event held by the WWF.


No Mercy (1999)

No Mercy (1999) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on October 17, 1999 at the Gund Arena in Cleveland, Ohio. It was the second No Mercy event held by the WWF. 


José María Morelos

José María Morelos y Pavón (30 September 1765 – 22 December 1815) was a Mexican Roman Catholic priest and revolutionary rebel leader. He led the Mexican War of Independence movement. He led the movement after the execution of Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla in 1811. He was later captured by the Spanish colonial authorities. He was executed for treason in 1815, in San Cristóbal Ecatepec.

Morelos was born in the city of Valladolid, which is now Morelia, Michoacán...

No Mercy (UK)

No Mercy was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on May 16, 1999 at the Manchester Evening News Arena in Manchester, England. It was the first No Mercy event held by the WWF. 

Pain &amp; Gain

Pain & Gain is a melodramatic 2013 criminal-comedy movie. It is about events which take place between late 1994 until mid 1995. These events involve several gangsters called The Sun Gym Gang. They kidnap several people, kill others, use steroids, rob armored vehicles and do certain drugs. The events within the movie, however, are fictionalized or made up versions for events that actually happened. The events did happen, although the real-life events are far different from those in "Pain & Gain". The movie got mixed reviews, only half of which were good or positive. It performed well, though, in the overall box office. It was released April 26, 2013. Mark Wahlberg and Dwayne Johnson are in this movie.

Sooner or Later

"Sooner or Later" is a jazz ballad sung by Madonna. It is from the soundtrack of the movie "Dick Tracy". The song was released in 1990. It won an Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 1991 Academy Awards. Several other musicians have covered this song.

Unforgiven (2007)

Unforgiven (2007) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on September 16, 2007 at the FedExForum in Memphis, Tennessee. It was the tenth Unforgiven event held by the WWE. 


WWE TLC: Tables, Ladders &amp; Chairs

TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs is a yearly pay-per-view event from WWE. The matches during the TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs pay-per-views usually center around TLC matches. TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs replaced Armageddon in WWE's December slot of their pay-per-view calendar.


Extra Playful

Extra Playful is the third EP by multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in September 2011. It was his first album on Double Six Records label.

All songs written and composed by John Cale.

Unforgiven (2006)

Unforgiven (2006) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on September 17, 2006 at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario. It was the eighth Unforgiven event held by the WWE.


Tommy Flowers

Thomas Harold Flowers, BSc, DSc, OBE (22 December 1905 – 28 October 1998) was a British engineer. During World War II, Flowers designed Colossus, the world's first programmable electronic computer, to help solve encrypted German messages.

The first Mark 1, with 1500 vacuum tube valves, ran at Dollis Hill in November 1943, and then at Bletchley Park in January 1944.

A Mark 2 redesign with 2,400 valves had begun before the first computer was finished. The first Mark 2 Colossus went into service at Bletchley Park on 1 June 1944, and immediately produced vital information for the imminent D-Day landing.

Flowers had a crucial meeting with Dwight D. Eisenhower and his staff on 5 June. A courier handed Eisenhower a note summarizing a Colossus decrypt. This confirmed that Hitler wanted no additional troops moved to Normandy, as he was still convinced that the preparations for the Normandy invasion were a diversionary feint. Eisenhower announced to his staff, "We go tomorrow".

Earlier, a report from Field Marshall Rommel on the western defences was decoded by Colossus and showed that one of the drop sites for a US parachute division was the base of a German tank division. The site was changed.

Years later, Flowers described the design and construction of these computers.

Penda of Mercia

Penda ( 606 - 15 November 655) was a 7th century King of Mercia. He was a noble of the royal house of Mercia and a pagan his entire life. Penda was the central figure in English history from 632 until his death. Penda treated every Northumbrian king as his enemy, especially if that king had any influence in southern England.

Penda was a son of Pybba of Mercia. At his father's death in Penda was still an infant. Ceorl ruled Mercia following Penda's father. There are indications Penda was an underking in Mercia probably in charge of Western Mercia. This would have included the territory of the Hwicce. Later Penda had close ties to the Hwicce when he was king of Mercia.

In 626, according to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle: "This year Penda succeeded to the kingdom [of Mercia] and reigned thirty winters." As king of Mercia Penda's first victory came in 628. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for 628 says that Cyngils, king of Wessex, and Cwichelm his son 'fought with Penda at Cirencester and came to an agreement with him there'. The 'agreement' seems to have been to give Cirencester to Penda. It's likely Penda also got the territory of the Hwicce at this time. The agreement or treaty also seems to have been a marriage alliance. Penda married Cynewise, probably a sister of Cynegils. He formed an alliance with Cadwallon ap Cadfan of Gwynedd. Cadwallon was known to have been very hostile towards the Northumbrians. In 633 Penda joined him in invading Northumbria. At Battle of Hatfield Chase their combined armies defeated and killed King Edwin of Northumbria. Cadwallon remained in Northumbria for a year destroying everything he could. Penda left and returned to Mercia. He brought with him Eadfrith, the son of Edwin, as a prisoner possibly to set up as a puppet ruler in Northumbria under Penda. But Penda had him murdered a few years later. 

Sometime after 633 Penda killed two East Anglian kings, Sigebert and Egric, in battle. He set up a vassal king in East Anglia. About 635 Penda's brother Eowa became a king in Mercia along with Penda. Possibly he ruled northern Mercia while Penda ruled in the south. In Cadwallon, Penda's ally, was defeated and killed by King Oswald of Northumbria. The armies of Oswald and Penda met in 641 at Maserfelth (later called Oswestry in Shropshire). What events led to the battle is not recorded. Penda defeated and killed Oswald. This left Penda the most powerful king in England. Nothing indicates that Penda claimed to be overlord however. In 643 Cenwalh succeeded Cynegils as king of Wessex. Cenwalh married a sister of Penda of Mercia. But in 645 when Cenwalh her (set her aside) in favor of another wife, Penda invaded Wessex. Penda drove Cenwalh into exile in East Anglia. While in exile, Wulfhere, the son of Penda, took a great deal of territory away from Wessex. He gave the Isle of Wight to Aethelwalh, King of Sussex. Cenwalh returned to his kingdom . In 650, possibly to teach him a lesson for sheltering Cenwalh, Penda drove King Anna of East Anglia out of his kingdom. Penda killed Anna in battle in .

After King Oswald's death, Northumbria divided back into the two previous kingdoms of Bernicia and Deira. Each had their own king. Oswiu of Northumbria became king of Bernicia. He was Oswald's brother and Penda had a particular contempt for him. In 653 Deira came under Mercian control. In 654, hoping to put an end to Oswiu, Penda gathered all his allies and invaded Bernicia. Called the battle of the Winwaed he marched against Oswiu with 'thirty legions'. On Sunday, 15 November 655 the two armies met in battle near Leeds. Although he had the larger army Penda was killed. This established Oswiu as king of all Northumbria and as overlord of all the English south of the River Humber. Penda was succeeded by his son Peada.

Penda married Cynewise, his only known wife. All his children became Christian. Penda was the father of:



Unforgiven (2005)

Unforgiven (2005) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on September 18, 2005 at the Ford Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. It was the seventh Unforgiven event held by the WWE. 


P. G. T. Beauregard

Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard (May 28, 1818 – February 20, 1893) was an American military officer, politician, inventor, writer, civil servant. He was the first prominent general of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. Today, he is known as P. G. T. Beauregard, but he rarely used his first name as an adult.

Beauregard was born on May 28, 1818 in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana. He was raised in New Orleans, Louisiana. Beauregard studied at the United States Military Academy.

After the South seceded, he resigned from the US Army and became the first Confederate brigadier general. He commanded the defenses of Charleston, South Carolina, at the start of the Civil War at Fort Sumter on April 12, 1861. Three months later he won the First Battle of Bull Run near Manassas, Virginia.

Beauregard was married to Marie Antoinette Laure Villeré from 1841 until her death in 1850 after giving birth to their third child. They had three children, René, Henri, and Laure. Then he was married to Caroline Deslonde from 1860 until her death in 1894. They had no children.

Following his military career, Beauregard returned to Louisiana, where he served as a railroad executive. He became wealthy because of his role in creating the Louisiana Lottery.

Beauregard died on February 20, 1893 in his sleep from heart disease in his New Orleans, Louisiana home. He was 74 years old. He was buried at Metairie Cemetery in New Orleans, Louisiana.



Ken Hechler

Kenneth William "Ken" Hechler (September 20, 1914 – December 10, 2016) was an American politician. A member of the Democratic Party, he represented West Virginia in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1959 to 1977. Hechler was the West Virginia Secretary of State from 1985 to 2001. He was currently the oldest living person to have served in the United States Congress.

Hechler was born in Roslyn, New York on September 20, 1914. He studied at Swarthmore College and later attended Columbia University.

Hechler faced a close race for the first (and as it turned out, only) time in 1972. Following the 1970 Census, West Virginia's population was low. The state legislature merged Hechler's district with most of the old 5th District, comprising several coal-mining counties around Bluefield and Beckley.

The 5th had been represented by Democrat James Kee of Bluefield since 1965, and members of his family had held the district continuously since 1933. On paper, the new district favored Kee, who retained 65 percent of his former territory. However, Hechler routed him in the Democratic primary by almost 26 points and easily won reelection in November. He was reelected in 1974 after being unopposed in the primary and general election.

In 1976, he entered a multi-candidate primary for governor, but lost that statewide race by a large margin. In 1984 he ran for West Virginia Secretary of State and won. He was re-elected in 1988, 1992, and 1996. n 1990, he again ran, in the middle of his Secretarial term, for his old Congressional seat, but was defeated by Rahall in the primary. In 2004 he ran yet again for his old post as Secretary of State. This time, he won the Democratic primary by a plurality, but lost the general election to Republican Betty Ireland.

Since 2004, Hechler has campaigned against mountaintop removal mining. On June 23, 2009, Hechler, then aged 94, participated in a protest near mountaintop removal mining sites in the West Virginia coalfields in the Coal River Valley along with others. He was one of 29 protesters arrested for trespass.

Hechler died under hospice care in Romney, West Virginia on December 10, 2016 from a stroke, aged 102.


Unforgiven (2004)

Unforgiven (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on September 12, 2004 at the Rose Garden in Portland, Oregon. It was the sixth Unforgiven event held by the WWE. 


Jersey Girl (2004 movie)

Jersey Girl is a 2004 American drama-comedy movie. It was written and directed by Kevin Smith. It was produced by Scott Mosier. It stars Ben Affleck, Liv Tyler, Raquel Castro, George Carlin, Jason Biggs, Jennifer Lopez, Stephen Root, and Will Smith. Jason Lee, Matt Damon, and Betty Aberlin had cameo appearances. 

It was released on March 26, 2004 to negative reviews. Critic Roger Ebert thought the movie was good because he gave it 3.5 out of 4 stars. 

Birmingham Central Library

Birmingham Central Library was the main public library in Birmingham, England. It closed on 29 June 2013 and was replaced with the Library of Birmingham.

It was once the largest non-national library in Europe. 

Pybba of Mercia

Pybba ( ) (also Pibba or Wibba) was an early Anglian King of Mercia. He is the common ancestor of the Mercian kings in the four Mercian . As such he's considered by many historians to be the first known king of Mercia. He was the father of kings Penda and Eowa.

Pybba was the son of Creoda. The probable dates of his reign are from –. Henry of Huntingdon placed him in this same time period: "When Ceolric [ Ceol ] reigned over Wessex [591–597], Aethelfrith over Northumbria [593–616], and Pybba over Mercia, King Aethelberht of Kent and the Kentish people were converted to the faith [–]..." By this he is dated from the last decade of the 6th century into the first decade of the 7th century. The Mercian kings down to Ceolwulf all claimed to be descendants of Pybba. He also had a daughter who married (as his first wife) Cenwalh of Wessex Pybba either died or was deposed in .


Gong Li

Gong Li is a Chinese actress. She helped bring Chinese cinema to Europe and the United States.

She has several awards. She received both the Golden Rooster and the Hundred Flowers Awards two times. She also has the Berlinale Camera, Cannes Festival Trophy, National Board of Review, New York Film Critics Circle Award, and Volpi Cup.

Gong Li became a Goodwill Ambassador of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) on 16 October 2000.

St Paul's Girls' School

St Paul's Girls' School is a private secondary school for girls in Hammersmith, London. The headmistress is Clarissa Farr. It was started by the Worshipful Company of Mercers in 1904 as a female version of St Paul's School. It is one of a few schools in England that does not have a uniform, but there are strict rules about 'cleavages, thighs and midriffs'. The students are called Paulinas.

St Paul's is ranked the best secondary school in London. In 2012, 99.1% of A Level grades were A*-B. In 2013 100% of GCSE results were A*-B (as in the four previous years) and 91.2% were A*, the highest percentage ever at the school or in the country. Famous women who were pupils there include Carol Thatcher, Rachel Weisz, Dodie Smith, Jennifer Saunders, Kitty Godfree, and Onora Sylvia O'Neill, Baroness O'Neill of Bengarve. 100% of Paulinas go on to university and 45% go to Cambridge or Oxford.

New Apostolic Church

The New Apostolic Church (NAC) is a Christian denomination. It divided from the Catholic Apostolic Church by the 1863 Schism of Hamburg. The church has congregations in all around the world and about 10 million members worldwide. The international head quarter of the New Apostolic Church is located in Zurich (Switzerland).

Charity and the Second Coming of Christ are the main ideas of the New Apostolic Church. Most of its ideas are related to mainstream Christianity. It also has a liturgy similar to Protestantism and it is organized like the Roman Catholic Church.

The church calls itself the Early Church. Its spiritual leaders call themselves Apostles.


Unforgiven (2003)

Unforgiven (2003) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on September 21, 2003 at the Giant Center in Hershey, Pennsylvania. It was the sixth Unforgiven event held by the WWE. 


Coding theory

Coding theory is the study of properties of codes and how good they are for a use in the real world. Codes are used for data compression (where data is made smaller), cryptography (where data is changed into a form that not everyone can read), and error correction. Codes are studied by different scientific disciplines for designing data transmission methods that are efficient and reliable.

Wycombe Abbey

Wycombe Abbey is a private secondary boarding school for girls in High Wycombe, England. It has one of the best girls' boarding school exam results in the United Kingdom.

37% of students go on to Oxford or Cambridge universities. It was started in 1896 by Dame Frances Gove. The headmistress is Rhiannon Wilkinson. It costs £11,100 per term for boarders. All girls year 79 have to learn Latin. It is a Church of England school with its own chapel.

Lollardy

Lollard or Lollardy was a religious movement that started in the Middle Ages. It began in the middle of the 14th century during the English Reformation. "Lollard" is a word used to refer to those who believed in John Wycliffe's ideas., He was a well-known theologian who was expelled from the University of Oxford in 1381 because he criticized the Catholic Church. He mainly did this using his teaching about the Eucharist. The Lollards wanted to reform Western Christianity.

Holiness movement

The holiness movement is about certain of beliefs and practices that came from Methodism in the 19th-century. It also refers to some groups of evangelical Christianity who believe that these ideas are central doctrine. The movement is distinguished by its focus on John Wesley's teaching of "Christian perfection" . It says that it is possible to live free of sin, and specifically by the belief that this can be done instantly by preforming a second work of grace.


John Chrysostom

John Chrysostom ( 347–407) was an Archbishop of Constantinople and an important Early Church Father. He is known for his powerful and persuasive words in preaching and public speaking. After his death in 407 C.E., he was given the Greek title "chrysostomos", meaning "golden mouthed" in English.

The Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Churches see him as a saint. He is also recognized by the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Catholic Church as a saint. Western Churches, including the Roman Catholic Church, some Anglican Churches, and parts of the Lutheran Church, celebrate him by making 13 September a holiday. They also celebrate an Eastern feast day of 27 January. The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria also recognizes John Chrysostom as a saint.

John is known mainly as a preacher in Christianity, as well as a theologian and liturgist.


FAO Goodwill Ambassador

The FAO Goodwill Ambassadors Programme started in 1999. The Food and Agriculture Organization is a part of the United Nations. The Ambassadors increase public awareness about hunger in the world. 

Current FAO Goodwill Ambassadors, and the year they were appointed:



David di Donatello

The David di Donatello Award is a film award. It is presented each year by L'accademia del Cinema Italiano (ACI). There are 24 categories as of 2006.

The trophy is a gold David statuette like Donatello's famous sculpture. It is on a square malachite base. A gold plaque shows the award category, year and winner.

The 1956 "David" awarded to Gina Lollobrigida for "Beautiful but Dangerous" was auctioned at Sothebys in 2013.


God's will

God's will is an idea in Abrahamic religions on what God wants to happen. Christians, Jews and Muslims believe that they should do God's will. In the Bible, God's will is for all people ton turn to him (repent) from their sins and live with him forever in Heaven. Christians believe that to do so, they must accept Jesus, God's son, into their lives. Different Christians have different interpretations of what God's will is.



Rebel Wilson

Rebel Melanie Elizabeth Wilson (born 2 March 1980) is an Australian Producer, Writer, Singer and Actress. Her many movies include "Ghost Rider", "Pitch Perfect" and "Bridesmaids". She played Kimberley Boubier in "Super Fun Night". 

Rebel Wilson was born in Sydney, New South Wales. She lives in West Hollywood, California .

Marrella

Marrella splendens is an arthropod known from the middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia. It is the most common animal in the Burgess Shale.

"Marrella" was the first fossil collected by Charles Doolittle Walcott from the Burgess Shale, in 1909. Walcott described "Marrella" informally as a "lace crab" and described it more formally as an odd trilobite. In 1971, Whittington did a thorough redescription of the animal. On the basis of its legs, gills and head appendages, he decided that it was not a trilobite, nor a chelicerate, nor a crustacean.

"Marrella"-like organisms are found in other Cambrian deposits. They are known from sediments as late as the Devonian.

Lawrenceville School

Lawrenceville School is a boarding prep school in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It was started in 1810 by Isaac Van Arsdale Brown, as the Maidenhead Academy. Until 1987 it did not let girls be students. Tuition for boarding students coses $53,320 plus a medical fee of $755, a technology fee of $465, and tuition refund insurance costing $453.

Stowe School

Stowe School is a private school in Stowe, Buckinghamshire in England. Fifteen percent of its students come from other countries. Famous people who went there include Richard Branson, Roger Hodgson, and George Monbiot. It is also a boarding school. Boarders pay £10,325 each term. When three or more children from the same family are at Stowe at the same time, the first and second children pay 10% less and the third pays 5% less.

Stowe School opened on 11 May 1923. There were two boarding Houses, Bruce and Temple. In the school's second term Grenville and Chandos Houses were started in the eastern wing of the mansion.

Middlesex University

Middlesex University is a university in North London, England. It started in 1973/74 as Middlesex Polytechnic. It became a university in 1992. 

Its main campus is in Hendon. This is in Greater London, and within the historic county boundary of Middlesex.

The university has overseas campuses in Dubai since 2004, Mauritius since 2009, and Malta since 2013.

Felsted School

Felsted School is a boarding school in Felsted, England. It is for girls and boys aged 4 to 18. Ofsted rated it 'outstanding' in June 2011. In 2013, 97% of students got 5 A*-C grades in their GCSE examinations. Famouns Pupils such as Oliver Gladwell, Richard Cromwell, Max Malins, Gus Burton and Sarah Brook attend Felsted School

Pate's Grammar School

Pate's Grammar School is a grammar school in Gloucestershire, England. It was started in 1574 by Richard Pate. In 1986 Pate's Grammar School for Girls and Cheltenham Grammar School for Boys were put together. In 2013 The Times called it the fourth best secondary state school in the UK.

Elizabeth Garrett Anderson

Elizabeth Garrett Anderson (9 June 1836 – 17 December 1917) was an English medical doctor and sister of Millicent Fawcett. She is known for being the first woman to qualify as a doctor and surgeon in Britain and for starting a medical school for women. She was also the first female mayor in Britain. She had three children She taught herself French to go to the University of Paris.

Colchester Royal Grammar School

Colchester Royal Grammar School (CRGS) is a grammar school in Colchester. It was started by Master John and Joseph Elianore in 1206. Since 2006 it has had the best A-level results in the country every year. 100% of students get 5 A*-C GCSEs including English and Maths.

Vocaloid

Vocaloid is a music software that's used to make vocals for music. It was created by Yamaha, a company that sells musical instruments, as well as other products. The user can type in lyrics and a melody and it will synthesize singing. Voicebanks for Vocaloid are made by recording samples of singers.

Vocaloid was developed partially through a research project led by Kenmochi Hideki. The people involved in this project later created the company Voctro Labs. Vocaloid was originally not supposed to be a commercial product, but with the help of Yamaha, became the program we know today.

Vocaloid originally only had an English version available, with two English voicebanks, Leon and Lola, being released for it. This changed later on with the release of Kaito and Meiko, which were both Japanese voicebanks.

Vocaloid is meant both for professional and amateur music makers, since Vocaloid is easy to use, so the only limit is the user's skill. Music groups like Livetune and Supercell have made music using Vocaloid voicebanks.

Vocaloid works by taking samples of singers and separating them into parts. These parts are used to form words. Vocaloid voices can be made to sound more realistic by using vibrato and changing things like how breathy a voice sounds.

Yamaha started working on Vocaloid in 2000. They announced it at a German music festival. Vocaloid was originally nicknamed "Daisy" as a reference to the song "Daisy Bell", but eventually they got rid of that name and decided to use "Vocaloid" instead.

Vocaloid 2 was announced in 2007. The way vocals were synthesized was changed, and so was the way the program looked.

Vocaloid 3 was released on October 21st, 2011. A lot of companies that made voicebanks for Vocaloid 2 upgraded their voicebanks to Vocaloid 3 because it sounded better.

Vocaloid 4 was released in 2015, and added a feature which let voicebanks made specifically for Vocaloid 4 sound like they were growling.

Vocaloid 5 was released in 2018, with an overhauled user interface and substantial engine improvements.


The Holt School

The Holt School is a secondary school for girls in Wokingham, Berkshire, England. It has over 1200 girls from ages 11-18. Boys are admitted to the sixth form. The school was founded in the 1930s. It is a specialized language and science college. It is in the top 200 highest achieving schools in GCSE, AS and A level exam results.

Ofsted judged the school to be 'outstanding' and the sixth form to be 'good'. In 2013 88.3% of students got 5 A*-Cs in their GCSEs.

Ofsted

The Office for Standards in Education, Children's Services and Skills (Ofsted) inspects all state schools in England. It writes reports about how good they are. It is funded by the government. It is organised under the Education (Schools) Act 1992. Michael Wilshaw is the head. It hires Additional Inspectors (AI) who do most of the inspections. It also hires Her Majesty's Inspectors (HMI) who come to 6-7% of inspections.

Ofsted's main office is on Kingsway, in central London.


King Edward VII School

King Edward VII School is a secondary school and language college in Sheffield, England started in 1905. It has a sixth form. This means that students can study there until the age of 18. 50% of sixth form students come from other schools in Sheffield. It is named after King Edward VII of the United Kingdom. In 2013 Ofsted said that the school 'requires improvement'.

Seiðr

Seid or Seiðr is an Old Norse word for a kind of sorcery which was practised in Norse society. It is connected with Norse religion. No one knows where seid came from. It was practiced less with the spread of Christianity in Scandinavia. The practice was recorded in Norse stories (sagas) found by archeologists. Many scholars say that seid was like shamanism.
Both male and female Scandinavians practiced this form of magic. By doing so, they were often persecuted by society because they brought a taboo on themselves.

In pre-Christian Norse mythology, seid was associated with the god Odin, their god of war, poetry and sorcery. It was also associated with the goddess Freyja, who was their goddess of love and fertility.

Today, followers of modern paganism adopted forms of magic that they called seid. Their practices have since been studied by many researchers in the field of pagan studies.


Triglyceride

A triglyceride /traiGLIseraid/ is a type of ester that comes from glycerol and three fatty acids. Triglycerides are a type of lipid found in the blood. They help enable the movement of adipose fat and glucose from the liver. Triglycerides are the main molecules that make up vegetable oil and animal fats. They are also a major component of oils found on human skin (sebum). Too much triglycerides has been linked to a number of cardiovascular diseases.

Goetia

Goetia is a practice which involves invoking ("calling") angels and demons. The word came from the 17th-century grimoire "The Lesser Key of Solomon". It describes the calling of seventy-two demons. The book was edited by Aleister Crowley in 1904. It was then called "The Book of the Goetia of Solomon the King".

The word comes from the Greek word (), meaning "charm".


Tyler Breeze

Matthew Clement (born January 19, 1988) is a Canadian professional wrestler and professional wrestling trainer. He is best known for his time in WWE, where he was known by the ring name Tyler Breeze.

From 2010 to 2012, he wrestled as Mike Dalton in WWE's developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW). While he was in FCW, he won the FCW Florida Heavyweight Championship and the FCW Florida Tag Team Championship (with Leakee). In 2013, he joined NXT. That is where he created with the Tyler Breeze character. Breeze is a narcissistic "pretty boy". He is obsessed with taking selfies of himself. Breeze did this even during matches. In 2015, Clement was joined WWE's main roster. He would later team up with Fandango to form a team known as "Breezango". Later, they were called "The Fashion Police". The change in thir name came after they began appearing in a number of comedic skits known as "The Fashion Files". In 2019, Breezango returned to NXT. While they were there, they won the NXT Tag Team Championship in August 2020. In 2021, both wrestlers were released from their contract. They no longer work for the WWE.

In 2019, Clement opened Flatbacks Wrestling in Apopka, Florida, with Shawn Spears. Flatbacks Wrestling is a school where they teach people to become professional wrestlers. 
Clement first wrestled for Power Zone Wrestling in 2007 where he competed under the ring name "Mattias Wild". He had his first match on April 25, 2007 where he defeated Rage O'Reilly.

Clement competed for NWA Extreme Canadian Championship Wrestling for their Wrestling with Hunger charity event. In May 2, Clement won a match against Alex Plexis and qualified for the first round of the 2009 Pacific Cup. He lost in the first round to Billy Suede on June 6, 2009. On September 5, 2009, he teamed with Dan Myers in the first round match for the ECCW Tag Team Championship but they lost against Jamie Diaz and Nick Price. On October 3, 2009, Clement competed in his last match with ECCW before he went to Prairie Wrestling Alliance. During his time in ECCW, he was trained by Lance Storm in Calgary, Alberta. After his time with Prairie Wrestling Alliance was over, he returned to ECCW for a last match on September 11, 2010 where he lost to Billy Suede.

On December 2, 2010, Clement debuted for Florida Championship Wrestling at a live event and made his television debut under the ring name Mike Dalton on the July 17, 2011 episode of FCW TV where he lost to Alexander Rusev. On November 17, 2011, he earned his first win in FCW when he defeated Peter Orlov. He won a Battle Royal on December 15 to earn a number one contenders match for the FCW Florida Heavyweight Championship. He faced Leo Kruger but lost the match. He won the FCW Heavyweight Championship on February 2, 2012 after he defeated Kruger but he lost the rematch and the belt to Kruger after only 21 days.

FCW was rebranded into NXT Wrestling and Clement began wrestling on NXT where he teamed with CJ Parker in a loss to the Ascension (Kenneth Cameron and Conor O'Brian) in his first match. On the August 1, 2012, he teamed with Jason Jordan and they defeated the team of Hunico and Camacho. They lost in a rematch against Hunico and Camacho on August 29.

On the July 24, 2013 episode of NXT, Clement debuted a new gimmick where he plays a narcissistic model under the name Tyler Breeze who loves taking pictures of himself with his cell phone while he competes in his matches.



Nucleoplasm

Nucleoplasm is the contents of the cell nucleus. It is the protoplasm inside the nuclear membrane.

It includes 

The main role of the nucleoplasm is to keep the chromosomes separate from the cell cytoplasm, and support the translating of DNA to RNA

Peada of Mercia

Peada (died 17 April 656) was briefly the King of Mercia. From he had been King of the Middle Angles. Peada was a pagan who accepted baptism in order to marry the daughter of Oswiu of Northumbria.

Peada was a son of King Penda. In he was made king of the Middle Angles by his father. The Middle Angles were a group of peoples located between Mercia and East Anglia. They later became part of Mercia. Peada asked for the hand of Alflaed, daughter of Oswiu of Northumbria. Oswiu agreed on condition Peada and his kingdom became Christian. In 653 Peada was baptised by Finan, Bishop of Lindisfarne, and married Alflaed. On 15 November 655 the armies of Oswiu and Penda met in battle near Leeds. Although he had the larger army, Penda was killed. This established Oswiu as king of all Northumbria and as overlord of all the English south of the River Humber. Oswiu ruled northern Mercia himself, but gave southern Mercia to Peada to rule as king. Peada was murdered five months later - probably upon the orders of his wife Alflaed. Mercians rebelled against Oswiu, and Peada's brother Wulfhere became king of Mercia.


The Day Reagan Was Shot

The Day Reagan Was Shot is a 2001 historical television-movie. It was co-produced by Oliver Stone.

It was based on the events of Ronald Reagan's assassination attempt on March 30, 1981. It stars Richard Dreyfuss and Richard Crenna. It was released on December 9, 2001.


American Cinema Editors

Satellite Awards

Screen Actors Guild Awards

Unforgiven (2002)

Unforgiven (2002) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on September 22, 2002 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the fifth Unforgiven event held by the WWE. 


Kenneth Welsh

Kenneth Welsh, CM (March 30, 1942 – May 5, 2022) was a Canadian-American movie and television actor (sometimes credited as Ken Welsh). He was known for his roles in "Twin Peaks" and in "The Aviator". He also appeared in "The Day Reagan Was Shot" and in "The Day After Tomorrow".

Welsh died on May 5, 2022 in Toronto, Ontario from cancer at the age of 80.


Edwin Meese

Edwin "Ed" Meese, III (born December 2, 1931) is an American attorney, law professor, and author.

Meese was born on December 2, 1931 in Oakland, California. He studied at Yale University and at the University of California-Berkeley.

He served under Ronald Reagan's administration back when Reagan was Governor (1967–1974), the Reagan Presidential Transition Team (1980), and under Reagan's presidential administration (1981–1985). Meese was the 75th Attorney General of the United States (1985–1988), a position from which he resigned while serving in office under investigation from a special prosecutor.

On October 8, 2019, president Donald Trump presented Meese the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor in the United States.



William J. Casey

William Joseph Casey (March 13, 1913 – May 6, 1987) was an American politician. He was the Director of Central Intelligence from 1981 to 1987 under Ronald Reagan. In this capacity he oversaw the entire United States Intelligence Community and personally directed the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).

Casey was born on March 13, 1913 in Elmhurst, Queens, New York. He studied at Fordham University and at Saint John's University, New York Casey died on May 6, 1987 from brain cancer in Roslyn Harbor, New York, aged 74.


Global city

A global city (or world city) is a city that is widely considered to be an important part of the world economy. Most studies recognise New York City and London as the most important global cities, followed by Paris and Tokyo.



Joel Murray

Joel Murray (born April 17, 1963 in Wilmette, Illinois) is an American actor. He has starred many television shows including "Grand", "Love & War", and "Dharma and Greg". He also performed in movies, including "God Bless America", "Monsters University" and "Killing Reagan". His brothers are actor/comedian Bill Murray and Brian Doyle-Murray.

Unforgiven (2001)

Unforgiven (2001) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on September 23, 2001 at the Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It was the fourth Unforgiven event held by the WWF. 


Brian Doyle-Murray

Brian Doyle-Murray (born Brian Murray; October 31, 1945) is an American comedian, screenwriter, actor and voice actor. He is the older brother of actor/comedian Bill Murray and the two have acted together in some movies. He appeared on the movies "Caddyshack", "Scrooged", "Ghostbusters II", "The Razor's Edge" and "Groundhog Day".

Randy Newman

Randall Stuart "Randy" Newman (born November 28, 1943) is an American singer-songwriter, arranger, composer, and pianist. Newman is known for his voice and for his composition works for the Disney Pictures/Pixar movies. He is of Jewish descent and a atheist. He served as became the new voice of the bill following the death of the original voice actor Jack Sheldon

Newman was born on November 28, 1943 in Los Angeles, California. He was raised in New Orleans, Louisiana. Newman studied at University High School and at the University of California, Los Angeles.

Since the 1980s, Newman has worked mostly as a movie composer. His movie scores include "Ragtime", "Awakenings", "The Natural", "Leatherheads", "James and the Giant Peach", "Meet the Parents", "Cold Turkey", "Seabiscuit" and "The Princess and the Frog". He has scored seven Disney-Pixar movie: "Toy Story", "A Bug's Life", "Toy Story 2", "Monsters, Inc.", "Cars", "Toy Story 3", and most recently, "Monsters University".

Newman has been nominated for 20 Academy Awards, winning only two of them. He has also won three Emmys, six Grammy Awards, and the Governor's Award from the Recording Academy. Newman was added to the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2002. In 2007, he was honored as a Disney Legend. Newman was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in April 2013.

Newman was married to Roswitha Schmale, who was born in Germany, from 1967 to 1985, and they had three children. He has been married to Gretchen Preece, with whom he has two children, since 1990.



Unforgiven (2000)

Unforgiven (2000) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on September 24, 2000 at the First Union Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the third Unforgiven event held by the WWF. 


Hundred Flowers Awards

The People's Hundred Flower Award () or Hundred Flowers Awards are movie awards in China. They are like the Golden Globe Award. 

The awards were given in 1962 and 1963. They stopped until 1980. Then the awards were given every year from 1980 to 2004. Since 2004 the Hundred Flowers is awarded on even years. The Golden Rooster Awards are given on odd years.

Beginning in 2006, Chinese-language films from Taiwan and Hong Kong are also allowed to win the awards.

Francisco Martínez Soria

Francisco Martínez Soria (December 18, 1902 – February 26, 1982) better known as Paco Martínez Soria was a Spanish actor. He was born in Tarazona, Zaragoza, Aragon.

During the Spanish Civil War he left his work to be in theatre as an amateur actor. He was part of the theatre company of Rafael López Somoza. After 2 years he formed his own theatre company. He also worked with director Ignacio F. Iquino in 12 films.

Unforgiven (1999)

Unforgiven (1999) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on September 26, 1999 at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was the second Unforgiven event held by the WWF. 


Jean Gabin

Jean Gabin (; 17 May 190415 November 1976) was a French actor. He also sometimes was a singer. Gabin is considered one of the great stars of French cinema. He was made a member of the Légion d'honneur. A museum in Mériel contains his story and features, his war and film memorabilia.

At the age of 19, Gabin received a small role in a Folies Bergère production. He continued acting until he joined the military. After his military service he began acting again. He became part of a troupe that toured South America. After returning to France they worked at the Moulin Rouge.

Gabin gained notice and received roles in films. He became popular after being in films directed by Julien Duvivier. He had many offers to work in Hollywood. When Germany occupied France in World War II, he went to the United States. While there he had a romance with actress Marlene Dietrich. He was difficult to work with and did not have success with his career in Hollywood.

Jean Gabin joined General Charles de Gaulle's Free French Forces. He earned the Médaille militaire and a Croix de guerre for his wartime service in North Africa. 

After the war Gabin returned to acting. For several years his films did not make much money. Then the 1954 film "Touchez pas au grisbi" ("Don't Touch the Loot") was a very profitable international success. Over the next twenty years, Gabin made close to 50 more films.

Division of Scullin

The Division of Scullin is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It includes the northern suburbs of Epping, Lalor, Bundoora, Mill Park and Plenty.

The Division replaced the Division of Darebin in 1968. It was named after Rt Hon James Scullin, Prime Minister of Australia from 1929 to 1932. 

The Division has been held by two generations of the Jenkins family. Harry Jenkins, Sr. was the Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives from 1983 to 1986. His son Harry Jenkins was Deputy Speaker from 1993–1996, second Deputy Speaker from 1996–2007 and was Speaker from 2007 until 2011.


Division of Menzies

The Division of Menzies is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It is covers the suburbs of Bulleen, Croydon Hills, Doncaster, Doncaster East, Donvale, Park Orchards, Templestowe, Templestowe Lower, Warrandyte and Warrandyte South. There are also parts of Ringwood North, Warranwood and Wonga Park in the Division.

The Division was set up in 1984. It was named after Rt Hon Sir Robert Menzies, the longest serving Prime Minister of Australia. 

Kevin Andrews became the Minister for Social Services in the Abbott Government.


Brearley School

The Brearley School is an all-girls private school in New York City. It was started by Samuel A. Brearley in 1884. It costs $39,900 a term. Famous women who went there include Dorothy Schiff, Erica Wagner, Sara Moulton, and Virginia Gildersleeve.

Highclare School

Highclare School is a private school in Birmingham, England. It teaches mostly girls and some boys aged 18 months to 18 years. It was started in 1932. It has three buildings in different areas of Sutton Coldfield and Erdington. They have a 100% pass rate at GCSE.

Naropa University

Naropa University is a private liberal arts college in Colorado. It was started in 1974 by Chögyam Trungpa. It is named after Naropa, a Buddhist Mahasiddha who lived in the eleventh century. It has three campuses: Araphoe, Paramita, and Nalanda.

City of London School for Girls

City of London School for Girls (CLSG) is a private school for girls aged 7-18 in London, England. It was started by William Ward in 1894.

It is associated with the City of London School (a boys day school) and the City of London Freemen's School (a boys and girls day and boarding school).

97% of A Level results are A*-B grades. Over 50% study Maths at A Level. 30% get into Oxford or Cambridge. Famous women who went there include Dido, Tasmin Lucia-Khan, Hermione Lee, and Romola Garai. Charlotte Barbour-Condini is currently a student, who was a finalist for BBC, Young Musician of the Year, on 2012.

C. W. Alcock

Charles William Alcock (2 December 1842 – 26 February 1907) was an English sportsperson. He was important in the development of both international football and cricket. He was also the creator of the FA Cup. He went to Harrow School. He married Eliza Caroline and they had two sons and six daughters.

Brighton College

Brighton College is a boarding school in Brighton, England. It is for boys and girls aged between 3 and 18. Richard Cairns is headmaster. It was started by William Aldwin Soames in 1845. It is a charity school.

Women in Ancient Greece

The status of women in Classical Greece was different in different city states. Women in ancient Delphi, Gortyn, Thessaly, Megara and Sparta could own land, which was the most prestigious form of private property at the time.

In ancient Athens, women were not citizens. Until marriage, women were under the guardianship of their father or other male relative. After marriage, their husband ("kyrios") acted for the wife in all legal matters. Athenian women had limited property rights. Athenian women could enter into a contract worth less than the value of a “medimnos of barley” (a measure of grain). This allowed women to engage in petty trading. 

Slaves, like free women, were not eligible for full citizenship in ancient Athens, but sometimes, rarely, they could become citizens if freed. Women, on the other hand, could never get full civil rights. No women ever acquired citizenship in ancient Athens, and so they were excluded from ancient Athenian democracy.

By contrast, Spartan women enjoyed a status, power, and respect that was unknown in the rest of the classical world. Although Spartan women were formally excluded from military and political life they enjoyed considerable status as mothers of Spartan warriors. As men engaged in military activity, women took responsibility for running estates. 

After many years of war in the 4th century BC, Spartan women owned between 35% and 40% of all Spartan land and property. By the Hellenistic period, some of the wealthiest Spartans were women. They controlled their own properties, as well as the properties of male relatives who were away with the army. Unlike Athenian women who wore heavy, concealing clothes and were rarely seen outside the house, Spartan women wore short dresses and went where they pleased. Spartan women rarely married before the age of 20: this was unusual in the ancient world. Girls as well as boys received an education, and young women as well as young men may have joined in the "Gymnopaedia" ("Festival of Nude Youths").

Some philosophers were in favour of equality for women, but not Plato and Aristotle. Contrary to them, the Stoic philosophers argued for the equality of the sexes. In their view, sexual inequality was contrary to the laws of nature. In doing so, they followed the Cynics, who argued that men and women should wear the same clothing and get the same kind of education. They also saw marriage as a moral companionship between equals rather than a biological or social necessity. The Cynics practiced these views in their lives as well as in their teachings. The Stoics adopted the views of the Cynics and added them to their own theories of human nature. They put their sexual egalitarianism on a strong footing.

Rabbit-Proof Fence (movie)

Rabbit-Proof Fence is an Australian drama movie. It was directed by Phillip Noyce in 2002 for 6 million US dollars.

Marlborough College

Marlborough College is a secondary boarding school in Marlborough, Wiltshire, England. It was started in 1843 for sons of the leaders of the Church of England. It now accepts boys and girls of all religious beliefs, but is classed as a Church of England school. It has a chapel where there is Eucharist every Sunday. It is a member of the G20 Schools Group. It costs £32,280 a year.
First Established in 1849

Lancing College

Lancing College is a private boarding school in Lancing, England for girls and boys aged 13 to 18. Important people who went there include Charles Wollaston, Sir Roy Calne, and Alex Horne. It costs £31,240 a year for boarders.

Institut Le Rosey

Institut Le Rosey, commonly known simply as Le Rosey, is a boarding school in Rolle, Switzerland. It has ~400 students aged 7 to 18.

It was started by Paul-Émile Carnal in 1880 and is Switzerland's oldest private school. Royalty from around the world have been students. No more than 10% of the students come from any one country. Students applying to be seniors must be able to work in English and French. Fees: ~ $136,000 per annum.

This is a school for the rich international set. Before the introduction of the 10% quota (where no more than 10% of the student body may come from one country) different nationalities made up the majority of students at Le Rosey.

In the 1950s and 1960s, most students were Americans, Italians, and Greeks. In the 1970s came the Arabs and Iranians. In the 1980s came Japanese and Koreans, and in the 1990s came the Russians. During the 1990s, came the children of Russian oligarchs, who made up a third of the student body. They "terrorized" other students, which resulted in the withdrawal of at least one non-Russian student.

Since then, quotas have been applied.

The school has three orchestras and two choirs.

January to March the school moves to Gstaad. There they do winter sports like skiing every day. For junior boarders it costs CHF 78,300 a year ($85855). It has been called the world's most expensive school. All subjects are taught in English and French.

Gstaad International School

Gstaad International School is a private preparatory boarding school in Switzerland. It was started in 1962.

Collège Alpin International Beau Soleil

Collège Alpin International Beau Soleil is a private school in Switzerland. It started in 1910. It is located in Villars-sur-Ollon, in Vaud. It is the second most expensive school in the world. It costs CHF 93,000 a year to be a student.

Trinity-Pawling School

Trinity-Pawling School is an all-boys private boarding high school. It is in Pawling, New York. Trinity-Pawling was started in 1907, by Frederick Luther Gamage. The cost to attend is $51,000 a year.

Groton School

Groton School is a preparatory boarding school in Massachusetts. It was started in 1884 by the Rev. Endicott Peabody. It gives free education to students with household incomes below $75,000 a year. It has a chapel, St. John's Chapel. It has 270 students. Boarders pay $53,870 a year.

Forman School

Forman School is a boarding school in Connecticut for students with learning disabilities. It was founded in 1930 by John and Julie Ripley Forman.

Wellington College

Wellington College is a secondary boarding school in Berkshire, South East England for girls and boys. It was started by Queen Victoria in 1859. It is a member of the Rugby Group and the G20 Schools group. 

In 2006 it became the first school to have happiness lessons. The headmaster is James Dahl. 10% of students get into Cambridge or Oxford University.

In 2008 Wellington became the first school to win the Daily Mail Cup in rugby. It has a rackets court. There are 17 houses. 

It gives money to The Wellington Academy, a state school that started in 2009. In 2011 Wellington College International Tianjin was opened in China. Wellington College International Shanghai will open in August 2014.

C-SPAN

C-SPAN (; an acronym for Cable-Satellite Public Affairs Network) is an American cable and satellite television network, created in 1979 by the cable television industry as a nonprofit public service. It televises proceedings of the United States federal government and other public affairs programming. C-SPAN is a private, nonprofit organization funded by its cable and satellite affiliates. It does not have advertisements on any of its television networks or radio stations, nor does it solicit donations or pledges. The network operates independently; the cable industry and the U.S. Congress have no control over its programming content.


Bahá'í calendar

The Bahá'í calendar, named the Badí‘ calendar ("badí‘" means "wondrous" or "unique"), is a solar calendar used by Bábism and the Bahá'í Faith. 

The calendar was created by the Báb and refined by Bahá'u'lláh and the Universal House of Justice. 

Each year starts on "Naw-Rúz", the vernal equinox (in March), and has 19 months. Each month has 19 days. An extra 4 or 5 days are added between the last two months so that the next year also starts on the equinox. Each day begins at sunset. The time of sunset and the time of the equinox are calculated by astronomers. 

The months are known by their Arabic names. The days within each month also use the same names. Here they are with their usual English translations:
Each group of 19 years is called a Váhid. 

Each group of 19 Váhids is called a Kull-i-Shay’.

Year 1 of the Badí' calendar started at Naw-Rúz in 1844 A.D.

Gertrude B. Elion

Gertrude Belle Elion (January 23, 1918 – February 21, 1999) was an American biochemist and pharmacologist. In 1988, she received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine along with Sir James Black, a British coworker.

Elion was born in New York. Elion wanted to pursue a job in science. Although women had a hard time getting a job in science during the Great Depression. Elion started as a cancer researcher in high school. She worked as a lab assistant, food analyst, and high school teacher for several years. While Elion worked, she earned her Master's degree at night. In 1941, she earned her M.S. (Master’s in science) degree in chemistry from New York University.

During World War II, the Wellcome Research Laboratories in Tuckahoe, New York hired Elion as a biochemist. In 1988, she and her colleague, George Herbert Hitchings, received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. They both discovered and developed treatments for previously incurable diseases. Some of those diseases were leukemia and herpes. She became the senior research chemist. Later, she was promoted to the head of the Department of Experimental Therapy.

Elion discovered drugs to treat two deadly diseases. She treated Leukemia and Herpes. She tested her drugs on little children with the disease. She worked with a food and drug company. During her time there were no effective drugs. Because Gertrude discovered and tested these drugs, most children with Leukemia can now be cured. 

Acyclovir was the drug she and George Herbert Hitchings developed. Elion and George worked together. She trained a group that found a cure for AIDS and HIV.

Elion also stopped the rejection of kidney transplants, or when someone healthy donates their kidney to someone sick. While studying for her Master's Degree, she was a lab assistant, food inspector, and high school teacher.

Elion became president of the American Association for Cancer Research (1983-84). She was named the "Higuchi Memorial Award winner". She lectured at the University of Kansas in 1995. She also received a “Master of Science” award in chemistry from New York University in 1941.

Elion was hired as a biochemist during World War II. She focused on chemical compounds and nitrogenous bases. Elion also worked part time as a doctor in Brooklyn. She received an honorary doctorate, the highest medical degree, from George Washington University.

Elion was also the first woman to be admitted into the National Inventor’s Hall of Fame.

Elion graduated from Hunter College with a Bachelor of Art’s Degree in chemistry in 1937.

Gertrude B. Elion held 45 patents. Elion said that her 40 years of research resulted in many cures. Her research also helped many people discover deadly diseases. She also studied about the immune system and viruses as well as biochemistry and pharmacology.

Elion died on February 21, 1999, at the University of North Carolina Hospital.

Gertrude Elion had someone explain of her life in Les Prix Nobel in 1988. She is mentioned in Who's Who 1997 and St. Martin's Press' yearly biographical dictionary.

Haldan Keffer Hartline

Haldan Keffer Hartline ForMemRS (December 22, 1903 – March 17, 1983) was an American physiologist. He was a co-winner (with George Wald and Ragnar Granit) of the 1967 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work in analyzing the neurophysiological mechanisms of vision.


Stephanie Adams

Stephanie Adams (July 24, 1970 – May 18, 2018) was an American model and author. She was the "Playboy" Playmate for November 1992. Orange, New Jersey was her birth place but Adams grew up in New York. She was raised by two of her aunts Joyce and Pearl, former models who encouraged Adams to do modeling when she was 16.

On May 18, 2018, Adams murdered her seven-year-old son and killed herself. The New York City Police Department says that she pushed her son out of a 25th-story balcony, before jumping herself.


Non-coding RNA

A non-coding RNA (ncRNA) is a functional RNA molecule which is not translated into a protein. Less-used synonyms are non-protein-coding RNA (npcRNA), non-messenger RNA (nmRNA) and functional RNA (fRNA). The term small RNA (sRNA) is often used for short bacterial ncRNAs. The DNA sequence from which a non-coding RNA is transcribed is often called an 'RNA gene'.

Non-coding RNA genes include abundant and important RNAs such as transfer RNA (tRNA) and ribosomal RNA (rRNA); also RNAs such as snoRNAs, microRNAs, siRNAs, snRNAs, exRNAs, and piRNAs and the long noncoding RNAs (long ncRNAs). The number of ncRNAs in the human genome is unknown. However recent studies suggest the existence of thousands of ncRNAs. Since the function of newly identified ncRNAs has not been proved, it is possible that many are non-functional.

The first non-coding RNA to be analysed was an alanine tRNA found in baker's yeast. Its structure was published in 1965.

City Montessori School

is a private school in Lucknow, India. It was started in 1959 by Bharti Gandhi and Jagdish Gandhi. It had five pupils. It now has the most students of any school in the world. It has twenty campuses. City Montessori School is known for maintaining high academic standards. They often follow a rigorous curriculum and provide students with a well-rounded education, it consists of modern and well-maintained infrastructure, including well-equipped classrooms, libraries, science laboratories, sports facilities, and technology resources. the school emphasize the importance of extracurricular activities alongside academics. Students are encouraged to participate in sports, cultural events, and clubs to foster holistic development, they typically employ qualified and experienced teachers who are dedicated to providing quality education. The faculty often undergoes regular training to stay updated with the latest teaching methodologies and also to focus on the overall development of students, nurturing not only academic excellence but also character, leadership skills, and social responsibility. It's important to note that while these qualities are commonly associated with City Montessori School individual experiences may vary, and the specific characteristics can differ between different branches of the school. Prospective students and parents are encouraged to research and visit specific branch of the school to get a firsthand understanding of their unique qualities.

WrestleMania X8

WrestleMania X8 was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on March 17, 2002 at the SkyDome in Toronto, Ontario. It was the eighteenth WrestleMania event held by the WWF and was the second WrestleMania to take place in Toronto with the first being WrestleMania VI in 1990. This was the final WrestleMania under WWF name.


Handicap principle

The handicap principle was invented by Amotz Zahavi from Tel Aviv University. It claims to explain the fact that some animals have characteristics that do not necessarily help them survive. 

The peacock is an example. The peacock's tail is long and heavy and actually diminishes its chances of survival. The tail needs a great deal of energy to grow and maintain, it reduces the bird’s agility, and increases the animal’s visibility to predators. Yet, it has evolved. This shows that peacocks with longer tails have some advantage.

So why did it evolutionarily survive? According to the principle, one day, a mutant peahen that likes peacocks with longer tail, looked for a male with this characteristic. The mature male she found was strong enough to survive even though it had a long tail and therefore it is probably stronger than the average peacock. Therefore, its predecessor males are going to be stronger and also to have a long tail while the newborn females are going to like long tails, passing the ideals of the principle to the next generations.

This principle comes in addition to the well-known adaptation part of evolution theory claiming that the one who fits best to its environment survives.

Flame-throated bulbul

The flame-throated bulbul ("Rubigula gularis") is a bird found in south western India. It eats fruit and insects, and lives in thick bushes and trees. It is a part of the bulbul family of birds and is yellow with a black head and red neck.


Bulbul

Bulbuls are a family of birds living in Africa, the Middle East and southern Asia. They are passerine songbirds. There are about 130 species in 24 genera.

Many live in forests: the greenbuls, brownbuls, leafloves, or bristlebills. Most African species are found in rainforests whilst in Asia they live in more open areas.


Wolseley Expedition

The Wolseley Expedition was a military force put together to capture the Canadian Métis leader Louis Riel. It was led by Colonel Garnet Wolsely. The expedition took place in 1870 and went from Toronto to Winnipeg. Because of the fact that the expedition had to carry so much equipment and guns, the Wolsely Expedition is thought to be one of the most difficult in all of recent history.

Bert Diaries

The Bert Diaries are a series of novels written in the form of a diary. They are by Swedish writers Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson. The main character is a teenager named Bert Ljung. Ljung lives in Öreskoga, a fictional town in Sweden, in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The first book was published in 1987. Bert and his friends also have a pop/rock band, the "Heman Hunters".

A TV series was made in 1994. It is directed by Tomas Alfredson and Svante Kettner. It was followed by a movie in 1995, also directed by Alfredson. In late-July 2016 the recording of a new Bert film was announced.

Between 1993 and 2002, and comic book, "FF med Bert", was published Between 1992 and 1999, comic albums were published.




Sune (book series)

The Sune series is a series of children's/youth books by Swedish writers Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson. The books have been published since 1984. The stories are originally a radio series, produced as totally 90 episodes for Swedish radio between the years of 1983 and 1993. The Sune books are set in fictional town of "Glimmerdagg" in Sweden, which just like Berts hometown Öreskoga is located somewhere between Karlskoga-Örebro. There is Söderskolan, for the grades 1–6. The Sune books are told in the third person perspective and using the present tense and uses imperfect during flashback scenes, while Bert is told as a first person narrative.

Instead of being a typical "tough guy" who uses to fight or play soccer, Sune is more interested into girls.



The Kane Chronicles

The Kane Chronicles are a series of fantasy novels by Rick Riordan. The characters are based on Egyptian mythology. The story is set in the same universe as Riordan's "Percy Jackson & the Olympians, The Heroes of Olympus, The Trials of Apollo, and Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard" series.


Jean Marais

Jean-Alfred Villain-Marais (11 December 1913 – 8 November 1998), known as Jean Marais (), was a French actor and director. Marais had over 100 roles in film and on television. He was also known for writing, painting and sculpture.

In the 1950s, Marais became a star of swashbuckling films. He performed his own stunts. After 1970 he mostly worked in plays.


Backlash (2008)

Backlash (2008) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on April 27, 2008 at the 1st Mariner Arena in Baltimore, Maryland. It was the tenth Backlash event held by the WWE.


Jean-Paul Belmondo

Jean-Paul Belmondo (9 April 1933 – 6 September 2021) was a French actor. He was popular during the New Wave of the 1960s.

Belmondo died on 6 September 2021 at his home in Paris, aged 88.

Belmondo was a "Commandeur" of the Ordre national du Mérite He was also "Commandeur" of the Légion d'honneur.

He received a Career Achievement award from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards.

Kana Hanazawa

, was released in 25 April 2012. It was her first single.

GD 61

GD 61 is a white dwarf star. It is 150 light-years from Earth in the constellation Perseus.

An asteroid in the system was detected in 2013 that contains water. This was the first finding of solid or liquid water on an extrasolar body. The asteroid, the first extrasolar asteroid detected, is 26% water by mass, close to the water content of Ceres. This means that a planet, with a rocky surface similar to Earth's, may have existed in the past. The asteroid could be an artifact from this period. It is now possibly part of a debris field from that planet's breakup. Such a planet would have had both a rocky surface and water. These are two key ingredients for life. The researchers used the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph on the Hubble Space Telescope to determine what it is made of. The elements magnesium, silicon, iron and oxygen were detected. These are all components of rocky planets. However, the amount of oxygen is much higher than what was expected. There was also less carbon than expected. This meant there was one possible reason for the extra oxygen. There had to be water there.


Pilgrim of Eternity

"Pilgrim of Eternity" is an episode of "Star Trek" that was created by fans. It was released in 2013. It is the first in a planned web series, "Star Trek Continues". It is a sequel to the original series episode, "Who Mourns for Adonais?".


The crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise are looking into mysterious energy drains from power stations. They find an alien artifact, which begins to draw power from the ship. They destroy the artifact to save themselves, just after Spock (played by Todd Haberkorn) detects two life forms on it. The two forms then materialize on the bridge. one of them is the alien known in Earth's history as the Greek god Apollo (played by Michael Forest). The crew had met him only a couple of years earlier, but he has now aged. He says he was exposed to the energy draining properties of the Realm. This was the destroyed structure. It was built by his race to live in forever. It had malfunctioned and killed all the others of his race. He says he no longer wishes to have people worship him again. After a brief stay in the sick-bay, He starts to want people to idolize him for his singing and storytelling. Captain Kirk (played by Vic Mignogna) demands to speak with him about his behaviors. Apollo uses his telekinetic powers on the captain and others to make them worship him. Meanwhile, the remains of the Realm are still causing difficulties. A crew member dies while he and Sulu (played by Grant Imahara of "Mythbusters") are removing debris from the hull of the Enterprise.

Unlike other Star Trek fan productions, "Pilgrim" had a lead crew made up of film industry professionals. The creators attempted to recreate the style of the original series, in its sets, cinematography, costumes, and acting and storytelling style. They duplicated the dramatic pauses as used in the original, prior to commercial breaks. They primarily used the original series' incidental music, as well as the original theme song and iconic credit typography. They filmed in 4:3 aspect ratio to duplicate the original series' TV format.

Actor Michael Forest, in his 80's during filming, was written into the story as having been artificially aged, as he was supposed to have last encountered the crew of the Enterprise only a few years prior, according to the original series timeline.

As with all such Star Trek fan productions, permission to use copyrighted and trademarked properties from the original series are allowed so long as the production is not-for-profit.

The episode was first shown to the public at the Phoenix Comicon comic book convention on May 26, 2013, and was at the same time released onto the internet, on various streaming services.

Funds for continuation of the series are being raised in part from a Kickstarter campaign, held from Oct 7, 2013 - Nov 6, 2013, which has raised the set goal of $100,000. A second episode in the series, to be directed by Chris White, was in production as of October 2013.


Cat Power

Charlyn Marie Marshall (better known by her stage identity Cat Power; 21 January, 1972) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She has been releasing albums since 1992. Her cover of "Sea of Love" is played in the 2007 movie "Juno".

Her album "Sun", released in 2012, is her best and highest-charting record as of 2013. 

She was born in Atlanta, and has lived in several other states.

Alternator

An alternator is a generator which converts mechanical energy to electrical energy in the form of alternating current. There is one in every car, with the exception of older cars that use a DC generator.

Most alternators use a rotating magnetic field with a stationary armature. The armature reacts to the rotating field and carries the current caused by the rotation. 

In principle, any AC electrical generator can be called an alternator, but usually the term refers to small rotating machines driven by automotive and other internal combustion engines. 

An alternator that uses a permanent magnet for its magnetic field is called a magneto. Alternators in power stations driven by steam turbines are called turbo-alternators.

Alternating current generating systems were known from the discovery of the magnetic induction of electric current. The early machines were developed by pioneers such as Michael Faraday and Hippolyte Pixii.

Capacitance

Capacitance is the ability of a body to store electric charge. A common device to do such task is a capacitor. The SI unit for capacitance is "farad".

formula_1

Where Q is the charge in the object and V is voltage across that object.


Division of Cook

The Division of Cook is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It was set up in 1969 and is named for James Cook, who mapped the east coast of Australia in 1770. It is located in the southern suburbs of Sydney, including Caringbah, Cronulla, Miranda and Sylvania. 
In 2007 there were claims that the Liberal candidate Michael Towke had broken party rules and not told the truth about himself. These claims were later found to be not true. Towke lost his Liberal party position and was replaced with Scott Morrison, former director of the New South Wales Liberal Party. In 2013 Morrison became the Minister for Immigration and Border Protection.


Nieuport 11

The Nieuport 11 is a French single-engine biplane fighter aircraft used during World War I that allowed France to defeat the German Fokker Eindeckers. 
It sometimes called "Bébé" (the French word for "baby") due to its small size.
A more powerful version, the Nieuport 16 was also built, leading to a series of fighters that served into the 1920s.

