American Music Awards

The American Music Awards show is a major American music awards shows (the others are the Billboard Music Awards, the Grammy Awards, and the Country Music Association Awards). Michael Jackson has won 26 awards. This is more American Music Awards than anyone else has won.


Iggy Pop

James Newell Osterberg, Jr. (born April 21, 1947), better known by his stage name Iggy Pop, is an American rock singer, songwriter, and sometimes an actor. He has released five albums with The Stooges. In 1977 he released his first solo album.

Sniper

A sniper is a person who is trained to shoot perfectly at things that are very small or very far away. The sniper's target is usually an enemy. Many military snipers get special training to use a sniper rifle, a special type of gun. Most sniper rifles have a telescope called a sniper scope to help the sniper see the target. Snipers are also trained to be stealthy. Snipers hide or use military camouflage such as a ghillie suit that looks like (and may include some of) the surrounding foliage so that it is hard for the enemy to see them. A sniper is also called a "marksman".

Experienced hunters often share many of the skills that long range shooters need to know. The two jobs are very similar. The word "sniper" came from Britain when highly accurate shooters would hunt–also known as "snipe"–birds that were very hard to see and shoot.

Many police departments have snipers on their SWAT teams. Because police snipers do not always perform the same tasks as military snipers, police snipers are sometimes known as "marksmen".

Snipers shoot targets that are far away. Because the bullet shot by a sniper has to travel a very long distance, the sniper has to be very careful when taking aim. There are three main things that have an effect on the accuracy of the shot. The sniper must plan for these things.

The bullets used by snipers are usually heavy. They are powered by a large amount of gunpowder. This makes the bullet travel very fast. The heaviness makes the bullet less affected by wind. The speed makes the bullet less affected by gravity. A fast bullet reaches a target quicker, before it has time for gravity to affect it. Large fast bullets do more damage to the target than lighter or slower bullets.

Most soldiers are trained so that they can shoot a target that is between to away and hit it with approximately half their shots. Very well trained soldiers, such as the U.S. Marine Corps, can hit a target that is between to away, with approximately half of their shots. A sniper is trained to be able to hit a target over , or half a mile away with almost every single shot. Some snipers are so accurate that they can shoot something out of a person's hand, but they usually aim for the target's head or chest. These areas are harder to miss, and are more likely to disable the target.

A sniper uses a special kind of rifle called a sniper rifle. This rifle is much more accurate than normal rifles. Almost all sniper rifles use a Sniper scope, a special telescope that allows them to see targets very far away. There are two different kinds of sniper rifles: bolt action rifles, which fire a single shot and then must be readied for the next shot, and semi-automatic ("semi-auto") rifles which fire a single shot each time the trigger is pulled.

Typically, bolt-action rifles have a longer range and are more accurate than semi-automatic rifles, however the rate of fire is slower than a semi-automatic rifle, which fires as fast as the shooter can squeeze the trigger. At close ranges, or where a shooter must make a quick follow-up shot, a sniper may prefer to use a semi-automatic rifle instead.
A magazine is used on semi automatic rifles and most bolt action rifles. Magazines hold more shots in the gun and make it much faster to ready the next shot.

Snipers usually wear camouflage clothing, to avoid being seen. Camouflage works by hiding the outline and shape of the human body, so that it is not easily seen. Camouflage does not work very well when the person wearing it is moving because the eye sees movement much better than shapes or colors. Snipers often paint their faces green or black to make them shine less, and blend in with the surroundings. Sometimes snipers wear special camouflage suits, called ghillie suits. Ghillie suits are made of shredded burlap or yute and often have plants attached to them. Snipers will often make several different ghillie suits to help them hide in different kinds of terrain. These suits are very effective at hiding the sniper. Often a sniper can be invisible to an enemy standing right next to him.

Police snipers generally do not need camouflage, because their main job is to make accurate shots, not to hide from the criminal. Sometimes police need to hide, so police snipers are trained in hiding techniques.

Military snipers are chosen for their intelligence, their good sight and their ability to shoot very well. They are trained to use their sight very well. They are trained to see the enemy from far away, and to notice small movements that might show that enemies are near. They are also trained to hide themselves. Snipers use these skills to destroy enemy troops. Snipers generally work in a small unit (or team) of just two people, a sniper and a spotter. The spotter finds targets for the sniper with a telescope. If the sniper misses the target, then the spotter also helps the sniper adjust the next shot so it hits the target. The spotter also protects the sniper from enemies at close range.

Snipers are often used as scouts for the army because they can easily hide themselves from the enemy, even when they are close. They use the sniper scope on their rifles to see farther than most soldiers are able to see. Snipers are often able to notice details and remember information that ordinary soldiers would not. When a sniper is in a team with a spotter, it is usually the spotter's job to use a radio to speak with other military units. The team can report on the enemy position and enemy movements.

In World War I (WWI), there were no special sniper rifles. Instead, snipers used normal rifles with a sniper scope mounted on them.

In World War II, snipers were common. They were an important part of the fighting. Every squad of the Soviet army included sniper or a 'marksman'. Camouflage tactics were developed during this time. Snipers were very useful during the Battle of Stalingrad. One Russian sniper was said to have killed over 240 German troops. Even that wasn't the best. Mihail Surkov killed 702 enemy troops and Semen Nomokonov killed 367 by sniping, including a general.

Police departments train and use snipers. These snipers mainly serve on the SWAT team for their department. Often they are called upon to provide security at special events, or to make sure that other snipers do not murder someone. This job is called counter-sniping. Most police snipers are trained by the military.

Some snipers are famous for having killed hundreds of enemy soldiers. One such sniper is U.S. Marine Corps sniper Carlos Hathcock, who was famous in the Vietnam War for wearing a white feather in his hat. Other snipers are famous for being able to kill an enemy from very far away. Carlos Hathcock held the record for the furthest distance kill for a very long time – his farthest was over . However, in the Afghanistan War, snipers from the Canadian Army broke the record with a shot of . Other snipers are known for difficult shots. For example, Matt Hughes had to make a shot in very high winds by aiming over to the left of the enemy. An example of a famous sniper in WWII is Vasily Zaytsev. He supposedly killed 225 enemy soldiers during the Battle of Stalingrad.

Simo Häyhä (the White Death,bielaja smjert) has more documented kills than any other sniper in history.

Snipers are often used in video games as elite soldiers. Getting a headshot with a sniper rifle is thought of as a hard skill to learn. In some movies, assassins use sniper rifles; examples include "Phone Booth" and "Vantage Point". Sometimes snipers have a bad reputation in the media; for example, in October 2002 two men went on a month long killing spree using a Sniper rifle in the Virginia and Maryland area.



Joe D'Amato

Aristide Massaccesi (15 December 1936 – 23 January 1999), known as Joe D'Amato, was an Italian movie director.

Sniper rifle

A sniper rifle is a type of gun used to accurately shoot targets a long distance away. A person who uses a sniper rifle in the military is called a sniper. 

A sniper rifle is much more accurate than a normal rifle. Almost all sniper rifles use a sniper scope, a special telescope that allows them to see targets very far away. There are two different kinds of sniper rifles: bolt action rifles, which fire a single shot and then the user must ready the next shot, and semi-automatic ("semi-auto") rifles which fire a single shot each time the trigger is pulled, and automatically ready the next shot for firing. Fully automatic rifles, which fire continuously when the trigger is pulled as long as there is ammunition, generally are not used though in rare instances they can be converted into a sniper rifle. In one such instance, a heavy machine gun with a scope, while not a true sniper rifle, set the record for longest kill by a sniper for years, until advances in rifle technology and sniper training allowed a sniper with a true sniper rifle to beat that record.

Typically, bolt-action rifles have a longer range and are more accurate than semi-automatic rifles, however because each round must be chambered by hand, the rate of fire is slower than a semi-automatic rifle, which fires as fast as the shooter can squeeze the trigger. At close ranges, or in situations where a shooter must make a quick follow-up shot, a sniper may prefer to use the semi-automatic rifle instead. Examples of bolt action sniper rifles are the M40, R700, and M24. Examples of semi-automatic ones are the M21, Dragunov, and the M82 Barret .50 caliber.

Sniper rifles range in caliber (the diameter, or width, of the bullet fired in fractions of an inch) from as small as with the .22 LR (long rifle) bullet fired by many small pistols, to as large as with the .50 Browning Machine Gun (BMG) bullet which is fired by vehicle mounted heavy machine guns. Smaller rounds like the .22 LR are often used at very close range with a sound suppressor (commonly called a silencer) to quickly and quietly break street lights or kill vermin and small animals. The round is generally too weak and has too short of a range for longer range work, or shots on human-sized targets. In contrast, large rounds like the .50 BMG are fired out of very large and heavy sniper rifles that are often used for destroying light vehicles and equipment. They can fire at extreme ranges of over a mile, but generally are too bulky, inaccurate at short ranges, and expensive for general purpose work. 

Sniper rifle barrels must be cleaned every day to get rid of any liquid. Not cleaning the barrel can allow to disastrous situations, or even let the barrel explode upon firing.

On 7 October 1777, during the Battle of Saratoga, Timothy Murphy, a rifleman in Morgan's Kentucky Riflemen, shot and killed General Simon Fraser of the British army. Murphy was said to have taken the shot at roughly 500 yards. He was using the renowned Kentucky long rifle. Fraser was leading a recon in force against the rebellious colonists at Bemis Heights in New York. As a result of Fraser's death, the recon failed. This had a direct impact on the overall battle, leading to the British defeat. The Battle of Saratoga was considered one of the turning points of the War for Independence. 

Martin Luther King, Jr. was shot and killed from the bullet of the Remington .30-06 rifle. Another example is when John F. Kennedy was assassinated. He was sniped by a Carcano-type Model 91-38 rifle.

Harry Power

Harry Power (18 May 1819 – 11 October 1891) was born as Henry Johnson in Waterford, Ireland on 18 May 1819. He was a famous Australian bushranger. He is believed to be the man who taught Ned Kelly how to be a bushranger. 

Power was sent to Van Diemen's Land for seven years for stealing a bridle and a saddle. Released in 1848 he moved to Victoria where he set up a horse selling business in Geelong. 

During the gold rush Power went to Maryborough in central Victoria to search for gold. When two policemen tried to arrest him for horse stealing in March 1855, he shot one of them. He was captured and sentenced to prison for 13 years. He was able to escape from HM Prison Pentridge in 1862 and moved to northern Victoria where he met the Kelly, Quinn and Lloyd families. In 1864 he was captured near Beechworth and sent back to prison. He escaped from Pentridge again on 19 February 1869. 

Ned Kelly, who was 13 years old, helped him with several robberies near Beechworth. Power then carried out more than 600 robberies by himself during the year. He had a hideout in a cave looking out over the King River which is still called Power's Lookout. The police offered a reward of ₤500 for his capture. Ned Kelly's uncle, James Quinn, told the police the location of the cave and Power was again caught and sent back to prison.

He was released in 1877 because of concerns for his health. He worked on a farm near Sunbury. In his old age he acted as a guide on a ship set up as a convict museum. In November 1891 he was found drowned in the Murray River, near Swan Hill.

Bahrain, Pakistan

Behrain/Bahrain is a popular hill station in Swat District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Galyat

The Galyat region is an area roughly 50–80 km north-east of Islamabad, Pakistan, on both sides of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa-Punjab border. The word "Galyat" is the plural of the Urdu word "gali", which means an alley between two mountains on both sides of which there are valleys and it is not the highest point in the range. Many of the towns in the area have the word "gali" as part of their names. These are popular summer-holiday destinations in Pakistan. Murree, one of the most popular hill stations of Pakistan, is the largest town of the Galyat area.


Kalam Valley

Kalam is a worth seeing site in Swat valley. Kalam is located at the distance of 100 km from the mingora, in the northern upper part of Swat valley. It is located at the bank of the Suvastu river in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. Kalam is encircled by green hills, thick forests and blessed with mesmerizing Lakes, lively meadows and waterfalls, which make the Valley a must wandering place. It is the birthplace of the Swat River, made of two major tributaries; Gabral River and Ushu River.

It is a vast sub-valley of Swat; is located at an elevation of about 2,000 meters (6, 562 feet) above sea level, and providing a room for a small but fertile plateau above Swat River, making it ideal for farming. A metalled road ends here in Kalam and a shingled road leads to the Ushu and Utror valleys. Visitors can see the snowy mountains from Matiltan, including Falak Sair Mountain, with height of 5, 918 meters (19,416 feet) and an unnamed peak of 6,096 meters (20, 000 feet) height.

According to the population survey of 2017 the population of Kalam valley is 84,434 persons & no of houses are 9810.

Kalam and Dir Kohistani (also called Gawri ) is one of about two dozen languages that are spoken in the mountain areas of northern Pakistan. The name Kohistan in Urdu and Persian means ‘land of mountains’, and Kohistani, when used as the name of a language, can be translated as ‘mountain language’.

The Dardic people of the Kalam region in northern Swat are known as Kohistanis.

The climate in Kalam کالام is cold and temperate. Kalam کالام is a city with a significant rainfall. Even in the driest month there is a lot of rain. The Köppen-Geiger climate classification is Dfb. In Kalam کالام, the average annual temperature is -1.1 °C | 30.0 °F. The rainfall here is around 1361 mm | 53.6 inch per year.


The Kalam Bazaar is the main marketplace and commercial centre of the Kalam valley. Despite being small, Kalam Bazaar has hotels, restaurants, cafes, medical stores, and a good number of general stores. This Bazaar serves as a high street or Downton for locals and tourists in Kalam.

Malam Jabba

Malam Jabba (also Maalam Jabba, ) is a Hill Station in the Karakoram mountain range nearly 40 km from Saidu Sharif in Swat Valley, Sarhad, Pakistan. It is 314 km from Islamabad and 51 km from Saidu Sharif Airport.

Malam Jabba is home to the largest ski resort in Pakistan. The area also contains two Buddhist stupas and six monasteries that are scattered around the resort. The presence of the monuments at such a height indicates that the area has been inhabited for over 2000 years.

Patriata

Patriata also known as New Murree is a hill station in Murree District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is situated 15 km south-east of Murree hill.

Charra Pani

Charra Pani is a hill station in the Galyat region of northern Pakistan.

Invest (meteorology)

An invest in meteorology (weather) (also INVEST) is a labelled area of bad weather that is being looked at for a possible tropical cyclone being made. Invests are labelled by three hurricane centers: the National Hurricane Center, Central Pacific Hurricane Center and Joint Typhoon Warning Center. The labelling of an area of bad weather as an invest does not always mean that a tropical cyclone will be started. Invests have numbers from 90 to 99, with a L in the Atlantic, E and C in the East and Central Pacific in that order, or W in the West Pacific after the number.


Nubra Valley

Nubra () is a valley in the region of Ladakh, India. Diskit, the capital of the Nubra area, is about north from Leh, the capital of Ladakh. Its name is derived from Ldumra (the valley of flowers).

The Nubra River is a tributary of the Shyok River, which flows into the Indus River. It flows in the Ladakh area of Jammu and Kashmir.

Suru Valley

The Suru valley is a valley in the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir, which is drained by the Suru River (Indus), a tributary of the Indus River. It is at a height of . The towns of Kargil and Rangdum are here. The Penzella Pass at Panikhar, a hill resort in Zanskar, divides the Suru valley with Zanskar. Willow and poplar are grown in the Suru valley.

Suru valley has 25,000 by people of Dard and Tibetan descent. The majority of the people are followers of Shi'a Islam, having converted from Tibetan Buddhism in the 16th century under the direction of Thi-Namgyal. Buddhists in the Suru valley live throughout the valley, but are mainly in Rangdum.

Bullet for My Valentine

Bullet for My Valentine often known as BFMV are a heavy metal band from Wales. They have released three albums on the major record label Sony BMG. These albums are entitled "The Poison", "Scream Aim Fire" and "Fever", released in 2006, 2008 and 2010 respectively. they also have a self-titled EP and DVD's of performances live from the O3 Brixton School.



Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol

Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP) (formerly named Jabber) is a protocol for instant messaging. It is inspired by XML.

It is different to most protocols because it is an open standard. This means that anybody who has a domain name and an internet connection can run their own server. Most of the software and the clients are open source.

Other software such as Google Talk and the Gizmo5 use the XMPP protocol. It has been installed on thousands of servers across the internet. There are over five hundred million users who use software based on the protocol. Clients include Pidgin and iChat.

Jeremie Miller started the Jabber project in 1998. The first major public release was in May 2000. This early software was the basis of XMPP. It was a competitor to SIMPLE, which was based on the SIP protocol.

In August 2001, the Jabber Software Foundation (JSF) was started. The main role of the JSF was to manage the XML protocols for XMPP by documenting them. As well as this, the organisation was to co-ordinate the many companies that were using the XMPP technology.

In 2002, the Internet Engineering Task Force created a working group to formalize the protocol. The group was named the "Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol Working Group", or "XMPP WG".

In 2007, Jabber Software Foundation (JSF) became XMPP Standards Foundation (XSF).

XMPP can use HTTP to send data to the servers. This is useful when there are strict firewalls in place, because data can be sent through the web instead of through a different port (port 5222 and 5223).

There are also open public servers which use standard ports (port 80 and 443) so that users can connect from behind most firewalls.


Joe Namath

Joseph William Namath (born May 31 1943, Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania), also known as Broadway Joe, is a former American football quarterback. He is most famous for playing for the New York Jets and winning one Super Bowl with them.

Phil Simms

Phillip Martin Simms (born November 3, 1955 in Lebanon, Kentucky) is a former American football quarterback, and is now a television sportscaster for the CBS network. After playing college football for the Morehead State Eagles, Simms was selected in the first round by the New York Giants as the seventh overall pick in the 1979 NFL Draft. Simms was named Most Valuable Player (MVP) of Super Bowl XXI, after he led the Giants to a 39–20 victory over the Denver Broncos and set the record for highest completion percentage in a Super Bowl, completing 22 of 25 passes (88%), a record that still stands. He was also named to the Pro Bowl for his performances in the 1985 and 1993 seasons.

Shabono

A shabono (also xapono, shapono, or yano) is a hut used by the Yanomami indios, who live in southeastern Venezuela and in northern Roraima, Brazil. This hut is used as temporary shelter and is made with palm leaves and wood. Shabonos are built in clear parts of the jungle. Each family unit has a personal area in the shabono. 

Aaron Rodgers

Aaron Charles Rodgers (born December 2, 1983 in Chico, California, U.S.) is the starting American football quarterback for the New York Jets of the NFL. He played college football in California, starting at Butte Community College before transferring to Cal Berkeley to play for the Golden Bears. The Packers chose him in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft with the 24th pick.

He spent a few years as Brett Favre's backup, and after Brett Favre's first retirement fiasco, was named the starter of the Green Bay Packers. 

He became the Packers' starting quarterback in 2008 after Favre left the Packers to play for the New York Jets. He led the team to a Super Bowl championship in 2010 and was named the game's MVP in Super Bowl XLV. Rodgers is famous for his "championship belt celebration," which was used in commercials for State Farm as "a discount double check." Rodgers's best statistical season was in 2011.

In 2023, he switched to the Jets.

Intellect

Intellect is the capacity of the mind by which one reasons. It does not involve the power to feel and move but the power to think. Subjects like Logic, Philosophy and Mathematics all involve the intellect. The intellect involves the power to identify, associate and differentiate. To identify is to find out what a thing is exactly. To associate is to find similarities between things, how they are alike, how they are like each other. To differentiate is to find out how things are different from each other. The intellect is always involved in at least one of these three activities.


Submission (movie)

Submission was a movie made in 2004. It was directed by Theo van Gogh. Ayaan Hirsi Ali wrote the script. She made the story. The movie is 10 minutes long. The movie title is a direct translation of the word Islam into English.

The movie tells the story of four fictional characters. All four characters are played by a single actress wearing a veil. The woman wears a see-through chador but is otherwise naked. Different verses of the Qur'an are painted onto her body.

The characters shown in the movie are Muslim women who have been abused in different ways. For example, one woman has been raped by someone close to her. These women have a monologue - they speak to themselves.

The movie dramatically highlights three verses of the Quran ( and ). These verses seem make it allowed to treat women badly. The authors of the movie show the verses painted on the women's bodies.

Mohammed Bouyeri assassinated Theo van Gogh, after the movie had been shown on Dutch TV. Bouyeri is a Moroccan-Dutch Muslim who was mad about the movie. The assassination happened on 2 November 2004. A letter linked the murder to Van Gogh's movie and his views regarding Islam. It was addressed to Ayaan Hirsi Ali and called for "jihad" against "kafir". Kafir is an Arabic word for unbeliever, a person who hides, denies, or covers the truth. The letter was also against America, Europe, the Netherlands, and Hirsi Ali herself. After the murder of Van Gogh, tens of thousands gathered in the center of Amsterdam to mourn Van Gogh's death. There were fire-bombings of mosques and Muslim schools. Christian churches were also attacked. Eleven other Muslim men were also arrested, other than Bouyeri. They were charged with conspiracy to assassinate Hirsi Ali.

After the murder of Theo van Gogh, "Submission" gained international fame. It was withdrawn from the International Film Festival Rotterdam. The movie had been scheduled to be shown on Sunday during a discussion on freedom of speech in movie at the festival. Because of the violent murder of Van Gogh, the producer of "Submission", Gijs van de Westelaken, said, "We do not want to take any chance of endangering anyone else who participated in the movie." The movie was shown on television in a number of European countries.

Hirsi Ali has said she would like to make a sequel to the movie because "By not making 'Submission Part II,' I would only be helping terrorists believe that if they use violence, they're rewarded with what they want." When she was asked if she would submit to threats against her life, she said "Not me."


Transmutation

Transmutation is a basic process in alchemy. The most important form of transmutation is the change of lead into gold. Alchemists tried and failed to change "base metals" (metals of very little value) into a metal of high value like gold.

However, more recent work by James Chadwick and Irène Joliot-Curie in nuclear physics has established that radioactivity does lead to elemental changes.

Psychologist

A psychologist is someone who studies and practices psychology as a job. Psychologists study the human mind and behavior. They study human perceptions, emotions, and personality relationships. Clinical psychologists help people overcome mental health issues without the use of drugs. They often use CBT or cognitive behavioral therapy. 

Psychology is the study of the mind, partly by studying what people do, and grounding the observations in science. The goal of Psychology is to gain an understanding of individuals, groups and relationships and how certain personality traits can influence the outcome of any given situation. Psychology tries to gain an understanding of mental functions in an individuals social behaviors, while also exploring the physiological and neurological processes that influence certain functions and behaviours.

Johannes Heesters

Johan Marius Nicolaas "Johannes" Heesters (5 December 1903 – 24 December 2011), known professionally as Johannes Heesters, was a Dutch actor, singer, and entertainer. 

He worked for 90 years, almost always in German-speaking Europe. Heesters was one of the oldest working people in entertainment. Some people disliked Heesters because he once sang for Adolf Hitler and supported Nazi Germany during World War II.

Heesters was married twice: to Belgian actress Louise Ghijs (1906-1985) from 1930 until her death and from 1992-2011 to Simone Rethel. Heesters had two daughters from his first marriage and five grandchildren, eleven great-grandchildren, twenty-five great-great-grandchildren and one great-great-great-grandson as of 2011. His younger daughter Nicole Heesters is a well-known actress in the German-speaking world, as is his granddaughter Saskia Fischer.

On 1 January 2008, he fell down some stairs in his holiday house in Tyrol, Austria, breaking two ribs.

On 29 November 2011, he suddenly fell ill and was rushed to hospital. He was operated on to fit an artificial pacemaker. He was allowed home less than a week later. This was in time to spend his 108th birthday the next day with family. He did not feel strong enough to make the planned stage appearance to sing in celebration of his birthday. He also missed the premiere of his latest movie, "Ten". Due to a relapse in his condition, on 17 December he went back to the hospital. He had a stroke and died on Christmas Eve 2011.





World Bank

The World Bank is an international bank that lends money and other help to developing nations for infrastructure. The World Bank has the goal of reducing poverty.

The World Bank is part of the World Bank Group. The World Bank is made up of only two institutions: the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Development Association (IDA). The World Bank Group has these two, but also three more: International Finance Corporation (IFC), Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), and International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID).

The World Bank is one of five institutions started as the Bretton Woods system in July 1944. The International Monetary Fund is another one. Many countries sent people to attend the Bretton Woods Conference. The most powerful countries with people there were the United States and United Kingdom, which controlled most of the negotiations. 

The World Bank and the International Monetary Fund are both based in Washington DC, but the World Bank is headed by an American, while the IMF is led by a European.

From the start until 1967 the bank did not lend as much money as it does now. Careful screening of loan applications was common. The bank wanted to provide loans for reconstruction and development, but if they lent out too much, there would be less trust in the bank.

Bank president John McCloy chose France to be the first country to receive a loan from the World Bank; Poland and Chile applied but did not receive one. The loan was for $987 million, half the amount that France actually asked for. There were very strict rules about the use of the funds. Bank staff made sure that the French government would have a balanced budget and pay back what it owed to the World Bank first before it paid back other countries. The United States State Department told the French government that the Cabinet should not have any communists. To get the loan, the French government removed the Communist coalition government. The loan to France was given very quickly after that.

The Marshall Plan of 1947 meant that many European countries already got help, so the World Bank began to lend to non-European countries. Until 1968, loans were used mainly to pay for projects that would help the country pay it back (such projects as ports, highway systems, and power plants).

From 1968 to 1980 the bank worked mostly on meeting the basic needs of people in poor countries. The amount of money being loaned out grew bigger, and more loans were given. This was because the loans were not just given for infrastructure, but also for social services and other things.

These changes were made by Robert McNamara who became the president in 1968. McNamara managed the Bank in the same way he had worked when he was United States Secretary of Defense and President of the Ford Motor Company. McNamara changed the focus toward things such as building schools and hospitals, improving literacy and farming. McNamara started a new system of gathering information from nations applying for loans. This helped the bank to process loan applications much faster. To give out more loans, McNamara told bank treasurer Eugene Rotberg to find new sources of money, because the northern banks that had lent out the money did not have enough. Rotberg used the bond market to increase the amount of money that the bank could lend. One result of lending so much to help poor countries was that the countries in the Third World started owing a lot more money. From 1976 to 1980 developing world debt rose at an average of 20% a year.

From 1989 World Bank policy changed, because many people were complaining. Environmental groups and NGOs were also lent money, to help fix the things that the people were complaining about. Now bank projects include caring for the environment.

The World Bank's current focus is on meeting the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). This means lending mainly to countries that are not very poor, at interest rates which are a little bit higher than the ones it borrows at. The IDA provides low or no interest loans and grants to the poorest countries. The Bank’s mission is to help developing countries to develop more and become less poor. They will also meet the MDGs by helping countries to become good places for investment, jobs and sustainable growth. This (it is postulated) will help the country's economic growth through investment and help the poor to share the results of economic growth.

The World Bank says that there are five key factors necessary for economic growth:


For the poorest developing countries in the world, the bank’s plans are based on poverty reduction strategies. The World Bank looks very carefully at local groups of people, and the needs of the country, to develop a strategy that works best for that country. The government then says what it will do to help stop poverty, and the World Bank works with it.

Forty-five countries gave US$25.1 billion in "aid for the world's poorest countries", aid that goes to the World Bank International Development Association (IDA) which distributes the money to eighty poorer countries. While richer nations sometimes pay for their own aid projects, Robert B. Zoellick, the president of the World Bank, said when the gifts were announced on December 15, 2007, that World Bank money "is the core funding that the poorest developing countries rely on".

In 2012, Jim Yong Kim became President of the Bank. He is responsible for chairing the meetings of the Boards of Directors and for running the Bank. The Bank President has always been a US citizen chosen by the United States, the largest shareholder in the bank. The person is then approved by the Board of Governors. They are president for five years, and after that they might be chosen again.

The Executive Directors, represent the Bank's member countries. They make up the Board of Directors and usually meet twice a week to approve and discuss loans and guarantees, new policies, the budget, ways to help countries and other important decisions.

There are 24 Vice-Presidents, three Senior Vice Presidents and two Executive Vice Presidents.

In 2010, voting powers at the World Bank were changed so that developing countries, especially China, have a bigger vote. The countries with most voting power are now the United States (15.85%), Japan (6.84%), China (4.42%), Germany (4.00%), France (3.75%) and the United Kingdom (3.75%). Under the changes, other countries that saw big gains included Brazil, India, South Korea and Mexico. Most developed countries' voting power was reduced. Russia's voting power was not changed. 

The World Bank has been criticized by non-governmental organizations, such as Survival International, and academics, including its former Chief Economist Joseph Stiglitz. Critics say that the free market that the Bank supports is harmful to economic development if done badly, too quickly, in the wrong order or in weak economies.

In "Masters of Illusion: The World Bank and the Poverty of Nations" (1996), Catherine Caufield argued that the way the World Bank works is bad for southern nations. Caufield said that the World Bank focuses too much on "development". To the World Bank, different nations all need the same "remedy of development". She argued that to have even modest success, Western practices are used instead of traditional economic structures and values. A second thing the World Bank thinks is that poor countries cannot become modern without money and advice from other countries.

A number of academics in developing countries have said that the way the World Bank works only blames the poor for being poor.

One of the strongest criticisms of the World Bank is the way it was run. While the World Bank represents 186 countries, it is run by a small number of powerful countries. These countries choose who runs the World Bank, so what they want is what the bank does.

The World Bank is two different things: a political organization and a practical organization. As a political organization, the World Bank does what donor and borrowing governments, private capital markets, and other international organizations want. As a practical organization, it must be neutral, working mainly in development aid, technical assistance, and loans. Because the World Bank has to do what donor countries and private capital markets want, it says poverty is best solved by "market" policies. Many people think this is wrong.

In the 1990s, the World Bank and the IMF made the Washington Consensus. Many now agree that the Washington Consensus looked too much at the growth of GDP, and not enough how long the growth lasted or whether growth was even good at all.

Some studies show that the World Bank has "increased" poverty and been bad for the environment, public health and cultural diversity. Some critics also say that the World Bank has always supported Neoliberalism, forcing developing countries to follow rules which have been damaging.

People also say that the World Bank pushes U.S. or Western interests in certain parts of the world. Even South American nations have established the Bank of the South in order to cut down on US influence there. The fact that the President is always a citizen of the United States, nominated by the President of the United States makes some people unhappy. The US has just over 16% of the shares in the bank; some people say this makes the voting unfair because they have too much power, as decisions only happen if the countries that support it have 85% of the bank's shares. The World Bank also does not need to explain what it does to anyone.

A lot of the criticism has led to protesting. The World Bank Oslo 2002 Protests, the October Rebellion, and the Battle of Seattle are among the protests that have happened. Such demonstrations are held all over the world, even amongst the Brazilian Kayapo people.

In 2008, a World Bank report found that biofuels had driven food prices up 75%. This was important news, but it was never published. Officials said that they thought it because George W. Bush would be embarrassed.

The World Bank has been criticised for the way it carries out “the production, accumulation, circulation and functioning” of knowledge. The Bank’s production of knowledge has become important to explain why big loans are given out. The Bank uses many scientists around the world, organisations and other people to help make data and strategies.”. The information is created to stop people looking too closely at what the Bank does. The only knowledge system that is used is the Western one, meaning that the systems that other countries used are put aside and the Western one forced in. Knowledge production has become very useful for the Bank, which plans carefully how to use it to explain why they focus on development.

The effect of structural adjustment policies on poor countries has been one of the most important criticisms of the World Bank. The oil crisis in the late 1970s made many countries have serious money issues. The World Bank decided that it would help by giving out special loans called "structural adjustment loans", which meant the policies of the country had to be changed to reduce inflation. Some of these policies included encouraging production and investment, changing exchange rates and changing the way government resources were used. These were most effective in countries where these policies could be implemented easily. For some countries, especially in Africa, inflation became worse. Stopping poverty was not part of these loans, so the poor usually became poorer because the governments were told to spend less money and raise food prices.

By the late 1980s, people realised that structural adjustment policies were worsening life for the world’s poor. The World Bank changed structural adjustment loans after that. In 1999, the World Bank and the IMF introduced the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper to replace structural adjustment loans. Some people say that the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper approach is just another way of using structural adjustment policies as it continues to do a lot of the same things. Neither way has solved the problems of why some countries are so poor. By making some countries owe others money, many believe that the World Bank has taken over those countries' power to choose how they run their economy.

Despite the goals of “good governance and anti-corruption″ the World Bank needs sovereign immunity from countries it deals with. Sovereign immunity means nothing the World Bank does can be punished. Some people say sovereign immunity is a “shield which [The World Bank] wants resort to, for escaping accountability and security by the people.” Because the United States has veto power, it is the only country that can stop the World Bank from doing things it doesn't like.

The World Bank's work on a way to fix climate change and environmental threats has also been criticized. 
People say it has no real vision and purpose, and a limited focus on only what it can do in global and regional governance. People also say it ignores some specific issues in certain parts of the world, like. issues of rights to food and land, and sustainable land use. Critics have also seen that only 1% of the World Bank's lending goes to the environmental sector.

Environmentalists are asking the Bank to stop worldwide support for coal plants and other things that pollute the environment. For instance, many people have criticized the 2010 decision of the World Bank's approval for a $3.75 billion loan to build the world’s 4th largest coal-fired power plant in South Africa. The plant will increase coal mining, and cause more pollution.

Crayfish

Crayfish are crustaceans that are also known as crawdads, crawfish, kriddly wigs, and freshwater lobsters. they are closely related to lobsters, crabs, and shrimp. There are about 150 crayfish species in North America, and over 540 species worldwide.

Most live in freshwater habitats such as rivers.

The body of a decapod crustacean, such as a crab, lobster, or prawn (shrimp), is made up of twenty body segments. They are grouped into two main body parts, the cephalothorax and the abdomen. Each segment may have one pair of appendages. In some groups these may be reduced or missing. On average, crayfish grow to in length, but some grow larger. Walking legs have a small claw at the end.

Crayfish live in streams, rivers, swamps, ponds, and other freshwater habitats. Most crayfish are strictly aquatic but some live in semi-aquatic environments. The semi-aquatic crayfish burrow into the soil to get to water (so that they can breathe).
Some can also be put in private aquarium to be used as pets

Crayfish are omnivores; they eat plants, animals, and decaying organisms. They are nocturnal (most active at night) and eat fish, shrimp, water plants, worms, insects, snails, and plankton. Larval crayfish are very tiny; they eat plankton.

Crayfish might be sometimes be called crawfish in parts of the U.S.A.

Chappaquiddick Island

Chappaquiddick is a place in Massachusetts, in the United States. It became famous because of a fatal car accident involving Edward Kennedy in 1969.


Variable star

A variable star is a star that is sometimes brighter or dimmer. Most stars have only very small differences in brightness, like the Sun. But some stars can vary hugely.

There are generally two types of variable stars:

There are a number of different types of variable stars.




Eruptive variables are caused by a star throwing something out, or sometimes by something falling in.

Protostars are young objects that have not yet completed the process of contraction from a gas nebula to a true star. Most protostars show irregular brightness variations.

Large stars lose their matter relatively easily. Variability due to eruptions and mass loss is fairly common among giants and supergiants.

Supernovae are the most dramatic events in the universe. A supernova can briefly emit as much energy as an entire galaxy, brightening by more than 20 magnitudes (over one hundred million times brighter). Supernovae result from the death of an extremely massive star, many times heavier than the Sun.

The supernova explosion is caused by a white dwarf or a star core reaching a certain mass/density limit, the Chandrasekhar limit. Then the star collapses in a fraction of a second. This collapse "bounces" and causes the star to explode and emit an enormous amount of energy. 

The outer layers of these stars are blown away at speeds of many thousands of kilometers an hour. The expelled matter may form nebulae called "supernova remnants". A well-known example of such a nebula is the Crab Nebula, left over from a supernova that was observed in China and North America in 1054. The core of the star or the white dwarf may either become a neutron star (generally a pulsar) or disintegrate completely in the explosion.

A supernova may also result from mass transfer onto a white dwarf from a star companion in a double star system. The infalling matter pushes the white dwarf over the Chandrasekhar limit. The absolute luminosity of this type of supernova can be calculated from its light curve, so these explosions can be used to fix the distance to other galaxies. One of the most studied supernovae is SN 1987A in the Large Magellanic Cloud.


Submission

Submission may refer to:
In martial arts:

Submission may also be:

Appendectomy

An appendectomy or appendicectomy is when a doctor removes the vermiform appendix. This is commonly done as a treatment for appendicitis.

Donald Dewar

Donald Campbell Dewar (21 August 1937 – 11 October 2000) was the first First Minister of Scotland from 1999 until his death in 2000. He was the first person to hold the position of First Minister following the establishment of the Scottish Parliament in 1999.

Dewar was born and raised in Glasgow.

After the 1997 General Election, Dewar was in a position which John Smith (leader of the Labour Party, 1992-1994 and a good friend of Dewar) would never have thought possible. He was able to start the process to split Scotland from the United Kingdom, and worked endlessly on creating the Scotland Act, popularly known as Smith's "unfinished business". When ratified, this was to give Scotland its first Parliament for nearly 300 years.

The first elections to the Scottish Parliament were held on 6 May 1999, with Dewar leading the Scottish Labour Party against their main opponents, the SNP under Alex Salmond. He was elected as the MSP for Glasgow Anniesland. Although Scottish Labour won the most seats, they did not have a majority in Parliament to allow them to form an Executive without the help of a smaller party. A deal was agreed with the Scottish Liberal Democrats to work together, with Dewar agreeing to their demand for the abolition of up-front tuition fees for university students.

On 13 May, Dewar was nominated as First Minister, and was officially appointed by the Queen on 17 May at a ceremony in the Palace of Holyroodhouse. He later travelled to the Court of Session to be sworn in by the Lord President and receive the Great Seal of Scotland.

On 16 June, Dewar set out the legislative programme for the Executive which included: an Education bill to improve standards in Scottish schools; land reform to give right of access to the countryside, a bill to abolish the feudal system of land tenure; and a bill to establish National Parks in Scotland.

In April 2000, Dewar was admitted to hospital for tests on his heart, following a previous test where a minor irregularity was discovered. In May 2000, he later had surgery to repair a leaking heart valve, and was forced to take a three month break from Parliament, with Deputy First Minister, Jim Wallace taking over as Acting First Minister. He returned to work on 14 August 2000.

Dewar dealt with the exams results fiasco and the lorry drivers strike, and attended the Labour party conference in Brighton in September, but at the end of September told the historian Tom Devine in Dublin that if there was no surge of the energy of old, he would have to reappraise the situation within a few months time.

On 10 October 2000 around lunchtime, Dewar sustained a fall. He seemed fine at first but later that day suffered a massive brain hemorrhage which was possibly triggered by the medication he was taking after the heart surgery. Donald Dewar died the following day, at 12.18pm, in Edinburgh's Western General Hospital. He was 63 years old.

Dewar's funeral service was held at Glasgow Cathedral, amid scenes of mourning unknown for a politician in Scotland's largest city. He was cremated on 18 October 2000, and his ashes were scattered at Lochgilphead.

"Although he has become something of a political legend, Donald would have abhorred any attempt to turn him into some kind of secular saint. He would have been horrified at a Diana-style out-pouring of synthetic grief at his untimely death." -- Iain MacWhirter, Sunday Herald, 15 October 2000.

Governor-General of Pakistan

The Governor-General of Pakistan was the resident representative of King George VI in Pakistan from 1947 to 1952 and then Queen Elizabeth II ("Queen of Pakistan") from 1952 until 1956 when Pakistan was proclaimed a republic.

When Pakistan became an independent, self-governing nation in 1947, it, like post-independent India, provisionally continued to use the Government of India Act 1935, as its written constitution until a post-independence constitution could be drafted; by default this contemplated the continuation of the constitutional monarchy as a Commonwealth realm Dominion. 

The monarch appointed a Governor-General, upon the advice of the Prime Minister of Pakistan to serve as de facto Head of State. 

Muhammad Ali Jinnah, considered "Quaid-e-Azam" ("Great Leader"), informed Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma: "when I am Governor-General the Prime Minister will do what I tell him to" -- however Jinnah's rapidly declining health made the issue moot.

After Jinnah's death the Governor-General of Pakistan continued to serve a larger role than the India Act prescribed, dismissing multiple Prime Ministers and consolidating power.

The office of Governor-General was replaced by the office of President of Pakistan when Pakistan became a republic in 1956. The then Governor-General, Iskander Mirza, became Pakistan's first president.

Hunza Valley

Hunza Valley () is a mountainous valley near Gilgit in the The North Trails of Pakistan. The Hunza valley is at an elevation of . The territory of Hunza is about . Karimabad (formerly called Baltit) is the main town which is also a very popular tourist destination in Pakistan because of the spectacular scenery of the surrounding mountains like Rakaposhi, Ultar Sar, Bojahagur Duanasir II, Ghenta Peak, Hunza Peak, Darmyani Peak, and Bublimating (Ladyfinger Peak), all or higher.
Hunza is the northern most district of Pakistan. The district touches the borders of China & Afghanistan. Hunza valley is a combination of a number of smaller sub-valleys. Most famous of these sub-valleys are Shimshal, Chipursan, Misgar and Avgarch valleys. The main town of Hunza valley with all the government offices is the Aliabad and is located on main Karakoram Highway or N-35. While Karimabad is a more established tourist attraction. Hunza valley is located on the left banks of River Hunza while going north from Gilgit.

There are two parts of the valley.


Altit Fort is the oldest fort in the hunza valley. It was constructed some 1100 years ago and overlooks Hunza River. The primary goal of constructing this fort was to keep an eye over invaders from Hunzo-bar or Nagar. There was a great rivalry between the rulers and people of Hunza & Nagar in the older times. Invaders from both valleys often attacked each others. Altit Fort was built to defend the people of Hunza from them. It was also the residence of the ruler of Hunza and his family. It can also be seen from main Karakoram Highway or N-35 after crossing Ganish. The fort can be accessed via a road from karimabad. The entry ticket for Pakistanis is PKR 400 while for foreigners is PKR 1000 for the fort. The fort offers views of the Royal Garden and a local musical school is also functioning within the premises. There is also an amazing but expensive restaurant run by ladies within the premises of the fort.
thumb

Baltit Fort is an 800 years old fort within Karimabad town of Hunza district. The fort was built for the protection of the ruler of Hunza and his family and also has a goal of deep defense. The fort is built on the same architectural style as of the Altit Fort. The fort can be accessed on foot from karimabad bazar. It would take you around 20 mins to reach the fort from the bazar via a steep walkway. The entry ticket fees is the same PKR 400 for Pakistanis and PKR 1000 for foreigners. Personally speaking, Baltit Fort offers amazing views of the Hunza & Nagar districts from height.

Eagle’s Nest or Duikar is another great tourist attraction in the Hunza valley. Official name of the area is Duikar while it has some natural stones in Eagle shape, hence it got the name of Eagle’s nest. The attraction offers unique views of Golden Peak, Diran Peak, Rakaposhi Peak, Lady Finger Peak, Ultar Peak, Hunza & Nagar districts. The attraction is located at an altitude of 3000 meters. It can be accessed on a metaled road from Altit Fort. It would take you around an hour on a vehicle to reach the attraction from Karimabad. View during Sunrise and Sunset are just stunning from this point.

Aliabad is the main town of Hunza district. All the major government administrative offices are located in this town including the offices of Deputy Commissioner & Senior Superintendent of Police etc. The town offers unique views of Rakaposhi Peak, Golden Peak, Lady Finger Peak & Ultar II Peak. A campus of Karakoram International University is also located in Aliabad.

Karimabad is the major tourist attraction of Hunza district. The town located just above Aliabad. There are two main routes to access the town, most famous of them is via a link road on Karakoram Highway between Aliaabad & Ganish while the other route is from the university road in the Aliabad Town. The town is famous for Altit & Baltit Forts, Eagle’s Nest and the Lady Finger Peak.


While moving on Karakoram Highway or N-35, just after entering Gojal area, the first attraction would be Pakistan-China Friendship Tunnels or Attabad Tunnels. These are four tunnels on the karakoram highway. After a massive landsliding on Attabad villages, river hunza was stopped at this point, ultimately destructing attabad villages and part of Karakoram Highway. This created a water reservoir, which is now known as Attabad Lake or Shishkat Lake. Immediately after creation of this lake, the transportation was resumed via a boat service on this patch of Karakoram Highway between Pakistan & China. The construction work on creating tunnels through the mountains was immediately started. The tunnels were inaugurated in 2015. The tunnels are one of the largest in Pakistan. Attabad Lake is famous for its turquoise waters. Private water sports and boating facilities are also active in the lake.

Gulmit village is the largest settlement in the Gojal area. The village has very old history and was the summer seat of Hunza princely estate in the past. The Ondra Fort is located in the Gulmit village. The fort is believed to be constructed to protect Gulmit & Ghulkin villages from external invaders. There are a number of treks in the village as well as a number of sky high peaks.

Ghulkin is another historical village in the gojal area. Just after Gulmit on the banks of Batura Glacier lies this beautiful village. Ghulkin is famous for amazing landscape as well as Pakistan’s first homestays.

Batura Glacier is the fifth largest glacier outside polar region. The glacier is 35 KM long and covers an area of over 200 sq. km. The glacier lies on the karakoram highway and thus can be witnessed from the highway.

Passu Cathedral aka Passu Cones are vistas from Passu Sar 7478 meters. It offers one of the most enchanting views for the visitors. The pinnacles are believed to be one of the most incredible natural wonders in the world. It attracts a large pool of foreign tourists each year.

Passu Glacier is located on the south side of the passu village. The glacier is connected with a number of other glaciers including Batura Glacier. Patundas Meadow trek is one of the most epic treks in Gojal area and the trek is originated from Passu Glacier.

Hussaini Suspension Bridge connects Hussaini Village on the karakoram highway and Zoharabad village on the opposite side of Hunza River. The suspension bridge is considered one the most iconic and dangerous bridges in the world. Personally, I think Passu bridge is way more dangerous than this.

Borith lake is the Pakistan’s highest salt water lake. The lake is located within the Borith village on karakoram highway. The lake is easily accessible via a car track or you can hike to the lake. Borith village is located just after Hussaini Village on Karakoram Highway. You can also witness an amazing view of Passu Cathedral from the lake. The lake is also famous for the migratory birds from central asia and siberia.

Shimshal is the highest permanent settlement in Pakistan. Average altitude of the valley is around 3100 meters above sea level. Shimshal can accessed through a four hours jeep ride from passu village. The valley has four major settlements Central Shimshal, Aminabad, Farmanabad & Khizerabad. Shimshal village is particularly famous for high altitude treks, passes and sky high peaks as well as for its world record holder mountaineers. Samina Baig hails from central Shimshal is the first Pakistani female to summit Mount Everest as well as the one of the two Pakistanis to do the seven summits. Other being her brother Mirza Ali Baig.

Chapursan Valley is the northern most village of Pakistan. The valley can be accessed through a non-metaled road from Sost. Chipursan valleys is located on a drive of 40 mins from sost on this road. The valley is famous has one of the oldest fort in the region, Rashit Fort. The valley is also famous for the highest sufi shrine in Pakistan, Baba Ghundi’s shrine. The shrine is a site of pilgrimage for followers from Pakistan, Afghanistan, China & central asian states.

Sost is the last permanent settlement on Karakoram Highway or N-35 before it enters China. The village also has one of the biggest market of chinese products in Pakistan. The sost dryport is a center point of all the import/export between Pakistan & China.

Khunjerab National Park is located on Karakoram Highway and is famous for the Pakistan China Border Crossing. This border crossing is the highest working border crossing in the world. The patch of the Karakoram Highway, passing through the national park is the highest paved road in the world. It also offers world’s highest ATM just before the border crossing.

Kaghan Valley

The Kaghan valley is a valley in the Mansehra District of Hazara Division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It has a reputation as a place of great natural beauty. This valley also suffered from the earthquake disaster on 8 October 2005.

The valley is approximately 160 kilometers long, starting from Balakot in the 'Lower Kaghan' to Babusar Pass at the extreme end of the 'Upper Kaghan'. It is mostly surrounded by the forests and hills of the Lesvjzxbser Himalayas and the Kunhar River runs though most of its length. The valley is mostly inhabited by semi-nomadic Gujars, and some Swatis, Awans and Syeds. 

Historically speaking, Kaghan was long a backward and neglected area, until the 1880s-1890s when officers of British India established a strategic supply line via the Babusar Pass to the northern areas of the Gilgit Agency. After that, the area soon opened up to tourism and resort centers like Shogran and Naran Valley were developed in it. The famous and lovely Saiful Muluk Lake is also a special feature of this valley as are some other lakes like Ansoo Lake, Dudupat Sar, Lulu Sar and the Lalazar Meadows. Malika Parbat is a high peak in the area.

Between May and August each year, thousands of tourists from Pakistan and abroad dive up from Abbottabad and Mansehra, to visit these places in the valley. For most of the rest of the year, Kaghan area is locked in by heavy snows. 


Kunar Valley

Kunar Valley (), or Chitral Valley, is a valley in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Main geographic features are jungles and mountains.

Nagar Valley

Nagar Valley () is a valley near Gilgit Valley in Gilgit-Baltistan in northern Pakistan. The Nagar Valley is at an elevation of 2,438m (7,999 feet). Nagar Khas is the main town and the capital of the former state of Nagar. The Spantik peak (Golden peak) can easily be seen from here. 

Gulmet is the popular tourist attraction in Nagar because of the spectacular scenery of the surrounding mountains like Rakaposhi at 7,788m (25,561), and Diran.

Nagar was formerly a princely state in the northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan, which existed until 1974. Administratively there are two Tehsils in Nagar namely Nagar-1 and Nagar-2 of Gilgit District.
Nagar was an independent principality for 1200 years. The British gained control of Nagar during a battle at place of Nilt (Jangir-e-Laye) between 1889 and 1892. Nagarkutch fought bravely but was defeated due to lack of weapons. The Tham (Chief) of that time, Azur Khan, was sent in exile to Kashmir.

Hunza was previously under the domination of Nagar and collectively called "Buroshall" and their capital was "Capal Dongs". But after the reign of the "Miyor Khan" his sons divided Buroshall into Nagar and Hunza and declared the river as the border: "Muglot" became the king of Nagar and "Kirkis" became the king of Hunza.

The British retained Nagar's status as a principality until 1947. The people of Nagar and Hunza were ruled by a local Mir for more than 1200 years, which came to an end in 1974. Although never ruled directly by neighbouring Kashmir or the British, Nagar and Hunza were a vassal of Kashmir from the time of Maharaja Ranbir Singh of Jammu and Kashmir. The Mirs of both sent an annual tribute to the Kashmir Durbar until 1947, and along with the ruler of Hunza, was considered to be among the most loyal vassals of the Maharaja of Kashmir.
After the change in Pakistani Central Government to a democracy on 25 September 1974 Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto dissolved the Princely States of Nagar as well as Hunza and set the prisoners free and gave democratic representation to the Northern Areas Council, now the Northern Areas Legislative Council

The state is bordered by the Gilgit Agency to the southwest, China to the north and northeast and Afghanistan to the northwest. The state capital was the town of Nagar Khas (also known as Uyum Nagar, which means "The Mighty Nagar Empire"). The first village of Nagar is Chalt Valley near Guroo, Janglote from Gilgit and the last village of Nagar is Hisper, Biafo Range that links Baltistan with the eastern range. 

According to 2000 census figures 100,000 inhabitants are living in the Nagar Valley.Now population is above 130000 inhabitants.

The languages spoken here are Brushashki, Shena and Bedishki.The sixty percent of total population of Brusho belongs to Nagar.

Bedishki is a language spoken by a tribe Bedicho of Nagar.It is a 
Gujrati(Indian) like language.It has only one hundred spokers.It is spoken in Chalt(Capital of Nagar).It is the language of famous musicians of Nagar.Late ustad Muhammad Ali was one of the famous musician of the Bedicho family.Hadulia-Ibraheem, Ustad Sulaiman, Kak Mutalib and Mam Shukoor Ali are the famous persons of the tribe.

The religion of the Nagar Valley is Islam with 100% Shia Isna Ashree(Usooli)

Rakaposhi and Diran are two of the mountains in Nagar-2. Minapin is one of the beautiful place, while Rush Lake (High altitude Wetland), Golden Peak, Hopper Glacier, Hisper Glacier, Bowalter Glacier and Barpu white glaciers are in Nagar-1. Askurdas is the centre of Nagar.

The climate of Nagar remains pleasant from mid-April to the end of September. The maximum temperature in summer during the day is 13°C. The weather becomes very cold during the winter, mainly from October to end of March. The minimum temperature can be -14°C.

The war between British army and the people of Nagar. This war was fought in 1891 and had continued for months. At last the British army had succeeded to gain control over Nagar and it became a vassal of Kashmir Durbar but ruled by the same royal family. Although the British army was fighting with a small army it was a long war and the only war fought in Nagar. For the British army, three soldiers were rewarded with the Victoria Cross and a mule was also rewarded with the medal for carrying a gun on its back.

Nagar was famous for its polo team. It is the only team from the northern areas who played the polo match in New Delhi on the arrival of the George VI of England and won the trophy there. Until 1972 it was the unbeatable team of the northern areas.

The people of modern Nagar are doctors, engineers,army officers, politicians, businessmen. They are in every field of life in Pakistan. The people of Nagar valley are very loving and hospitable to visitors.
Students of Nagar has an organization of their own.This organization was regesterd in Karachi(A city of Pakistan) in 1969.The late deputy commissioner Daud Khan was first president of this organization.The name of this organization is Nagar Students Federation.(NSF).This Students organization is still functional in Pakistan.

A tremendous change has been observed in the literacy rate of Nagar over the past 5 decades. The state has not institution before 1950s. Late Agha Ahmed Safa Faizi & late Raja Sahib khan were supposed to be first educated persons of the state. Both started education in their own villages in Asqur Das and Chalt respectively after 1950s.Now Nagar State has educational institutes in every village and towns. 100% of the children are going to school. The people of Nagar have their literacy rate more than 90% in men. While women have about 70%.

The whole area of Nagar along with Hunza is declared as a community park to prevent the hunting of many endangered animals such as Marco Polo sheep, brown bears, show tigers etc. The NGOs which are working on the preservation of endangered animals are invited to come to this area because these animals are surviving for their existence.




Naran Valley

Naran Valley () is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The Kunhar River, fed by glacier melt, flows through the Naran Valley. Makra Peak, Malka Parbat,Babu Sar Top and Saiful Muluk are the main attractions.

Rupal Valley

The Rupal Valley is in the Astore District of Pakistan's Northern Areas. It is south of Nanga Parbat. It is popular for treks to the mountain's Rupal Face, one of highest mountain faces in the world.

Skardu Valley

The Skardu Valley is in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. The valley is about 10km wide and 40km long. It is where the River Shigar and River Indus come together. It surrounded by the large Karakoram Range. With the nearby lakes and mountains, it is an important tourist location in Pakistan.

Yasin Valley

The Yasin Valley is a high mountain valley in the Hindu Kush mountains, in the northwest region of Gilgit in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Yasin is separated from the Ishkoman Valley by a high mountain pass. To reach Yasin one must take the Karakoram Highway north from Islamabad, and then turn left to reach Gupis in Ghizar. After Gupis, one continues northwest to reach the Yasin Valley. Yasin valley has a spectacular natural beauty.

Yasin was originally ruled by the Khushwakhte Dynasty, part of the Katur Dynasty of Chitral. The Rajas of Yasin were great warriors and fought against the Sikhs and the Dogras of Kashmir, but they eventually lost power and the ownership of Yasin changed hands several times between the rule of the Mehtar of Chitral, and the Maharaja of Kashmir.

Although not highly or densely populated, Yasin was of strategic importance because it leads to a high mountain pass, to Yarkhun in Chitral, and then to Broghol Pass, the Wakhan Corridor of Afghanistan, and into Tajikistan. Yasin could have formed an invasion route from Czarist Russia into British India.

The primary language of Yasin Valley is the Burushaski language. The Khowar language is also spoken.

The majority of the people in Yasin are Ismailies who lead their lives according to the Islamic principles more concerned with the imam of the time. Currently Prince Karim Aga Khan is the Imam and spiritual leader of the Ismailies. However, other sects of Islam like Sunni, and Shia also live in Yasin. 

Ethnically the people of Yasin are of Brosho origin. There are migrants from different parts of the country, mainly from Chitral and from outside the country.

The Darkut Pass connects Yasin with Broghol pass and Chitral. The Thoi Pass connects Yasin to Yarkhun Chitral. Asumber pass connects Yasin to Ishkomen. Darkot Pass is a historical pass which has been labelled as a restricted zone by the Government of Pakistan. This pass used to be the shortest means of communication between Oxus and Indus ([www.yasinvalley.com]www.yasinvalley.com). Tourists love to trek along the Assumbur pass to Ishqamen valley.

Dmitry Medvedev

Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev (born 14 September 1965) is a Russian politician. He was the tenth and Prime Minister of Russia from 2012 through 2020. He previously served as the third President of Russia from 2008 to 2012. He is a close ally of the current Russian President Vladimir Putin. He is the leader of the Pro-Kremlin United Russia party.

Medvedev was born in 1965 in Leningrad, Soviet Union. His parents were teachers. He studied law in the university there. In 1992, he became the law adviser to the Mayor.

In 2005, he was appointed as the Head of the Kremlin Staff under president Vladimir Putin and in 2008 he was elected as third Russian President and the youngest Russian Leader since Alexander Kerensky 1917.

In 2012, he was appointed as Prime Minister of Russia and Leader of United Russia. 

He is known for his modernisation reforms in Russian society, especially in economy and politics.

In January 2020, Medvedev announced his resignation as Prime Minister.


BBC Three

BBC Three is a British television channel from the BBC.

BBC Three was described by the BBC as a channel for 'New drama, talent, comedy, films, and accessible news'. It ran from 19:00 to about 04:00 each night, in order to share terrestrial digital bandwidth with the CBBC channel. Unlike its commercial rivals, 90% of BBC Three's output is from the United Kingdom and other European Union countries. 80% is original, covering all genres from current affairs, to drama, to comedy to animation, BBC Three returned to TV screens in February 2022.

BBC Three had a unique '60 second news' format. This was adopted so that operation of the channel could be completely automated, without the complication of dealing with variable length live news broadcasts. The current controller of the station is Danny Cohen, and the Head of Scheduling is Dan McGolpin.

BBC Three closed as a standard television channel on 16 February 2016. On the same day BBC Three launched on BBC iPlayer as an online only service.

The BBC relaunched BBC Three's television channel in February 2022.

BBC Three was the successor to the similar BBC Choice channel and was launched on 9 February 2003. It was launched by Stuart Murphy, who previously ran BBC Choice. The channel returned on 1 February 2022.

Some of the programmes that have appeared for their first showing on BBC Three include EastEnders (2003), Little Britain (October 2004), Doctor Who Confidential (2005), and Torchwood (2006), The Apprentice, You're Fired! (2006). When the first episode of Torchwood was launched in October 2006 on BBC Three, 2.4 million people watched it. This broke BBC Three's previous record of 1.8 million. The second episode attracted an equally impressive 2.3 million viewers, and boosted BBC Three to a 3.5% share of multichannel viewing that evening, compared to the network's three-month Sunday average of 0.9%.

The channel featured hourly news updates called "60 Seconds", which included the top news, sport and entertainment stories. It was presented in a cheeky, relaxed style in keeping with the rest of the channel. As part of the BBC's discussions with the government in whether the channel could launch originally, a longer news programme had been promised to provide a daily section of news and current affairs. "The News Show", as it came to be called upon launch was later rebranded "The 7 O'Clock News". However, the BBC discontinued the bulletin in 2005, claiming that in fact, the programme's audiences were minuscule and the output was provided elsewhere on the BBC.

 The channel was aimed at 25–34-year olds, and competes with other digital channels including ITV2 and E4.

Its share of the audience during its transmission hours was 2.6% among 25–34-year olds, and 1.7% among all individuals. BARB, the official ratings agency, averages out BBC Three's viewing figures over 24 hours even though the channel only broadcasted in the evenings, giving a distorted sense of the channel's viewership. Despite several official complaints from the BBC, BARB continued to publish figures which the BBC argued were unrepresentative. Nine million people watched BBC Three every week.

The channel had critical and popular successes, winning more awards in its four-year history than its commercial rivals (Sky One, Living, E4, ITV2, Five and Paramount Comedy Channel) have won in their combined 25-year history. In total BBC Three had won 7 BAFTA awards, 5 British Comedy Awards, 15 Royal Television Society Awards and 5 Rose d'Or Awards since the channel was launched in February 2003. Most recently, it won "Broadcast Magazine"'s "Digital Channel of the Year" Award for Best General Entertainment Channel, and MGEITF Non Terrestrial Channel of the Year.

All three of BBC Three's dramas produced in 2004 ("Outlaws", "Bodies" and "Conviction") received BAFTA nominations, as did classical music show "Flashmob The Opera".

In 2008, BBC Three's Gavin and Stacey won the BAFTA audience award and the best comedy performance award was awarded to James Corden for his part.

The channel had also come in for criticism from several corners, the most prominent of which are some of the BBC's long-standing presenters. These include John Humphrys, who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to Radio 4's Today programme, which he presents, John Sweeney of Panorama, and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content.

BBC Vision director Jana Bennett confirmed in an interview for Broadcast magazine in May 2008 that the BBC Trust has been petitioned to change the start of transmission time from the current time of 7pm each evening to earlier in the afternoon.

Bennett said that some of the extra hours would be given over to BBC Switch the BBC's teen programming strand.
BBC Three HD was launched on 10 December 2013 alongside the sister channels BBC Four HD, CBeebies HD, BBC News HD and CBBC HD.


Nerf N-Strike

Nerf N-Strike is an video game that was made by Electronic Arts. It is part of the Nerf series. It was released on the Wii and Nintendo DS. The game was released in North America on October 28, 2008. 

In August 2007, Electronic Arts gained the rights to some Hasbro brands, like "Monopoly", "Littlest Pet Shop", and Nerf. In February, EA Casual Entertainment announced that their EA Salt Lake Studio would develop and release video games for "Littlest Pet Shop" and "Nerf N-Strike".


Emperor of India

Emperor/Empress of India (Shahanshah-e-Hind in Hindustani) was used as a title by the last Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah II, and also by the colonial British monarchs during the rule of British India.

Sometimes, the term "Emperor of India" is also used to refer to Indian emperors such as Ashoka the Great of the Maurya Dynasty and Emperor Akbar of the Mughal empire. However, they did not claim this title for themselves.

Although the Mughal dynasty ruled over most of the Indian subcontinent from the 16th century onwards, they simply used the title "Shahanshah" (considered in the West to be the same as "emperor"). However dring the Indian revolt of 1857 against the British, the rebel sepoys seized Delhi and called the Mughal Bahadur Shah II as "Shahanshah-e-Hind," or Emperor of India. After the Brtish defeated the rebels, he was captured and was forced to live in Rangoon, Burma in 1858, this ended the rule of the Mughals.

After the Mughal Emperor ended by the British East India Company, the title "Empress of India" was taken by Queen Victoria from 1 May 1876. 

Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli is usually credited with creating the title for her. Also, the title was created when it became evident that Queen Victoria's daughter, Victoria, Princess Royal, would become an empress when her husband ascended the German imperial throne, many people thought it was wrong for the daughter to be an empress while her mother was just a Queen.

When Victoria died, and her son Edward VII ascended the throne, his title became "Emperor of India". The title continued until India and Pakistan became independent from the United Kingdom at midnight on 14/15 August 1947.

When signing their name for Indian business, a British King-Emperor or the Queen-Empress used the initials "R I" ("Rex/Regina Imperator/Imperatrix") or the shorter version "Ind. Imp." ("Indiae Imperator/Imperatrix") after their name. This was also used on many British coins, including some 1948 coins of George VI.

George VI continued to hold the title King of India for two years during the short Governor-Generalships of Lord Mountbatten and of C. Rajagopalachari until India became a republic on 26 January 1950. George VI remained as King of the United Kingdom and King of Pakistan until his death in 1952. Pakistan became a republic on 23 March 1956, Elizabeth II was Queen of Pakistan for four years.


Radish

A radish is an edible root vegetable of the Brassicaceae family. People eat radishes all over the world. It was first grown in Europe in pre-Roman Empire|Roman times. Radishes are usually eaten as a crunchy salad vegetable. There are many varieties of radishes. Some radishes are different in size, flavor, color and the length of time they take to grow.

It has a somewhat hot taste, rather peppery. This keeps some herbivores away, or limits the amount they eat. It acts as a defence against herbivory.

Glenn Seaborg

Glenn Theodore Seaborg (April 19, 1912 – February 25, 1999) was an American chemist. He was born in Ishpening, Michigan. He won the 1951 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Edwin M. McMillan.

In 1980, he changed several thousand atoms of bismuth into gold at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory. His experimental technique, using nuclear physics, was able to remove protons and neutrons from the bismuth atom. Seaborg's techique would have cost too much money to make of gold, but his work is the closest to the mythical Philosopher's Stone.

Seaborg worked at the Manhattan Project during World War II. He studied the chemical properties of plutonium as a part of the secret war research.

He served as Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission and was a professor at the University of California, Berkeley.
He was said to be the author/co author of 500 scientific articles and multiple books. He was born in 1912 and died in 1999 from a stroke. He has a wife called Helen Griggs and his family consisted of his sister, Jeanette who was 2 years younger than him, and his parents, Henry Theodore and Selma Olivia Erikson Seaborg

Seaborg was the principal or co-discoverer of ten elements: plutonium, americium, curium, berkelium, californium, einsteinium, fermium, mendelevium, nobelium and element 106, which was named seaborgium in his honor while he was still living. He also developed more than 100 atomic isotopes. Early in his career, Seaborg was a pioneer in nuclear medicine and developed many isotopes of elements that helped to diagnose and treat diseases. For example, he studied iodine-131, which is used in the treatment of thyroid disease. He developed the actinide concept which placed the actinide series beneath the lanthanide series on the periodic table. Seaborg also proposed the placement of super-heavy elements in the transactinide and superactinide series.

Bob McGrath

Robert Emmet "Bob" McGrath (June 13, 1932 – December 4, 2022) was an American singer and actor. He is best known for playing the human character Bob on "Sesame Street". He was born in Ottawa, Illinois. McGrath's character Bob was one of the longest-lasting human characters on "Sesame Street".


BBC Radio 3

BBC Radio 3 is a national radio station operated by the BBC within the United Kingdom. It devotes most of its schedule to classical music. Every year it broadcasts the BBC Proms concerts during the summer.


NERF

Nerf (written in capitals as NERF) is a brand of toy weapons. It is created by Parker Brothers and currently owned by Hasbro. Most of the toys are a variety of foam-based weaponry. While it is commonly known for its toy guns (usually called "blasters" to separate the brand from real weapons), it can also be footballs and other types of sport utilities such as Nerf skateboards, scooters and bikes. Some blasters series that Nerf makes are called Zombie Strike, Modulus, Elite, Mega, Doomlands, N-Sports, Super Soaker, Rebelle, and Rival.

Disney Interactive Studios

Disney Interactive Studios is an American video game publisher and developer. It publishes video games based on Disney works. It was originally Walt Disney Computer Software. The company was formed in 1988. 

BBC Radio 4

BBC Radio 4 is a domestic UK radio station that broadcasts different spoken-word programmes including news, drama, comedy, science and history. It replaced the BBC Home Service in 1967.

Radio 4 is the second most popular British domestic radio station after Radio 2. It was named "UK Radio Station of the Year" at the 2008 "Sony Radio Academy Awards", an award it had also won in 2003 and 2004.

Radio 4 costs £71.4 million a year, and is the BBC's most expensive national radio network. Many people think of it as the corporation's flagship. There is currently no commercial network like it in the UK, although there are similar publicly owned stations in such countries as Sweden (Sveriges Radio P1) and Australia (Radio National).

Music and sport are the only subjects that generally fall outside the station's coverage. There are occasional concerts on Radio 4, and ball-by-ball commentaries of most test matches played by England cricket are broadcast on longwave. Because the longwave service can be received clearly at sea around the coasts of Britain and Ireland, Radio 4 also carries regular weather forecasts for shipping and gale warnings. The station has also been designated as the UK's national broadcaster in times of national emergency such as a war, meaning that even if all other radio stations were forced to close, Radio 4 would still carry on broadcasting.

The current controller of Radio 4 is Gwyneth Williams. She is also in charge of its sister station BBC Radio 4 Extra.


BBC Four

BBC Four is a television channel developed by BBC. It was started on 2 March 2002. It often shows documentaries and arts programmes that often have a much smaller audience than BBC One or Two. It shows programmes between 7pm and 4am every day, timeshared with CBeebies.

A high definition of the channel, BBC Four HD was launched on 10 December 2013 alongside the sister channels BBC Three HD, BBC News HD, CBBC HD, and CBeebies HD.



Kernel

Kernel can mean:


Euphlyctis cyanophlyctis

Euphlyctis cyanophlyctis (also known as the Indian skipper frog or skittering frog) is a common frog found in South Asia. They are slimy and are often seen at the edge of bodies of water with their eyes above the water. They noisily move away from the shore when disturbed, giving them their common name. They are rarely seen outside water.

Fejervarya limnocharis

Fejervarya limnocharis (also known as the cricket frog) is a species of frog found in South Asia.

Minervarya syhadrensis

Fejervarya syhadrensis (also known as the long-legged cricket frog, Syhadra frog, and the Bombay wart frog) is a species of frog that is found in South Asia.

Paa vicina

Paa vicina is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is found in the Republic of India and Pakistan. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, rivers, and freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss.

Paa sternosignata

Paa sternosignata is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is found in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Kashmir and possibly the India. Its natural habitats are rivers, swamps, and freshwater marshes.

Paa hazarensis

Paa hazarensis (also known as the Kashmir paa frog, Hazara frog, or Hazara torrent frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is found in the Republic of India, Pakistan and Kashmir, possibly Bhutan, and possibly Nepal. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, rivers, and freshwater marshes.

Cricket frog

The cricket frog, genus "Acris", is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in North America. They spend more time in the water than other frogs in Hylidae do. They live near bodies of water that do not dry up and have plants growing on the surface. Scientists named them cricket frogs because their voices sound like crickets.


Duttaphrynus melanostictus

The Common Indian Toad or Common Asiatic/Asian Toad or Black-spined Toad ("Duttaphrynus bufo melanostictus") is a species of toad that is common in South Asia. The species grows to almost 20 cm long. The species breeds during the monsoons and the tadpoles are black. Young toads may be seen in large numbers after the monsoons.

Duttaphrynus olivaceus

Duttaphrynus olivaceus (also known as the olive toad, Baluchistan coastal toad, Baluchestan coastal toad, and Makran toad) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is found in Iran, Pakistan, and possibly Afghanistan. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, rivers, freshwater springs, plantations, rural gardens, urban areas, ponds, and irrigated land.


Duttaphrynus stomaticus

Duttaphrynus stomaticus (also known as the Indus Valley toad, Asiatic marbled toad, Punjab toad, or marbled toad) is a species of toad that can be found in Pakistan, Iran, and possibly in Afghanistan. It is most found in the Indus Valley. It is also known as the "house toad". These toads are usually found near cultivated plains which have still water. It is nocturnal and its diet consist of insects such as ants. This endemic toad species is the ""National amphibian of Pakistan"" respectively.

Duttaphrynus himalayanus

Duttaphrynus himalayanus (also known as the Himalaya toad, Himalayan toad, Himalayan broad-skulled toad, and Günther's high altitude toad) is a species of toad found in the Himalayan region of Pakistan and Jammu and Kashmir.

Bufo latastii

Bufo latastii is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is found in the Republic of India and Pakistan. Its natural habitats are temperate forests, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, arable land, and ponds. It is threatened by habitat loss.


Amolops himalayanus

Amolops himalayanus is a species of frog found in Asia.

Bufo pseudoraddei

Bufo pseudoraddei is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is found in Pakistan and possibly Afghanistan. Its natural habitats are temperate forests, intermittent freshwater marshes, arable land, pastureland, plantations, and rural gardens.

Manipur frog

Manipur frog ("Euphlyctis ghoshi") or Ghosh's frog is a species of frog found in Manipur, Asia. It is only known from its type locality in Khugairk Reserve Forest, Manipur.

Tylototriton verrucosus

The Himalayan Newt ("Tylototriton verrucosus") is a species of salamander found in South Asia and Southeast Asia.

Afghan hedgehog

The Afghan hedgehog ("Hemiechinus auritus megalotis") is a subspecies of the Long-eared hedgehog native to Afghanistan and western Pakistan. It is larger and reddish in colour, but otherwise similar in appearance to the Long-eared hedgehog.

Argali

The argali or mountain sheep ("Ovis ammon") is a wild sheep. It lives in the highlands of Central Asia (Himalaya, Tibet, Altay). 

The argali is the biggest wild sheep. It can be up to 120 centimetres tall, and can weigh as much as 140 kilograms. The Pamir argali, also called the Marco Polo sheep, may be more than 6 feet in length. They were discovered by the explorer Marco Polo. The Pamir argali is globally endangered.

Marco Polo sheep

Marco Polo sheep ("Ovis ammon polii") is a wild sheep, and a subspecies of the Argali.

It takes its name from famed explorer Marco Polo who described the species during his crossing of Pamir (ancient Mount Imeon) in 1271. The Marco Polo sheep is particularly known for its long horns. The longest horn ever found on a sheep was found on a Marco Polo sheep and measured 191 centimeters (75 inches). The sheep is unofficially the National animal of Afghanistan.


it was named after Marco polo
its scientific name is Ovis ammon polii .They can reach 6 feet in length
horns starts to grow after 15 to 20 days after birth. number of rings on the horn indicates age of the male sheep
The argali or mountain sheep (Ovis ammon) is a wild sheep. It lives in the highlands of Central Asia (Himalaya, Tibet, Altay).

It is the biggest wild sheep. It stands as high as 120 cm. It weights as much as 140 kg. The Pamir argali (also called Marco Polo sheep, for they were first described by that traveller) may be more than 6 feet in length. It is globally endangered.
Asian black bear

The Asian black bear, also called the Asiatic black bear, White-chested bear, Moon bear, or the Himalayan black bear, ("Ursus thibetanus" or "Selenarctos thibetanus") is a medium-sized, sharp-clawed, black-coloured bear with a distinctive white or cream "V" marking on its chest.

It is a close relative of the American black bear with which it is thought to share a European common ancestor. It is called 반달가슴곰 (bandalgaseumgom) in Korean. Both American and Asiatic species are thought of as sister taxa. They are more closely related to one another than any other species of bear. Asian black bears are omnivores. They feed on fruit, grass, leaves, insects, rodents, rabbits, carrion, nuts, and even deer, buffalo, and wild boar. Their predators are humans, tigers, and brown bears, while leopards, wolves, lynxes, jackals, and dholes are predators of black bear cubs. 

Asiatic cheetah

The Asiatic cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus venaticus") is a critically endangered subspecies of the cheetah native to Asia.

It is also called the Iranian cheetah because the only living Asiatic cheetahs live in Iran. It is now extinct in India, but during British colonial times in India it was the famous hunting leopard. This name came about because some of these animals were kept captive by Indian royalty and used to hunt wild antelope.


Asiatic lion

The Asiatic lion ("Panthera leo persica") is a subspecies of the lion. It survives in the wild today only in India, but has also been sighted in a few areas of Pakistan, especially in Azad Kashmir. They once ranged from Southeast Europe to India, covering most of Southwest Asia, and hence it is also known as the Persian lion. It was the symbol of the Junagadh State. 

Under the 10th Nawab of Junagarh (r. 1911-1948), the Junagadh State developed a conservation effort in what is now the Gir National Park. This saved the Asiatic lion from almost certain extinction. Since the turn of the 20th century, the range of the Asiatic lion has included the Gir National Park and the surrounding areas in the Indian state of Gujarat. The population has steadily increased since 2010. In May 2015, the 14th Asiatic Lion Census was conducted over an area of about 20,000 km2 (7,700 sq mi); the lion population was estimated at 523 individuals, comprising 109 adult males, 201 adult females and 213 cubs. In August 2017, surveyors counted 650 wild lions. In June 2020, an estimation exercise counted 674 Asiatic lions in the Gir forest region, an increase of 29% over the 2015 census figure. In 2023, an Asiatic lion was spotted by forest officials in the Barda Wildlife Sanctuary in the state's Porbandar district for the first time since 1879.

The Asiatic lion is smaller than the African lion. Male Asiatic lions are slightly bigger than females. The maximum recorded length of a male Asiatic lion in the Gir National Park is 115 inches (from head to tail). Like African lions, male Asiatic lions also have a mane at the top of their heads but the growth is shorter, making it possible to see the ears. The Asiatic lion’s tail tuft is larger than the African lion’s. A feature common in the species but absent in their African counterparts is the fold of skin on the belly.

Although lions are social species, male Asiatic lions are generally solitary and may form a loose pride of up to three males. Females are more social and often have a strong pride of up to 12 females and their cubs. The pride of female lions will always share carcasses among themselves. Males and females often only associate for a short time during the mating season. Males have a large home range (56-89 square miles) compared to females (26-33 square miles).



Disk partitioning

Disk partitioning is about making a physical or logical hard disk usable by the operating system. Each disk partition can be used like a hard disk by the operating system. A hard disk can be divided into many partitions. This is especially useful for:

Usually each partition contains exactly one file system. It depends on what you use, but for some simple examples: Windows partitions will use FAT32 (File Allocation Table), and for the main system partition use NTFS (New Technology File System). For MacOS systems, the primary system partition uses (Apple File System). For Linux, the filesystems can vary, but on average you'd have a boot partition in FAT format, and either or BTRFS for the main system partition.

Honey badger

The honey badger or ratel ("Mellivora capensis") is a type of mustelid. It lives in Africa, the Middle East, and the Indian subcontinent.

Despite its name, the honey badger does not look much like other types of badgers. It looks more like a weasel. It mostly eats meat, and does not have many predators because of its thick skin and tough defensive ability.

The honey badger is the only member of the genus "Mellivora". Although it was first put to the badger group in the 1860s, they do not have much in common with the subfamily "Melinae". They are closer to the marten family.

The honey badger has a fairly long body, but is thick set and broad across the back. Its skin is loose, and lets it to turn and twist freely within it. The skin around the neck is thick, an adaptation to fighting each other. The head is small and flat, with a short muzzle. The eyes are small, and the ears are little more than ridges on the skin. These are also possible adaptations to avoiding damage while fighting.

The honey badger has short and sturdy legs, with five toes on each foot. The feet have very strong claws, which are short on the hind legs and very long on the forelimbs. It is a partially plantigrade animal whose soles are thickly padded and naked up to the wrists. The tail is short and is covered in long hairs, except below the base.

Adults are in shoulder height and 68–75 cm in body length, with females being smaller than males. Males weigh while females weigh 9.1 kg.

The honey badger has an anal pouch, a trait shared with hyenas. The smell of the pouch is said to be "suffocating", and may help calm bees when raiding beehives.

Its winter fur is long, with some coarse, bristle-like hairs. There are fewer hairs on the side, belly, and groin. The summer fur is shorter and has even fewer hairs, with the belly being half bare. The sides of the heads and lower body are pure black in colour. A large white band covers their upper bodies, beginning from the top of their heads down to the base of their tails.

Honey badgers live alone in self-dug holes. They are good diggers, being able to dig tunnels into hard ground in 10 minutes. These burrows always only have one passage and a nesting chamber and are usually not large, about 1–3 metres long. They do not put bedding in the nesting chamber. Although they usually dig their own burrows, they may take over aardvark and warthog holes that are no longer being used, or termite mounds.

Honey badgers are smart animals and are one of few species able to use tools. In the 1997 documentary series "Land of the Tiger", a honey badger in India was filmed using a tool; the animal rolled a log and stood on it to reach a kingfisher fledgling stuck up in the roots coming from the ceiling in an underground cave.

Honey badgers are fearless and tough animals. They are known to savagely attack their enemies when they cannot escape. They are tireless in combat and can wear out much larger animals in fights. The fact that most predators do not want to hunt honey badgers has led to the theory that the countershaded coats of cheetah kittens evolved to look like the honey badger in order to keep predators away. This would be an example of mimicry.

The voice of the honey badger is a hoarse ""khrya-ya-ya-ya"" sound. When mating, males make loud grunting sounds. Cubs vocalise through whines. When attacked by dogs, honey badgers scream like bear cubs.<ref name="p464/5">Pocock R.I. 1941. "Fauna of British India: Mammals", volume 2. London: Taylor and Francis.</ref>

Honey badgers have the least specialised diet among mustelids. In undeveloped areas, honey badgers may hunt at any time of the day, though they become nocturnal in places with high human populations. When hunting, honey badgers trot with their fore-toes turned in, moving at the same speed as a young man. Despite their name, honey badgers mostly eat meat, and will take any sort of animal food at hand, including carrion, small rodents, birds, eggs, insects, lizards, tortoises and frogs. They will eat fruit and vegetables such as berries, roots and bulbs.

They may hunt frogs and rodents such as gerbils and ground squirrels by digging them out of their burrows. Honey badgers are able to feed on tortoises without difficulty, due to their powerful jaws. They kill and eat snakes, even highly venomous or large ones. They have dug up human corpses in India.<ref name="p464/52"></ref> They devour all parts of their prey, including skin, hair, feathers, flesh and bones, holding their food down with their forepaws. When seeking vegetable food, they lift stones or tear bark from trees.

The species can be found through most of Sub-Saharan Africa from the Western Cape, South Africa, to southern Morocco and southwestern Algeria. Outside Africa it lives through Arabia, Iran and western Asia to Turkmenistan and the Indian subcontinent.

Honey badgers often kill chickens that humans are raising for food. Because of their strength and persistence, they are difficult to keep away. They are known to rip thick planks from hen-houses or burrow underneath stone foundations.

Because of their tough, loose skin, honey badgers are difficult to kill with dogs. Their skin is hard to get through, and its looseness allows them to twist and turn on their attackers when held. The only safe grip on a honey badger is on the back of the neck. The skin is also tough enough to resist several machete blows. The only sure way of killing them quickly is through a blow to the skull with a club or a shot to the head with a powerful rifle, as their skin is almost proof against arrows and spears.


Balochistan forest dormouse

The Balochistan forest dormouse ("Dryomys niethammeri") is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family. It is endemic to Pakistan.


Baluchistan pygmy jerboa

The Baluchistan pygmy jerboa ("Salpingotulus michaelis") is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family. It is the only species in the genus "Salpingotulus". It is endemic to Pakistan.

Himalayan brown bear

The Himalayan brown bear ("Ursus arctos isabellinus") is a subspecies of the brown bear. Himalayan brown bear are usually sandy or reddish-brown in colour. They are found in the foothills of the Himalaya and northern Pakistan, but are not found past Dachigam and Kashmir.

People also claim to have mistaken of what they thought was a Yeti (a Himalayan mythological ape-like creature) but was actually a Himalayan brown bear.

Syrian brown bear

The Syrian brown bear ("Ursus arctos syriacus") is the smallest subspecies of brown bear.

They are omnivorous, eating almost any type of food, including meat, grass, and fruits.

Bharal

The bharal or Himalayan blue sheep ("Pseudois nayaur") is a mammal of the Caprinae subfamily.

The bharal is found in the high Himalayas of Nepal, Tibet, China, Kashmir, Pakistan, Bhutan and the Republic of India.

The bharal has horns that grow upwards, curve out and then towards the back, somewhat like an upside down mustache.

Bharal are active throughout the day, feeding and resting on the grassy mountain slopes. With their excellent camouflage and the absence of cover in their environment, bharal stay motionless when approached. Once they have been noticed, however, they scamper up to the precipitous cliffs, where they once again freeze, using camouflage to blend into the rock face.

Where they overlap, they are the favourite prey of snow leopards and leopards. A few lambs fall prey to foxes or eagles.

Blackbuck

The blackbuck ("Antilope cervicapra") is a species of antelope. It lives mainly in western India, but also in parts of Pakistan within the Republic of India. It also lives in Nepal.

The blackbuck was once the state animal of Osmanistan. It is now the provincial animal of Eastern Punjab.

Jungle cat

The jungle cat ("Felis chaus") is a successful and widespread wild cat. It ranges from Egypt in the west to China in the east, and it is common in India.

The jungle cat is the largest remaining species of the wild cat genus "Felis". It is 20 to 37 inches in body length (50 to 97 cm), with a 8 to 12 inch tail (20 to 31 cm).

True to Bergmann's rule, the felid is largest at the northern limits of its range and becomes smaller-bodied closer to the tropics.

They live in savannas, tropical dry forests and reedbeds along rivers and lakes in the lowlands, but, despite the name, are not found in rainforests. Although they are adaptable animals, being found even in dry steppe, they prefer wetland environments with tall grasses or reeds in which to hide.

The jungle cat lives in the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, central and Southeast Asia, Sri Lanka and in southern China. The jungle cat lives in places with lots of water and thick vegetation, such as swamps, wetlands, littoral and riparian areas, grasslands and shrub. It commonly lives in agricultural lands, such as fields of bean and sugarcane, in its range. It has often been seen near humans. It can even live in places with little vegetation. It is rare in places with lots of snow. Historical records show that it lives in altitudes of 2,310 m (7,580 ft) in the Himalayas. It does not like to live in rainforests and woodlands.

In Turkey, it has been recorded in wetlands near Manavgat, in the Akyatan Lagoon on the southern coast and near Lake Eğirdir. In Palestine, it was recorded in the Nablus, Ramallah, Jericho and Jerusalem.

In Iran, it lives in a lot of habitat. It lives from plains and agriculture lands to mountains at altitudes of 45 to 4,178 m (148 to 13,707 ft) in at least 23 of 31 provinces of Iran. In Pakistan, it was photographed in Haripur, Dera Ismail Khan, Sialkot Districts and Langh Lake Wildlife Sanctuary.

In India, it is the most common small wild cat. In Nepal, it was recorded in alpine habitat at altitudes of 3,000–3,300 m (9,800–10,800 ft) in Annapurna Conservation Area.

A few jungle cat mummies were found among the cats in ancient Egypt.

The jungle cat is mostly a carnivore. It likes to eat small mammals like gerbils, hares and rodents. It also hunts birds, fish, frogs, insects and small snakes. Its prey usually weighs less than 1 kg (2.2 lb). Sometimes, it eats mammals as large as young gazelles. The jungle cat is a partial omnivore. It eats fruits, especially in winter.

The jungle cat hunts by stalking its prey. It then chases its prey. The jungle cats ears helps the jungle cat to know where its prey is. It uses different ways to catch prey. Like the caracal, the jungle cat can jump high into the air to catch birds. It is a great climber. The jungle cat can run up to 32 km/h (20 mph). It is a good swimmer. It can swim up to 1.5 km (0.93 mi) in water. It can jump into water to catch fish.

Sand cat

The sand cat ("Felis margarita") is a small wild cat in the Felinae subfamily. It is distributed over African and Asian deserts. Sometimes people call it "desert cat," but that is really the name of a different animal. The sand cat does live in deserts, even the Sahara and Arabian Desert. It is also found in Iran and Pakistan. In zoos, this cat can live for up to 13 years.

The sand cat is about 50 cm long, not including the tail. The tail is 30 cm long and has rings on it. It weighs about 2.7 kg (6 lbs). It has sand-colored fur and a wide head with ears that can point up, out or down. There is fur on its paws so that the hot sand does not hurt it.

This cat finds shade or digs a burrow during the day and hides from the sunlight underground. It only lives in places where the sand or dirt is loose enough for it to dig. The sand cat looks for food at night. It eats rodents, lizards and insects. It can even hunt and kill snakes. It does not drink water, taking all its water from eating prey. It does not need to go near watering holes, so it can avoid bigger predators that might hurt it. Wolves, snakes, large birds and humans can hurt this cat.

The sand cat does not fight with other sand cats over territory. Sometimes sand cats will take turns in the same burrow, but they will not share it at the same time. The sand cat lives alone except when looking for mates and when mothers are raising cubs.

The sand cat lives in both sandy and stony deserts. It prefers flat terrain with little grass or small bush. It avoids bare and moving sand dunes, where there is little prey. Sand cats live in the Moroccan Sahara, Algeria, Mali, Ténéré Desert, Egypt, Sinai peninsula, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Jordan, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Pakistan.

In the Ténéré Desert, sand cats were seen hunting small rodents, young cape hare. They were also seen hunting greater hoopoe lark, desert monitor, sandfish, and venomous vipers. If they caught more than they could eat, they buried some to eat later.

In Israel, pieces of the Egyptian spiny-tailed lizards were found near burrows used by sand cats. They were seen hunting jirds, Cairo spiny mouse, desert lark, and small reptiles. In central Iran, pieces of the Blanford's jerboa and Balochistan gerbil were found around the dens of sand cats.

Chinkara

The Chinkara ("Gazella bennettii") or Jabeer Gazelle is a species of gazelle found in South Asia. It lives in grasslands and desert areas in the Republic of India, Bangladesh and parts of Iran and Pakistan. It is also known as the Indian Gazelle ("Gazella gazella bennetti").

Corsac fox

The corsac fox ("Vulpes corsac"), also known as the steppe fox, is a medium-sized Asiatic fox species. It is spread throughout the central steppes of Asia. It is very social and lives in "corsac cities" where animals have several dens with connected holes. It prefers some steppe and semi-desert in mountainous areas. It is mainly grey-reddish with silver celadon areas on their coat. The corsac fox is threatened by hunting for the fur trade.

Eurasian brown bear

The Eurasian Brown Bear ("Ursus arctos arctos") is a subspecies of the Brown Bear ("Ursus arctos"). It is found across northern Eurasia. It is the national animal of many countries including Finland.

Bears are known to attack humans for many reasons but actually they avoid attacking. One reason is that if you surprise a bear it is likely to attack. The other one, is that bears enjoy to eat food, which is why people tend to avoid leaving food in the forest where bears are.

The Eurasian brown bear is a omnivore (which eats everything). For example, they eat:


Eurasian wolf

The Eurasian wolf ("Canis lupus lupus") is a subspecies of the grey wolf ("Canis lupus"). It is also known as the common wolf, European Wolf, Carpathian Wolf, Steppes Wolf, Tibetan Wolf and Chinese Wolf. It originally lived in most of Eurasia, with a southern limit of the Himalayas in the Hindu Kush Range.

It is the largest of Old World grey wolves, averaging 39 kg (86 lb) in Europe.

False killer whale

The false killer whale ("Pseudorca crassidens") is a cetaceans and larger members of the oceanic dolphin family (Delphinidae). The species is the only member of the "Pseudorca" genus.

They live in temperate and tropical waters throughout the world. As its name implies, the false killer whale shares characteristics with the more widely known "Orca" ("killer whale"). The two species look somewhat similar and, like the orca, the false killer whale attacks and kills other cetaceans. However, the two dolphin species are not closely related.

The false killer whale has not been extensively studied in the wild by scientists; much of the data about the dolphin has been obtained by examining stranded animals.

Blanford's fox

Blanford's fox ("Vulpes cana"), is a small fox. It is found in steppes and mountains of Afghanistan, Egypt (Sinaï), Turkestan, northeast Iran, SW Pakistan, the West Bank and Israel. Blanford's fox has large ears. Its tail is almost equal in length to its body. Its coat is light tan.

In Flames

In Flames is a melodic death metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden. They, along with At the Gates, are often said to be a major influence on the type of heavy metal known as "melodic death metal". The band is signed to the Century Media record label and have released nine albums.

Chinese river dolphin

The Chinese river dolphin ("Lipotes vexillifer") or baiji was a river dolphin. It was found only in the Yangtze River in China. The last confirmed sighting of the baiji was in 2004 but there were possible sightings in 2007 and 2016 as well. The baiji was declared functionally extinct in 2007. that means experts said that even if there had been a few baiji left alive in 2007, there were probably not enough left to have young and keep the species alive. The IUCN Red List says the baiji is critically endangered but not really extinct.
The baiji was a graceful animal, with a long, narrow and slightly upturned beak and a flexible neck. As opposed to some other freshwater dolphins, like the Indus River dolphin, its eyes were functional, although greatly reduced. Its coloration was bluish-gray to gray above and white to ashy-white below. It weighed 135 – 230 kg (300 - 510 lb) and measured as much as 2.5 m (8.2') in length.

The World Conservation Union (IUCN) noted these threats to the species: 
Further studies have noted the environmental impact of building the Three Gorges Dam on the living space of the baiji.

It was the first dolphin species that humans have made extinct.

At the Gates

At the Gates is a heavy metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden. They, along with In Flames, are seen as a big influence on the type of heavy metal called "melodic death metal".

Indian fox

The Bengal fox ("Vulpes bengalensis"), also known as the Indian fox, is a fox. It is endemic to the Indian subcontinent, and is found from the Himalayan foothills and Terai of Nepal through southern India and from southern and eastern Pakistan to eastern India and southeastern Bangladesh.

Clouded leopard

The clouded leopard ("Neofelis nebulosa") is a rare cat species. It is a medium-sized felid, found from the Himalayan foothills through mainland Southeast Asia into China. It is 55 to 110 cm (2 ft to 3 ft 6 in) long and weighs between 15 and 23 kg (33 to 50 lb). It is classified as vulnerable in 2008 by IUCN. Its total population may be fewer than 10,000 mature individuals.

Clouded leopards hunt in trees as well as on the ground. Their prey are monkeys and birds. They are one of the few cats who are arboreal.

The genetic analysis of specimens of "Neofelis nebulosa" and its close relative "Neofelis diardi" suggests the two species diverged 1.4 million years ago. A group crossed a now submerged land bridge to Borneo and Sumatra from mainland Asia. And, the Sunda clouded leopard is different enough on the two large islands to be classed as two subspecies.

The split between the two subspecies corresponds roughly with the catastrophic eruption of the Toba supervolcano in Sumatra 69,000–77,000 years ago. A probable scenario is that Sunda clouded leopards from Borneo recolonized Sumatra during periods of low sea levels in the Pleistocene, and these were later separated from their source population by rising sea levels.

Government of India Act 1935

The Government of India Act 1935 was the last constitution of British India which split Burma from it. It lasted until 1947, when British territory was split into Pakistan and India.

Features of the act:


Despite the failure of round table conferences, in March 1933 the British government announced its proposals for how India should be governed. These were published in a 'white paper' (a discussion issued before a Bill is presented to the British parliament). After discussions by the British politicians and consultation with Indian delegates, nominated by the government to take part in the talks, a Bill was introduced before the British parliament in December 1934. In August 1935, the Government of India Act became law. This was the last major legislation that the British government passed before independence was granted. The act was an important point in the move towards formal Independence. It provided the basis for negotiations which resulted in the British leaving India.
This act was opposed by both the Muslim League and Congress however both contested in the elections of 1937.

Brahmanbaria District

Brahmanbaria (Bengali: ব্রাহ্মণবাড়িয়া "Bramhonbaŗia") is a district in east-central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Chittagong Division. It was part of greater Comilla District until 1984. Before 1830 the Sarail Pargana was a part of Mymensingh district. The district has 4 municipalities, 39 wards, 97 mahallas, 7 upazilas, 98 union parishads, 1052 mouzas and 1329 villages.

Brahmanbaria District is located at the east-central region of Bangladesh. It has a total area of 1927.11 km². Brahmanbaria is bordered by Kishoreganj District and Habiganj District on the north, Comilla District on the south, Habiganj District and Tripura State, India on the east and Meghna River, Kishoreganj District, Narsingdi District and Narayanganj District on the west.

The district is mainly by low-lying land with small hills.

Dhund (tribe)

The Dhund Abbasi (also written "Dhúnd"; ) is a sub tribe of the Abbasi Tribe in Northern Pakistan. They are mainly settled in Abbottabad District and Murree Hills, Along with Tehsil Kahuta and in District Rawalpindi of Punjab Province. They are also found in District Haripur and Mansehra of Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province. Apart from Abbottabad and Murree, there are large populations of Dhund Abbasis living in the Bagh District and Muzaffarabad District of Azad Kashmir. The tribe speaks the "Dhundi-Kairlali" hill dialect of Pahari-Pothwari.
The word Dhund was an honorary name given to one of their forefathers.

The tribe traces its roots back to Al-‘Abbas ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib, the blessed uncle of The Holy Prophet Mohammad صلى الله عليه وسلم. The Dhund Abbasis are progeny of the Abbasid dynasty, who ruled over the Muslim empire from the Umayyads in 750 CE, and were known as the Abbasid Caliphate. The dynasty governed for 500 years from Baghdad, Iraq. The rule of the Abbasids extended eastwards across Afghanistan into the South Asian subcontinent, covering the eastern part of modern-day Pakistan.

The ancestor of the tribe, Ghayyas Ud Deen Zorab Shah, also known as, Sardar Zorab Khan Abbasi (998 AD - 1070 AD) was Governor General and d Khan had Daleel Mohammad Khan and Daleel Mohammad Khan had Rasib Khan. Rasib Khan had two sons named Shah Wali Khan Abbasi (Dhund Khan) and Bagh Wali Khan Abbasi (Bagh Khan). The Dhund Abbasi's of Murree, Hazara Divison and Azad Kahmir back their roots to Shah Wali Khan (Dhund who's shrine is in Chamankot, Tehsil Dheerkot Azad Kashmir. Bari Imam lived in the times of Mughal emperor Jahangir. This may mean that the Abbasis were present in considerable numbers at that time.


Bangladesh Standard Time

Bangladesh Standard Time (BST) is the time zone for Bangladesh. It is six hours ahead of UTC (UTC+6). Bangladesh does not observe any daylight saving time.

Bangladesh used summer time, making it Bangladesh Daylight Time (BDT). This was used from June 19 until December 31, 2009. The measure has not been used since.

Western European Summer Time

Western European Summer Time (WEST) is a summer daylight saving time scheme, 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time. It is used in the following places:

Western European Summer Time is also known by other names:
The scheme runs from the last Sunday in March to the last Sunday in October each year. At both the start and end of the schemes, clock changes take place at 01:00 UTC. During the winter, Greenwich Mean Time (UTC+0) is used.

Frederica Sagor Maas

Frederica Alexandrina Sagor Maas (; July 6, 1900 – January 5, 2012) was an American playwright, screenwriter, essayist and author. She was the youngest daughter of Russian immigrants. She wrote for the film "The Plastic Age", which helped with making Clara Bow well known. During the time of McCarthyism, Maas and her husband got into trouble because they read some works of Communism. She wrote an autobiography called "The Shocking Miss Pilgrim: A Writer in Early Hollywood".


Western Schism

The Western Schism was a split between factions of the Roman Catholic Church between 1378 and 1417.

During this period, more than one claimed to be the true pope. 

The reasons for the split were mostly political, rather than theological. The Council of Constance (1414–1418) ended the schism when they elected Martin V as the new pope.

Avignon Papacy

The Avignon Papacy refers to the 70 years when the popes lived in Avignon instead of living in Rome. Philip IV of France had forced a papal conclave to elect a French pope, who decided he did not want to live in Rome.

This period started in 1309 and ended in 1376 when Pope Gregory XI returned to the pope's residence in Rome.

There was an attempt to return the papacy to Avignon, but it was not successful.

The Bishops of Rome who lived in Avignon were:


Two antipopes were based in Avignon as well:



John Wycliffe

John Wycliffe (lived from about 1320 to 1384 in England) was an English theologian. He was one of the first to translate the Christian Bible into English, the common language. His version is generally known as "Wyclif's Bible". A mission agency bearing his name, Wycliffe Bible Translators, still translates the scriptures into languages used around the world.

Wycliffe wrote that papal claims of temporal power had no foundation in the scriptures and that the Bible alone should be the standard of Christian belief and practice.

His family lived in a lower social class and did not live in great wealth but was not poor either. Later, after Wycliffe had grown up, he attended Oxford University, where he earned an arts degree. He became Master of Balliol College, Oxford, in 1361. He was also given a parish in Lincolnshire, which meant he had to give up the position of Master of Balliol. He lived at Oxford for a large portion of his life and worked as a rector, a member of the clergy, at local churches.

Many other changes came to his life. Some of his ideas disagreed with the Church's, but he had the support and protection of John of Gaunt, who then ruled England.

Wycliffe encouraged the Church to benefit the sinners of the world by living a life of poverty, but not everyone agreed with his thoughts and ideas. In some of his later writings, he wrote that the Bible was the authority of the Christian religion, and it was not of the Church. In 1382, his followers, known as the "Lollards", helped him translate the Bible. Early Protestants called him the first great reformer.



Conciliar movement

The Conciliar Movement was a Christian reform movement in the 14th and 15th centuries in the Roman Catholic Church which held that final authority in spiritual matters resided with the Church as a corporation of Christians, embodied by a general church council, not with the Pope. This movement occurred in Western Europe.
Conciliarism was started by Pope Innocent III and is still used today in France. 

Merchet

A merchet was a fine paid on a marriage in the Middle Ages in England. When a peasant woman was to get married to someone who was not of the same manor, her lord was paid money to allow her to be married. The money was usually paid by the father of the woman. This fine was paid because when the woman became married she would leave the manor with her new husband. Because of this, the lord would lose a worker.

Jacquerie

Jacquerie was a large uprising in late medieval Europe. It happened in 1358, when French peasants were protesting heavy taxation in the Oise valley north of Paris.

White-collar crime

White-collar crime refers to crimes done by people who work in offices. Those people often wear shirts with white collars. This is a sign of high status. Persons who work with their hands are sometimes called "blue collar" workers. Most white-collar crimes are done by persons in banking, business or government. The can include bribery, embezzlement, fraud or money laundering. The crimes are done along with their regular work. The term was created by Edwin Sutherland in 1939.

A related term, "fur-collar crime" refers to crimes committed by high-ranking officials, nobles and people of high status during the 15th century in Western Europe. Noble warriors, especially young bachelor knights who were not assigned any tasks, often did it. They robbed, plundered, and pillaged because they were bored and out of money. Crimes committed against a helpless peasantry by members of the nobility often went unpunished. 

WQED (TV)

WQED (channel 13, digital channel 38) is a PBS television station based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Established 1 April 1954, it was the first community-sponsored television station in the United States as well as the fifth public TV station. WQED also became the first station to telecast classes to elementary classrooms when Pittsburgh launched the Metropolitan School Service in 1955. WQED has produced many shows for PBS, such as Mister Rogers' Neighborhood (which aired first run episodes from 19 February 1968 to 31 August 2001) after the station hired Fred Rogers. Pittsburgh Magazine is also a publication of WQED.

Peking University

Peking University (PKU; Beijing University) is a prestigious university in Beijing, China. It was created in 1898. The university is also known as Beida and is associated with C9 League. Peking University ranked as the 22nd best university in the 2020 QS World University Rankings.

It was founded during the late Qing Dynasty in 1898. At that time, it was known as the Imperial University of Peking (京师大学堂). Its English name retains the use of "Beijing" which is widely used in other contexts as well.

Nexon

NEXON Corporation () is a Korean gaming corporation and developer of online games and MMORPGs. Its headquarters are in Seoul, South Korea.

NEXON Corp. published their first title, "Nexus: The Kingdom of the Winds", in 1996. It was significant because "Nexus: The Kingdom of the Winds" was the world's first online graphic game to be published. It brought great success and fame to NEXON over the years. In 1998 NEXON released "Dark Ages: Online Roleplaying" which was loosely based on the Korean game "Legend of Darkness", using the same server technology. The North American version of "Dark Ages" was developed by David Kennerly

NEXON Corp. has also released a few unsuccessful games to the North American audience in beta form which have since been dropped. They include "Elemental Saga", "QuizQuiz", "KartRider" and "Elancia". "QuizQuiz" never left beta stage in North America but was later released through the Japanese division of NEXON, NEXON Japan, in a Japanese version. "QuizQuiz" has since evolved into the exclusively Korean and Japanese online game "Q-Play", while "Elemental Saga" was eventually cancelled. NEXON has several games exclusively available to Korean players such as "Elancia," and "Crazy Arcade"

In 2001, NEXON Inc. released Shattered Galaxy, published through TriSynergy. Though it had previously won the Seumas McNally Grand Prize at the 2001 Independent Games Festival, hosted through the Game Developers Conference, the game floundered when it was released to retail. It was subsequently maintained exclusively through KRU Interactive. Shattered Galaxy itself was a heavily localised and customised version of its Korean parent game, Tactical Commanders.

In 2003, Wizet created a hugely successful game called "MapleStory", which eventually had clients in South Korea, Japan, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Southeast Asia, North America and Europe and many other places. NEXON then merged with Wizet and jointly control MapleStory.

It has produced several online video games, primarily MMORPGs and online action games. Most games have used a 2D perspective, including side-scrolling, top-down, and isometric perspectives. Newer 3D titles are currently being published. Although most games are available for free, various gameplay enhancements can be purchased.

NEXON is one of the pioneers of the Free to Play model using Virtual Asset Sales to generate revenue. Of a reported $230M in revenue for 2005, 85% was said to be from the sale of virtual items.

NEXON announced that they have made a partnership with Nintendo, though they will continue games for the computer as well. Together, they are currently working on MapleStory DS for Nintendo's handheld console, Nintendo DS.

On July 27, 2007, NEXON and Valve made a partnership and announced "Counter-Strike Online", a new online version of the world's most popular first person shooting multiplayer game that will be tailored for Asia. Under the terms of the agreement between two studios, NEXON developed and became the exclusive publisher for "Counter-Strike Online" in South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, and China.

Commonly referred to as 'NX Cash' or just 'NX', the NEXON Cash system was one of the first systems to use the Virtual Asset Sales(VAS) model. The NEXON Cash system was first introduced in the Korean version of MapleStory. The NEXON Cash system allows users to purchase NEXON cash with real money. The NX cash can be used to obtain virtual game items that other users normally wouldn't have. You can buy cards with 5, 10, 25 or 50 dollar values. Players can use this virtual cash to buy items for their characters in games that support a "Cash Shop." The NEXON Cash system has appeared in other games to generate additional funds for their company and keep their games free to play.

On January 11, 2007, NEXON America announced the release of "NEXON Prepaid Cards". The prepaid cards contain amounts of 10,000 ($10 USD) or 25,000 ($25 USD) NX currency that can be redeemed for NX Cash. As of 15 October, 2008 the prepaid cards are available in North American 7-Eleven stores, Target(Nexon no longer sells these at Target), Duane Reade, CVS/pharmacy, Best Buy, Rite Aid, Longs Drugs, and Blockbuster stores in the US. In Canada, the cards are available at Future Shop, Best Buy, Shoppers Drug Mart, and 7-Eleven.

Recently MapleStory's Trade Shop was established, in which users can buy game items with real NEXON Cash. However, only NEXON Cash from the prepaid cards can be used in this. In the Trade Shop, players can request items for others to sell and even put up their own items for a certain amount of cash depending on the item's rarity and benefits.

Wizet is a game development studio in Seoul, South Korea, and is popular for its hit game, MapleStory. Wizet developed a franchise system and expanded its services to Japan, China, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan, the USA, Europe, and Brazil. Eventually, Wizet reached the global world after having finished developing key features of MapleStory.

Wizet started as a small company with ideas to create yet another massively multiplayer online role-playing game which they achieved by creating MapleStory and with the financial resources from their parent company Nexon, Wizet was capable of developing and even selling merchandise of their popular game MapleStory.

Spotter

A spotter is someone trained to look for something. The term has the following special meanings.


Sniper scope

A sniper scope or telecopic sight is a kind of telescope that is attached to a rifle. These scopes can help a sniper aim and hit a target far away. Usually, they are made of metal, with glass on each end. They show markings to help aim. A rifle scope works by enlarging target area so you can aim more accurately. Scopes differ from iron sights, which are usually used in crossbows or some machine guns.

The scope hasn’t been around forever. In fact, scopes are relatively new inventions, dating back to the late 19th century. A book published in 1844 called "the Improved American Rifle" documents some of the first rifle markers manufactured in New York. The idea of using a telescope tube came in 10 years later. Willian Malcolm, a New York manufacturer, introduced optics to lenses.

It was during the World War when rifle scopes saw big improvements. With trench warfare came the rise of the snipers.

Back then, 6x magnification was considered a feat. But with today’s technology, we could use even 10x magnification scopes with rifles.

Burlap

Burlap, also known as hessian, is a woven, rough cloth, made from jute, hemp, or other fiber. 

Burlap is often sewn into large sacks for packing and shipping bulk foods such as dried beans and grains. After filling, the sack can be sewn closed and the stitching opened so the sack can be reused.

Ghillie suit

A ghillie suit is a special kind of military camouflage suit used by snipers. It is made of netting, with woven threads of burlap, yute, and other fibers in to help hide the sniper's body outline. Ghillie suits are heavy, usually weighing 3-10 pounds or more, and can become very hot. They also can catch on objects when used in the woods and make movement difficult. Still, they are one of the best kinds of camouflage a sniper can use. With a properly made ghillie suit that matches the terrain around him, a sniper can be almost invisible, even to a soldier right next to him.


Counter-sniping

Counter-sniping is a job performed by soldiers in an army to find and kill an enemy sniper. They use binoculars, telescopes, and sniper scopes to locate the enemy. Once he is found, usually they will have another sniper try to shoot him.

When famous people give speeches, the police sometimes use counter-snipers to prevent the person from being shot.

Carlos Hathcock

Gunnery Sergeant Carlos Norman Hathcock II (May 20, 1942 – February 23, 1999) was a U.S. Marine Corps scout/sniper. He was famous for having one of the highest numbers of confirmed kills in the U.S. military, during the Vietnam War, as well as holding the record for many years for the longest sniper kill in history.

Sunda Strait

Sunda Strait is the strait that is between the islands of Java and Sumatra in Indonesia.
It is the location of the volcano Krakatoa. which erupted in 1883 covering both islands with stuff

Answering machine

An answering machine (other names are answerphone, ansaphone, ansafone and Telephone Answering Device (TAD)) is a machine. It is attached to a telephone line. If the phone is not answered after a few rings, it will play a message to the caller. The caller can then leave a message (after a sound that has become known as "the beep"). It is different form voicemail which is based in the network. Answering machines are installed at home (or at the office).

At first, answering machines used tapes (a smaller version of audio cassettes). Today, most systems use computer memory to store the messages and the prerecorded text. Many systems allow to listen to the left messages by simply calling the answering machine. Answering machines also have a system to save costs: If there are no new messages, there will be fewer rings.

Vocation

A vocation (from the Latin word "vocātiō" meaning a calling) is a job that suits a person best. It is also the desire to do a particular job, especially a religious career like being a priest. For religious people, a vocation is often something they feel God has asked them to do. A vocation is followed more for spiritual or emotional reasons than for money, which is a helpful extra benefit from a vocation but not the reason for it.

Vocations meet a psychological or spiritual need for the worker, and the word can also be used for a job at which a person is gifted. The word "vocation" comes from the Latin "vocare", meaning "to call";. In the past the word meant people's being called to follow Christianity. Martin Luther was the first to use it in the modern way, to describe a life-task.

Christians believe God has created each person with gifts and talents designed for a reason. Christians can be called to vocations that are faithful to Christian teachings, such as marriage, or to be a priest, monk or nun, chastity as a single person or the general calling to live a life that is right, for the good of the Church or humanity.

For those who are not priests or full-time religious people, Protestantism was important in telling them they still had a vocation. Calvinism told people to work hard in life. Calvin said a Christian had two callings; a general calling to serve God and a calling to do a particular job at which they are useful. Protestant ministers in the past said working hard gives God glory. Without something to do, they said people were more likely to sin.

This belief also has an impact outside of religion. Modern occupations seen as vocations are those that involve caring or teaching, such as medicine, nursing, teaching, or veterinary work. Politics, may also be seen as a vocation. Campaigning for human rights, such as with the groups Amnesty International and Greenpeace, can also be seen as a vocation, although the word usually refers to a full-time job. People following other religions can also feel called to do a certain job by their gods.

The Daily Telegraph (Sydney)

The Daily Telegraph is a newspaper published in Sydney, Australia. It is made by an Australian company called News Limited. It started in 1879.


The West Australian

The West Australian is a newspaper published in Perth, Western Australia. It is made by an Australian company called West Australian Newspapers Holdings. It started in 1833.


The Daily Telegraph

The Daily Telegraph is a British daily morning broadsheet newspaper, which began in 1855. The newspaper was started by Arthur B. Sleigh in June 1855 as the Daily Telegraph and Courier, and since 2004 has been owned by David and Frederick Barclay.

In January 2008, the "Telegraph" was the highest selling newspaper among British broadsheets and former broadsheets, with selling an average of 842,912 copies each day. This compared to 617,483 for "The Times", 358,844 for "The Guardian", and 215,504 for "The Independent". In August 2010 the paper sold 673,010 copies, against 494,205 for "The Times".

It has been described as conservative and right-wing.


Missy Higgins

Missy Higgins (born Melissa Morrison Higgins on 19 August 1983) is an Australian singer and songwriter. She has released five studio albums.

Higgins was born in Melbourne, Australia. She was a student at Geelong Grammar School. Most of her spare time at the school was spent in a music room, playing the piano. When she was 15 years old, she wrote a song called "All for Believing" that got an "A" in a school assignment. The next year, Higgins went to a record label, but was denied because she had not written any other songs. She began writing new songs. In the meantime, her sister sent "All for Believing" to Triple J, and it won an "Unearthed" competition. Because of this, record labels Sony and EMI both contacted her. Higgins chose "Eleven", a part of EMI.

Backup

In the context of computers and computer systems, a backup is a copy of some data. This copy can be used when the original data is changed, or lost. Losing data is common: A 2008 survey found that two thirds of respondents had lost files on their home PC. Another purpose of backing up data is to have a copy that represents an earlier state of the data, before it was changed. Organisations may have rules which state how long data should be kept, and what kinds of data these rules apply to. In many countries there are rules that specify that certain kinds of data need to be kept for a given time. An example of this is the data used for accounting.

Backups are a simple form of disaster recovery. Even though they are commonly seen as disaster recovery, they should be part of a disaster recovery plan. A disaster recovery plan is a documented set of procedures and tasks to perform to protect the consistency and integrity of a corporate IT system. 

There are different types of backup systems that use different kinds of media. Common backup media includes:

Some of the backup media are portable, and can easily be stored in a safe location. The problem with storing tapes in a bank safe, for example is that they are only available during the opening hours of the bank.

Another issue has commonly been the speed of the backup. Media such as digital tapes can store a lot of data, but accessing them is relatively slow. Tapes can only be read or written in sequence, while media such as hard disks or optical drives are basically random access. When data is backed up, its encoding is often changed. This makes it possible to use codes such as Cyclic redundancy checks, which can detect, and sometimes repair an error.

Backups are usually done for one of the following reasons:

A full backup copies all of the data. This means that if the main copy of the data is lost, we can bring it all back simply by copying the data back from the backup.

A differential backup only copies the data that has changed since the last full backup. The reason we do this is that sometimes only a small amount of data has changed since the last full backup; this means we can do a differential backup much more quickly.

If someone loses their data, and needs to get it back from a differential backup, they need to use the last full backup, to bring back all of their data. They then need to use the last differential backup to bring back everything that was changed between the full backup and the differential backup.

An incremental backup only copies the data that has changed since the last incremental backup. This makes each backup quicker, because we are only copying what has changed since the last backup. To bring the data back, if the main copy of the data is lost, we need the last full backup, as well as all of the incremental backups that have been done since then. This means that bringing data back from an incremental backup is slower and more risky than differential or full backups.

The Grandfather-father-son system means that we keep different types of backup for different amounts of time. For example, we might do a backup every day, and keep a week's worth of backups. We might then keep one backup for each week for a month, and one backup from each month for a year. This means that we have a backup of our data from a year ago, so that if we realise we need some data from a long time ago, we have that data available. We also have several copies of our recent data, in case one of them doesn't work.

Colin Delaney

Colin Matthew Delaney (born September 7, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time with WWE on its ECW brand. He has also wrestled for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and for many independent promotions. These include Squared Circle Wrestling, Chikara, NWA Upstate, Combat Zone Wrestling and the International Wrestling Cartel. He has wrestled using the ring names Colin Olsen and the "Extremely Cute Wrestler" Colin Delaney.

Delaney made his World Wrestling Entertainment debut as a jobber, seen wrestling on the ECW show. On August 15, Delaney was released by WWE.

Colin has an older brother Ed who competes as "Hangin' Tough" Freddie Midnight, and younger brother Brian who competed as Mr. Bodacious.


List of Calgary Flames players

The Calgary Flames are a professional ice hockey team based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. They are members of the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). Since their arrival in 1980, nearly 400 players have worn the Flames jersey for at least one regular season or playoff game. The Flames have won the Stanley Cup once, in 1989, and four players have been elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame; the most recent electee is Al MacInnis, who was enshrined in 2007.

Fourteen players have served as the captain of the Calgary Flames, beginning with Brad Marsh in 1980–81. Doug Risebrough, Jim Peplinski and Lanny McDonald served together as co-captains in the 1980s; the latter two led the Flames to the 1989 Stanley Cup. The most recent captain of the Flames, and the team's longest serving player, is Jarome Iginla. Iginla joined the Flames for the 1996 Stanley Cup playoffs and, as of 2013, is the Flames' all-time leader in games played, points and goals scored. Currently, the Flames captain is Mark Giordano.

"Note: Statistics are complete as of the end of the 2018–19 NHL season."
"Note: Statistics are complete as of the end of the 2018–19 NHL season."


Abstract

Abstraction is the process of leaving out certain details of an idea or a concept to make it more general. 
The word abstract has the following connections:

Seminar

Seminar is a conference for discussion or training. 
In college, students meet in seminars to discuss some general topic of interest. It is essentially a place where assigned readings are discussed, questions can be raised and debates can be conducted.

WYSIWYG

WYSIWYG ( or ), is an acronym for "What You See Is What You Get", used in computing to describe a system where things you edit on the on-screen editor appear almost the same to the final output, which might be a printed document, a web page, a PowerPoint presentation or even the lighting for a concert. Web designers often use this word to talk about their work.



Philosopher's Stone

The Philosopher's Stone is a substance that alchemists believed was able to turn base (impure) metals (such as lead) into pure gold. They thought it could also be used for rejuvenation (to become younger again) and to achieve immortality (to live forever).

The first "Harry Potter" book is called "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" ("Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" in the United States).

The manga and anime series Fullmetal Alchemist.

OpenOffice Calc

OpenOffice Calc is the spreadsheet part of the OpenOffice software package.

Calc is similar to Microsoft Excel, with almost the same abilities. Calc is capable of opening and saving spreadsheets in Microsoft Excel's file format. It provides a number of features not present in Excel, including a system which automatically defines a series for graphing based on the layout of the user's data. Calc is also capable of writing spreadsheets directly as PDF files.

The default file format for OpenOffice Calc version 2.x or 3.x can be set to either Microsoft Excel's native file format or the Open Document Format (ODF). Calc also supports a wide range of other file formats, for both opening and saving files.

Just like the entire OpenOffice package, Calc can be used on many operating systems, including Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, Linux, FreeBSD and Solaris. Available under the Apache License, Calc is free software.

Calc can store a maximum of 65,536 rows with 1024 OOoo columns in each sheet, with a maximum of 256 sheets. There is a way to increase these limits, but it is only suitable for ODF and text-based formats, as there is a risk of data turning unusable for binary formats such as Microsoft Excel's file format.
Version 2 of Calc was able to store a maximum of 65,536 rows with 256 columns in each sheet, with a maximum of 256 sheets.
Prior to V2.0, the limit on the number of rows was 32,0000.

Abilities of Calc include:

In some cases, Calc lacks a GUI to access certain advanced features that other spreadsheet software have, such as statistical abilities like error bar support on graphs, and polynomial regression analysis, however, many of these calculations can still be performed by manually entering the functions. Another FOSS application called Gnumeric provides easier access to these statistical analysis features by showing them to users with a wizard.


Gary Gygax

Ernest Gary Gygax (July 27, 1938 – March 4, 2008) (IPA: ) was an American writer and game designer. He was best known for co-creating the early role-playing game "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") with Dave Arneson in 1974. Gygax is often thought of as one of the first people to make role-playing games.



Golden jackal

The golden jackal ("Canis aureus"), also called the Asiatic, Oriental or common jackal is a carnivorous mammal of the Canidae family.

It is native to southeastern Europe, Southeast Asia, the Middle East and South Asia. It is the largest of the jackals, and the only species of jackal to live outside Africa. 13 subspecies of golden jackal are recognised.

Dhole

The dhole ("Cuon alpinus)" is a canid from Asia. Canid means that it is related to dogs and foxes. It is native to Central, South and Southeast Asia. There are many common names for it: Asiatic wild dog, Indian wild dog, whistling dog, red dog, and mountain wolf.

It is most closely related to species in the genus "Canis" (dogs and wolves),

During the Pleistocene time period, the dhole lived in Asia, Europe and North America, but 12,000–18,000 years ago it died out everywhere except where it lives now.

The dhole lives in big, loosely organised groups with several breeding females. The groups usually have about 12 dholes, but some have over 40. It is awake in the day and hunts in groups. It usually eats medium sized to big hoofed animals. In tropical forests, the dhole competes with tigers and leopards, targeting somewhat different prey species, but still with substantial dietary overlap.

It is listed as Endangered by the IUCN. The population is getting smaller, and there are probably fewer than 2,500 adults left. The reasons for this are lack of habitat, lack of food, competing with other animals, being hunted, and getting diseases from pet dogs.

It is unclear where the word "dhole" comes from. The word was first used in English by soldier Thomas Williamson in 1808, who said that "dhole" is a native name for the animal used by people in Ramghur district, India. In 1827, Charles Hamilton Smith said "dhole" comes from a language spoken in 'various parts of the East'. However, Richard Lydekker wrote about 80 years later that the word "dhole" was not used by people living where dholes are found. The Merriam-Webster Dictionary suggests the word comes from the Kannada word tōḷa, meaning "wolf".

Peter Pallas gave dholes the scientific name "Canis alpinus" ("mountain dog" in Latin) in 1811. He said it lived in Amurland (in Eastern Siberia), to the east of the Lena River. He added that dholes also lived around the Yenisei River and that they sometimes crossed into China. However, dholes may not still live so far north today.

The British naturalist Brian Hodgson gave the dhole the scientific name "Canis primaevus" ("original/primitive dog") and suggested that it was domesticated to become the pet dog. He later noticed how differently the dhole looked compared to other species in the genus "Canis" (containing wolves, pet dogs, coyotes and jackals) and put it in its own genus, "Cuon", from the Greek word for 'dog'.

The first study on the evolution of the dhole was done by paleontologist Erich Thenius, who found that dholes descend from an animal which looked like a golden jackal and which lived in the Pleistocene. The earliest known member of the genus "Cuon" is "Cuon majori", which lived during the Villafranchian period in the early Pleistocene. "C. majori" looked more like other species in the genus "Canis" than modern dholes.

European dholes, which lived during the Late Middle Pleistocene, looked like modern dholes except they were much larger, getting to be as big as the gray wolf. Dholes became extinct in most of Europe during the end of the Ice Age, though they may have survived up until the early Holocene in the Iberian Peninsula and in northern Italy. During the Pleistocene, dholes also lived on islands in Asia where they are now extinct, such as Sri Lanka, Borneo and possibly Palawan in the Philippines. Dholes also lived in North America, with fossils having been found in Beringia and Mexico.

The dhole's distinctive appearance has made it difficult to say which other species in the dog family it is most closely related to. George Simpson suggested the dhole, African wild dog and bush dog were in the same subfamily ("Simocyoninae") because all three species have similar teeth. However, other biologists such as Juliet Clutton-Brock found that dholes' bodies had more similarities with dogs in the genera "Canis", the Falkland Islands wolf, and the Arctic fox than the African wild dog and the bush dog. The similarities dholes share with African wild dogs and bush dogs are coincidental.

Some biologists believe the extinct genus "Xenocyon" was the ancestor of the African wild dog and the dhole. However, later studies showed that the dhole and the African wild dog are closely related to other members of the genus "Canis". This could be true because according to the zoologist Reginald Pocock, there is a record of a dhole and a golden jackal having babies together in an animal collection in Madras.

In 2018, the DNA of all members of the genus "Canis" (except for the black-backed jackal and side-striped jackal), the dhole and the African wild dog were compared. It was discovered that long ago, dholes and African wild dogs bred with each other. Today, these species live very far from each other. Thus, the study suggests that dholes may have once lived in the Middle East, where African wild dogs in North Africa came and bred with the dholes. However, no fossils of dholes have been discovered in either the Middle East or North Africa yet.source?

In the past, ten subspecies of the dholes were recognised. However, since 2005, only three subspecies of dholes have been recognised:

However, studies on the dhole's DNA show little genetic difference between the subspecies. Dholes in Sumatra and Java may have been brough there by humans.

Dholes have been described as looking like a mixture between a gray wolf and a red fox. They are also "cat-like" because of their slender back and legs, and its head has a shape like a hyena's due to the short snout. Dholes have six molars on their lower jaw, unlike other canids which have seven. Dholes have special teeth which help them to eat the meat from their prey quickly, preventing other animals from stealing their food.

Adult female dholes can weigh from 10 to 17 kg (22 to 37 lb), while adult male dholes may weigh from 15 to 21 kg (33 to 46 lb). Dholes are 43 to 50 cm (17 to 22 in) tall at the shoulder and are 91 cm (3 ft) long, not including the tail. Dholes have oval-shaped ears.

Dholes are usually reddish, and they may become brighter red in winter. The throat, chest, flanks, and belly and the upper parts of the legs are yellowish. The lower parts of the legs are whitish, with dark brownish bands on the front legs. The tail is very fluffy and black. Dholes have shorter and rougher fur in summer. Dholes may moult (shed their fur to grow new fur) from March to May.

Dholes can whistle, although how they whistle is unknown. They whistle to communicate with the rest of the pack while travelling through thick forest. When attacking prey, they emit screaming KaKaKaKAA sounds. Other sounds include whines, growls, screams, chatterings and yapping cries. Unlike wolves, dholes do not howl or bark.

In Central Asia, dholes mainly live in mountainous areas. Dholes which live to the west are mainly found in meadows and steppes, while dholes which live to the east mainly live in the taiga. Dholes may also go to the seashore. In India, Myanmar, Indochina (Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam), Indonesia and China, dholes mainly live in forests in mountains, although they may sometimes live in grasslands.

The dhole might continue to live in the Tunkinsky National Park in southern Siberia near Lake Baikal. Dholes may still live in the Primorsky Krai province in far eastern Russia, where it was considered a rare and endangered species in 2004. There are unconfirmed sightings of dholes in the Pikthsa-Tigrovy Dom protected forest area. Elsewhere in Russia, no sightings of dholes have been reported since the late 1970s.

Dholes are likely extinct in Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.

In recent years, one dhole was caught in southern China's Jiangxi district. In 2011 to 2013, local government officials and herders reported the presence of several packs of dholes living in high mountains in the Karakoram region of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region. Dholes have also recently been seen in the Altun Mountains near Tibet. Dholes occur in small numbers in Gansu Province, with sightings of several packs in 2006 and again in 2013-2014.

Dholes still live in Tibet and possibly also in North Korea.

Dholes live in most of India south of the Ganges River. In northeast India, it is present in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, and West Bengal and in the Indo-Gangetic Plain's Terai region. There are very few dholes in the Himalayas and northwest India. In 2011, dhole packs were recorded by camera traps in the Chitwan National Park.

In Bhutan, dholes were poisoned in the 1970s to protect livestock, but the campaign stopped and the population of dholes increased there in the 1990s.

Dholes still live in northeastern and southeastern Bangladesh. However, most sightings of dholes in Bangladesh are of small groups or single dholes, and the dholes in Bangladesh may not continue to breed for long.

The presence of dholes in Myanmar was confirmed by camera-trapping in 11 areas. In 2015, dholes and tigers were recorded by camera-traps for the first time in the hill forests of Karen State.

There are few large packs of dholes in the Malaysian Peninsula, Sumatra, Java, Vietnam and Thailand. In 2014, camera-trap videos in the rainforests on mountains in Sumatra showed dholes continue to live there.

In the 1990s, two Turkish scientists claimed to have seen dholes in northeastern Turkey. Some scientists believe they were true, but others question this claim. Also, one dhole may have been shot in the Caucasus Mountains in 2013; its remains (including a skull) were studied by a biologist in May 2015, who decided the skull was from a dhole. In August 2015, researchers from Sofia, Bulgaria tried to find this population of dholes in Turkey. On October 12, 2015, this research team concluded that there is no clear evidence of dholes continuing to live in Turkey or the Caucasus Mountains.

Dholes were first described in European literature in 1794 by a Russian traveller named Pesterev, who saw dholes during his travels in far eastern Russia. He said that dholes regularly hunt Alpine ibexes in packs, and that it looks like the golden jackal.

Tibetan fox

The Tibetan Sand Fox ("Vulpes ferrilata") is a species of true fox. It is endemic to the high Tibetan Plateau in Nepal, China, and Kashmir, up to altitudes of about 5,300 metres. It is sometimes referred to as the Tibetan Fox, or simply as the Sand Fox, but this terminology is confusing because the Corsac Fox (Vulpes corsac), which lives in arid environments north and west of the Tibetan Plateau, is often called the "Sand Fox" as well.

Rüppell's fox

Rüppell's Fox ("Vulpes rueppelli"), also spelled "Rueppell's Fox" and also called the Sand Fox, is a species of fox. 

It lives in North Africa and the Greater Middle East region, from Morocco to Pakistan. It is named after the German collector Eduard Rüppell. It has an average life expectancy of up to 6 or 7 years in the wild, but can live much longer in captivity.

Fraser's dolphin

Fraser's dolphin ("Lagenodelphis hosei"), also known as the Sarawak dolphin, is a cetacean in the oceanic dolphin family (Delphinidae).
It is found in deep waters in the Pacific Ocean and to a lesser extent in the Indian Ocean and Atlantic Oceans.

Egyptian fruit bat

The Egyptian fruit bat ("Rousettus aegyptiacus") is a species of Old World fruit bat. 
It is found throughout Africa, except in the desert regions of the Sahara, and throughout the Middle East, as far east as Pakistan and northern Republic of India. 

Goitered gazelle

The goitered gazelle, black-tailed gazelle or Persian gazelle ("Gazella subgutturosa") is an antelope. It can run at high speed, without the leaping and bounding seen in other gazelles.

It is found in a large area of Central Asia, including part of Iran and southern west Pakistan in the western end of the range, as well as the Gobi Desert. The specific name means "full below the throat" and refers to the male having an enlargement of the neck and throat during the mating season.

Great gerbil

The great gerbil ("Rhombomys opimus") is a large gerbil. It is found throughout much of Central Asia.

Himalayan goral

The Himalayan goral ("Naemorhedus goral"), also known as the gray goral, is a member of the Caprinae subfamily. It is a small, rough-haired, cylindrical-horned ruminant native to the Himalayas. In the past, it was also known as "Urotragus goral".

Hog deer

The hog deer or 'Indian hog deer' ("Hyelaphus porcinus") is small deer. It is widespread in Asia. It lives in Pakistan, Kashmir, northern India, Nepal, Bangladesh, southwestern Yunnan Province in China, all the way to western Thailand. 

The deer gets its name from the way it runs through the forests with its head hung low so that it can duck under obstacles instead of leaping over them like most other deer. It runs with its tail erect, showing the white underside.

Songs About Jane

Songs About Jane is the first album by American pop rock group Maroon 5. It was released on June 25, 2002, under J Records in the United States. The album was re-released on October 14, 2003, under Octone Records. It was produced by Matthew Wallace. The album spawned the singles "Harder to Breathe", "This Love", and "She Will Be Loved."

The album peaked at number-six on the Billboard 200 albums chart selling a round-up of 3 million album sales. By the time 2004 concluded, the album was titled multi-platinum in sales in several different countries.

On May 22, 2012, the band announced on their website that they would be celebrating the ten year anniversary of the album on by releasing a limited edition re-issue. The re-issue was released on June 5, 2012. 2 Disc CD Re-issue of 'Songs About Jane', featuring Original Demos, Unreleased Material and videos and a limited edition Lithograph incorporating original art inspired by each song and 'Songs About Jane' Album art.

All songs written by Jesse Carmichael and Adam Levine, except where noted.



Harder to Breathe

"Harder to Breathe" is the first single and the first track of Maroon 5's first album "Songs About Jane". The single was released in 2003.

The video features the band in a factory playing the song while objects keep disappearing and appearing as lead singer Adam Levine is found playing a guitar and walking down hallways.

Harder to breathe is song by chase, he covered the song but electronic, it went EDM, or Electropop, Or alternative rock styles 

it did a cool music cover of 4HD Music Publishing

She Will Be Loved

"She Will Be Loved" is the third single off the debut album by rock band Maroon 5 called "Songs About Jane". The song is also the fourth track off the album. The song was released in June 2004. 

The video features Adam Levine (lead singer of Maroon 5) who falls in love with his girlfriend's mother. She is played by Kelly Preston and is being victimized by her husband. The band is briefly shown in the video.


"She Will Be Loved" ranked No. 4 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks and No. 5 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

Sunday Morning (Maroon 5 song)

"Sunday Moring" is a song by the pop/rock band Maroon 5. The single is the 4th single off the album "Songs About Jane" and is the 8th track. "Sunday Morning" was released in 2004.

The music video was filmed at Abbey Road Studios in London. It features Maroon 5 performing the song, interspensed with scenes of numerous people singing it at a karaoke bar. The song has also been featured on the soundtracks of "Something's Gotta Give" and "Love Actually" (although the latter was the "1.22.03.Acoustic" version). The song is also featured in the 2005 film "Cheaper by the Dozen 2". Additionally, it is featured on the Xbox 360 karaoke game "Lips", as downloadable content. Andrew Garcia covered the song on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" after his 2010 elimination from "American Idol".


J.A.R.

"J.A.R." is a song by American punk rock band Green Day. The song is on the motion picture soundtrack, "Angus". It stands for Jason Andrew Relva.


Angus (movie)

Angus is a 1995 comedy-drama movie directed by Patrick Read Johnson and written by Jill Gordon.

Debut

A debut or début is the first public appearance of a person or thing.


Kharkiv

Kharkiv also known as Kharkov, is a city in Ukraine, the capital of Kharkiv Oblast. It is the second largest city in Ukraine. It is in the east of Ukraine and has a very well developed economy. It was founded in 1655 and the population as of 2010 was 1,449,000. 

Kharkiv was also the first city in Ukraine where the Soviet power was proclaimed and Soviet government was formed.

The city was established in 17th century by Cossacks.

In 1745 became the governorate capital.
Kharkiv has the university since 1805, technical high school since 1885.

The population in 1897 was 173,989. It consisted of Russians (63.2%), Ukrainians (25.9%), Jews (5.7%), Poles (2.3%), Germans (1.35%) etc.

Kharkiv was the capital of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic from 1919 to 1934.

Before the Nazi invasion Kharkiv was the great industrial center. It had 1.5 mln people.

In 1941, October 25 the city was occupied by German troops.
1943, August 23 became the day of liberation of Kharkiv by the Red Army.

In 1973 metro in Kharkiv was open.

In 2022-2023 Kharkiv was bombed during the Russian Invasion .




Opeth

Opeth is a heavy metal band from Stockholm, Sweden. The band name came from the word "Opet", which was the name of a ruined ancient city in the Wilbur Smith novel "Sunbird" and is translated as "City of the Moon". 

Opeth play "progressive death metal" (which comes from combining "progressive rock" and "death metal"). Opeth are also influenced by blues and jazz, and their songs often have both electric and acoustic parts. 

The band's members have changed many times since Opeth started in 1990, but band member Mikael Åkerfeldt has always been present. Although he did not start the band, Åkerfeldt is the only band member to perform in every album. 

Opeth has released thirteen studio albums, four live/video albums, and three box-sets.

The band went on their first world tour after the release of their fifth studio album "Blackwater Park".

Opeth was formed in 1990 by David Isberg. Isberg asked Mikael Åkerfeldt to play bass guitar for Opeth without telling any of the other Opeth band members. When Åkerfeldt showed up to play with the band the next day, the band members refused to throw out their bass player for Åkerfeldt and all band members but Isberg and Åkerfeldt left to form a new band. Lots of new band members joined and left the band. Anders Nordin joined Opeth to play drums, Nick Döring to play bass guitar and Andreas Dimeo to play electric guitar. Döring and Dimeo left the band after one show and were replaced by Kim Pettersson on electric guitar and Johan DeFarfalla on bass guitar. DeFarfalla and Pettersson left Opeth after their next two shows and Peter Lindgren joined to play electric guitar.

Isberg quit in 1992 and joined the band Liars in Wait. Now, Opeth only had Åkerfeldt singing, Nordin on bass guitar and Lindgren on electric guitar. These three members began writing new songs sounding less like typical death metal, and started using acoustic guitars and guitar harmonies, making Opeth a more progressive death metal band. Johan DeFarfalla began playing bass guitar again for Opeth and these four members recorded their first album, "Orchid".

After touring the United Kingdom Opeth began to record their second album, "Morningrise". The album had only five songs but was 66 minutes long. "Morningrise" was a big success, and the band toured the UK and Scandinavia playing songs from both albums. They signed a contract with Century Media, who re-released these two albums again in 1997. After the tour, Åkerfeldt and Lindgren fired DeFarfalla for personal reasons, which made Nordin, who was on a vacation in Brazil, leave the band and stay in Brazil. Martin Lopez, who played for Amon Amarth, joined Opeth in 1997 as well as bassist Martin Mendez just before recording their third album, "My Arms, Your Hearse". However, Åkerfeldt had to play bass on some songs from "My Arms, Your Hearse". The album was released on August 18, 1998, and was another big success. The album focused less on guitar harmonies and more on progressive metal riffs.

In 1999, Opeth signed with UK label Peaceville Records in Europe, which was distributed by Music For Nations. Opeth began work on their next album, but because of delays, the band was only able to rehearse twice before recording the album. Eventually, "Still Life" was released on October 18, 1999 (not in the United States until February 2001)). "Still Life" was the first album recorded with Mendez, and was also the first Opeth album to have the band's logo on the front cover. "Still Life" is a concept album, and Åkerfeldt explains that the album is about someone who "is kind of banished from his hometown because he hasn't got the same faith as the rest of the inhabitants there. The album pretty much starts off when he is returning after several years to hook up with his old 'babe'. The big bosses of the town know that he's back... A lot of bad things start happening."

After a few live shows in Europe, Opeth returned to work on their next album, with Porcupine Tree's Steven Wilson producing. "This time it was tough", Åkerfeldt said, "I feel pleasantly blown away by the immense result, though. It was indeed worth the effort." Wilson also pushed the band to use new sounds and production techniques. "Steve guided us into the realms of 'strange' noises for guitars and voice", Åkerfeldt said. Opeth released its fifth studio album, "Blackwater Park", on February 21, 2001. This release encouraged Opeth to go on their first world tour, headlined Europe and playing to a crowd of 60,000 at the 2001 Wacken Open Air festival in Germany.

After touring in support of "Blackwater Park", Opeth returned home and began writing for the next album, but Åkerfeldt had trouble coming up with new material: "I wanted to write something heavier than we'd ever done, still I had all these great mellow parts and arrangements which I didn't want to go to waste." Jonas Renkse of Katatonia, a long-time friend of Åkerfeldt, suggested writing music for two separate albums—one heavy and one soft. Excited about the idea, Åkerfeldt agreed without asking his bandmates or record label. While his bandmates liked the idea of recording two separate albums, Åkerfeldt had to convince the label: "I had to lie somewhat... saying that we could do this recording very soon, it won't cost more than a regular single album". With most of the material written, the band rehearsed just once before entering the studio, again with producer Steven Wilson in Studio Fredman. Under pressure to complete both albums at the same time, Åkerfeldt said the recording process was "the toughest test of our history." After recording basic tracks, the band moved production to England to mix the heavy album, "Deliverance", with Andy Sneap at Backstage Studios. ""Deliverance" was so badly recorded, without any organisation whatsoever," Åkerfeldt claimed, that Sneap "is credited as a 'saviour' in the sleeve, as he surely saved much of the recording."

"Deliverance" was released on November 4, 2002, and debuted at number 19 on the US Top Independent Albums chart, marking the band's first US chart appearance. Allmusic stated, ""Deliverance" is altogether more subtle than any of its predecessors, approaching listeners with haunting nuances and masterful dynamics rather than overwhelming them with sheer mass and complexity." Opeth played a single concert in Stockholm, then returned to the UK to finish recording vocals for the second of the two albums, "Damnation", at Steve Wilson's No Man's Land Studios. Although Åkerfeldt first believed the band could not finish both albums, Opeth completed "Deliverance" and "Damnation" in just seven weeks of studio time, which was the same amount spent on "Blackwater Park" alone. "Damnation" was released on April 14, 2003, and gained the band its first appearance on the US "Billboard" 200 at number 192. The album also won the band a 2003 Swedish Grammy Award for "Best Hard Rock Performance". The band launched its biggest tour yet, playing nearly 200 shows in 2003 and 2004. Opeth performed three special shows in Europe with two song lists each—one acoustic set and one heavy set. The band recorded its first DVD, "Lamentations: Live at Shepherd's Bush Empire 2003", at Shepherd's Bush Empire in London. The DVD featured a two-hour performance, including the entire "Damnation" album, as well as several songs from "Deliverance" and "Blackwater Park", and a one-hour documentary about the recording of "Deliverance" and "Damnation". The DVD was certified Gold in Canada.

Opeth was scheduled to perform in Jordan in late 2003 without a crew due to the fear of terrorist attacks in the Middle East. Opeth's tour manager distributed 6,000 tickets for the concert, but before the band left for Jordan, Lopez called Åkerfeldt saying he was having an anxiety attack and could not perform, forcing the band to cancel the show. In early 2004, Lopez was sent home from Canada after more anxiety attacks on tour. Opeth decided not to cancel the rest of the tour, and Lopez's drum tech filled in for two concerts. Opeth asked drummer Gene Hoglan of Strapping Young Lad to fill in. Lopez eventually returned to Opeth for the Seattle show on the final leg of the "Deliverance" and "Damnation" tour. Per Wiberg also joined the band on keyboards, and after more than a year on tour, Opeth went back home to start writing more new songs in 2004.

Opeth's European label, Music for Nations, closed its doors in 2005 and the band signed with Roadrunner Records. After writing material for their eighth album in late 2004, the band rehearsed for three weeks before entering the studio, the first time they rehearsed since the 1998 album, "My Arms, Your Hearse". Opeth recorded at Fascination Street Studios in Örebro, Sweden, from March 18 to June 1, 2005, and released the album "Ghost Reveries" on August 30, 2005, again to critical and commercial success. The album debuted at number 64 in the US, and number nine in Sweden, higher than any other Opeth release. Keith Bergman of Blabbermouth.net gave the album 10 out of 10, one of only 17 albums to achieve a perfect rating from the site.

On May 12, 2006, Martin Lopez announced that he had officially parted ways with Opeth due to health problems, and he was replaced by Martin Axenrot. Opeth toured on the main stage of Gigantour in 2006, alongside Megadeth. "Ghost Reveries" was re-released on October 31, 2006, with a bonus cover version of Deep Purple's "Soldier of Fortune" and a DVD of the making of the album. A recording of Opeth's live performance at the Camden Roundhouse, in London, on November 9, 2006, was later released as the double live album "The Roundhouse Tapes". On May 17, 2007, Peter Lindgren stated he was leaving Opeth after 16 years. "The decision has been the toughest I've ever made but it is the right one to make at this point in my life," Lindgren said. "I feel that I simply have lost some of the enthusiasm and inspiration needed to participate in a band that has grown from a few guys playing the music we love to a worldwide industry." Ex-Arch Enemy guitarist Fredrik Åkesson replaced Lindgren, as Åkerfeldt explained, "Fredrik was the only name that popped up thinking about a replacement for Peter. In my opinion he's one of the top three guitar players out of Sweden. We all get along great as we've known each other for maybe four years and he already has the experience to take on the circus-like lifestyle we lead as members of Opeth."

In November 2007, after nearly 200 performances in support of "Ghost Reveries", Opeth entered Fascination Street Studios with Åkerfeldt producing. By January 2008, Opeth had recorded 13 songs, including three cover songs. The finished album, "Watershed", was released on June 3, 2008, and has seven tracks with cover songs included as bonus tracks on some versions. The album has since debuted at number 23 on the US "Billboard" 200, making it their highest-charting album yet. It enjoyed success in many other countries as well, entering the Australian ARIA album charts at number seven, while debuting at number one on Finland's official album chart. Opeth planned extensive touring in support of "Watershed", but some shows in Europe had to be cancelled because of some music festival cancellations and Åkerfeldt coming down with chicken pox. On January 25, 2009, Opeth played their first show in India at IIT Madras's cultural festival Saarang. On March 06, 2009 the band played in the Middle East at the annual Dubai Desert Rock Festival in Dubai. On March 26, 2009 it was announced that Opeth would take part in the first European Progressive Nation tour with bands Dream Theater, Bigelf and Unexpect. On April 24, 2009, Opeth headlined the first day of Metal Hammer Magazine's first UK metal music festival HammerFest.

Mikael Åkerfeldt began writing for Opeth's tenth studio album sometime of September 2010 along with Fredrik Åkesson (who co-wrote one song). The band recorded the album titled "Heritage" between 31 January-21 February 2011 and released on 14 September 2011 in Japan, following other release dates in various parts of the world.

Although he was not the founder of the band, Mikael Åkerfeldt is the only member to appear on every release. He is Opeth's main songwriter and lyricist and has defined much of the band's sound. Åkerfeldt was influenced at a young age by heavy metal bands such as Slayer, Death, Black Sabbath, Celtic Frost, King Diamond and Morbid Angel. Åkerfeldt was later influenced by progressive rock and folk music, both of which had a strong impact on the sound of the band. Opeth's distinct sound combines elements of heavy metal with acoustic passages and elements of progressive metal and progressive rock. Åkerfeldt commented on the diversity of Opeth's music:

I don't see the point of playing in a band and going just one way when you can do everything. It would be impossible for us to play just death metal; that is our roots, but we are now a mishmash of everything, and not purists to any form of music. It's impossible for us to do that, and quite frankly I would think of it as boring to be in a band that plays just metal music. We're not afraid to experiment, or to be caught with our pants down, so to speak. That's what keeps us going.

Opeth's earlier works often made use of twin-guitar harmonies, but they were abandoned in the band's later work. "I got tired of it, the whole harmony guitar thing", Åkerfeldt said. "It got out of hand in the mid-90s. Every band was doing that thing." Most of the band's songs exceed 10 minutes in length, which Aaron Burgess of "Alternative Press" magazine criticized, stating, "you can't really be a casual Opeth fan. It takes enough as a listener just to get past the band's epic song lengths." Vocally, Åkerfeldt shifts between growling death metal vocals for heavy sections, and clean, sometimes whispered vocals over acoustic passages. While death growls were dominant on the early albums, later releases used more clean vocals, such the 2003 release "Damnation" which had only clean singing. The band's lyrics often reflect a bleak outlook on life, with subjects such as failed relationships, nature, death, and depression. Some of the band's albums also have a consistent theme or concept throughout, such as "Still Life" and "My Arms, Your Hearse". The songs were put together as one continual piece, with the last word or phrase of each song becoming the title of the next.









It Won't Be Soon Before Long

It Won't Be Soon Before Long is the second studio album by American pop rock group Maroon 5. It was released under A&M/Octone Records on May 22, 2007 in the United States. It debuted atop the Billboard 200 albums chart and on the Billboard Digital Albums chart. The lead single off the album "Makes Me Wonder" was released on March 27, 2007 and peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart. The album includes other singles such as "Wake Up Call", "Won't Go Home Without You", "If I Never See Your Face Again", and "Goodnight Goodnight."




An expanded version of "It Won't Be Soon Before Long" was issued on June 29, 2008 in Australia and July 8, 2008 for the rest of the world. The album has the 12 original tracks from the original version, plus a bonus DVD with four music videos and a full concert recorded on June 13, 2007 in Montreal.

A chorus from the song called "Nothing Lasts Forever" (the 7th track off "It Won't Be Soon Before Long") was featured in a song by Kanye West. The Kayne West song, featuring the lead singer Adam Levine, was called "Heard 'Em Say". It was released in 2005 on the album "Late Registration". The first track off the album, called "If I Never See Your Face Again", was released as a remix in May, 2008. This track had been worked on with help from Rihanna. The song turned out to be a music video and ranked #51 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.



Makes Me Wonder

"Makes Me Wonder" is the lead single off the album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long" by American rock band Maroon 5. The single hit #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart in April 2007. The single was released on March 27, 2007 for digital download and was released for radio mainstream on April 1, 2007. The song was produced by Matt Wallace and Mark Endert.

The video was shot at the Los Angeles International Airport. The video features the band on an airplane.

Wake Up Call (Maroon 5 song)

"Wake Up Call" is the second single off the second studio album by Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The song is also the 4th track on the album. The music video deals with the band committing crimes and Levine acting as a murderer because of the murder of his girlfriends ex-boyfriend.

A remix version of the song was released in 2007 by Mark Ronson. The remix song was originally released on iTunes Store on November 13th, 2007. The song later appeared in the hit remix album by Maroon 5 called "". 

EMI

EMI was a music company founded in London. It is in charge of a record label, EMI Music. EMI is one of the "big four" record labels; the labels not part of the "big four" are called . It started in 1931, when it was called "Electric and Music Industries". In 1957, it took over Capitol Records, an American record company.

In 1962, The Beatles signed a contract with EMI's Parlophone Records, and they became the company's most successful musicians. The Beatles made nearly all their recordings at Abbey Road Studios, EMI's main recording studios in London.

In 1992, EMI bought Virgin Records, which had been owned by Richard Branson. It almost bought Universal Records in 1998, also. In 2007, EMI was taken over by a group called Terra Firma, after it said no to a bid from Warner Music Group.

Other famous musicians that were with EMI include Prince, Pink Floyd, Spice Girls, and Coldplay.

In 2012, Universal Music Group bought EMI, but the European Commission told Universal to sell some of EMI's record labels. Parlophone, the oldest EMI label, was sold to Warner Music Group; while BMG bought Mute Records. EMI's music publishing business was sold to a group that included Sony/ATV Music Publishing.


Menstrual cycle

The menstrual cycle is a process that adult women go through. The menstrual cycle for a woman will repeat every 28 days while they are not pregnant. During this time, the women's ovaries create a mature ovum (egg). Then the woman's body prepares for pregnancy by thickening the walls of the uterus. If the woman does not become pregnant during this time, the egg and the lining of the uterus come out of the woman's body during menstruation.

The menstrual cycle process is controlled by four major hormones: follicle stimulating hormone; luteinising hormone; estrogen; and progesterone. These hormones prepare the uterus to receive a fertilized egg and control its development.

The menstrual cycle has three stages: the Follicular stage, Ovulation, and the Luteal (or premenstrual) stage. The cycle will stop if the woman gets pregnant (if a fertilized egg implants itself into the lining of the uterus).

This stage is the start of the menstrual cycle, and is counted as day one of the cycle. This stage starts when the amount of progesterone and estrogen in a woman's blood drop. This causes the endometrium - the thick lining of the uterus - to leave the woman's body through menstruation. It will appear as bleeding from the vagina. This stage lasts from 4–6 days.

At the start of this stage, the pituitary gland will begin to release more follicle stimulating hormone. This will continue for 3-4 days. This makes several follicles grow in one of the ovaries. Each follicle contains an immature egg. These follicles create estrogen.

Usually, the amount of follicle stimulating hormone in the body peaks during the third or fourth day of menstruation. All but one of the follicles dies off. The one that is left releases even more estrogen. Once again, the lining of the uterus thickens. Near the end of the stage, a woman's estrogen levels peak. This causes the pituitary gland to release luteinising hormone, which also peaks at this time.

Ovulation happens roughly every 14 days. This is when the mature egg is released into the fallopian tube ready for fertilisation.

Ovulation happens if there is both a rise in estrogen and a peak in luteinising hormone at the end of the follicular stage. The rising levels of luteinising hormone make the ovum mature. The follicle that contains the ovum swells and breaks open. (In the next stage, the leftover cells of the follicle turn into an important structure called the corpus luteum.) The egg is released into the Fallopian tube. 

During ovulation, a woman's body temperature is usually about 0.5 degrees Celsius over normal.

The follicle cells that used to hold the ovum now release progesterone into the body. This causes the endometrium to get even thicker.

If an ovum is fertilized, it happens during this step. A woman becomes pregnant when a man's sperm fertilizes one of her ova, which then plants itself into the lining of the uterus.

If the ovum is fertilized during ovulation, it will become a zygote. It will start to copy itself over and over again through mitosis. It will also move from the ovarian duct into the uterus. The levels of estrogen and progesterone in the body remain high. The zygote grows into an embryo and implants itself into the endometrium tissue of the uterus. This forms a placenta, which starts to mature.

After fertilization, the menstrual cycle stops so the embryo can continue to mature for the next 9 months. Progesterone and estrogen levels will stay high until the fetus is ready to be birthed.

Eventually, after giving birth, a woman's menstrual cycle will return to the way it was before she got pregnant.

Until around day 22, estrogen levels increase a little. However, after day 22, the corpus luteum stops making progesterone, and the levels of both progesterone and estrogen in the body start to drop. The amount of progesterone and estrogen in the body are at their lowest around the 28th day of the menstrual cycle. Then the cycle begins again.

Won't Go Home Without You

"Won't Go Home Without You" is the third single off the album by pop-rock band Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The song is also the 5th track on the album. The music video for the song has to do with Adam Levine (lead singer) trying to get one more chance for his ex-girlfriend to come back to him, but she was already taken by another man.

"Won't Go Home Without You" peaked #1 in Israel, #16 in Canada's Hot 100, and #3 on the U.S. "Billboard" Adult Top 40.

Richard Branson

Sir Richard Charles Nicholas Branson (born 18 July 1950) is an English businessman. 

He is the chairman of the Virgin Group, a group of companies including Virgin Atlantic Airways and Virgin Records. Branson started Virgin people, a private company that is trying to get people in space. According to Forbes, Branson was the 245th richest person in the world in 2008.

Branson is adventurous and has sporting achievements, he flew around the world in a hot air balloon where he nearly got killed.

On 11 July 2021, Branson flew to space, reaching a peak altitude of as part of a test flight for his company, Virgin Galactic. The mission lasted approximately one hour.

Richard Branson did not attend college. Branson started his career 
by setting up a mail order record business. He opened a chain of record stores called Virgin Records later known as Virgin Megastores in the year 1972.

His mother was activist Eve Branson. Branson has been diagnosed with Dyslexia and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. He lives on an island called Necker, he owns this island in the Caribbean.

He was born in Blackheath, London, England.

SUNY Downstate Medical Center

The State University of New York Health Science Center at Brooklyn (also called SUNY Downstate Medical Center), is a medical center in the Borough of Brooklyn in New York City. It teaches medical students and has a teaching hospital.


If I Never See Your Face Again

"If I Never See Your Face Again" is the fourth single by Maroon 5. The song is the first track on the album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The song was remixed to feature Rihanna. The music video takes place in what looks like a 19th century room while Rihanna and Levine seem to be arguing over a romantic relationship.

"If I Never See Your Face Again" was performed at Quebec to be the opening song of the live album by Maroon 5 called "Live from Le Cabaret". The song was not performed in its single version (with Rihanna).

Po

Po may mean:

PO is also an acronym or abbreviation which may stand for:

Goodnight Goodnight

Goodnight Goodnight is the fifth single by pop-rock band Maroon 5 on the album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The song was released August 2008. The song is also the 8th track off the album. 

The music video was releasd August 21st, 2008. The video deals with a "before and after" sequence of a relationship between Levine and his girlfriend, Bailey. In the "before" part she was beautiful and in the "after" one they set apart, but he is still in love with her.


Gavin DeGraw

Gavin DeGraw (born February 4, 1977) is an American rock singer-songwriter. He has released major singles like "I Don't Want to Be", "Chariot", and "In Love with a Girl". He has released 2 studio albums, and 1 live indie release album. 

Singles
Albums


I Don't Want to Be

"I Don't Want to Be" is the debut single by Gavin DeGraw on his first album "Chariot". The single was released in 2004. The song is in the Alternative rock genre. 

U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 gave the single "I Don't Wanna Be" a ranking of #10, U.K. Singles Chart gave the single a ranking of #32, and Dutch Singles Chart ranked it at #9.


Chariot (album)

Chariot is an album by rock singer Gavin DeGraw. The album features singles "I Don't Want to Be", "Chariot", and "Follow Through". The album was released in 2004. "Chariot" also was re-released in 2005 as a live acoustic album. 


Chariot

"This article is about the mode of transport, for the album see Chariot (album)"

A chariot is a type of transport used by many ancient civilisations and people. A chariot is horse-drawn, meaning that is pulled along by horses. A person who rides a chariot is called a charioteer. 

Ancient Greek myths says that Poseidon, god of the sea, and Athena, goddess of wisdom, created the chariot together. Poseidon created the horses like waves, and Athena made the chariot. The two gods worked together.

Market share

Market share, in business and marketing, is the share of the targeted consumer base ('market') that a business actually reaches, for a particular service or product.

It can be shown as the amount of money a company brings in from its consumers, divided by the total amount of money paid from all consumers for that service or product. It can also be shown as the amount of products/services sold ('unit sales volume') by a company divided by the total volume sold to all the consumers in that market.

It is necessary to use market research (generally desk/secondary research, although sometimes primary research) to estimate the total market size and a company's market share.

Increasing market share is one of the most important objectives in business. The main advantage of using market share is that it removes the effects of industry-wide macroenvironmental variables such as the state of the economy, or changes in tax policy. For example, if you were one of only two psychiatrists in Chicago, then it would not matter how bad the economy was because you would always have a huge slice of the consumer-base "pie" for your service. If your service was less needed, then advertising more would help increase your market share. 

The market shares for different companies tends to change over time, causing change in the market share values.



OpenOffice Impress

OpenOffice Impress, a part of the OpenOffice office suite package and created by Sun Microsystems, is a presentation program similar to Microsoft PowerPoint. In addition to being able to create PDF files from presentations, it is also able to export presentations to SWF files, allowing it to be played on any computer with a Flash player installed. It is able to view, edit and save files in many file formats, including the .ppt format, which is used by Microsoft PowerPoint. Impress is distributed (spread) under an open source licence so people can download it as free software. It released under the terms of the Apache License.
OpenOffice Impress users can install the Open Clip Art Library, which adds a large amount of images for general presentation and drawing projects. Linux distributions Debian, Gentoo, Mandriva and Ubuntu have given the ready-to-use "openclipart" package for download and install from their online software repositories.





Oval Office

The Oval Office is the official office of the president of the United States currently that is Joe Biden. The office is located in the West Wing of the White House and it was first used by President Taft. It was built in 1909.

Scars on Broadway

Scars on Broadway is an American metal band featuring three old members from System of a Down.

Church of Satan

The Church of Satan is a religious group that encourages people to accept their human nature and build their ego, as it is told in "The Satanic Bible", written in 1969 by Anton LaVey. They do not worship or believe in Satan and they do not believe in God. "Satan" is just a symbol of freedom and the ego.

The Church of Satan started in San Francisco, California, on Walpurgis night April 30, 1966, by Anton Szandor LaVey, who was the Church's High Priest until he died in 1997.

In the 1950s Anton LaVey made a group called the Order of the Trapezoid, some of whose members later became the leaders of the Church of Satan. Some of the people at the events were: “The Baroness” Carin de Plessen (who grew up in a Royal Palace in Denmark), Dr. Cecil Nixon (magician, Odd person, and maker of robot), underground filmmaker Kenneth Anger, City Assessor (someone who figures out values of city property) Russell Wolden, anthropologist (a person who studies culture and human development) Michael Harner, and writer Shana Alexander. Other friends of LaVey at this point were famous Science Fiction and Horror writers Anthony Boucher, August Derleth, Robert Barbour Johnson, Reginald Bretnor, Emil Petaja, Stuart Palmer, Clark Ashton Smith, Forrest J. Ackerman, and Fritz Leiber Jr.

In its first year, the Church of Satan was in the news a lot because they performed a Satanic marriage of Judith Case and journalist John Raymond. The ceremony was photographed by Joe Rosenthal, who took the famous photograph "Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima" during World War II. Another event was the public funeral of Church of Satan member and Naval Officer Edward Olson, as his wife had asked.

The Church of Satan was in many books, magazine and newspaper articles in the 1960s and 1970s. A whole documentary, "Satanis" was also made about it in 1970. LaVey was also in Kenneth Anger’s film "Invocation of my Demon Brother", and helped as a technical adviser in "The Devil's Rain", which starred Ernest Borgnine, William Shatner, and first showed John Travolta. The Church of Satan was also shown in Luigi Scattini’s film "Angeli Bianchi, Angeli Neri", which in the United States was known as "Witchcraft ‘70".
In 1975 LaVey argued within the Church of Satan by stopping the Church's “Grotto” system (having Satanic rituals in caves) and removing people he thought were using the Church instead of doing things in the outside world. After that, LaVey hoped success in society would decide who did well in the Church of Satan. LaVey chose to do less interviews. People thought the Church might have ended, or even that LaVey might have died.

In the 1980s some Christians, therapists who believed in recovered memories, and the news were saying Satanists were a criminal group. Members of the Church of Satan, such as Peter H. Gilmore, Peggy Nadramia, Boyd Rice, Adam Parfrey, Diabolos Rex, and musician King Diamond, were active in the news to deny the Church of Satan were criminals. These stories became known as the Satanic panic. The FBI later made a report saying these conspiracy theories were untrue.

In the 1980s and 1990s the Church of Satan made many movies, music, films, and magazines about Satanism. Adam Parfrey’s Feral House publishing, the music of Boyd Rice, and the films of Nick Bougas, including his documentary "Speak of the Devil: The Canon of Anton LaVey". They were also frequently in the newspapers.
After Anton Szandor LaVey's death, his partner Blanche Barton became head of the Church of Satan. Barton is still in the Church; however, in 2001 she gave her position to long-time members Peter H. Gilmore and Peggy Nadramia, the current High Priest and High Priestess and publishers of "The Black Flame", the magazine of The Church of Satan. The Central Office of the Church of Satan has also moved from San Francisco to New York City's Hell's Kitchen neighborhood, where the couple live. The Church of Satan does not recognize any other organizations as being Satanist though it does recognize that one does not need to be a member of the Church of Satan to be a Satanist.

Some public figures have been involved with the Church of Satan, including Kenneth Anger, King Diamond, Teresa Hidy, David Vincent, Marilyn Manson, Aaron Joehlin, Boyd Rice, Marc Almond, Alkaline Trio guitarist and singer Matt Skiba and drummer Derek Grant, professional wrestler Balls Mahoney, professional wrestler Sterling James Keenan, journalist Michael Moynihan, death metal guitarist Matthew McRaith, Sammy Davis Jr. and the artist Coop. As the Church of Satan does not let people see the membership records, it is not known how many members they have.

In October 2004 the Royal Navy officially recognised its first registered Satanist, twenty-four year old Chris Cranmer, as a technician on the HMS Cumberland.

On June 6, 2006 The Church of Satan held the first public ritual Satanic Mass in 40 years at the Steve Allen Theater in the Center for Inquiry in Los Angeles. The ritual, based on The Satanic Bible and The Satanic Rituals, was led by Reverend Bryan Moore and Priestess Heather Saenz.

In December 2007 the Associated Press reported that a teenager had sent an e-mail to the Church of Satan administration saying he wanted to "kill in the name of our unholy lord Satan." The Church told the Federal Bureau of Investigation about the message, which then told local police who arrested the teenager. 

The Church of Satan has two types of members: Registered Members and Active Members. Registered Members just have to pay $200 to the Church, and are given a red card to show they are a member. An Active Member has to be involved with the Church and local members. Active Membership is divided into five Degrees:

Active Members begin at the First Degree. They must be approved for an Active Membership, and this is based on their answers to a long list of questions. Members cannot apply for higher Degrees, and the requirements for each degree are not open to the public. Promotion to a higher degree is only by being invited. Members of the Third through Fifth degrees are the Priesthood and may be called "Reverend." Members of the Fifth degree are sometimes called "Doctor," although ""The" Doctor" usually means Lavey. Some Active Members are called Agents, qualified to explain the Church of Satan and the philosophy of Satanism to the media and others who are interested.

People seeking membership must be old enough to be seen as adults in the country where they live. The only exception made is for children of members who show they understand the Church philosophy and practices who wish to join. What they can do is limited until they reach adulthood.

Memberships may be ended through a decision of the ruling body of the Church of Satan consisting of the High Priest, the High Priestess and the Council of Nine.

Over the years, the Church of Satan has stopped then restarted the use of Grottoes -small groups for people who live near each other to work on projects or do ritual together, or be friends. Now that most people have the internet, the Church of Satan has decided people do not need to join Grottoes to meet other Satanists. If a group of Church of Satan members now wish to form a “magic circle” for something more than simple friendship and ritual, and can keep it active for a year and a day, the leader of the group can apply to have it called a Grotto and the leader called a Grotto Master. A grotto is expected to be secret, and only those they think are worthy are supposed to know about it. If a Grotto stops being useful it will be closed, as the Church of Satan has always done. Grotto Masters and Grottos do not represent the Church of Satan unless they have other authority to do so.

Members of the Priesthood have the titles “Priest”/“Priestess,” “Magister”/“Magistra,” or “Magus”/“Maga.” The Council of Nine, which is the ruling body of the Church of Satan, and the Order of the Trapezoid who help in the administration of the Church of Satan are part of the priesthood. The High Priest and Priestess act as administrative chiefs and the two main public representatives. The current High Priest is Peter H. Gilmore, the current High Priestess Peggy Nadramia.

The Church of Satan say they judge whether Active Members can join the Priesthood by their accomplishment in society and recognition within a profession rather than knowledge of the occult. They are expected to be able to speak about the Satanic philosophy, but do not have to represent the Church of Satan publicly, and might choose to keep their membership secret so they can do what they want in the world, meet their own goals and those of the Church. Membership in the Priesthood is by invitation only.


Zeena Lavey, Anton LaVey's daughter, was not a High Priestess of the Church and has left it.

Satanists within the Church of Satan follow these rules on how to live. But Satanists do not view the Satanic sins, statements, and rules of the earth as things that someone has to "try" to do. They think it's human nature, rather than a Jew or Christian who the Church of Satan think have to try hard to fit in with the rules of their religion.

The Nine Satanic Statements outline what "Satan" represents in the Church of Satan.



Pentagonal Revisionism is a plan consisting of five major goals written in 1988 by founder Anton Szandor LaVey:

These goals have another purpose, as said by the author, to let non-Satanists see how much they agree with Satanic views. Pentagonal Revisionism is the application of Satanist beliefs to society and economics with five goals to encourage members. Other books, such as "The Satanic Bible", say more about Satanic dogma.






Kung Fu Panda (movie)

Kung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy movie made by DreamWorks. It was directed by John Stevenson and Mark Osborne. It tells the story of Po, a giant panda (Jack Black), a kung fu fan who becomes a kung fu master. It received critical acclaim and became a box office success. A successful sequel, "Kung Fu Panda 2" was released in 2011. Another sequel, "Kung Fu Panda 3" was released in 2016. There is also two short , a Christmas special, and a .

A big, fat panda named Po the panda dreams of becoming a kung fu master, but he doesn't know kung fu. One day, kung fu teacher Master Shifu holds a contest to see who will become the Dragon Warrior, the most powerful kung fu master in the land. Everyone thinks one of Shifu's students, the Furious Five will become the Dragon Warrior, but Po is chosen instead and begins learning kung fu. Shifu and the Furious Five don't like Po the panda and try to make him quit, but he becomes friends with them. When Master Shifu learns that the evil Tai Lung the snow leopard is coming to the land, he quickly teaches Po kung fu so he can be given the Dragon Scroll that will help him beat Tai Lung. Nothing is written on the scroll, but Po finds out that he doesn't need the scroll to be the Dragon Warrior and beats Tai Lung without it. Po becomes a kung fu master and Dragon Warrior loved by everyone and peace returns to the land.



Forrest Gump (novel)

Forrest Gump is a 1986 novel by Winston Groom. The novel tells the story of Forrest Gump, a man with an IQ of 75, and his epic journey through life, meeting historical figures, influencing popular culture and experiencing first-hand historic events while largely unaware of their significance, due to his lower than average intelligence. The movie adaptation differs substantially from the book on which it was based.

"Forrest Gump" was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks. The movie, however, covers a slightly different version of the later chapters, which deal with Gump's shrimp business and his meeting of his son Forrest, Jr. Also, Gump marries Jenny in the movie. Gump and Forrest Jr. do not have the loving relationship that the end of the movie features - in the movie, they actively tell each other that they love one another in their last conversation.

In addition, the movie invented one of its most famous scenes, in which Forrest chooses to run across America repeatedly over a three year period, before his meeting of Forrest, Jr.

Appendicitis

Appendicitis is the inflammation of a person's appendix. The appendix is a pouch at the start of the large intestine. Symptoms usually include a sharp pain in the lower right abdomen. Also, nausea, vomiting, and decreased appetite are common. However, about 40% of people do not have these typical symptoms. If the appendix ruptures (splits) the result is painful peritonitis, and sepsis. Therefore immediate treatment in hospital is needed for appendicitis. Usually the infected appendix is taken out.

The function of the appendix in apes is the digestion of vegetable matter such as leaves. Humans do not digest leaves, but we inherited some of the apes' vegetarian apparatus. Our appendix is much smaller than that of present-day apes, and for some reason our immune system does not serve it well. An infection there is not eliminated as it might be elsewhere in the body.

The causes of appendicitis include blocking in the appendix, or bacterial infections. If it is not treated, it may lead to peritonitis and shock. Most serious appendicitis happens to younger children and elder adults. Appendicitis is common between the ages of ten and fourteen for males, and fifteen and nineteen for females. The most usual treatment is an appendectomy which means removing the appendix. Sometimes, it gets better without surgery. Some people think that eating vegetables will help, but no chances should be taken. "Seek medical advice" if in doubt.

Reginald Fitz first described acute appendicitis in 1886. It is one of the leading causes worldwide of "pain in the abdomen", a term used in medicine and surgery to cover a wide range of causes.

Chandpur District

Chandpur (চাঁদপুর)is a district in east-central Bangladesh. It is at the mouth of the Meghna River. It is a part of the Chittagong Division. The town of Chandpur is at the end of a Bangladesh Railways line.

Chandpur district has a total area of 1704.06 square kilometres. It is bordered by Munshiganj District and Comilla District on the north, Noakhali District, Lakshmipur District and Barisal District on the south, Comilla District on the east, and Meghna River, Shariatpur District and Munshiganj District on the west.

Chandpur is where two of the biggest rivers of Bangladesh meet, the Padma River and the Meghna River.

Chandpur has 6 municipalities, 60 wards, 195 mahallas, 8 upazilas, 1 thana, 87 union parishads and 1226 villages. The municipalities are Chandpur Sadar, Shahrasti, Matlab, Changer Char and Hajiganj. The administrative subdivisions called upazilas are: 


In 1991 the religions of the people of this district were recorded as being: 
Muslim - 92.55%, Hindu - 7.18%, Buddhist - 0.06%, Christian - 0.07% and Others - 0.14%.



Chittagong District

Chittagong District () is a district in the south-eastern region of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Chittagong Division. The port city of Chittagong, the second largest city in Bangladesh, is in this district.

Because of its harbour, Chittagong had been an important place for trade, bringing Arab traders as early as the 9th century CE. The region fell under the rule of kings from Arakan in the 16th and 17th centuries, but later, the Mughal army under Islam Khan conquered Chittagong. During the 17th century, the region also faced a lot of attacks by Portuguese pirates. The Mughals established Chittagong as a district in 1666. The Chittagong Hill Tracts were separated from Chittagong in 1860. Cox's Bazar was separated into a district in 1984.

According to the 1991 census, the religion of the people are:
Religious composition (1991): Muslim - 83.92%, Hindu - 13.76%; Buddhist - 2.01%, Christian - 0.11% and Others - 0.2%.


Banglapedia

Banglapedia, or the "National Encyclopedia of Bangladesh", is the first Bangladeshi encyclopedia. It is available in print, CD-ROM format and online, in both Bangla and English. The print version comprises has 500-page volumes. The first edition was published in January 2003 by the Asiatic Society of Bangladesh, with a plan to update it every two years. 

"Banglapedia" is not a general encyclopaedia but one that covers Bangladesh-related topics. Although Bangladesh is a new country, there is a lot of history going back many, Banglapedia uses the word Bangladesh to include the territory of ancient Eastern India, Suba Bangla, Shahi Bangalah, Mughal Suba Bangla, Bengal Presidency, Bengal Province, East Bengal, East Pakistan, and the independent Bangladesh.

Bengal Presidency

The Bengal Presidency was a colonial region of British India; it was made up of undivided Bengal. This area of Bengal is today split into Bangladesh as well as following states of India:


However the Bengal Presidency also later included other areas that are now part of Pakistan and India. The areas of India that used to be part of the presidency include, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Haryana, and Himachal Pradesh as well as parts of Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, and Maharashtra. It also included the North-West Frontier and British Punjab provinces of Pakistan as well as Burma. Penang and Singapore were also considered to be part of the Presidency until they became part of the Crown Colony of the Straits Settlements in 1867.

Veterinarian

A veterinarian or a vet, is someone who gives animals Veterinary medicine or medical treatment. They are doctors for animals. There are many different types of veterinarians; some work with small animals, large farm animals, or wild animals. Veterinarians learn to treat all animals, but sometimes work with a specific type. Other veterinarians specialise in a particular type of medicine - for example, veterinary dermatologists work with animals with skin problems. Finally, some veterinarians do research on animal or human diseases.

To become a vet in North America, you must go to college for at least 2 or 3 years, and take several required classes, including many science classes. You then apply to veterinary school. If you are accepted, you are in veterinary school for 4 years, and then graduate with the degree Doctor of Veterinary Medicine. In the United States and Canada, you have to pass a test (called the NAVLE or North American Veterinary Licensing Exam) before you can practice as a veterinarian. In other countries such as Australia, veterinary schools are 5 years long and take students that have finished high school. In Iraq, veterinary schools are 5 years long and take students that have finished high schools.

James Abbott

General Sir James Abbott (12 March 1807 – 6 October 1896) was a British army officer in colonial India. He became famous in the northwest frontier region of India in the middle part of the 19th century (today this is the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan). He was one of Henry Lawrence's 'advisers' to the Sikhs, after the First Anglo-Sikh War (1846), and then became the first deputy commissioner of Hazara (1849 - 1853). 

As part of the Treaty of Lahore signed after the defeat of the Sikhs in the First Anglo-Sikh War, Hazara and Kashmir were going to be transferred to Gulab Singh, Hazara however stayed under the Lahore government and governed by James Abbott. The Pakistani city of Abbottabad was founded by him in January 1853 and is named after him. 

James Abbott was the brother of Augustus Abbott and Frederick Abbott, who also served as officers in the forces of the East India Company. His picture was created by the artist B. Baldwin, this picture is located in the National Portrait Gallery in London, though it is not currently on display.


North Ossetia–Alania

The Republic of North Ossetia-Alania () is a small republic in the north of the Caucasus which is part of Russia.

In the Middle Ages it was called “”. Since 1804 it has been under Russian control. When the Soviet Union was breaking up in the early 1990s there was a lot of nationalistic feeling in the area. Some Ossetian people wanted to call the country Alania again. In November 1994 the name of Alania was added to the republican title (Republic of North Ossetia-Alania).

A lot of people have come to North Ossetia as refugees because of the wars in neighbouring countries of Chechnya and South Ossetia.


Bernard Fanning

Bernard Fanning (born 15 August 1969) is the singer, guitarist and writes songs for the Australian rock band Powderfinger.

Born in Brisbane, Fanning joined the band Powderfinger after finishing high school in 1989. He was asked to join by singer and guitar player Ian Haug. He had met Haug while studying journalism at the University of Queensland. He also appeared in the movie Ned Kelly which starred Heath Ledger. Fanning has a small role as a musician in the hotel. He also wrote several songs for the movie, including the title song, "Shelter for My Soul."

Powderfinger have released six albums. Fanning has made a solo album, "Tea and Sympathy" in 2005. His music has been described as a mixture of blues and acoustic folk. As well as singing, Fanning plays guitar, piano, keyboards and harmonica.

This album was recorded in 2005 while Powderfinger were having a break. Ten of the songs were recorded at Peter Gabriel's Real World studios at Bath, Somerset. The other four tracks where recorded in Brisbane. All the songs were written by Bernard Fanning. Other musicians on the album are John Bedggood, John Marotta, Keith Duffy, Duane Billing, Matt Englebrecht, Chris Bosely, Tchad Blake, Ben Quinn and Stu Miller.



SWAT team

A SWAT team is a group of highly trained police officers who deal with very dangerous criminals. SWAT is an acronym that means Special Weapons And Tactics. SWAT officers carry weapons of higher caliber than most police officers do, such as machine guns, shotguns, and sniper rifles. Usually, police departments use SWAT teams to catch people who sell illegal drugs or try to hold people hostage. They also respond to serious crimes like bank robberies when normal police officers cannot control the criminals.

The SWAT teams are usually called to deal with hostage situations. They plan the entry into the building where the hostages are being held. They look closely at all building entrances to choose the best option. They make use of equipment such as rappelling ropes, night vision goggles, a tactical shield, flashbang and smoke grenades, snake cameras and small cameras that fit under doors and into very small holes, among others.

SWAT officers act as paramilitary units that tackle situations beyond the capability of conventional police forces. SWAT teams are called in when an incident presents significant risk to law enforcement officers or the public, as in:

While all SWAT officers are expert marksmen with in-depth training in close combat, most play a specialized role within the team. Some serve as negotiators or medics while others are experts in handling assault vehicles or weapons. Each team includes several tactical officers who coordinate and carry out assaults on barricaded positions and catch and arrest armed suspects.

When not responding to crises, SWAT officers perform more routine duties. Many spend a majority of their time in conventional policing activities such as patrol and traffic enforcement. In some areas, they use their specialized tactical knowledge to conduct crime suppression exercises that ferret out dangerous offenders. 

Commando

A commando is a soldier who has been highly trained in combat.

A commando is a special forces soldier who is "trained and equipped to conduct" special operations, according to Australian authorities.

In many miliaries, they are used to rescue hostages and board enemy ships. In the United Kingdom, to become a commando, candidates must pass either Royal Marine Commando training or the All Arms Commando Course.

The military of the United States and some other countries, do not have (military) units with commandos. The United States does have special forces soldiers (and they are sometimes called special forces operators). United States Army Special Forces is one of the special forces of the U.S. military.


White Nights Festival

The White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg, Russia is an international cultural festival which is held every year. There are classical ballet, opera and music events. Many famous Russian dancers, singers, musicians and actors, take part, as well as famous international guest stars. The Scarlet Sails celebration is the big climax of the White Nights season, the largest public event anywhere in Russia. About a million people visit the festival.

The middle of summer in St Petersburg is known as the "White Nights" because, as it is so far north, the sky does not get completely dark during the short night.

The festival begins in May with the "Stars of the White Nights" at Mariinsky Theatre and ends in July. However, there are some performances that take place before and after the official dates.

The "Stars of the White Nights" is a series of classical ballet, opera and orchestral performances at the Mariinsky Theatre and the Mariinsky Concert Hall. The artistic director of the festival is Valery Gergiev.

The "Stars of the White Nights" festival was originally started by the first mayor of St. Petersburg, Anatoly Sobchak, and has been held every year since 1993. Some of the stars who performed here include Plácido Domingo, Olga Borodina, Alfred Brendel, Anna Netrebko, Carlo Maria Giulini, Yuri Temirkanov, Gidon Kremer, Esa-Pekka Salonen, Alexander Toradze, Deborah Voigt, James Conlon and many other classical performers.

A series of carnivals take place during the White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg. In one of the carnivals the actors dress in period costumes from the times of Peter the Great and Catherine the Great. Old carriages are ridden around the Peterhof park.

Every summer in St. Petersburg the Palace Square becomes a stage for international stars of popular music. This wide square has been used for official military parades and massive demonstrations, as well as for political events and large-scale shows and other entertainment. Recent performers have been Paul McCartney, the Rolling Stones, Scorpions and other stars.


Infantry

Infantry is the branch of a country's army that fights on foot. A member of the infantry is called an infantryman. Infantrymen are also called foot soldiers or footmen. Infantry is different than cavalry because infantry members fight on their own two feet, without vehicles or animals to ride on. Historically, infantrymen were trained to use spears, swords and shields. Modern infantrymen are trained to use many different kinds of weapons, including rifles, grenades, rocket launchers, pistols, sniper rifles, and machine guns. It is one of the most dangerous jobs in any country's military. Since the end of World War II, 81% of Americans killed in battle were infantrymen. This is despite the fact that the infantry made up only about 4% of the US military. The infantry is the backbone of the military and the most important branch of the army.

Bryan Clay

Bryan Ezra Tsumoru Clay (born January 3, 1980) is an American decathlete – the 2008 Olympic gold medalist and 2004 Olympic silver medalist.

Clay was born in Austin, Texas. He was raised in Hawaii.

Monarch Airlines

Monarch Airlines was a budget airline which is based in the United Kingdom. It was created on 5 June 1967. Its first flight was on 5 April 1968 from Luton in England to Madrid in Spain. Monarch flew to many different places around the world, and usually to holiday resorts. The airline stopped flying on 2 October 2017.

Monarch's fleet consisted of 35 aircraft: 9 Airbus A320 aircraft, 25 Airbus A321 aircraft and 1 Boeing 737-800 aircraft.

Monarch had ordered 45 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft which were due to be delivered in 2018.

Monarch Airlines has had 2 accidents. Nobody was killed. On 22 May 2002, one of Monarch's Boeing 757s suffered broken landing gear at Gibraltar Airport because the pilot pushed the front wheels down too hard on landing.

On 17 March 2006, the flightdeck crew of a Boeing 757-200 lost visual contact with the runway while attempting to land at Gibraltar Airport. During the subsequent go-around, the crew nearly crashed into the Rock of Gibraltar. The aircraft diverted to Malaga to prevent a similar problem.

Budget airline

A budget airline or low-cost carrier is an airline which tries to keep its prices and fares lower than competitors. It usually does this by not offering services like free food and drink on a flight and keeping fines from airports low by keeping on time. They also usually only use one type of aircraft. Budget airlines were made famous by Southwest Airlines in the USA which only use Boeing 737 aircraft.

Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa

Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa (also called Madagascar 2: Escape to Africa or simply known as Madagascar 2) is a 2008 computer-animated adventure comedy movie and the sequel to the "first movie" about the same characters. It is directed by Eric Darnell and written by Thomas "Tom" McGrath. It stars the voices of Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, Jada Pinkett Smith, David Schwimmer, Sacha Baron Cohen, Cedric the Entertainer and Andy Richter. Also providing voices are Alec Baldwin, will.i.am, Bernie Mac and Sherri Shepherd. It was made by DreamWorks Animation and was released in 2008.

In the movie, the New York Zoo animals, Alex the Lion, Marty the Zebra, Melman the Giraffe and Gloria the Hippo, still stranded on Madagascar, started to leave the island. All of the sudden, they landed in the wilderness of Africa. There, Alex soon meet the rest of his family and starting to have trouble communicating with them after much of his time at the Central Park Zoo. It was followed by "".


Same as previously movie, has also adaptaion into video games. Release in platforms PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Nintendo Wii, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS, and also Microsoft Windows.


Wake Up Call

Wake Up Call could mean:

Convention People's Party

The Convention People's Party (CPP) is a political party in Ghana. It was started by Kwame Nkrumah in 1949. It was formed as a split from the United Gold Coast Convention, which, before the forming of the CPP, Nkrumah became general secretary of in 1947. Nkrumah split from the UGCC because Nkrumah did not agree with the UGCC's beliefs and ways. The party continues to exist today.


Violet Baudelaire

Violet Baudelaire is a fictional character in the popular children's book series "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket. Violet is the oldest of the Baudelaire orphans. Her younger siblings are her brother Klaus and her sister Sunny. She is an inventor. She puts her hair up when she is inventing. Violet is 14 in the beginning of the series and turns 15 in The Grimm grotto.Violet has long, dark brown hair, and though her eye colour is never revealed in the books, it is suggested that her eyes are a different colour from Klaus's. In the 2004 movie she is played by Emily Browning. In the TV series made in 2017-2018 she is played by Malina Weismann.

Flat Earth

The flat earth is a scientifically false hypothesis that the surface of the Earth is not roughly a sphere, but rather flat (a plane). Belief in a flat Earth is found in writings predating around 500 BC. Early Mesopotamian maps showed the world as a flat disk floating in the ocean.

This was a common belief until the Classical Greeks began to discuss the Earth's shape about the 4th century BC. One of the "giveaways" is that ships' masts disappear as they move away from shore. 

Eratosthenes (276 –194 ) calculated the circumference of the Earth quite well. From then on, few educated people ever believed in its being flat, though the idea of a flat earth was still common among the less educated. Aristotle knew the Earth was round, that is to say, roughly spherical. (330 BC).

The large-scale shape of the Earth only matters when considering large distances, as it is hard to see the Earth's curve from the ground. Therefore in the Ancient world only sailors, astronomers, philosophers, and theologians would have cared about the Earth's large-scale shape.

The following authors argued for a spherical or ball-shaped earth: King Alfred of the Anglo-Saxons, Hildegard von Bingen, Thomas Aquinas, Snorri Sturluson, Marco Polo, Dante Alighieri, Christopher Columbus

Portuguese people explored Africa and Asia, Columbus sailed to the Americas (1492) and Ferdinand Magellan circumnavigated (sailed all round) the earth (1519-21). This proved finally, and in a practical way, that the Earth is a globe.

During the 19th century, the Romantic ideas about a European "Dark Age" made the Flat Earth model look more important than it ever had been in history.

In 1849, the Flat Earth movement was revived by Samuel Rowbotham, who wrote the book Zetetic Astronomy, which says that the results of his Bedford level experiment proved that the earth was flat.
The widely circulated woodcut is of a man poking his head through the firmament of a flat Earth to see the machines working the spheres. It was made in 16th century style but cannot be traced to an earlier time than Camille Flammarion's "L'Atmosphère: Météorologie Populaire" (Paris, 1888, p. 163). The woodcut illustrates the statement in the text that a missionary in the middle Ages claimed that "he reached the horizon where the Earth and the heavens met". That story may be traced back to Voltaire, but not to any known source in the Middle ages. The original woodcut had a decorative border that places it in the 19th century; in later publications, some claimed that the woodcut dated from the 16th century and the border was removed. According to an unproved story Flammarion ordered the woodcut himself; certainly no source of the image earlier than Flammarion's book is known.

An early mention in literature was Ludvig Holberg's comedy "Erasmus Montanus" (1723). A great many people disagree with Erasmus Montanus when he claims the Earth is round, since all the peasants believe it is flat. He is not allowed to marry his fiancée until he cries "The earth is flat as a pancake". In Rudyard Kipling's "The Village that Voted the Earth was Flat", the main characters spread the rumor that a Parish Council meeting had voted in favor of a flat Earth.

The myth of the flat Earth, or the flat earth error, is a modern wrong idea. It says that European scholars and educated people during the Middle Ages believed the Earth to be flat. They did not.

Fantasy fiction often imagines a flat Earth. In C. S. Lewis' "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader" the fictional world of Narnia is "round like a table" (i.e., flat), not "round like a ball", and the characters sail toward the edge of this world. Terry Pratchett's Strata and Discworld novels (1983 onwards) are set on a flat, disc-shaped world resting on the backs of four huge elephants which are in turn standing on the back of an enormous turtle.


John Gilbert (bushranger)

John Gilbert (1842 – 1865) was a famous Australian bushranger.

He was born in Hamilton, Canada. He came to Australia in 1852 when he was 10 years old. His family came to dig gold in Victoria, Australia. When he was 12 years old he got a job working with horses

When he was about 20 years old, Gilbert was living in New South Wales near Forbes. He became a member of a gang which was led by Frank Gardiner. Another member of the gang was Ben Hall. With Gardiner and Hall, Gilbert was involved with the biggest gold robbery in Australia's history: in 1862 the gang robbed a coach carrying gold at Eugowra. After the robbery, Gardiner went to Queensland to hide from the police. John Gilbert went to New Zealand. When he came back in May 1863, he started a new gang with Ben Hall.

The Ben Hall gang robbed travelers on the roads, the mail coaches, the gold escorts, hotels, farm houses and even held up whole towns. The police seemed to be unable to stop the gang. At first people thought this was fun, the police being made to look like fools. Gilbert and John O'Meally did the first daylight bank robbery in Australia in July 1863. They rode into the town of Carcoar and tried to take money from the bank. The man working at the bank grabbed his gun and fired it twice. Gilbert and O'Meally ran out of the bank, quickly got on to their horses and rode away.

But as the number of robberies continued, people became scared and wanted the government to do something. In 1864, Gilbert killed a policeman, Sergeant Edmund Parry, during a robbery near Jugiong. The police search for Gilbert became urgent.

At Springfield, near Goulburn, Gilbert tried to rob four young brothers. The boys fired their guns and kept the bushrangers back. Gilbert tried to shoot one of the boys, but his stolen race horse (called "Young Waverly") got in the way. The horse died immediately and Gilbert was trapped under the dead horse. People thought that this was very funny; a dangerous bushranger being made to look like a fool by a group of boys.

In 1865 another another policeman was killed by another member of the gang, John Dunn. Members of the gang were declared outlaws. This meant they could be killed by anyone at anytime. The police killed Ben Hall near Forbes on May 5, 1865. On May 13, 1865 Gilbert and Dunn went to hide at John Kelly's (Dunn's grandfather) house. Kelly told the police at Binalong where the two bushrangers were hiding so he could get the reward money. The police went to the house, but Gilbert and Dunn climbed out a window and ran down to Billabong Creek to escape into the bush. Constable King and Dunn were both shot. Gilbert was shot and killed when he stopped to shoot back at Constable John Bright. After an inquest to record how he died, he was buried at Binalong in the field where the police kept their horses. Gilbert was a bad criminal. He had been in 630 robberies. Dunn escaped but was captured six months later. He was hanged in Sydney in March 1866.

The story of John Gilbert was told in a poem, "How Gilbert Died" , by Australian poet, Banjo Paterson. Paterson had lived in Binalong when he was a young boy.


Sunny Baudelaire

Sunny Baudelaire is one of the main characters from Lemony Snicket's series of books, "A Series of Unfortunate Events". In the film she is portrayed by Kara and Shelby Hoffman.

She is the youngest of the Baudelaire orphans. Her two elder siblings are Violet and Klaus Baudelaire. She is described as being an infant throughout much of the series, and as a young (albeit advanced) child toward the end. Sunny cannot talk quite as well as the others because she's only a baby, but the baby noises that she makes are often very well translated into common English words by her older siblings. As the series progresses, her speech begins to grow and by the end of the series she is speaking in full sentences. Sunny's favorite book is "From Molars to Incisors: A Pictorial History of the Tooth", and she hates limp food. Her love of biting is not as common late in the series, though, when she develops a love of cooking.

Klaus Baudelaire

Klaus Baudelaire is a fictional character in the popular children's book series, "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket. His first name is possibly derived from Claus von Bülow.

Klaus is the middle child of the Baudelaire orphans; he has an older sister named Violet and a younger sister named Sunny. He is twelve years old at the beginning of the series, and turns thirteen in "The Vile Village". He is fourteen by the end of the series.

Chris Paul

Christopher Emmanuel Paul (born May 6, 1985) is a professional basketball player who currently plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the New Orleans Hornets, Los Angeles Clippers, Houston Rockets, Oklahoma City Thunder, and Phoenix Suns. His nickname is CP3. In 2008, Paul won an Olympic gold medal as part of the United States basketball team.

Paul played college basketball at Wake Forest University.

Notes

United States men's national basketball team

The USA Basketball Men's National Team, commonly known as the United States men's national basketball team, is the most successful team in international competition, winning medals in all nineteen Olympic tournaments that it has entered, including sixteen golds. The team won Olympic gold medals in the professional time in 1992, 1996, 2000, 2008, 2012, 2016, and 2020.

In 1989, FIBA, international basketball's governing body, allowed professional NBA players to participate in the Olympics for the first time. Before the 1992 Summer Olympics, only European and South American professionals were allowed to play in the Olympics.

1992 roster

The official 12-man roster:






Nastia Liukin

Anastasia Valeri'yevna "Nastia" Liukina (simply credited as Nastia Liukin, born 1989, Moscow, Russia, USSR) is a Russian born American artistic gymnast. She is daughter of Anna Kotchneva, former rhythmic gymnast and Valeri Liukin, a former artistic gymnast. He is also her coach. The family moved to America when Nastia was a baby. She trains in Texas. Liukin won the all-around Olympic gold medal in the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics. She is fluent in both Russian and American English.

Shawn Johnson

Shawn Machel Johnson East (born January 19, 1992) is an American artistic gymnast. She is the 2008 Olympic women's balance beam gold medalist.

Johnson East is the daughter of Doug and Teri Johnson. Her parents put her in a gymnastics class after they saw her climbing up cabinets and jumping down from tables. When she was six, Liang Chow opened a gymnastics school in her city. She was one of Chow's first students when he opened the school.

Neuschwanstein Castle

Neuschwanstein Castle (, , Southern Bavarian: "Schloss Neischwanstoa"), which translates as New Swan Stone Castle, is a Romanesque palace that was made in the 19th century by King Ludwig II of Bavaria. The palace is in Bavaria in southern Germany. It is one of the most famous sites among tourists.

Paul Kelly (musician)

Paul Maurice Kelly (born 13 January 1955 in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian rock music singer-songwriter, guitarist and harmonica player. Kelly has led many groups including Paul Kelly and the Dots, Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls and Paul Kelly and the Messengers. Kelly is one of Australia's most well-known singer-songwriters. His importance was recognised in 1997 when he was added to the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Hall of Fame.
Kelly writes and plays in many music styles, from bluegrass to reggae. His main styles are folk, rock, and country. Kelly's Top 40 singles on the National charts were his 1980s songs "Billy Baxter", "Before Too Long", "Darling it Hurts", "To Her Door", "Dumb Things", and his 2000 single "Roll on Summer". "To Her Door", written by Kelly, was his best local hit. It got to Number 14 on the Australian singles charts in 1987. "Dumb Things" got to Number 16 on the US "Billboard" Modern Rock chart in 1988. He has also had success with his albums with Top 20 hits on the National charts for "Gossip", "Under The Sun" and "So Much Water So Close To Home" from the 1980s; "Comedy", "Wanted Man", "Songs from the South: Paul Kelly's Greatest Hits" and "Words and Music" from the 1990s; and "Nothing But A Dream", "Ways & Means" and "Stolen Apples" from the 2000s. The compilation album "Songs from the South" got to Number 2 in 1997. His highest charting studio album was "Nothing But A Dream" which got to Number 7 in 2001.

Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder

Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder. It affects how people think and act. 

People with ADHD may have trouble sitting still, being quiet, or sleeping. They may be rather impulsive. 
They usually have problems focusing and remembering what is said or done around them. ADHD is called a "neurological developmental disorder" because it affects how people's nervous systems develop.

Experts think that, throughout the world, about one in twenty children (5%) have ADHD. Some countries have more people with ADHD than others, and not everyone uses the same tests. Psychologists have found more people with ADHD in North America than in Africa and the Middle East. In the United States, about one in every fourteen children has ADHD (7%), including one in every ten boys (10%) and one in every twenty-five girls (4%). This could be because more boys get ADHD, or because fewer girls take ADHD tests.

ADHD is most diagnosed in children and especially in boys. However, it is not uncommon for teenagers or adults to be diagnosed with ADHD. ADHD has no cure which means it is permanent. However, people with ADHD can treat it which means to help them get better. The difference between a cure and treatment is a cure entirely removes a problem, while the treatment does not remove the problem but help make the symptoms go away as if you don't have ADHD.

People with ADHD can have trouble paying attention, be overly active, or be impulsive. There are three types of ADHD, based on which of the three symptoms is most common.

Someone who usually has trouble paying attention may have some or all of these symptoms:
Someone who usually is overly active may have some or all of these symptoms:
People who are overly active usually lose these symptoms as they get older.

Someone who usually is impulsive may have some or all of these symptoms:
People with ADHD may have trouble making and keeping friends. They may also have trouble controlling their anger. While children with ADHD may have trouble doing some things, many children with ADHD will not have trouble paying attention to something they enjoy or think is interesting.

Most people who have ADHD also have other mental disorders, most often oppositional defiant disorder, conduct disorder, dyslexia, Tourette syndrome, anxiety disorders (especially obsessive-compulsive disorder), mood disorders, substance use disorders, eating disorders and personality disorders (especially antisocial, borderline, histrionic, passive-aggressive and avoidant).

It is believed that the main difference between neurotypical brains and the ones with ADHD is the deficit in the amount of dopamine receptors within the synapses in the brain. This deficit is said to be the main factor in regulating motivation and sustaining attention. 

Research of twins has shown that about three in four cases of ADHD are caused by one or both parents having ADHD. Siblings of children with ADHD are three to four times more likely to develop the disorder than siblings of children without the disorder. Genetic factors are also believed to be involved in determining whether ADHD lasts into adulthood. Some scientists think that ADHD is common because when humans were first developing, it was good to be overly active. Others think that, because ADHD is more common in children when the mother is anxious, ADHD developed to help children in dangerous places.

There are other possible causes for ADHD. If a pregnant person drinks alcohol, it can cause fetal alcohol syndrome, which can include ADHD. ADHD can also happen if a mother smokes tobacco while she is pregnant. Lead, low birth weight, premature birth, and some infections can increase the risk of a child having ADHD.

There is no cure for ADHD. People with ADHD can be helped with therapy or medication. Therapy is recommended for children who do not have bad symptoms or are very young. Therapy for people with ADHD helps with attention and behavior. There is also education for parents and teachers to help children with ADHD. Some physical exercise has been shown to help people with ADHD.

Generally, its treatment is categorized into two categories i.e. pharmacological and nonpharmacological. The first line treatment for ADHD includes cognitive behavioral therapy and use of stimulants. While cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) programs were once thought to be the solution for working with ADHD children and getting them to slow down and think, sadly, CBT programs have not been proven to be an efficient strategy for working with ADHD populations. 

Stimulants increase the amount of a chemical called dopamine in the brain, which helps with paying attention, planning, organization, and management of being overly active. These medications should not be given to children below the age of 6. 

People do not agree about the diagnosis of ADHD. The number of people with ADHD has increased in the last several years. Some people think this is because doctors are diagnosing too many people. Others think it is because doctors are getting better at finding people with ADHD. Some people think that ADHD is made up and not a real illness, even though it's the most researched condition in psychiatry. Most studies suggest that ADHD is mostly caused by problems with genes.

Several famous people have spoken about the rise in ADHD diagnoses. Actor Tom Cruise said that the medicines usually given to people with ADHD were like illegal drugs. Others disagreed with him because the amount of medicine given to people with ADHD does not cause addiction. There have been many studies about the effectiveness of the medicines used with ADHD. One certain study found that the medicine did help over a long time, but did not help more than other types of treatment.


Prevalence

Prevalence is a measure from the statistics of epidemiology. The prevalence of a disease in a certain population tries to answer the question of how common the disease is. A simple way to do this is to see how many members of the population have the disease, and divide by the total number of people in the population.

Apologetic proverb

Apologetic proverbs (also known as wellerisms), make fun of proverbs by showing that they are wrong, in some situations.

They have : 

They often have sardonic humor.


Ozone

Ozone, or trioxygen, is a chemical with the symbol O. This means one molecule of ozone is made of three oxygen atoms. Ozone is rarely called "trioxygen", even though this is its IUPAC systematic name. Ozone is formed from oxygen gas (O) by the action of ultraviolet light and also atmospheric electrical discharges. It is present in low concentrations throughout the Earth's atmosphere. In total, ozone makes up only 0.6 ppm (parts per million) of the atmosphere by volume.

Ozone is important to life on planet Earth. There is a portion of the stratosphere with a high concentration of ozone, called the ozone layer. The ozone layer is 10 to 50 kilometers above the ground. It filters out damaging ultraviolet radiation from the Sun, like a kind of sun screen. Without this ozone layer things would not have been able to live on the surface of our planet. The ozone layer also absorbs a lot of heat from the sun's rays. 

However, ozone is toxic to animals and plants above concentrations of about 0.1 ppm. In humans, it can cause nasal and throat irritation, and nausea. Extended exposure can cause lung oedema. 0.100 ppm is the maximum allowable limit for industrial, public, or occupied spaces in England, Japan, France, the Netherlands and Germany.

The ozone near the ground forms because of pollution. It is formed by a chemical reaction between volatile organic compounds and nitrogen oxides. These molecules are common pollutants in cities. Ozone at ground level creates smog.

Notes

Muhammad Hashim Gazdar

Muhammad Hashim Gazdar () was a prominent politician of Pakistan. He was mayor of Karachi and a former member of the Bombay Legislative Council from Sindh constituency.

He was originally from Rajputana and led the Marwari group in Karachi politics. He was born in 1895 in Jaisalmer (present day India). His ancestral roots linked to Rajput Clans of Rajisthan from where his father immigrated and settled in Karachi after the Sindh was amalgamated in British empire since 1843. He completed his intermediate from Sindh Madressah-tul-Islam, Karachi in 1911. Later, he went to Maharashtar to study engineering in Pune. Later he shifted to Bombay where he joined the project to uplift the lower caste in Bombay but after it was unsuccessful, he resigned along with a number of others from the project.

After he retired from the project, he returned to Karachi and worked as an engineer at the then District Local Board, Karachi. However, he later resigned from the job due to differences on policy matter with G. M. Syed, who was then the president of the Board.

Later, he joined politics and was elected a member of the Bombay Legislative Council from the constituency of Sindh in the 1934 election. Meanwhile he remained active in politics through the platform of the Sindh Ittehad party. He was also elected Mayor of the Municipality of Karachi for the term from May 1941 to May 1942. Afterwards, he joined Jinnah's All India Muslim League; that was launching a movement for establishment of an independent state for Muslim population of India within the sub-continent (which emerged as Pakistan later). Quaid e Azam led this movement and Hashim Gazdar was a friend of Muhammed Ali Jinnah on the platform of All India Muslim League to achieve the goal of a separate Muslim state. During this course, he was again elected a member of Legislative Assembly from Sindh; and remained the Deputy Speaker thereof.

Muhammed Hashim Gazdar was among the people who represented Sindh in the first session of Pakistan's initiating Constituent Assembly that was convened four days prior to the emergence of Pakistan, i.e. 10 August 1947 at Sindh Assembly Building, Karachi. Other members to represent Sindh were Muhammed Ayub Khoro, J. Ram Das Doulat Ram, and Pirzada Abdul Sattar Abdul Rehman.

As a former politician, the role played by Hashim Gazdar during the pre-partition and post partition era is highly acknowledged. Being an honest legislator, a veteran Muslim League politician, his role was significant as an ideological prominent figure on the scenario of Pakistan politics since its genesis. Being a commendable parliamentarian, he is highly appreciable with a view to transiting politics to the new stream in accordance with the changing necessities of times.

He died in 1966 and is buried in Muslim Marwari Graveyard Mewashah, Karachi.

Jaisalmer

Jaisalmer, nicknamed "The Golden City", is a town in the Indian state of Rajasthan. The town is located on a ridge of yellowish sandstone which contains a palace and temples. It lies in the middle of the Thar Desert and has a population of about 78,000. It is the capital of Jaisalmer District. The city is named after Rawal Jaisal.

Treaty of Lahore

The Treaty of Lahore was signed on 9 March 1846 after the First Sikh War. After the defeat of the Sikhs at the Battle of Sobraon the British were able to march into Lahore without any further battles. After the British reached the city of Lahore the treaty was signed.

The Sikhs (who had been defeated) were forced to sign the treaty with the British. As part of the treaty the Sikhs agreed to handover Kashmir and Hazara and Jalandhar Doab to the British. The treaty also resulted in the famous Koh-i-Noor diamond falling into British hands.

Gulab Singh, an Indian prince, negotiated between the British and the Sikhs over how the Sikhs would surrender. As well as handing over land to the British, the Sikhs had to allow a British Resident and a British army contingent at Lahore and troops in other cities.

Also, under the treaty, the Sikhs had to pay 1.2 million pounds to the British. As they were unable to pay Gulab Singh was able to take Kashmir from the Punjab government by paying 750,000 pounds to the East India Company. The Sikhs were also forced to give up the territory between the Satluj and the Beas rivers to the British. The Sikh army was also reduced. Maharaja Duleep Singh was recognised as the new ruler of Punjab. The new rulers were forbidden to employ any European without the permission of the British.


Treaty of Amritsar (1846)

The Treaty of Amritsar was signed on March 16, 1846 to settle a dispute over territory in Kashmir after the First Sikh War with the United Kingdom. The treaty was signed in the city of Amritsar. As part of the treaty land was given to Maharaja Gulab Singh Dogra. Gulab Singh was then able to rule over the lands to the west of the Ravi River including Chamba. Gulab Singh paid money to the British Government to get this land. The Treaty of Amritsar marked the beginning of Dogra rule in Kashmir, which was to end in 1948 after India got independence from Britishers.


Amritsar

Amritsar (, meaning: "The Lake of the Holy Nectar",) is the capital of the Amritsar District in the state of Punjab, India. According to the 2001 Indian census, over 1,500,000 people lived in the city.

Amritsar is in the state of Punjab, India, 32 km east of Lahore, Pakistan. The Harimandir Sahib, also known as the Golden Temple, is there. The temple is the centre of the Sikh religion. 

In the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre of 1919 under British Rule a large number of protestors were shot at and killed by British troops. The city is also famous for Operation Bluestar, a military operation carried out by India in 1984 that was ordered by the Prime Minister of India of the time, Indira Gandhi. Many Sikhs were angered, as the holy Golden Temple of the Sikhs was damaged by the Indian Army.

Amritsar district

Amritsar district (Panjabi:ਅੰਮ੍ਰਿਤਸਰ ਜਿਲ੍ਹਾ) is one of 26 districts in the state of Punjab in West India. It has a population over 3,000,000 and covers an area of 5075 km². The city of Amritsar is headquarters of this district.

During British Rule Amritsar was part of Lahore Division and was subdivided into 3 tehsils, there were - Amritsar taluka, Tarn Taran taluka and Ajnala taluka. However, as part of the partition of India in 1947 Amritsar district was separated from the rest of the division and given to India. During the partition period, the Muslim population of the district, some 46%, left for Pakistan while Hindus and Sikhs from Pakistan settled in the district.

As the British said, regarding Sikh Jats of Manjha (Majha), Jat Sikh is strong, tall, and muscular, with well shaped limbs, erect carriage, and strongly marked and handsome features. They are good cultivators and make fine soldiers. 

The Muhammadan Jats are poor cultivators. And to mention that Muhammadan Jats were mainly numerous in the Ajnala Riverside area only.





https://archive.org/details/in.ernet.dli.2015.105589/mode/1up

Lahore Division

Lahore Division () was a former division of the Punjab Province of Pakistan. In 2000 the government of Pakistan ended divisions.

Lahore Division was also an administrative division of Punjab Province of British India. It extended along the right bank of the Sutlej River from the Himalaya to Multan, and was made up of the six districts of Sialkot, Gujranwala, Montgomery, Lahore, Amritsar, and Gurdaspur. With the Partition of British India into the independent states of India and Pakistan in 1947, Lahore Division was divided among the two countries.

Divisions of Pakistan

Pakistan, including the disputed territory of Kashmir, originally had 37 political divisions during the United Pakistan period, that was inherited by British India, then from 1971-2000 it was reduced to 33 since four were lost to the independence of Bangladesh" 

The Divisions of Pakistan () used to be a subdivision of Pakistan's provinces. Pakistan's four provinces were split into divisions and the divisions were split into districts. However after the year 2000, the government of Pakistan abolished divisions.

In August 2000, local government reforms abolished the "Division" as an administrative tier and introduced a system of local government councils, with the first elections held in 2001. Following that there was radical restructuring of the local government system to implement "the principle of subsidiarity, whereby all functions that can be effectively performed at the local level are transferred to that level". This meant devolution of many functions, to districts and tehsils, which were previously handled at the provincial and divisional levels. At abolition, there were twenty-six divisions in Pakistan proper - five in Sindh, six in Balochistan, seven in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and eight in Punjab. Abolition did not affect the two divisions of Azad Kashmir, which form the second tier of government.

Former subdivisions of Pakistan

The former subdivisions of Pakistan are states, provinces and territories of Pakistan. Most of which existed between 1947 and 1975.

Pakistan's subdivisions originate from those of British India, during their rule the British had established provinces and chief commissioners. After 1947 Pakistan and India became independent when British India was divided.

From 1947 to 1971, Pakistan was split into two areas (East and West Pakistan) that were 1600 kilometres apart separated by India in the middle. The eastern wing had one province - East Bengal which included the Sylhet District from the former Indian province of Assam, and also the former district of East Pakistan province. The western wing was formed from three Governor's provinces (North-West Frontier Province, West Punjab and Sind (historical), one Chief Commissioner's Province (Baluchistan), several Princely states and parts of occupied Kashmir.



Kalat Division

Kalat Division () originally it was called Baluchistan States Union, until the merger with West Pakistan in 1955 and was also an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished it.

Makran Division

Makran Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished it.


Nasirabad Division

Nasirabad Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished it. The capital was Nasirabad town.

Makran

Makran () is a partly-desert coastal strip in the south of Balochistan, in Iran and Pakistan. It is along the coast of the Arabian Sea and the Gulf of Oman. The Persian phrase "Mahi khoran", fish-eaters ("Mahi" = fish + "khor" = eat) is believed to be the origin of the modern word "Makran".

The narrow coastal plain rises very rapidly into several mountain ranges. The coastline is 1,000 km, 750 km of this is in Pakistan. The climate is very dry with very little rainfall. 
According to the book Documents on the Persian Gulf's name " and ENCYCLOPEDIA Iranika Makran also Mekran and Mokrān historically in persian and Arabic text was a vast area from Hormuz strait to the Sind River some mentioned as far as Gujarat region, also the body of water in that region was called Macran Sea. The name Makrān has found a popular etymology in māhi-ḵᵛorān “fish eaters,” but more probable is a connection with the name Magan, or Maka of the Old Persian. Until the early Islamic period, eastern Makrān at least must have been within the sphere of Indian religion and culture. On his way homewards from the Far East in 1290, Marco Polo (II, pp. 334-35) sailed along the Makrān coast, calling it KisMacoran (i.e. Tiz Makrān), considering it as the last province of India and attributing to it a ruler of its own. In the early 14th century, Ebn Baṭṭuṭa (II, pp. 341-2) records that, after the death of the Il-Khanid sultan (i.e. after 736/1335), a certain Malek Dinār took power in Makrān. It was during these centuries that Makrān was colonized by Baluch nomads moving southeastwards from Persia, so that it is today mostly Baluch-speaking. The boundary between Persian Makrān and that part coming within the British Indian province of Baluchistan (the easternmost part forming the Native State of Las Bela) and after 1947 within Pakistan, was demarcated by an Anglo-Persian Boundary Commission in 1870-72.

Geography of Iran

The Geography of Iran contains mountains, rivers as well as plain land. Iran is a country of Southwest Asia, it borders the Gulf of Oman, the Persian Gulf, and the Caspian Sea, between Iraq and Pakistan. Iran is one of the world's most mountainous countries. 

Iran has an area of 1,648,000 square kilometres and is the sixteenth largest in size. Iran is bordered to the north by Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Turkmenistan. The border with these countries are more than 2,000 kilometres long and includes nearly 650 kilometres of water along the southern shore of the Caspian Sea.

Iran's western borders are with Turkey in the north and Iraq in the south, ending at the Shatt al Arab (which Iranians call the Arvand Rud). The Persian Gulf and Gulf of Oman littorals form the southern border (1,770 kilometres). To the east lie Afghanistan on the north and Pakistan on the south. The distance from the Iran's border with Azerbaijan in the north-west to the border with Pakistan in the south-east is about 2,333 kilometres.


Administrative units of Pakistan

Pakistan is a country in Asia. It is divided into five provinces and two territories. Pakistan also administers part of Kashmir. This part is divided into two separate areas. The rest of Kashmir is administered by India.

Each province of Pakistan is divided into "zillas" - zillah is an Urdu word () meaning district. There are 105 districts in Pakistan.

A district is divided into tehsils (). A tehsils is similar to a county. Tehsils are used in all provinces except in Sindh province where the word taluka () is used instead. Tehsils may contain villages or towns and cities.

Each tehsil is further divided into union councils. A union council is the smallest part of local government in Pakistan. They are sometimes made up of a few villages.

There are over 5,000 local government areas in Pakistan. Since 2001, these have been led by democratically elected local councils, each headed by a Nazim (the word means "supervisor" in Urdu, but is sometimes translated as mayor). Women have been allotted a minimum of 33% seats in these councils; there is no maximum limit to the number of women in these councils.

In the 1960s, Pakistan was simply divided into two "units" these were East Pakistan and West Pakistan. Shortly before East Pakistan became independent as Bangladesh, West Pakistan reverted to a system with four provinces. The provinces consisted of subunits called "divisions", which were further subdivided into districts, tehsils, and villages or municipalities.

In August 2000, Pervez Musharraf's local government reforms abolished the "division" as an administrative tier. A system of local government councils was established, with the first elections being held in 2001. Since then Pakistan has had greatly changed the local government system. The government had a plan to allow devolution. This plan according to the government "follows the principle of subsidiarity, whereby all functions that can be effectively performed at the local level are transferred to that level."

This means mean that decisions are made locally by people who live in the area and not in far away cities. 


Subsidiarity

Subsidiarity is an idea that things should be handled by the smallest, lowest or least centralised authority.

The idea is that the top authority should only do things which cannot be properly done at a lower or local level. It applies to many areas of life.

Just Dance (song)

"Just Dance" is a 2008 song by American singer Lady Gaga, from her debut album, "The Fame". Gaga sang this song with Colby O'Donis. The song was nominated for Best Dance Recording at the 2009 Grammy Awards. It reached #1 in the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Ireland, and the Netherlands.

On April 12, 2023, the Recording Industry Association of America announced the the song had been certified 11× Platinum (Diamond + Platinum) for shipments and streams of 11 million copies in the US alone. This made Gaga only the third female artist to have three Diamond- or higher-certified songs, after Katy Perry and Cardi B.

Released on April 25, 2008, the video was directed by music video director Melina Matsoukas, filmed in March 2008. and is based on the thematic content of the song of being in a party. The video begins with Gaga arriving with her background dancers at a house party, which seems to have ended. One of the dancers puts a Discolite boombox on, blaring the music through the house. The crowd at the party appear to be sleeping in different areas, and are awoken by the music. They all start to dance, and scenes of the party are intercut with scenes of a scantily clad Gaga dancing in a poncho, with a disco ball or in a small kiddie pool playing with an inflated orca whale. She wears a blue, lightning-bolt shaped sticker beneath her right eye like that on the single cover, which paid tribute to the album cover of David Bowie's "Aladdin Sane", as he is one of her musical idols. O'Donis appears in the video being flanked by several girls during the "When I come through on the dance floor" interlude. Cameo appearances are made by Akon and Space Cowboy. MTV called the video an ode to the "Me Decade". During an interview with Australian radio in September 2008, Gaga said that "[t]he whole video is performance art about being drunk at a party." When asked about the shooting experience of the music video, Gaga explained,

"Oh it was so fun, it was amazing. For me it was like being on a Martin Scorsese set. I've been so low budget for so long, and to have this incredibly amazing video was really very humbling. It was really fun, but you'll see if you ever come to a video shoot of mine one day – I'm very private about those things, I don't really talk to everybody. I'm not like the party girl running around. I might even seem to be a bit of a diva. I'm sort of with myself, in my work head space worrying about costumes, and if extras look right, and placement. I don't just show up for things, you know. That video was a vision of mine. It was Melina the director who wanted to do something, to have a performance art aspect that was so pop but it was still commercial, but that felt like lifestyle. It was all those things, I love it."
The official video on Lady Gaga's Vevo channel, LadyGagaVevo, was a favorite among fans on and around December 8, 2009, the day Vevo was launched.

Districts of Pakistan

"Before 2001"

Rose Tyler (Doctor Who)

Rose Marion Tyler is a character in the British television series "Doctor Who". She was played by Billie Piper. Rose was a companion of the Doctor.

The character was created by series producer Russell T Davies. When "Doctor Who" was returned to television in 2005, Rose was introduced in the show as a new "companion" of series protagonist the Doctor, in his Ninth and later Tenth bodies. A regular companion of the Doctor for all of series one and series two, Rose also returned in the programme's fourth series having Changed in the gap between them.

When first seen, Rose is 19 years old and working in a shop named Henrik's. She has a boyfriend named Mickey Smith, and lives in an apartment with her mother Jackie Tyler in the Powell Estate in London. Rose left school without taking her A-levels but won the bronze medal in an under-sevens gymnastics competition at her school. Her father, Pete Tyler died in 1987 in a car accident, the year after Rose was born. When she was twelve, she received a red bicycle for Christmas, which was given to her by the Doctor after meeting Rose in the future.

Ninth Doctor saves her from aliens named Autons then he destroys the building. She helps the Doctor to defeat the autons then decides to travel with him.

While they are travelling, the Doctor and Rose realise that the words "Bad Wolf" follow them around. They discover that Rose herself is the Bad Wolf, and that the words are a message. They tell Rose that she must travel to the future to absorb the energies of the time vortex, to save the Doctor and the Earth from the Daleks. By absorbing the power of the TARDIS, she destroy the Daleks, brings Captain Jack back to life and leaves the words "Bad Wolf" through the universe as clues that are seen throughout the series.

Soon the energies she absorbed begin to destroy her body. The Doctor, through a kiss, absorbs the power, sacrificing his ninth incarnation and regenerating before Rose's eyes into the Tenth Doctor.

At the beginning of season 2, Rose and the Doctor travel "farther than we've ever gone before" to New New Earth. There they meet the Face of Boe again and help defeat some cat-nurses. Over the course of season two, we learn that Rose has a crush on the Doctor, a point that is made strongly in 2.03 (when she competes for the Doctor's affections with former companion, Sarah Jane Smith) and 2.04 (when the Doctor falls for Madame de Pompadour). Toward the end of the season, the Doctor starts to return affection for Rose, ending in the finale where Rose is trapped in a parallel universe (that looks just like ours) with her mother, Jackie, Mickey, and her parallel-universe father, Peter Tyler.

Rose makes a number of little, non-speaking appearances throughout series four. 
In "Turn Left", when a Time Beetle causes Donna to change the past and change the universe, Rose continually appears to her and helps her to set things right by sending her back in time. She also gives Donna the message "Bad Wolf" to deliver to the Doctor, which tells him that it is the end of the universe. Rose is reunited with the Doctor in "The Stolen Earth", but as the two run towards each other, the Doctor is shot down by a Dalek. A sad Rose, reunited with Jack Harkness for the first time since she resurrected him in "The Parting of the Ways", is forced to watch the Doctor begin to regenerate again.

In "Journey's End" the Doctor regenerates just enough to heal himself, moving the rest of his 'Time Lord' regenerative energy into his hand that was cut off in the series two episode "The Christmas Invasion". Donna later touches the hand, and the energy that flows into her creates a weird event called a 'biological metacrisis'. This metacrisis causes the hand to develop into a part human, part time lord version of the Doctor, complete with the Doctor's memories, personality and knowledge, but exhibiting traits of Donna's personality. This mixed version of the Doctor also has only one heart, and he can't regenerate. The original Doctor returns Rose to her alternate universe's Bad Wolf Bay. Between themselves, the original Doctor and the half-human Doctor have decided that the half-human Doctor will stay with Rose; this Doctor can give Rose a romantic relationship, as he will age and die as a human rather than greatly outliving her like his Time Lord counterpart would. The Doctor tells Rose that his half-human self needs her as he was "born of blood and fire and revenge" much like his previous body was after the Time War. He believes Rose can help turn him into a "better man". When the half-human Doctor seemingly completes the sentence the original Doctor started at the end of "Doomsday" they kiss each other. And although we do not hear what the half-human Doctor had whispered to Rose, executive producer Julie Gardner confirmed in Doctor Who Confidential that "even though we don't hear it, of course he's saying 'I love you'."

The Doctor then leaves Rose and her Doctor in their parallel universe, the walls once again sealed.

Jammu and Kashmir (princely state)

Kashmir and Jammu was a princely state in the Himalayas next to the territories of British India in the north. It was ruled by a Hindu Maharaja.

The state was created in 1846 after the defeat of the Sikhs. The East India Company annexed the Kashmir valley and wanted to recover some of the cost of the Anglo-Sikh war. The Muslim majority Kashmir was sold to the Dogra ruler of Jammu under the Treaty of Amritsar. The area of the state were set by the Treaty of Amritsar of 1846 "situated to the eastward of the Indus and westward of the Ravi River it covered an area of 80,900 km2.

After the British left India the princely state was divided between Pakistan and India as war took place between the neighbours.

Before the creation of the princely state, Kashmir had been ruled by the Durrani Empire it was then taken over by the Sikhs under Ranjit Singh. During Sikh rule Jammu had been a tributary of the Sikh Empire in the Punjab region, but after the death of its Raja, Kishore Singh, Dogra, in 1822 his son Gulab Singh was recognised by the Sikhs as being his heir. He then began expanding his kingdom.

As Ruler Jammu Gulab Singh took over Bhadarwah then Kishtwar. Taking over Kishtwar meant that Singh had now gained control of two of the roads which led into Ladakh which allowed him to take control of that territory. Although there were huge difficulties, due to the mountains and glaciers, the Dogras under Gulab Singh's officer, Zorawar Singh managed to conquered the whole of Ladakh.

A few years later, in 1840, General Zorawar Singh invaded Baltistan and captured the Raja of Skardu who had sided with the Ladakhis, and took over his country. The following year (1841) Zorawar Singh tried to invade Tibet, however due to the winter weather and by being attacked by the Tibetians. He along with almost all of his army died.

In the winter of 1845 war broke out between the British and the Sikhs. Gulab Singh remained neutral until the battle of Sobraon in 1846, when he became a trusted adviser of Sir Henry Lawrence. This allowed him to gain land for himself - all the hilly or mountainous land to the east of the Indus and west of the Ravi River.

Kashmir itself was not easy for the Maharaja to take over. The Maharaja's army had to fight Imam-ud-din - the Sikh governor. Imam-ud-din was aided by the Bambas from the Jhelum valley. They managed to defeat Gulab Singh's troops near to Srinagar, killing Wazir Lakhpat. However Imam-ud-din was later persuaded by Sir Henry Lawrence to stop fighting and Kashmir passed without further fighting to the new ruler.

Not long afterwards the Hunza Raja, attacked Gilgit territory. Nathu Shah on behalf of Gulab Singh responded by leading a force to attack the Hunza valley; he and his force were destroyed, and Gilgit fort fell into the hands of the Hunza Raja, along with Punial, Yasin, and Darel. The Maharaja then sent two armies, one from Astor and one from Baltistan, and after some fighting Gilgit fort was taken back. In 1852 the Dogra troops were defeated by Gaur Rahman of Yasin, and for eight years the Indus formed the boundary of the Maharaja's territories.

Gulab Singh died in 1857, his successor, Ranbir Singh, sided with the British during the Indian Rebellion. After the rebellion had been defeated by the British Ranbir decided to take back Gilgit. In 1860 a force under Devi Singh crossed the Indus, and moved towards Gaur Rahman's strong fort at Gilgit. Gaur Rahman had died just before the arrival of the Dogras. The fort was taken and held by the Maharajas until 1947.

Although Ranbir Singh was tolerant of other religions his control over the country was weak, between 1877 and 1879 a dreadful famine took place in Kashmir.

Jammu was the southernmost part of the state and was next to the Punjab districts of Jhelum, Gujrat, Sialkot, and Gurdaspur.

There used to be a route from Kohala to Leh, it was possible to travel from Rawalpindi via Kohala and over the Kohala Bridge into Kashmir. The route from Kohala to Srinagar was a cart-road 132 miles in length, from Kohala to Baramulla the road was close to the Jhelum River. At Muzaffarabad the Kishenganga River joins the Jhelum and at this point the road from Abbottabad and Garhi Habibullah meet the Kashmir route. The road carried heavy traffic and had to be repaired main times by the authorities.

In 1893 very serious floods took place in the Jhelum because of rain that fell for 52 hours, and much damage was done to Srinagar. However the floods of 1903 was much more severe.

In 1947 the Indian Independence Act was passed, this meant that British India would become two independent states - Pakistan and India. Also each of the princely states would be free to join India or Pakistan - or remain independent. All of princely ended up becoming part of Pakistan or India.

However the ruler of Kashmir wanted to remain independent, neither joining Pakistan or India, this led to war between the two neighbouring countries in which Kashmir became divided between them. Each considered that "all" of the former princely state belongs to them. This has led to several wars. The Kashmir conflict between the two nuclear neighbours remains one of the hardest and longest running disputes that the United Nations Security Council has been trying to solve.


Automatix (software)

Automatix was a computer program to install software on Ubuntu in an easy way.

Automatix allowed the menu-driven installation of 56 different “capabilities”, including commercial closed source programs such as the Flash plugin, Acrobat Reader, multimedia codecs (DivX, MP3, Windows Media Audio) and fonts, and programming compilers.
Ultamatix was a fork of automatix.

Jallianwala Bagh massacre

The Jallianwalah Bagh Massacre, also known as the Amritsar Massacre was a massacre that happened in Amritsar, in 1919. It is named after the Jallianwala Bagh (Temple) in the northern Indian city of Amritsar, Punjab. On April 13, 1919, British Indian Army soldiers started shooting at an unarmed crowd of men, women and children. The person in charge was Brigadier-General Reginald Dyer, the military commander of Amritsar.

The shooting lasted about ten minutes. According to official British Raj sources, 379 people were killed. According to other sources, there were over 1,000 deaths, with more than 2,000 hurt badly, and Civil Surgeon Dr. Smith said that there were 1500 casualties.

World War I began with large support and friendliness towards the United Kingdom from the leaders of India. This was not expected by the British, who thought there may be a revolt. India helped the British war effort by providing men and resources. About 1.3 million Indian soldiers and workers served in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, while both the Indian government and the princes sent large supplies of food, money, and ammunition.

Bengal and Punjab were areas where people still did not like the British. Terrorist-style attacks in Bengal were connected with the unrest in Punjab. From the beginning of the war, the overseas Indian population (mainly from Canada, Germany, and the United States) tried to start a rebellion in India similar to the 1857 uprising. With Irish Republican, German and Turkish help, a large conspiracy was made called the HinduGerman Conspiracy. This conspiracy also tried to make Afghanistan not support British India.

After World War I, the high number of dead and wounded, inflation, heavy taxation and other problems greatly affected the people of India. Indian soldiers smuggled weapons into India to get rid of British rule. Different groups joined together to demand independence from Britain. In 1916, the Indian National Congress and the Muslim League signed the Lucknow Pact, agreeing to build a border dividing Punjab (India) and Pakistan.

The worsening civil unrest throughout India, especially amongst the Bombay millworkers, led to the Rowlatt committee in 1919. The Rowlatt committee was named after Sydney Rowlatt, an English judge. The job of the committee was to understand German and Bolshevik links to the militant movement in India, especially in Punjab and Bengal. The committee asked for an extension of the Defence of India act of 1915 The act gave the Viceroy's government great power, that included silencing the press, detaining political activists without trial, arrest without warrant of any individual suspected of treason. This act sparked huge anger within India.

The events that followed the Rowlatt Act in 1919 were also influenced by the events linked to the Ghadar conspiracy. British Indian Army troops were returning from the battlefields of Europe and Mesopotamia to an economic depression in India. There were many attempts to mutiny in 1915 and the Lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention. News of young Mohajirs who fought on behalf of the Turkish Caliphate and later for the Red Army during the Russian Civil War was also beginning to reach India. The Russian Revolution had also started to influence India. It was at this time that Mahatma Gandhi, until then relatively unknown on the Indian political scene, became a mass leader.

Gandhi's call for protest against the Rowlatt act got an expected response - of furious unrest and protests. The situation especially in Punjab became bad very quickly. Rail, telegraph and communication systems were all disrupted. A huge crowd of 20,000 marched through Lahore.

In Amritsar, over 5,000 people gathered at Jallianwala Bagh. Michael O'Dwyer is said to have believed that this was part of an attempt to rebel against the British. James Houssemayne Du Boulay is said to have seen a direct relationship between the fear of a Ghadarite uprising in an increasingly tense situation in Punjab, and the British response that ended in the massacre.

On April 10, 1919, a protest was held at the residence of the Deputy Commissioner of Amritsar. The demonstration was held to demand the release of two popular leaders of the Indian Independence Movement, Satya Pal and Saifuddin Kitchlew, who had been arrested on account of their protests. The crowd was shot at by British troops. The shooting started more violence. Later in the day, several banks and other government buildings, including the Town Hall and the railway station were attacked and set on fire. The violence continued to increase, and resulted in the deaths of at least 5 Europeans, including government employees and civilians.

For the next two days, Amritsar was quiet, but violence continued in other parts of the Punjab. Railway lines were cut, telegraph posts destroyed, government buildings burnt, and three Europeans were killed. By April 13, the British government had decided to place most of the Punjab under martial law. The legislation placed restrictions on a number of civil liberties, including freedom of assembly, banning gatherings of more than four people.

On April 13, 1919, thousands of people gathered in the Jallianwala Bagh (garden) near the Golden Temple in Amritsar. The date was for the Baisakhi festival which was also the Sikh new year. For more than two hundred years, this festival had drawn thousands from all over India. People had travelled for days to get to Amritsar.

The Jallianwala Bagh was surrounded on all sides by houses and buildings and had few narrow entrances, most of which were kept locked. Unable to escape people tried to climb the walls of the park. Many jumped into a well inside the compound to escape from the bullets. A plaque in the monument says that 120 bodies were pulled out of the well.
As a result of the shooting, hundreds of people were killed and thousands were injured. The shooting lasted for ten minutes. In a telegram sent to Dyer, British Lieutenant-Governor of Punjab, Sir Michael O'Dwyer wrote: ""Your action is correct. Lieutenant Governor approves.""

O'Dwyer asked for martial law to be imposed upon Amritsar and other areas; this was allowed by the Viceroy, Lord Chelmsford, after the massacre.

Dyer was initially applauded by some, but in July 1920 he was censured and forced to retire by the House of Commons.

British Indian Army

The British Indian Army, officially called simply the Indian Army (IA), was the army in British India during British rule (1858–1947). The Indian Army served as a security force in India itself and fought in battles overseas, particularly during the two World Wars.

The term "Indian Army" was used to describe the presidency armies, especially after the Indian Mutiny. However, the first army officially called the "Indian Army" was raised by the government of India in 1895. In 1903 the Indian Army absorbed the three presidency armies (the Bengal Army, the Madras Army and the Bombay Army).

Between 1903 and 1947 the Army of India consisted of two separate parts: the Indian Army and the British Army in India. The first consisted of Indian Army regiments from India, while the second were British Army regiments from the United Kingdom which were sent to India.

The Army of India defeated the Ottoman Empire and conquered Iraq in the Mesopotamian Campaign of World War I.

The Indian Army was formed after the Indian Rebellion of 1857 when the government of Britain took over rule from the British East India Company. Before that the company had their own army units, paid for by their profits and these joined with British Army units.

The army of the British East India Company recruited mostly Muslims in the Bengal Presidency (which consisted of Bengal, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh), and high caste Hindus mainly from the rural plains of Oudh. These troops rebelled against the British in 1857.

After the rebellion, the British started recruiting what the British called the "martial races," particularly Punjabi Muslims, Marathas, Rajputs, Sikhs, Gurkhas, Pashtuns, Garhwalis, Mohyals, and Dogras.

After World War II, the British formations and units that had been part of the British Army of India were divided between India and Pakistan.

Soon after the Partition of India, both the newly formed armies fought each other in the First Kashmir War from 1947 - '48 which begun the bitter rivalry that has continued into the 21st century.

Presidency armies

The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of British India. The presidency armies, like the presidencies themselves, belonged to the East India Company until the Indian Mutiny, when the British government took over all three presidencies. Eventually all three presidency armies were merged into the Indian Army.

The presidency armies were named after the presidencies, these were:


From the mid-eighteenth century, the East India Company began to keep armies at each of its three main stations, or ‘Presidencies’, in India at Calcutta (Bengal), Madras and Bombay. The Bengal Army, Madras Army, and Bombay Army were quite different, each with its own list of Regiments and European officers. All three armies had both European regiments in which both the officers and men were Europeans, and a larger number of ‘Native’ regiments in which the officers were Europeans and the ordinary soldiers were Indians.

Also from the mid-eighteenth century the British government began to send regiments of the regular British Army to India to reinforce the Company’s armies. These troops are often referred to as ‘H.M.’s Regiments’ or ‘Royal regiments’.

Following the Indian rebellion of 1857-58 and the end of the East India Company, its European regiments were joined in 1860 with the British Army, but its ‘Native’ regiments were not. The three separate Presidency Armies continued to exist, and their European officers continued to be listed as members of the Bengal, Madras or Bombay Army rather than the British Army. However, the Presidency Armies began to be described as the Indian Army. Also after the rebellion artillery was only to be used by the British Army and not by Indian troops.

In the 1890s, the separate Presidency Armies were joined together to form the Indian Army.


Bombay Presidency

The Bombay Presidency was a former province of British India. It began in the 17th century as trading posts of the British East India Company, but later grew to include much of western and central India, as well as parts of Pakistan and the Arabian Peninsula.

At its greatest extent, the Bombay Presidency was made up of the present-day state of Gujarat, the western two-thirds of Maharashtra state, including the regions of Konkan, Desh, and Kandesh, and northwestern Karnataka state of India; It also included Pakistan's Sindh province and the British territory of Aden in Yemen. It consisted partly of districts, which were directly under British rule, and partly of native or princely states, which were ruled by local rulers under the administration of a governor.

The first British settlement in the Bombay Presidency was in 1618, when the East India Company established a factory at Surat. The British were protected by a charter from the Mughal Emperor Jahangir. Bombay at the time was under the control of Portugal. In 1661 Bombay was given to the British government, as part of the dowry of Catherine of Braganza when she married Charles II of England. In 1668 Bombay was given to the East India Company for a yearly payment of £10. In 1687 Bombay became the capital of the Company's territories in India. However, in 1753 Calcutta was in charge of the Government of Bombay.

During the 18th century, the Maratha Empire grew quickly, conquering Konkan and much of eastern Gujarat from the Mughal Empire. In western Gujarat, including Kathiawar and Kutch, the weakening Mughal control allowed lots of local rulers to become independent. The first battle between the British and the Marathas was the First Anglo-Maratha War which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of Salbai. The treaty meant that the island of Salsette, next to Bombay island, was given to the British. The British took over Surat in 1800. British territory became bigger in the Second Anglo-Maratha War which ended in 1803.

In 1803 the Bombay Presidency included only Salsette, the islands of the harbour (since 1774), Surat and Bankot (since 1756); but 1803 and 1827 the presidency grew even more. The Gujarat districts were taken over by the Bombay government in 1805 and made larger in 1818. The small states of Kathiawar and Mahikantha were organised into princely states under British control between 1807 and 1820.

After the Revolt of 1857, the British East India Company rule ceased, and India came under the direct control of the British government. In 1932, Aden was separated from Bombay and made a separate province, and Sind became a separate province on April 1, 1936.

The Bombay Presidency had a large and diverse population. The census of 1901 gave a total of 25,468,209 people. By religion the population was 19,916,438 Hindu, 4,567,295 Muslim, 535,950 Jain, 78,552 Zoroastrian, and about 200,000 Christian.

In Sindh Islam had been the main religion since the Arab conquest in the 8th century. In Gujarat the main religion is Hinduism, although Muslim kingdoms have left their influence in many parts of the province. The Deccan is the home of the Marathi, who were 30% of the population. The Konkan had various Christian castes, because of the rule of the Portuguese.

The main languages of the Presidency were Sindhi in Sindh, Kutchi in Kutch, Gujarati and Hindustani in Gujarat, Marathi in Thana and the central division, Gujarati and Marathi in Khandesh, and Marathi and Kannada in the southern division. There were also Bhil (120,000) and Gipsy (30,000) dialects.

In 1947 Bombay Province became part of newly-independent India, and Sindh Province became part of Pakistan. In 1950 Bombay Province was reorganised into Bombay State, which included the princely states.

Maharaja

The word Mahārāja is Sanskrit for "great king" or "high king". Many languages have borrowed the word 'Maharaja', these languages include Punjabi, Bengali, Hindi and Gujarati. Its use is mainly for important rulers. A female ruler is known as Maharani (or Mahārāni) which means great queen. She can be the wife of a Maharaja or a ruler herself.

British India contained more than 600 princely states each with its own ruler. Some states called the ruler Thakur (if the ruler were Hindu) or Nawab (if he was Muslim); there were many other titles as well. Many Muslim rulers also had the title of Raja, one of the most famous being the "Raja of Rajouri" who was a Muslim raja. Originally only rulers of large empires such as the ancient Maurya Empire and Gupta Empire were Maharajas but in later centuries even rulers of small kingdoms used the title. In 1971, the government of Indira Gandhi abolished the titles and money for all Indian rulers. However some people still claim such titles.

Jallianwala Bagh

Jallianwala Bagh is a public garden in Amritsar city in Punjab province of India. It has a memorial to remember those people who were killed in the Massacre of 13 April, 1919. This date was also the Punjabi New Year 2,000 peaceful demonstrators had gathered in the garden.

The memorial is managed by "Jallianwala Bagh National Memorial Trust", which was established as per "Jallianwala Bagh National Memorial Act" passed by Government of India in year 1951.



The Observer

The Observer is a British newspaper published on Sundays. It is a sister paper to "The Guardian." First published in 1791, it is the world's oldest newspaper that is published on Sundays.

The first issue was published on 4 December 1791 by W.S. Bourne.

It became part of the Guardian Media Group in June 1993, after a rival bid by "The Independent" was rejected.

Almaty

Almaty (; formerly known as "Alma-Ata" (Алма-Ата), also "Verniy", (Верный)) is the largest city in Kazakhstan. It has a population of over 1,700,000 people (as of 2015). Eight percent of the population of the country live in Almaty. It was the capital of Kazakhstan from 1927 to 1998. Almaty is the major commercial center of Kazakhstan.

The city is close to China, and was once on the northern silk route between China and the Middle East. Its name derives from the Turkic languages.

The city is in an earthquake zone. There have been three quite serious earthquakes in the last 150 years.

On 4 February 1854 the Russian Empire decided to build a fort Verniy on the west bank of the Malaya Almatinka river. Later Russian settlers arrived. In 1922 the Soviet Union renamed the city to Alma-Ata. In 1927 Alma-Ata became the capital of the Kazakh SSR.

Almaty has a hot-summer humid continental climate (Dfa in the Koeppen climate classification).

Almaty TV tower is the highest TV tower above sea level (1130 m.). The tower is the highest building in the city (372 m.). This building able to withstand 10.0 magnitude.

The name "Almaty" comes from the Kazakh word for "apple" (алма). The name is often translated as a city "rich with apples". The older Soviet-era Russian name for the city, Alma-Ata, comes from a mistake (the name literally means "Grandfather of apples"). In the area around Almaty, there are many different species of the wild apples. The region is thought to be the ancestral home of the apple. A local species of apple, the wild "Malus sieversii", may be the ancestor of the modern domestic apple.

Banjo-Kazooie

Banjo-Kazooie is a video game made by Rare for the Nintendo 64 in 1998. The name of the game comes from the names of the two main characters, a bear called "Banjo" and an orange bird called "Kazooie", who lives in Banjo's backpack. The story follows Banjo and Kazooie as they set out on a quest to rescue Banjo's sister, who has been kidnapped by an evil witch named Gruntilda Winkybunion. It was released on the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade service in December 2008.

Halo Wars

Halo Wars is a real-time strategy video game for the Xbox 360. It was developed by Ensemble Studios. The game was released by Microsoft. It was released in Japan and Australia on February 26, 2009, in Europe on February 27, and in North America on March 3. It is based on the popular, award winning "Halo" series of video games, and is set in the year 2531, 21 years before the events of "". It's the first "Halo" game that is not a first person shooter.

Project Gotham Racing (series)

Project Gotham Racing often known as PGR is a series of driving video games published by Microsoft for the Xbox and Xbox 360 consoles. 

There are four games in the series 


Bydales School

Bydales School is a secondary school in Marske-by-the-Sea, England which has about 750 students. A new school building was opened on 2 November 2006. It is rated as 'outstanding' by Ofsted. It is a technology college. The school has a small wind turbine, solar panels and a hydrogen fuel cell.


In Love with a Girl (song)

"In Love with a Girl" is the #1 single by Gavin DeGraw on the album "Gavin DeGraw". "In Love with a Girl" was released February 2008.

Vinje

Vinje is a municipality in Norway. It is in the county of Telemark. The administration of this place is done from Åmot.


Vinje is the home of folk musician Myllarguten. His home there is now a small museum. A monument of Myllarguten is located near Kosi. Myllarguten was a 19th-century musician. He who played for kings and inspired Edvard Grieg.

Vinje was established in 1838 as a municipality. It is on the Hardangervidda and on the Setesdalsheiane Mountains plateaus.

Arabygdi lies in the western part of Rauland. It is on Lake Totak. The largest stone scree in Northern Europe, is Urdbøuri. The scree has huge boulders lying on the floor of the valley.

The municipality Vinje (originally the parish) is named after the old farm Vinje (Norse "Vinjar"), since the first church was built here. The name is the plural form of "vin" f 'meadow, pasture'.


1979–80 NHL season

The 1979–80 NHL season was the 63rd season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-one teams each played 80 games. This season saw the addition of four teams from the collapse of the World Hockey Association (WHA) the previous season as expansion teams. The Edmonton Oilers, Winnipeg Jets, New England Whalers (later renamed "Hartford Whalers" at the insistence of the Boston Bruins), and Quebec Nordiques joined the NHL bringing a new total of 21 teams. The other two WHA teams (Birmingham Bulls and Cincinnati Stingers) were paid to disband. 

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"


Viola d'amore

The viola d'amore is a string instrument which was popular in the 17th and 18th century. It is a kind of viola. The name is Italian and means “viola of love”. It can have 6 or 7 strings. It is held under the chin and bowed like a violin. Sometimes it is used today to play music from the 17th and 18th centuries. Occasionally some modern composers have also written music for it.

The viola d'amore is about the same size as a modern viola. However, the shape is more like the shape of a viol. Like viols, it has a flat back, a wide rib (the sides), sloping shoulders and a carved head at the top of the peg box. It does not have any frets (markings on the fingerboard) like a viol or a guitar. The sound-holes are often in the shape of a flaming sword.

The viola d'amore usually has six or seven playing strings which are played with the bow, just as with a violin. In addition, it has the same number of sympathetic strings. These are strings which vibrate when the other strings are played, making the sound richer and sweeter.

The viola d'amore was often tuned to whatever notes were best for the piece it was to going to play. This is a kind of scordatura (changing the way the strings are tuned). Towards the end of the 18th century the usual tuning became: "A, d, a, d', f#', a', d"" (see music example. Notice the example uses the "viola clef")

The viola d’amore became very popular during the 17th century. However, after a time it became less popular because the instruments of the viol family were not used much while the instruments of the violin family took over. The viola d’amore was too quiet and sweet to play with the modern violin family. However, in the 20th century some composers have written for the instrument again, e.g. Paul Hindemith.

The viola d'amore can regularly be heard today in groups who play Baroque music on period instruments. It can be heard, for example in Bach’s St John Passion.


Sœur Emmanuelle

Sœur Emmanuelle (born Madeleine Cinquin, November 16, 1908 – October 20, 2008) was a Belgian-born French nun.

She was born in Brussels, Belgium, the daughter of a family that made lingerie. At the age of six she saw her father drown. She learned at the Sorbonne, earning a degree in philosophy. In 1929 she made a religious promise and became a nun.

She worked in Notre-Dame de Sion high school in İstanbul in 1930s.

In 1971 she saw how poorly trash collectors in Cairo, Egypt were doing, and decided to live with them. She stayed until 1993, when she went back to France. After she went back, she became very famous in France and was liked by audiences and talk-show hosts.

Besides her work with the poor, she is also known for having had views that are not like how religion normally is, such as being for the use of birth control and being for the idea of priests to marry. She has been voted one of the most popular people in France, and has been compared to Mother Teresa. (Although she does not agree with this comparison). In 2003, French television broadcast "Soeur Emmanuelle: An exceptional woman".

She died on 20 October 2008.

"Les Amis de Soeur Emmanuelle" (The Friends of Sister Emmanuelle) is a charitable organization based in Brussels.


1978–79 NHL season

The 1978–79 NHL season was the 62nd season of the National Hockey League. The 17 teams of the league played an 80-game season.

The Montreal Canadiens beat the New York Rangers in the Stanley Cup finals four games to one for their fourth Cup in a row.

"GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
<br>
"Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
"All dates in 1979"

Vancouver Canucks vs. Philadelphia Flyers

"Philadelphia wins best-of-three series 2 games to 1"

Los Angeles Kings vs. New York Rangers

"NY Rangers win best-of-three series 2 games to 0"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Atlanta Flames

"Toronto wins best-of-three series 2 games to 0"

Pittsburgh Penguins vs. Buffalo Sabres

"Pittsburgh wins best-of-three series 2 games to 1"

Chicago Black Hawks vs. New York Islanders

"NY Islanders win best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Pittsburgh Penguins vs. Boston Bruins

"Boston wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

New York Rangers vs. Philadelphia Flyers

"NY Rangers win best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

New York Rangers vs. New York Islanders

"NY Rangers win best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Boston Bruins vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 3"

New York Rangers vs. Montreal Canadiens

As of 2008, it is the last time two Pre-war clubs met in the Finals.

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"


1934–35 NHL season

The 1934–35 NHL season was the 18th season of the National Hockey League. Nine teams each played 48 games. The Montreal Maroons were the Stanley Cup winners as they swept the Toronto Maple Leafs in three games in the final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

David Paterson

David Alexander Paterson (born May 20, 1954) is an American politician and the 56th Governor of New York. He is the first black governor of New York and the first legally blind governor of any state. He became governor when Eliot Spitzer resigned. Due to Paterson becoming governor, two black governors are serving at the same time for the first time in more than 100 years; as Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts is also African American. He chose not to run for governor in February 26, 2010.


1972–73 NHL season

The 1972–73 NHL season was the 56th season of the National Hockey League. Sixteen teams each played 78 games. For the first time since the collapse of the Western Hockey League in 1926, the National Hockey League had serious competition. A new professional hockey league, the World Hockey Association, made its season debut with 12 new teams, many of which were based in the same cities as NHL teams. Unlike the Western Hockey League, though, the new World Hockey Association would not challenge for the Stanley Cup. In response to the new league, the NHL hastily added two new teams in an unplanned expansion, the New York Islanders and Atlanta Flames, in an attempt to exclude the WHA from newly constructed arenas in those markets.
The first thing the WHA did was sign Bobby Hull, and the Chicago Black Hawks sued, claiming
a violation of the reserve clause in NHL contracts. Others soon followed Hull to the
WHA, including Bernie Parent, J.C. Tremblay, Ted Green, Gerry Cheevers and
Johnny McKenzie. In the expansion draft, the New York Islanders and Atlanta Flames made their picks and eleven Islander players skipped off to the WHA. The California Golden Seals, chafing under the unorthodox ownership of the unpopular Charlie Finley, were
also a victim of the WHA, losing eight key players.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"


Justified (album)

Justified is the debut album by pop entertainer Justin Timberlake. The album has famous singles like "Rock Your Body", "Cry Me A River", and "Like I Love You". The album was released in November of 2002. The album also has various guest appearances featuring in Timberlake's songs.



Rock Your Body

Rock Your Body is the 3rd single off the debut album by pop singer Justin Timberlake called Justified. It was written by Timberlake and The Neptunes. He performed the single at the Super Bowl XXXVIII with Janet Jackson.

1947–48 NHL season

The 1947–48 NHL season was the 31st season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 60 games. The Toronto Maple Leafs were the Stanley Cup winners. They defeated the Detroit Red Wings four games to none. This season saw the introduction of a new trophy – Art Ross Trophy – that would be handed out to the player who scored the most points during the regular season.

"GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
<br>
"Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"
"GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
"GP = Games Played, TOI = Time On Ice (minutes), GA = Goals Against, SO = Shutouts, GAA = Goals Against Average"
"All dates in 1948"

Boston Bruins vs. Toronto Maple Leafs

"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 1"

New York Rangers vs. Detroit Red Wings

"Detroit wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs

"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

"GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points"

Duffy

Amiee Ann Duffy (born 23 June 1984), usually known as just Duffy, is a Welsh singer, songwriter and actress from Bangor, Gwynedd. Her first album, "Rockferry", sold more than 6.5 million copies. "Rockferry", and a song from the album, "Mercy", both reached number one on the UK music charts. Her second album did not sell very well, with only 200,000 sold in the UK. In 2009 she made an advertisement for Diet Coke. The ad caused problems because she is shown riding a bicycle at night without a helmet or lights. Journalist Luke Lewis described the ad as "...blank, sterile and mildly unsettling."


Funeral for a Friend

Funeral for a Friend (often known as FFAF) is a Welsh post-hardcore band. They have released five studio albums. The band was formed in 2001.


Chicago Spire

The Chicago Spire was a skyscraper project that was being built in Chicago, Illinois, however, because of financial problems, the project was never finished. 

It would have stood high with 150 floors and been the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. When originally proposed as the Fordham Spire in July 2005, the design had 116 stories, included a hotel and condominiums, and was topped with a broadcast antenna mast.

However, interest in the Chicago Spire site has risen, drawing in at least a half-dozen offers for the property. The developer was considering a bid to take back control of the property, reigniting hope that the 2,000 ft. skyscraper may actually be built. In 2014, a Chicago court ruled in favor of not building the skyscraper thus abandoning plans of it being constructed. 

On 4 November 2016, ownership of the property the tower was being built on was given to Related Midwest. In 2018, it was revealed that Related Midwest will build two skyscrapers at the site of the Spire. The Gateway Tower, a proposed tall condo, is proposed to be built on the site of where the Spire would have been built.

Rickrolling

Rickrolling is an internet meme that involves playing a trick on someone by tricking them into listening to Rick Astley singing his 1987 song, "Never Gonna Give You Up". It was first seen on 4chan and is called a "bait and switch". A "bait and switch" happens when the prankster gives a website to someone saying that the website address (which is somehow hidden) is about something else. When the victim clicks the link, they see the music video and have been "rickrolled" or "rickroll'd".

As rickrolling has grown in popularity, two of the many videos online have been watched over 13 million times each.

On October 27, 2008, at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, Astley himself performed a live rickroll. He came out during the singing of "Best Friends" by the cast of "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends" and sang "Never Gonna Give You Up". At the end of the song, one of the characters said "I love rickrolling!"

On February 23, 2010, the most viewed Rickroll video was deleted.

On July 29, 2021, the "Never Gonna Give You Up" YouTube video reached a billion views.

Astley recorded "Never Gonna Give You Up" in 1987 on his album "Whenever You Need Somebody". This song was his debut single and was a Number One hit for him on many international charts like the Billboard Hot 100, Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks and UK Top 40 charts. It was also Astley's first music video which features him performing the song while dancing.

Rickrolling is said to have begun as a spin-off of an earlier prank called "duckrolling", which was when a link was supposed to lead to a picture or news story but would really link to an edited picture of a duck on wheels. The victim was then said to have been duckrolled. The first instance of rickrolling happened in May 2007 on the 4chan video game board, where a link to the video was said to be a copy of the first trailer for Grand Theft Auto IV. The joke was confined to 4chan for a short time.

By May 2008, Rickrolling had become an internet hit or phenomenon and very soon rickrolling was being covered on mainstream media. A poll in April 2008 by SurveyUSA guessed or estimated that at least 18 million American adults had been rickrolled. Many still consider Rickrolling to be one of the longest lasting meme and the prank is still commonly used.

On April Fools' Day 2008 and the weeks after, many instances of Rickrolling showed up on the internet, and news media. All of the featured videos on Youtube's main page hyperlinked to the Rickroll. The prank showed up on international YouTube portals before showing up on the main page.


Stable

A stable is a building for livestock animals such as horses or cows to live in.

A stable often has a loft where food such as hay can be kept to feed the animals in the winter. The stable may be divided into enclosures or stalls to keep the animals separate.

A stable is most likely to be built near a farmhouse.

According to the Christian Bible, the baby Jesus was born in a stable. He was wrapped up and put to sleep on the straw in the feed bin (the manger).

Dagne Groven Myhren

Dagne Groven Myhren (born 19 September 1940) is a Norwegian writer, folk musician and a professor of Scandinavian studies at the University of Oslo. She has written about Norwegian literature, science and folk music. She is outspoken in protecting Norwegian culture, places and music.

She has helped J.P.Ekgren with writing a book in English about the poetry style called Stev. The book is "Aslak Brekke og visune hans". 

Aslak Brekke

Aslak Brekke (October 6, 1901 – February 13, 1978) was a Norwegian vocalist of stev (a type of Scandinavian poetry which is sung). He was also a singer of folksongs. Brekke was born in Vinje, Telemark. He was the first folksinger to sing on a radio broadcast to all of Norway. 

In 1945, Brekke sang at an important concert in the ceremonial hall (the "Aula" ) at the University of Oslo. He also made a recording of the song "Ståle Storli", together with Eivind Groven ( harmonium ). 


Mutiny

Mutiny is a when a group of people get together to openly oppose, change, or remove the people or person in authority. It usually means a group of soldiers trying to remove their officers, or a group of sailors on a ship trying to remove the captain. The group of people that mutiny are called mutineers.

During the Age of Discovery, mutiny meant open rebellion against a ship’s captain. This happened during Magellan’s journey and one mutineer was killed. Another mutineer was executed and 2 others were put on land and left there. After a mutiny on Henry Hudson’s "Discovery", Hudson and several others were left in the ocean in a small boat.

Mutiny is still treated as a very bad crime. Mutineers are punished and may even get the death penalty.






Printmaking

Printmaking is making art by printing pictures, normally on paper. The advantage of printmaking is that lots of the same picture can be printed. This is called a print. Each print is not a copy, but an original, since it came from the same source (not like painting or drawing).You can also use different types of techniques to start the print.

Pictures for prints can be cut into plates of metal, usually copper or zinc for engraving or etching; stone, used for lithography; blocks of wood for woodcuts, linoleum for linocuts and fabric plates for screen-printing. Prints may also be published in books by the artist.


Old master print

An old master print is a work of art made by a printing process. Most of the old master prints were made by 1830 and no new ones came after. The main techniques used to make an old master print are woodcut, engraving and etching. Sometimes, old master prints are printed on paper, but rarely.

Many great European artists, such as Albrecht Dürer, Rembrandt, and Francisco Goya, were printmakers.


Web color

Web colors are colors used in designing webpages, and the ways for describing and listing those colors.

There are several ways to choose colors for parts of webpages. Colors may be listed as an RGB "triplet" (a set of three numbers, red, green, and blue) in hexadecimal format (a "hex triplet", rr, gg, bb). An RGB triplet can make 16,777,216 different colors. Standard colors can also be chosen by their common English names. Often a color tool or other graphics software is used to create color values.

The first versions of Mosaic and Netscape Navigator used the X11 color names as the base for their color lists. This was because they both started as X Window System applications.

Each web color has its own definition, sRGB. This relates to the chromaticities of a single phosphor set, a given transfer curve, adaptive whitepoint, and viewing conditions. These have been chosen to be similar to many real-world monitors and viewing conditions. Even without color management, the colors created are fairly close to the given values. However, user agents can be different in the fidelity with which they show the colors. Better user agents use color management to create better color fidelity. This is important for Web-to-print applications.

A hex triplet is a six-digit, three-byte number used in HTML, CSS, PHP, JS, SVG, and other computer programs, to represent colors. The bytes represent the red, green and blue parts of the color. One byte represents a number from 00 to FF or 0 to 255 in decimal notation. This represents the least (0) to the most (255) intensity of each color component. The hex triplet is formed by concatenating three bytes in hexadecimal notation, in the following order: 
For example, consider the color where the red/green/blue values are decimal numbers: red=36, green=104, blue=160 (a grayish-blue color). The decimal numbers 36, 104 and 160 are similar to the numbers 24, 68 and A0 respectively. The hex triplet is obtained by combining the 6 hexadecimal digits together, 2468A0 in this example.

Formulated in 1997, there were originally 16 colors. Orange was added later to make a total of 17. The original 16 were part of something called the "Windows VGA template", meaning that they are the colors that can be used for actions like highlighting.

The table below contains all 140 of the HTML colors. All modern browsers support them. 

These are called "X11 web colors" since the invention of the World Wide Web in 1991.

This chart shows selected HTML and X11 colors as well as selected unofficial consensus web colors developed by web designers since 2002. When entering code using the unofficial colors, the hex code of the color must be specified instead of writing the name of the color. 

Warner Music Group

Warner Music Group is a record label from New York City. It is one of the "big three" record labels; the others are Sony and Universal. It started as Warner Music Group in 2003, but several Time Warner companies had existed before then.

Warner Music owns a few record labels, including Atlantic Records, Elektra Records, Parlophone, Roadrunner Records, Warner Bros. Records, and Reprise Records 

In late 2008, Warner Music group had big legal troubles with video site YouTube. They had wanted more money for the music videos they had on the site, but YouTube said no, and Warner Music Group took off all their music videos. In September 2009, both Warner Music Group and YouTube decided on a new amount of money.

Aslak Brekke og visune hans

They were performed (or sung / recited) by Aslak Brekke, a master of the artists of "kveding" (the art of performing stev)


OpenOffice Base

OpenOffice Base is the database module released with OpenOffice version 2.0 and later. Currently it is based on the HSQLDB database engine written in Java.

The HSQLDB developers have suggested only 76% of the target has been met in the 1.8.0 release, which is the version that was integrated (merged) with OOo 2.0. They have been asking for contributions to complete all the feature targets, since the inner database engine is an independent project with no outside funding.

OpenOffice users, however, can choose to connect to an external full-featured SQL database such as MySQL, PostgreSQL and even Oracle through ODBC or JDBC drivers. OpenOffice Base can then act as a GUI frontend for SQL views, table design and query. In addition, OpenOffice has its own Form wizard to create dialog windows for form filling and updates.

Starting with version 2.3, Base will offer report generation based on Pentaho software.

Released under the terms of the Apache License, Base is free software.



Mozilla

Mozilla can mean:

It can also refer to the platform (“Gecko” and other things) on which these programs are built:


Mozilla Foundation also makes Bugzilla.

Mammary intercourse

Mammary intercourse (also titfuck or tittyfuck) is a sexual activity. People may do it during foreplay. It is also done as a safe sex alternative to anal or vaginal sexual intercourse (fucking). It is non-penetrative sex. It involves exciting the penis using the breasts of the partner. 

In most instances, this sexual activity involves the man placing his penis between his partner's breasts. He then thrusts while the breasts are squeezed around the penis for more excitement. Mammary intercourse is sometimes combined with oral sex (blowjob). Sometimes mammary intercourse continues to the point of ejaculation. The semen can land on the breasts, face, or in the mouth of the partner. 
Some gay males may enjoy their partners breasts. They may engage in male-male mammary intercourse if the breasts are large enough.

Several slang terms refer to mammary intercourse. These slang terms include "titfuck" or "titty fuck" in the United States. "Tit wank" or "French fuck" are slang terms used in the United Kingdom.



Shams-ud-din Iltutmish

Shams-ud-din Iltutmish (died 1236) was the third Muslim sultan of the Delhi Sultanate who reigned from 1211 till his death in 1236. He was the third ruler of the Mamluk dynasty (or Slave dynasty). He was married to the daughter of Qutb-ud-din Aibak. He became the ruler after fighting against Qutb-ud-din's son. He is said to be the greatest ruler of the slave kings. He was a member of the Ilebar tribe. The first thing he did after becoming a sultan was make his kingdom larger. He also shifted his capital from Lahore to Delhi. He had to defend his empire against Mongol invasions. He also had to deal with Rajputs and conquered Rajasthan and Gujarat. He started a fast process of Islamization in Punjab and Haryana. Iltutmish stopped the Mongol attack in 1221 A.D led by Chenghiz Khan. He completed the Qutb Minar which was started by Qutb-ud-din Aibak. He also built the Quwat-ul-Islam mosque in Delhi.He died in 1236 A.D. He did not think his sons would be good rulers. He was succeeded by his daughter, Razia Sultan (also called Radiyya or Raziyya), as the next ruler of Delhi.

Lightweight

Lightweight might mean:


1951–52 NHL season

The 1951–52 NHL season was the 35th season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 70 games. The Detroit Red Wings won the Stanley Cup by sweeping the Montreal Canadiens four games to none.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

In the playoffs, Detroit finished 8–0, the first time a team had gone undefeated in the playoffs since the 1934–35 Montreal Maroons. The Wings scored 24 goals in the playoffs, compared to a combined 5 goals for their opponents.


Chris Osgood

Christopher John Osgood (born November 26, 1972 in Peace River, Alberta) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender that played a career total of 18 seasons in the NHL most notably with the Detroit Red Wings. He spent the first part of his career with Detroit, and then played for the New York Islanders and the St. Louis Blues during his 14-year NHL career before returning to Detroit in 2005. He has won three Stanley Cup championships in his career, all with the Red Wings, two of them while he was the starting goaltender. He announced his retirement on July 19, 2011 but will remain with the Red Wings organization.


Darren Middleton

Darren Middleton (born 4 October 1971 in Sydney, Australia) is the guitarist in the band "Powderfinger". He is also the lead singer for "Drag".

Middleton began playing guitar in high school where he enjoyed music by bands like Twisted Sister and AC/DC. He began playing in clubs around his hometown of Brisbane with his first band, "Sonic Tapestry". He formed his second band, "Pirate", with friends from high school. He met "Powderfinger" at a "Pirate" show and they asked him to play with them. Middleton played on all of "Powderfinger's" recordings. While playing and recording with them, he was also writing and recording with "Drag". They have released an EP and studio album.

Lochee

Lochee is a district of Dundee. Dundee is a city in Eastern Scotland. Lochee used to be a separate town but was surrounded by Dundee.

2008 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2008 Atlantic hurricane season is when many of the tropical cyclones formed in the Atlantic Ocean in 2008. The season started on June 1 and ended on November 30. Tropical Storm Arthur formed two days early on May 30, 2008. During the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season there was a total of sixteen named storms: 16 tropical storms, 8 hurricanes and 5 major hurricanes.

Tropical Storm Arthur formed near the Belize coast late on May 30, forming out of the interaction between a tropical wave and what was left of Tropical Storm Alma, which was a tropical storm in the East Pacific. Arthur made landfall in Belize on May 31. The system moved over Yucatán Peninsula slowly and dissipated on land early on June 2. When Arthur made landfall on Belize, it caused about $78 million USD worth of damage and killed 5 people.

Arthur is the first reported tropical storm to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981. Other systems have formed (such as Subtropical Storm Andrea in the previous year), but were subtropical. Some forecasters question whether Arthur's very short lifespan would have been reported and named in the years prior to today's technology. The formation of Arthur also marks the first time that a "named" storm formed in May for two consecutive years. It was also the third time in over 150 years of record.

Early on July 1, a strong and big tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa. By early the next day, a surface low developed and the wave became more organized. The National Hurricane Center upgraded the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to keep convection over its center for at least 12 hours. The depression organized further and developed two distinct bands of convection. Six hours after becoming a depression, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha, the second named storm of the season. The National Hurricane Center said that this tropical cyclone was predicted by up to a week in advance by many global computer models.

After some strengthening on July 6, Bertha was upgraded to a hurricane early on July 7 as satellite and microwave imagery indicated an eye feature had formed. It continued to strengthen that morning. Fast strengthening continued that afternoon and Bertha strengthened into a major hurricane with 125 mph (195 km/h) winds and a well-defined eye. The strengthening trend stopped early on July 8, due to wind shear, and Bertha quickly weakened back to a Category 1 hurricane that afternoon.

Bertha again began to quickly strengthen on July 9 as a new eye had formed and the system became more symmetrical. The NHC upgraded Bertha to a category two hurricane with winds of 105 mph (170 km/h) and stated that Bertha could strengthen further to a major hurricane again, but instead weakened into an 85 mph (135 km/h) category 1 hurricane. Bertha has become the longest-lived pre-August Atlantic tropical cyclone on record. On July 12, Bertha slowed in movement, and was close to becoming still and by July 13 this slow movement weakened the storm to tropical storm strength. On July 18, Bertha strengthened back to a hurricane as its forward motion increased. As it moved over cooler waters, it weakened a bit to a tropical storm late on July 19. It finally became extratropical on July 20 southwest of Iceland.

A disturbance off the Georgia coast slowly organized itself, and became Tropical Depression Three late on July 18. It strengthened into Tropical Storm Cristobal the next day. It continued to be near and parallel to the Carolina coast, though never making landfall. It became extratropical on July 23.

Dolly formed on July 20 from a tropical wave, which was located north of Honduras. Since it became a tropical storm right away it never became a depression while forming. Early on July 21 Dolly made landfall in the Yucatán Peninsula. The day after that it became a hurricane. Dolly moved northwest and for a little while it was a category 2 hurricane. Dolly weakened a little, back to a category 1 later that day. Very shortly after weakening Dolly made landfall in South Padre Island, Texas. Dolly died over in a very northwestern area of Texas on July 27.

Dolly killed a few people in Mexico and the United States, but in Guatemala Dolly killed at least 17 people. Damage was a little bit more than $1 billion.

A shear line stalled in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico in early August as troughing aloft dug into the northeast Gulf of Mexico. This energy aloft helped to organize a surface low along the shearline early on August 2, which slowly organized over the following day. It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining strength and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3. The storm made landfall in Southeast Texas near Port Arthur on the morning of August 5 as a strong tropical storm. As it moved inland, the system weakened into a tropical depression by afternoon. The depression weakened into a remnant low on August 7 while on land over Texas.

A strong tropical wave moved into the northeastern Caribbean in mid-August. It caused heavy rain across the Leeward Islands and into Puerto Rico before tracking westward, while unable to develop a low-level circulation although it was producing tropical storm-force winds. On August 15, a closed circulation was found and the system was named Tropical Storm Fay. Later that day Fay caused heavy rains on the island of Hispaniola causing a major flash flood threat. Fay crossed Hispaniola, Cuba, and hit south Florida beginning late on August 18, slowly tracking northeastward across the peninsula. High amounts of flooding happened in much of eastern Florida, along with some wind damage. After crossing into the Atlantic, Fay turned westward again and crossed northern Florida on August 22. As it zigzagged from water to land, it became the first storm in Florida recorded history to make landfall four times. Fay weakened into a tropical depression along the north coast of the Gulf of Mexico. Fay eventually weakened into a remnant low around noon on August 26 while located over Alabama.

A disturbance formed in the deep tropical Atlantic in the fourth week of August. It tracked westward into the Caribbean Sea where it encountered better conditions for cyclone development, and became a tropical depression on the morning of August 25, west of the Windward Islands. It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Gustav early that afternoon and into Hurricane Gustav early on August 26. It then weakened into a tropical storm on the evening of August 27. It re-organized further south into a strong tropical storm once again on August 28 before speeding up and hitting Jamaica. Gustav has killed 78 people in Haiti, the Dominican Republic, and Jamaica, while 7 are still missing in Haiti. On August 29, it strengthened back into a hurricane. On the morning of August 30, it was upgraded to a Category 3 major hurricane. After strengthening slowed for a few hours, another round of quick strengthening happened and Gustav was upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane during a hurricane hunter flight around 1pm (EDT), with 145 mph winds. Continuing to intensify, it became a 150 mph storm that afternoon near 5 P.M. EDT. Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba, firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del Río Province, causing severe damage, although it is difficult to predict how much damage it caused. It then emerged into the Gulf of Mexico weakening into a minimal 115 mph. It was expected to hit Louisiana so the mayor of New Orleans evacuated the city. At 8 a.m. CDT on the 2nd September it was reported to have weakened to category 2.

Hurricane Gustav made landfall in Louisiana on September 1, and quickly weakened over land. After weakening to a tropical depression September 4, Gustav was sucked into a cold front. Gustav was responsible for 138 deaths and up to $18 billion in damage.
Tropical Depression Eight formed on August 28 from a low pressure area east-northeast of the northern Leeward Islands. It was upgraded to a tropical storm later that day and named Hanna. On September 1, while Hanna was moving very near to the island of Mayaguana in the Bahamas, it was upgraded to Category 1 hurricane status. Hanna wandered around the southeastern Bahamas, weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated Haiti. Hanna moved rapidly northeastwards along the east coast of the United States as a tropical storm. Hanna changed into an extratropical cyclone as it moved offshore from Massachusetts early on September 7. At least 537 deaths have been blamed on Hanna, most in Haiti.

A tropical disturbance formed off the coast of Africa near the end of August. It moved south of Cape Verde and slowly strengthened. On September 1, It became Tropical Depression Nine while west of the Cape Verde islands and strengthened into a tropical storm later that day, when it was given the name "Ike". Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it did explosive intensification, as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an guessed pressure drop of 43 mbars, from 991 to 948 mbar; and a 24-hour pressure drop of 61 mbar, from 996 to 935 mbars. Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to a Category 4. It ripped across Great Inagua Island and Grand Turk Island, where 80% of the buildings on Grand Turk were seriously damaged or completely destroyed. It weakened to a strong Category 3 late in the afternoon of September 7 as it headed for landfall on the northeastern coastline of Cuba that evening. In addition, the storm killed at least 74 people in Haiti and 1 person in the Dominican Republic.

As Ike crossed Cuba on September 8, It weakened to a Category 1 hurricane and emerged into the Caribbean Sea, where it moved along or just off of the southern coast of Cuba. Ike killed 7 people as it effected nearly the whole county of Cuba. It made landfall on Galveston Island on September 13 as a strong category 2 hurricane, Its big size brought storm surge of over 12 feet from Galveston Island eastward into southern Louisiana. The Bolivar Peninsula was worst affected by the surge, while Galveston Island (where waves topped the seawall) and the Port Arthur areas also saw a lot of damage. Power was knocked out to most of the Houston area and windows were blown out of skyscrapers in downtown Houston. As Ike moved inland, it brought moderate flooding and wind damage during the Midwest and as far north as Pennsylvania. It became extratropical on September 14. At least 82 deaths have been blamed on Ike in the U.S., with 44 of them caused directly.

Damage from Ike is guessed at $31.5 billion (2008 USD), the third most damaging hurricane in U.S. history, behind Katrina in 2005 and Andrew in 1992. At least 166 deaths have been blamed on Ike, of which 82 were in the United States. It was the most damaging hurricane in Texas history. Ike was an extremely big and strong storm. At one point, the diameter of Ike's tropical storm and hurricane-force winds were 550 and 240 miles (885 and 390 km) making Ike one of the biggest Atlantic hurricane recorded. Ike also had the second highest IKE (Integrated Kinetic Energy) of any Atlantic storm in the past 40 years. Integrated Kinetic Energy is a measure of storm surge damaging potential, similar to the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, though the IKE is more complex and in many ways more accurate. On a scale that ranges from 1 to 6, with 6 being highest destructive potential, Ike earned a 5.2.

A tropical disturbance formed off the coast of Africa near the end of August. It tracked south of Cape Verde and slowly developed. On September 2, it became Tropical Depression Ten while south-southeast of the southernmost Cape Verde islands. The depression was upgraded to a tropical storm later the same day as it passed to the south of the Cape Verde islands. A few days later it weakened back to a tropical depression. On September 6 it dissipated in the open waters of the Atlantic.

A strong tropical disturbance tracked across the northeastern Caribbean Sea in the third week of September. It meandered around Puerto Rico and Hispaniola, dumping lots of rain across those islands causing a significant amount of damage, despite never developing a closed circulation. By September 24, it began to track northward away from the islands and into the open Atlantic water, and became a tropical storm on September 25. Kyle was upgraded to a hurricane during the afternoon of September 27. It continued northward and maintained hurricane strength until landfall near Yarmouth, Nova Scotia in Canada late on September 28. A few hours later, Kyle became extratropical as the cold waters of the Bay of Fundy took effect. In general, Maritimers were spared of the expected damage.
In the last week of September, a very large non-tropical system over the north-central Atlantic slowly moved westward away from the Azores. As it entered warmer waters, it slowly gained tropical characteristics and was declared Subtropical Storm Laura early on September 29. It became fully tropical the next day and was reclassified as Tropical Storm Laura. On October 1 it became "post-tropical" (in the forecaster's words) as it moved over cooler waters.
Tropical Depression Thirteen formed from a very small but well-organized low in the Bay of Campeche on October 6. It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph (100 km/h) winds that afternoon. Marco made landfall near Veracruz, Mexico the next morning at the same intensity. Marco dissipated that night as the small circulation moved inland. At one point, tropical storm-force winds were estimated to extend only 10 miles from the center, which makes it the smallest tropical cyclone on record, beating Cyclone Tracy.
Tropical Storm Nana formed on October 12 from a disturbance which had been drifting toward the northwest over the previous couple days in the middle of the tropical Atlantic Ocean roughly halfway between the west coast of Africa and the Lesser Antilles. The storm weakened into a remnant low on October 14. This is the first use of the name "Nana" since 1990.
A tropical disturbance in the eastern Caribbean Sea was in an area not expecting any development in the second week of October. While drifting across the region, upper-level winds calmed down enough for the tropical disturbance to strengthen and to develop into Tropical Depression Fifteen on October 13. It strengthened to Tropical Storm Omar the next day. Omar quickly strengthened into a 70 mph (110 km/h) storm that afternoon, and became a hurricane that night. It remained a hurricane through that night and it changed little in intensity through the next day, but that evening Omar intensified quickly and became a 115 mph Category 3 storm, and became a 125 mph (205 km/h) storm the next morning. Omar became a weak Category 4 early that morning. However, wind shear and dry air quickly weakened Omar to a minimal hurricane that afternoon as it raced towards the northeast at 26 mph (41 km/h). After dropping to tropical storm strength it became a hurricane again on October 17. It degenerated to a remnant low on October 18.
Tropical Depression Sixteen slowly formed off the coast of Nicaragua. It was not till October 14 that it was then called Tropical Depression Sixteen. After hugging the northern coast of Honduras (which did not let it strengthen), Tropical Depression Sixteen made landfall near midday on October 15. It dissipated inland that evening, never becoming a tropical storm. This storm caused up to $150 million in damage (2008 USD), and may have caused at least 75 deaths.
An area of low pressure stopped moving in the Caribbean Sea without showing tropical development for the first few days at the beginning of November. On November 5, the low pressure system became Tropical Depression Seventeen while just east of Nicaragua. The next day it became Tropical Storm Paloma. It was the first tropical storm to receive this female name. Paloma then made landfall in Cuba and moved slowly and quickly dissipated on November 9. The remains of Paloma were tracked till they came ashore of the Florida Panhandle. Paloma caused up to $315 million (2008 USD) in damage in the area Paloma affected.
The table on the right shows the ACE for each storm in the season. ACE is a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed, so storms that last a long time, as well as strong hurricanes, have high ACEs. ACE is only officially released for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots (39 mph, 63 km/h) or tropical storm strength. Subtropical storms are not included in season totals.

This is the list of names used for named storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2008. The list is the same as the 2002 list except for Ike and Laura, because Isidore and Lili were bad storms in 2002, and their names were retired.

On April 22, 2009, World Meteorological Organization retired the names "Gustav", "Ike", and "Paloma" from its rotating name lists. The names were replaced with "Gonzalo", "Isaias", and "Paulette".


Eruca sativa

Eruca sativa (syn. "E. vesicaria" subsp. "sativa" (Miller) Thell., "Brassica eruca" L.), also known as arugula or rocket, is a plant that can be eaten. It is a leaf vegetable with dark green, spiky, dandelion-like leaves and a strong, spicy, peppery flavor.


Edward Emerson Barnard

Edward Emerson Barnard (December 16, 1857 – February 6, 1923) was an American astronomer. He found Amalthea, a moon of the planet Jupiter. Barnard's star and Barnard's galaxy were named after him.

Barnard made a list of dark nebulae, the "Barnard Catalogue of Dark Markings in the Sky", or the Barnard Catalogue for short. The nebulae listed by Barnard have become known as 'Barnard objects'.

Solar wind

The solar wind is a stream of charged particles from the Sun. It is made of charged protons, electrons and plasma shot out of the Sun, and creates the heliosphere. The wind is shot out at hypersonic speed, so fast that it can travel the whole length of the Solar System, nearly one light year. 

The particles are dangerous to astronauts and spacecraft. The Earth's magnetic field absorbs or soaks up a lot of the solar wind causing the aurora, the Northern lights and Southern lights.

At a distance of more than a few solar radii from the Sun, the solar wind reaches speeds of 250 to 750 kilometers per second and is supersonic.

A disturbance in the solar wind is called a "solar storm". Sometimes it causes a geomagnetic storm. Such a storm in 1989 brought down the Quebec electric power grid and put the entire province in darkness. The largest recorded geomagnetic storm was in September 1–2, 1859. If we were to have another as strong as that one it might cause up to 2 trillion dollars damage. 

Solar wind also causes the tail of a comet. When the comet is close enough to the sun that the heat evaporates some of the comet's ice, the motion of the solar wind causes the resulting water vapor and space dust to stream away from the comet. Because it is blown by the solar wind, the comet's tail does not trail behind it, but always points directly away from the sun. 

The Solar Wind Composition Experiment of the Apollo program studied the atoms in the solar wind. 

Fireproof (movie)

Fireproof is a 2008 American drama movie from Sherwood Pictures. Stephen Kendrick co-wrote the movie with his brother, while serving as a producer. The supporting cast is made up of volunteers from Sherwood Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia, where the Kendrick brothers are associate pastors. The movie has Kirk Cameron as Caleb Holt in his first theater-released movie since 2001's "".

On May 21, 2008, Sherwood Pictures said that the movie would open in theaters on September 26, 2008. It was given an MPAA rating of PG for "thematic material and some peril".

"Fireproof" is the story of a firefighter, Captain Caleb Holt, who lives by the old firefighter's adage: "Never leave your partner behind". But, after seven years of marriage to his wife Catherine, their own relationship is failing. Neither one understands the pressures the other faces. Caleb claims that Catherine is too sensitive and "doesn't show me respect." Whereas she tells her hospital co-workers that he is "so insensitive" and that "he doesn't listen to me" and "doesn't understand my needs." As they prepare to file for divorce, Caleb's father challenges his son to commit to a 40-day test called "The Love Dare." Caleb starts it, but more for his father's sake than for his marriage.

When Caleb learns the book's daily challenges are tied into his parents' newfound faith, his already limited interest is made smaller still. Even though he wants to stay true to the promise to his father, Caleb becomes frustrated time and time again. He finally asks his father, "How am I supposed to show love to somebody who constantly rejects me?" When his father tells him that this is the love God shows to people, Caleb makes a life-changing commitment to love God. And, with God's help, he begins to understand what it means to truly love his wife. But, he is unsure if it's too late to "fireproof" his marriage.


"Fireproof" was filmed for 30 days over a two-month period between late October 2007 and December 14, 2007. The production was based on a budget of $500,000, which was more than $100,000 which Sherwood Pictures' had used to make "Facing the Giants". "Fireproof" was shot in sixteen locations, all of which were donated. Craig von Buseck of the Christian Broadcasting Network said that the movie was "beautifully shot in and around Albany, Georgia, home to Sherwood Church." The Albany Fire Department donated their fire station locations, trucks and even some of their crew for use during the filming. Stephen Kendrick said, "We’ve never claimed that our movies are Academy Award winning. [...] But we are trying to pursue excellence."

"Fireproof" is partnered with "Fireproof My Marriage", an organization created to strengthen and heal marriages. "The Love Dare", a book written by Alex and
Stephen Kendrick, is a major topic in the movie, being one of the main points of the plot. Alex Kendrick said in an interview that this movie would be "a drama/romance about marriage. Our goal is to reinforce God's intention for marriage."

With 50% of all marriages in the United States ending in divorce, "Fireproof" has been endorsed by many marriage-oriented organizations, some of them are FamilyLife, "The Marriage CoMission", "The Association of Marriage and Family Ministries", "Marriage Alive Communications" and "MarriageToday". The movie has been uniting many other marriage advocates from all over the United States.

"Fireproof" has been given very good reviews from Christian groups since it was first seen. Mitch Temple of Focus on the Family said that, "This brilliantly produced film radiates messages of authentic determination, faith and hope, even for those of us who have felt like giving up on our marriages." Michael Foust of the Baptist Press said that, "I walked into the theater without any expectations, but walked out after the closing credits believing I had just seen perhaps the most convicting and inspiring film I had ever viewed. Fireproof isn't just a great Christian movie. It's a great movie. Period."

While watching the movie for the second time, Steven Isaac of Plugged In said, "I was with my bride of 14 years. [...] All I wanted to do was hold her hand."

This movie has also been given mixed reviews from movie critics. Chris Willman of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the movie a "C," and said that, "the conversion subplot feels shoehorned into the more crucial marital doings, as if coming to Jesus might be just one of a long checklist of steps to restore sizzle to your marriage, right between buying roses and preparing a candlelit dinner."

Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" said, "While hardly sophisticated in its approach and certainly not polished in its technical elements, the movie does get its heartfelt message across with undeniable sincerity. Its success at the boxoffice, which will no doubt continue on home video, demonstrates that there's no shortage of filmgoers dissatisfied with cynical Hollywood product." Joe Leydon of "Variety" gave the movie a positive review saying "Cameron is genuinely compelling as Caleb, a work-obsessed firefighter on the verge of divorce from his neglected wife."

Before it was released, "Fireproof" made up 40% of all Fandango sales by Friday morning. In the week before opening, "Fireproof" had pre-sold more than $1 million in tickets. "Fireproof" was released on September 26, 2008 in 839 theaters. In its first weekend, "Fireproof" grossed over $6.8 million, putting it in fourth place at the box office. Through October 15, 2008, "Fireproof" had stayed in the top 10 movies in America. In its theater run, "Fireproof" earned about $33,415,129, more than tripling the lifetime earnings of the movie made before it, "Facing the Giants", and making it the 5th biggest Christian movie ever.



Mulan II

Mulan II is a Disney 2004 movie and the sequel to the 1998 animated movie "Mulan". It was directed by Darrell Rooney and Lynne Southerland, and features Mulan, and her new fiancé, Shang, on a special mission: getting the Emperor's three daughters across the country to meet their soon-to-be fiancés. The movie deals with arranged marriages, loyalty, relationships, making choices, trust, and finding true love. The entire cast from the first movie returned, except for Eddie Murphy (Mushu), Miriam Margolyes (The Matchmaker), Chris Sanders (Little Brother) and Matthew Wilder (Ling's singing voice). Murphy and Margolyes were replaced by Mark Moseley and April Winchell, and Gedde Watanabe does his own singing for the sequel.

Fa Mulan gets the surprise of her young life when her love, Captain (now General) Li Shang asks for her hand in marriage. Before the two can have their happily ever after, the Emperor assigns them a secret mission, to escort three princesses to Chang'an, China. Mushu is determined to drive a wedge between the couple after he learns that he will lose his guardian job if Mulan marries into the Li family. After the princesses unexpectedly fall in love with the Gang of Three, Mulan decides to help them escape the fate of marrying men they do not love. This contradicts the Emperor's orders and forces him to put Mulan's relationship with Shang into question. They are attacked by Mongolians, and the fate of China hangs in the balance.


Additional voices were provided by Jeff Bennett, John Goodman, Sherry Lynn, Tress MacNeille, Rove McManus, Liliana Mumy, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Kevin Michael Richardson and Steve Susskind.

The soundtrank contains songs from the movie performed by various artists, as well as portions of the movie's score composed by Joel McNeely. It was released on January 26, 2017 by Walt Disney Records.



Sherwood Pictures

Sherwood Pictures is a movie-making company based in Albany, Georgia. The company is a ministry of Sherwood Baptist Church. It is run by Alex Kendrick, the pastor of Sherwood Baptist Church.



Klik

klik is a system for software download and use on Linux.


Zero Install

Zero Install is a way to distribute and package software for Linux and Unix-like operating systems.
Currently, the only operating system to include Zero Install is Super Ubuntu 

Instead of the normal method of downloading a software package, extracting it, and installing it before it can be used, packages distributed using Zero Install need only to be opened and usually comes in Application Directory format (presented to the user as a single file).

Some advantages of Zero Install are:


Sentosa

Sentosa is a resort island at the south of Singapore. The island is well known for its beach, Fort Siloso and two five-star hotels. The island was used as a place to build a fort during World War II, by the British who ruled Singapore back then. Sentosa is also well known for its theme parks.

British Uganda Programme

The British Uganda Programme was a plan to give a piece of East Africa, owned by the British, to Jewish people to live in. The plan was made to help the Jews in Russia to find somewhere to live after the pogroms.

The offer was first made by British Colonial Secretary Joseph Chamberlain to Theodor Herzl's Zionist group in 1903. He said he would give them 5,000km of the Mau Plateau, Kenya.

The idea was brought up during Zionist Congress at its sixth meeting in 1903 in Basel. Many people disagreed with it. In the end the motion passed by 295 to 177 votes.

The plateau's high elevation gave it a low temperature, which was good for the European people. However, it was filled with lions and other dangerous animals. This problem made the Zionists politely refuse the offer for the land.


Frank Gardiner

Frank Gardiner (born francis Christie) (1830 – 1903) was a famous Australian bushranger. Gardiner used several different names during his life. He was leader of a gang that did one of Australia's biggest ever robberies. He is the only person ever exiled (sent away) from Australia. He was born in Scotland, and came to Australia with his family in 1834. They lived at Boro, near Goulburn, New South Wales.

Frank Gardiner was also called 'The Darkie'. He became a bushranger with John Peisley and robbed people on the roads near Cowra. In July 1861 he shot and wounded two policemen, Sergeant John Middleton and Trooper Hosie who had tried to capture him. He was captured but managed to escape. Trooper Hosie is thought to have taken a bribe and let him go. Gardiner and Peisley went to hide in the Weddin Mountains and joined up with other bushrangers John Gilbert and Ben Hall. The gang was able to move too quickly for the police to catch up because they had help from local people. On 15 June 1862 near Eugowra the gang robbed the gold coach and got away with £14,000. This is about $4 million in 2003 money value. This was Australia's biggest gold robbery. Other men in the gang were Daniel Charters, John Fordyce, John Bow and Henry Manns. The police were quickly at the scene of the robbery and began following the gang. The police found the horse used to carry the gold and recovered most of it. A couple of days later the police were able to capture Gardiner and two other gang members. The next day, six bushrangers led by John Gilbert, held up the police and released Gardiner. The police watched all Gardiner's friends very closely. Many were arrested. Gardiner and Kate Brown decided it was not safe to stay.

He moved to Queensland with his mistress, Mrs. Kate Brown. Kate was the sister of Ben Hall's wife. Together they opened a small shop and hotel at Apis Creek near Rockhampton. After Kate wrote a letter to her family the police found out where they were living. The police were able to find Gardiner and arrested him in February 1864. In court the jury decided he had not tried to kill police Sergeant Middleton, but that he was a robber. The judge, (Sir) Alfred Stephen, sent him to gaol for 32 years. There is a folk song called "Frank Gardiner". The first line is ""Oh, Frank Gardiner he is caught at last he lies in Sydney jail."" Kate Brown went to the Thames goldfields in New Zealand where she killed herself in 1868.

In 1872 Gardiner's lawyer organized a lot of people to write to the governor to get him to let Gardiner out of gaol. The governor, Sir Hercules Robinson, agreed that Gardiner had been given too many years in prison. Gardiner was released in 1874 on the condition that he left Australia. This decision caused a lot of arguments, even in the New South Wales parliament. It led to the end of the Parkes's government.

On 27 July Gardiner left Australia and by February 1875 he was in San Francisco. He ran a hotel called the Twilight Saloon. The Australian newspapers often had stories about him. He married a rich widow and had twin sons, some even writing he had died in a gunfight in Colorado in 1903. Most of these stories could not be proved. A lot of the gold stolen in the Eugowra robbery was retreived back by the police, Gardiner's share was never found. There are stories of unknown Americans digging on the site of Frank Gardiner's old house in 1910. Were these Frank's sons searching for the missing gold?


Razia Sultana

Razia al-Din (or: Razia Sultana, Radia, Radhia) (1205-1240) was a ruler of the Mamluk dynasty (Delhi) of the Delhi Sultanate. She was the first and last Muslim lady to rule Delhi. A Persian historian called her brave, kind and just. She was the daughter of Iltumish. She ascended the throne in 1236 A.D. But the nobles who did not like to be ruled by Razia soon killed her in a war. Her husband name was Malik Altuniya.

Caravaca de la Cruz

Caravaca de la Cruz is a city of the autonomous community of Murcia, in Spain. It has over 25,000 people.

Dhallywood

The Bangladeshi movie industry, popularly known as Dhallywood (a portmanteau of the words Dhaka and Hollywood), has been based in Bangladesh's capital, Dhaka, since 1956. As of 2004, it produced approximately 100 movies a year, with an average movie budget of about 6,500,000 Bangladeshi taka.

The Fray

The Fray is a rock band formed in 2002. The band's debut album How to Save a Life (album) was released September 2005. The Fray released 1 studio album, 2 live albums, and 2 EP's. The Fray created singles How to Save a Life, Over My Head (Cable Car), Look After You, Vienna, and All at Once.


1955–56 NHL season

The 1955–56 NHL season was the 39th season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 70 games. The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Detroit Red Wings four games to one in the best-of-seven final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"


Illustrator

An illustrator is an artist who draws. The drawings can be on books, internet webpages or other things. They can describe ideas or objects that are hard to describe with just words. A cartoon illustration can make a humorous essay funnier. Illustrators also helped greatly in times when many people could not read.

Scarborough, North Yorkshire

Scarborough is a town on the North Sea coast of North Yorkshire, England. 

According to an Icelandic Saga, it was founded by the Vikings around 966. There are remains of Roman, Stone Age and Bronze Age settlements, so it was obviously a natural place to put a settlement.

With a population of around 50,000, Scarborough is the largest holiday resort on the Yorkshire coast. Yorkshire County Cricket Club's second ground is at North Marine Road.

Local news and information is provided by the towns radio station Yorkshire Coast Radio.

The town is served by Scarborough railway station. 

Scarborough has four major roads serving the town; these also link it to other major towns and cities.

These roads can be got to from the M1 motorway, which runs from London to Scotland through the middle of Yorkshire. 

The town has fine arts and recreational facilities. Two theatres and two cinemas are popular. There are several museums: Woodend for art, The Rotunda for geology, Scarborough Art Gallery for the fine arts.

The Grade II listed Scarborough Spa complex is home to the Scarborough Spa Orchestra, the last remaining seaside orchestra in the UK.

Scarborough's fishing industry is still active, though reduced in size. The working harbour is home to a fish market with a shop and wooden stalls. Fresh, locally-caught seafood can be bought by the public. A seaweed farm has been in operation since 2018.

Scarborough

Scarborough is the name of several things. They include:




Fish farm

A fish farm is a place where fish are bred. In most cases, this is done for food. There are two basic types of fish farms:

The most common fish species raised by fish farms are salmon, carp, tilapia, catfish and cod.

There are many problems related to fish farming:

Mansion

A mansion is a large and often luxurious house. It can be big enough for an owner, his family, and their many servants. One of the definitions is a large, imposing house. It was originally the same as a rural manor house, the home of a feudal lord. When similarly large houses were built in cities they were called "mansions". A "country house" is a common type of mansion in England.

Some famous mansions include:









The Miserable Mill

The Miserable Mill is a book by Lemony Snicket. It is the fourth book in a series called "A Series of Unfortunate Events".

Violet, Klaus, and Sunny Baudelaire go by train to Paltryville to meet their new guardian at the Lucky Smells Lumbermill. When they arrive there, they find that it's a very boring place and that rather than being cared for by their new guardian, Sir, they must work in his sawmill with his mistraught and underpayed employees. After breaking his glasses, Klaus is sent to the optometrist (eye doctor) Dr. Orwell. He becomes hypnotized by Dr. Orwell, and causes an “accident.” Sir therefore threatens that if they cause any more accidents they will be sent to live with Shirley, who is really Count Olaf in disguise. Olaf’s plans fail, because Violet learns the word that undoes Klaus’s hypnosis. In the end, the Baudelaire orphans must go to the boarding school Prufrock Prep.

Mass Effect

Mass Effect is an award-winning 2007 science fiction video game published by Microsoft and developed by BioWare. It was released for the Xbox 360 and later on the PC. The game takes place in the year 2183. Players control an elite human soldier called Commander Shepard and are able to explore the galaxy on his or her spacecraft, the "SSV Normandy".

"Mass Effect" has a very detailed fictional universe, with many of the concepts based on real science. There are over 20 alien races the player can meet in "Mass Effect", with more planned for the sequels.

The game has a science fiction setting and explores themes such as space, racism, religion and the state of humanity. The main plot of the game involves the classic science fiction idea of robots or AI that have got out of control. According to the lead writer of Bioware, Star Wars, Aliens and Blade Runner were all influences on the games setting and plot.

"Mass Effect" is set 180 years in the future in the year 2183. According to the back story humans discovered some ancient technology on Mars. This enabled them to build faster than light spacecraft. With this technology humans explored the whole Solar System. Twenty years before the game begins human explorers find that Pluto's moon Charon, is really a Mass Relay. Mass Relays are the only way to travel from one distant end of the galaxy to the other. Mass Relays are ancient technology created by the Protheans, the now exctict race that once ruled the galaxy. This enables spacecraft and people to be sent across the galaxy.

Free and open-source software

Free and open source software (for short: FOSS, means free software and/or open source software) is software whose source code is open and available to anyone who wishes to:

These additional rights are generally granted to the user through the GPL, LGPL, or BSD license.


Free software movement

The free software movement is a software movement which aims to improve the user's rights on software and reducing proprietary (non-free) software through the use of operating systems such as Ubuntu. The movement is generally signified through open source software such as Mozilla Firefox, Mozilla Thunderbird, FileZilla and open source operating systems such as Linux and ReactOS. The movement is against non-free software that restricts the user's rights. Examples of non-free software include Microsoft Windows, Adobe Acrobat and UltraEdit.

The word 'free' is ambiguous in English. Here, it means 'free as in freedom', not 'free as a gift'. "It does not mean that the software is available at no cost". An example is, "think of free speech, not free beer."


How to Save a Life

How to Save a Life is a studio album by The Fray. The album was released in September of 2005. Singles include "How to Save a Life", "Over My Head (Cable Car)", "All at Once", and "Look After You". It was recorded in Bloomington, Indiana, a small city around 50 miles outside of Indianapolis.



How to Save a Life (song)

"How to Save a Life" is an alternative rock song off the album by The Fray called "How to Save a Life". The single contains various music videos. "How to Save a Life" was written by Isaac Slade and Joe King.

Mount Chimborazo

Mount Chimborazo is a mountain and an extinct volcano in Ecuador. Its last eruption is thought to have been over a thousand years ago.

The top of Mount Chimborazo is the farthest away from the centre of the Earth as is possible to get on land. Although Mount Everest is higher, Chimborazo is farther from Earth's center because the earth bulges at the equator.

OpenOffice Draw

OpenOffice Draw is a vector graphics editor and is part of the OpenOffice office suite. It has "connectors" between shapes, that are available in many types of line styles and allow people to build drawings such as flowchart. It also includes many features found in desktop publishing software.

OpenOffice users can also install the Open Clip Art Library, which adds a lot of flags, logos, icons and banners for general presentation and drawing projects. Linux distributions Debian and Ubuntu also have ready-to-use "openclipart" packages for easy download and install from their online software repositories.

Released under the terms of the Apache License, Draw is free software.




OpenOffice Math

OpenOffice Math is a tool for creating and editing mathematical formulas, similar to Microsoft Equation Editor and is part of the OpenOffice office suite. The created formulas can then be put into other OpenOffice.org documents, for example, those created by Writer. It allows multiple fonts and can export to PDF.

Released under the terms of the Apache License, Math is free software.




Tony Lazzeri

Anthony Michael Lazzeri (December 6, 1903 – August 6, 1946) was a Major League Baseball player, mostly for the New York Yankees. He is a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame. He won the World Series with the Yankees in 1927, 1928, 1932, 1936, and 1937.

Revolution Studios

Revolution Studios is a Los Angeles-based independent movie and television production company. It was founded on January 12, 2000 by Joe Roth. The company closed in 2007. In 2017, the company returned to production of movies with their release "".

Nose-picking

Nose-picking is the act of sticking a finger into the nose and digging inside. It is a taboo subject in most countries. It is considered to be very gross and disgusting despite being a very common habit. Nose-picking can also cause nose bleeds. Some people also eat boogers, which can be even more disgusting. If someone is seen picking their nose, it can be very embarrassing.


Adiabatic process

An adiabatic process is a thermodynamic process where a fluid becomes warmer or cooler without getting heat from, or giving it to, something else. Usually the temperature instead changes because of changes in pressure.

Adiabatic cooling is the usual cause of clouds. When warm, humid air rises due to convection or other cause, water condenses to make clouds, and in some cases precipitation. Convection also causes cold air to sink. This warms it adiabatically, often destroying a cloud and sometimes causing any precipitation to evaporate before hitting the ground.

If we take some fluids in an insulated system and expand or compress the system very fast, the system won't be able to gain or loose any heat (from outside of the system). (In reality, you can't get a perfectly insulated system. But in some cases, the heat transfer is so low that we can call them adiabatic process.)

From the first law of thermodynamics, we know that,

Here, formula_2 is the change of internal energy; formula_3 is the change of heat and formula_4 is the change of work.

Since there occurs no heat transfer in adiabatic process, the formula_3 becomes 0. So, for adiabatic process, the equation is,

Again, we know that formula_7.(formula_8;formula_9; formula_10; so, formula_7)

Here, formula_12 is volume; formula_13 is force; formula_14 is pressure; formula_15 is the area and formula_16 is the distance.

So, the equation stands as,

Which means, by doing work (changing volume), one can change the internal energy (and so the temperature) in a adiabatic process.

In the case of Adiabatic process (see the upper section), 

Again, in constant volume, the heat capacity of one mole gas is, 

Here, formula_20 is the change of temperature and formula_21 is the temperature।

But, in constant volume (as no work is done),

So,

From the first (1) equation, 

Now, the Ideal gas law for one mole gas is,

Here, formula_26 is the gas constant.

By differentiating the last equation,

Or,
formula_28

Now from equation (2), we get, 

Since, formula_30 (Mayer's relation),

Here, formula_32 is the heat capacity of gas at constant pressure.

Simplifying the equation (3),

If,
Then,

By dividing both sides of the equation (4) with formula_36 we get,

Integrating (Integration leaves a constant) the equation (5),

If we assume that,

We get,

Simplifying the equation (6),

This is the relation between pressure and volume in adiabatic process.

Oklahoma Land Run

The Land Rush of 1889, also known as the Oklahoma Land Run, was the first land run into the Unassigned Lands of Oklahoma.

Five Civilized Tribes

The Five Civilized Tribes is the term applied to five Native American nations, the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek, and Seminole, considered civilized by white settlers during that time period because they adopted many of the colonists' customs and had generally good relations with their neighbors.

Anadarko, Oklahoma

Anadarko is the county seat of Caddo County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 5,745 at the 2020 census.

Petroleum industry

The petroleum industry includes the global processes of exploration, extraction, refining, transporting (often by oil tankers and pipelines), and marketing petroleum products. The largest volume products of the industry are fuel oil and gasoline (petrol). 

Cyrus Avery

Cyrus Stevens Avery (1871–1963) was known as the "Father of Route 66". He created the route while a member of the federal board appointed to create the Federal Highway System, then pushed for the establishment of the U.S. Highway 66 Association to pave and promote the highway.

U.S. Route 66

U.S. Route 66 (also known as Route 66, U.S. Highway 66, The Main Street of America, The Mother Road and the Will Rogers Highway) was a highway in the U.S. Highway System. One of the original U.S. highways, Route 66 was established on November 11, 1926. However, road signs did not go up until the following year. The famous highway originally ran from Chicago, Illinois, through the U.S. states of Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California, before ending at Los Angeles, running a total of . It was replaced by freeways starting in the 1950s and stopped being a highway in 1985.


Kata

Kata (型, 形 means: "the form") is a Japanese word which is used in some martial arts and theatre (as kabuki). In karate, this word describes a simulation of combat—the sequence of movements—which is given in detail and is trained individually or in group. Before learning it, the martial artist has to try the training of basic technique called "kihon".

Such simulation represents a sequence of movements, the attack and the defence in an imagined combat. Every attack must be made as if there were an opponent in front of the karateka (the karate fighter) in order to reach him, and every defence must be made as if the opponent attacked in a real situation of danger. Every movement has an interpretation. The karateka has to show the consideration for its timing and ability to use it.

The goal of the "kata" is help in the development of the qualities and the abilities both psychological and of the body. These abilities are necessary for the real combat.

Punch

Punch might mean:

DSLinux

DSLinux is a port of the Linux operating system to the Nintendo DS platform. It requires only a device capable of writing to a DS Game Cart.

DSLinux is not the same as DSL (Damn Small Linux.)

DSLinux has been criticized, some of these thing are for:



VM (disambiguation)

VM is an abbreviation that may stand for:


Virtual machine

A virtual machine is a program on a computer that works like it is a separate computer inside the main computer. The program that controls virtual machines is called a hypervisor and the computer that is running the virtual machine is called the host. The hypervisor controls how the virtual machine can access memory, hard drive space, and other resources on the host computer. Virtual machines can be created through software known as virtualization software (such as VMware Workstation and VirtualBox).

There are many reasons to run a virtual machine:


GNewSense

gNewSense is a free software-only Debian based distro. The project aims to contain only free software in their distribution.


Melon-headed whale

The Melon-headed Whale ("Peponocephala electra") is a mammal of the oceanic dolphin family. 

It is closely related to the Pygmy Killer Whale and the Pilot Whale. These dolphin species are known by the common name "Blackfish". The Melon-headed Whale is widespread throughout the world's tropical waters, although it is not often seen by humans because it prefers to live in deep water.

Nilgai

The Nilgai ("Boselaphus tragocamelus") is an antelope found in Asia. It commonly seen in India, Bangladesh, Nepal and eastern Pakistan. The mature males appear ox-like and are also known as blue bulls. The nilgai is the biggest Asian antelope.

The species was described in 1766.


Boys Like Girls

Boys Like Girls is an American alternative-pop rock band formed in Boston. In 2006 Boys Like Girls's self-titled first album was released. They are mostly famous for the songs "Thunder", "Hero/Heroine", "Five Minutes to Midnight", and "The Great Escape".

Current members
Former members


Helenus

Helenus is a person in Greek mythology.

Helenus was the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy. His twin sister was Cassandra.

Kikones

The Kikones or Cicones were a tribe of Thracians. They lived in the area which is now in Greece and Turkey.

At the time of Odysseus their stronghold was the city of Ismara (or "Ismarus"), near Mount Ismara, on the south coast of Thrace.

Novell

Novell Inc. () is a global software corporation based in the United States specializing in enterprise operating systems such as SUSE Linux Enterprise and Novell NetWare; identity, security and systems management solutions; and collaboration solutions. Together with WordPerfect, Novell was instrumental in making the Utah Valley a focus for high-technology software development. Today this area has many small companies whose employees have previously worked at Novell.



Continental climate

Continental climate is a climate that is characterized by winter temperatures cold enough to support a fixed period of snow cover each year, and is not arid or semi-arid. Summers are hot or warm.

In the Köppen climate classification, this climate is split into "Dfa" (hot summer, no dry season), "Dfb" (warm summer, no dry season), "Dwa" (hot summer, dry winter), "Dwb" (warm summer, dry winter), "Dsa" (hot dry summer) and "Dsb" (warm dry summer).

Dfa cities include Chicago, Volgograd or Toronto.

Dfb cities include Warsaw, Moscow or Montreal.

Dsa cities include Salt Lake City or Bishkek.

Dsb cities include Helsinki or Spokane.

Dwa cities include Beijing or Seoul.

Dwb cities include Vladivostok or Calgary.

American Indoor Soccer League

The American Indoor Soccer League or AISL originally considered itself a minor indoor soccer league. In the 2005-06 season, they recognized themselves as a major soccer league.

U.S. Highway 66 Association

The U.S. Highway 66 Association was organized in Tulsa, Oklahoma in 1927. Its purpose was to get U.S. Highway 66 paved from end to end and to promote tourism on the highway.

Cultural heritage

Cultural heritage, often called "national heritage" or just "heritage", is the legacy of artifacts and attributes, activities or events of a group or society that are left by past generations.


Storm Prediction Center

The Storm Prediction Center (SPC), in Norman, Oklahoma, is part of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction.

Tribal chief

A traditional tribal chief is the leader of a tribe, or the head of a tribal form of government. A tribal chief is also called a Chieftain.

Megalodon

Megalodon is a theoretically extinct species of shark and was the largest of all time, as far as we know. Its scientific name is Otodus megalodon (meaning "big mouth"). It lived from the early Miocene to the Pliocene epochs, 23 to 3.6 million years ago (mya). It is not closely related to the present-day great white shark.

Megalodon had teeth, which are among the largest ever found, over long. Nicolaus Steno was the first to recognize the teeth as those of a giant shark. Paleontologists calculate that the shark was up to long with average length of 17 meters (56 feet) It weighed up to 48-103 metric tons. Recent teeth have been found dating back to 11,000 years ago.

Fossil records of "O. megalodon" indicate that it occurred in deep to tropical latitudes. Before the formation of the Isthmus of Panama, the seas were relatively warmer. This would have made it possible for the species to live in all the oceans of the world.

"O. megalodon" lived in many marine environments (i.e. continental shelf waters, coastal upwelling, swampy coastal lagoons, sandy littorals, and offshore deep water environments), and moved from place to place. Adult "O. megalodon" were not abundant in shallow water environments, and mostly lurked offshore. "C. megalodon" may have moved between coastal and oceanic waters, at different stages in its life.

Megalodon hunted large and medium-sized whales, attacking the bony areas, such as chest, fins, or tail. This would stop the whale, or it could kill quickly with a fatal bite to the chest region. The megalodon bite is considered one of the strongest bites in the animal kingdom’s history.

Its great size, high-speed swimming capability, and powerful jaws coupled with formidable killing apparatus, made it an apex predator eating a range of fauna.

Fossil evidence is that "C. megalodon" preyed on cetaceans (i.e., dolphins, small whales, and "Odobenocetops", and large whales, (including sperm whales, bowhead whales, and rorquals pinnipeds, porpoises, sirenians, and giant sea turtles.

Marine mammals were regular prey targets for megalodon. Many whale bones have been found with clear signs of large bite marks (deep gashes) made by teeth that match those of megalodon, and various excavations have revealed megalodon teeth lying close to the chewed remains of whales, and sometimes in direct association with them. Fossil evidence of interactions between megalodon and pinnipeds also exist. In one interesting observation, a megalodon tooth was found lying very close to a bitten earbone of a sea lion.

Megalodon is now considered to be a member of the family Otodontidae, genus "Otodus". Megalodon's older classification into "Carcharodon" was due to dental similarity with the great white shark. Most authors now think this is due to convergent evolution. The great white shark is more closely related to the extinct broad-toothed mako ("Isurus hastalis") than to megalodon. The dentition in those two sharks is similar, whereas megalodon teeth have much finer serrations than great white shark teeth. The great white shark is more closely related to the mako shark ("Isurus" spp.), with a most recent common ancestor about 4 mya. Those who still think megalodon and the great white shark are more closely related, argue that the differences between their dentition are minute and obscure.

Dust Bowl

The "Dust Bowl" is a phrase used to describe prairie regions of the United States and Canada in the 1930s. The Dust Bowl spread from Saskatchewan and Manitoba to the north, all the way to Oklahoma and parts of Texas and New Mexico in the south. 

In these areas, there were many serious dust storms and droughts during the 1930s. These caused major damage to the Dust Bowl areas' economies, ecology, and agriculture. The dust bowl was the worst man-made disaster in U.S history. It was many dust storms that happened for years.

The dust bowl was also suffered by many Canadians, and probably by many Mexicans.

The people who lived in the Dust Bowl area were mostly farmers. Many years of intensive farming without rain left the soil dry. When strong winds blew, they covered cities, towns, and farms in dried, dusty soil, ruining the farmland. 

One famous storm on April 14, 1935, called "Black Sunday", was so bad it covered dozens of cities in black clouds of dust and made it impossible to see the sky or even a few feet ahead. Writer Timothy Egan says that the Black Sunday storm "carried away twice as much dirt as was dug out of the earth to create the Panama Canal."

The Dust Bowl period is still considered one of the worst environmental disasters in United States history. Many thousands of people died from breathing in the dust, or from starvation. Many others who survived lost everything they had, and left the Dust Bowl to look for work in other parts of the country. These people were called "Dust Bowl refugees."

In the days of the bison, grass was anchored into the ground and its leaves eaten. With farming the plants were dug up wholescale.

The seriousness of the Dust Bowl disaster later led to greater use of crop rotation, reforesting and other techniques to preserve the quality and quantity of topsoil in American and Canadian farms. Many songs, books, and works of art were created to tell stories of the people affected by the dust storms. Some of the most famous of these works are the novels "The Grapes of Wrath" and "Of Mice and Men", by John Steinbeck, the songs of folk music singer Woody Guthrie, and the photography of Dorothea Lange, who took pictures of many Dust Bowl refugees and their families.

Photo gallery

Passionfruit

The Passionfruit (also spelled passion fruit) is a small, spherical fruit. It is purple when ripe, and green when not ripe. The fruit contains many small, black seeds covered with the fruit's flesh. It is tart and sweet. The seeds can be eaten on their own or used for various cooking recipes. Passion fruit is not a very common fruit in England. In Venezuela, the juice of passionfruits are common drinks.

Mosasaur

Mosasaurs were large, predatory marine lizards of the Upper Cretaceous. The first fossil Mosasaur, "Mosasaurus hoffmanni", was found in the Netherlands in 1776. It was named in 1822 by W.D. Conybeare.

For the last 20 million years of the Cretaceous period after the extinction of the ichthyosaurs and pliosaurs, mosasaurs became the dominant marine predators. They became extinct at the K-Pg event at the end of the Cretaceous period, about 66 million years ago.

The first specimen was found in a chalk quarry in Maastricht, Holland. It was found by a German army surgeon, Johann Hoffmann, who collected fossils for the Haarlem Museum. During a struggle for ownership, the skeletal parts went to the museum, whilst the skull stayed with the owner of the land, who refused to let anyone see it.

The true identity of the monster was explained by Georges Cuvier. In 1795 French troops were outside Maastricht, and Cuvier arranged for the large skull to be saved when they stormed the town. 

Thousands of fossils have been found, from every continent. There are about 40 known species. Most skeletons have been found in North America in chalk laid down in the Western Interior Seaway.

An interesting fact is that ichthyosaurs had died out by the middle of the Upper Cretaceous, and plesiosaurs and sea-going crocodiles were in decline. The reasons for this are not known. It is this large marine predator niche that mosasaurs occupied. They flourished in the later Cretaceous, only to become extinct at the K/T extinction event.

The type species was estimated to be 33' (10m) long. "Mosasaurus" had four paddle-like limbs on a long, streamlined body and a long, powerful tail. The large head had huge jaws, up to 4 ft (1.2 m long) with many teeth. The jaws could open about 3 feet (1 m). The lower jaw is loosely hinged to the skull with a moveable joint on each side (behind the teeth). This loose joint let it swallow huge prey. They would have hunted fish, turtles, molluscs, and shellfish. Ammonites have been found bearing mosasaur teeth marks.

The smallest-known mosasaur was "Carinodens belgicus", which was about to long and probably lived in shallow waters near shore, cracking molluscs and sea urchins with its bulbous teeth. Larger mosasaurs were more typical: mosasaurs ranged in size up to . "Hainosaurus" holds the record for longest mosasaur, at .

The large size of mosasaurs, like whales, meant they were more likely to be warm-blooded than cold-blooded.

Many other genera of mosasaur have since been found, for example, "Tylosaurus". "Mosasaurus maximus" was found at Onion Creek, Texas. All have the same general body style and pattern of life, though some, like "Prognathodon", had crushing teeth for dealing with shellfish. Present thought is that their closest living relatives are the monitor lizards.

Nevermind

Nevermind is the second studio album by the American rock band, Nirvana. It was released on September 24, 1991 by DGC Records. It was produced by Butch Vig and was the first release by the band on the record label. It was also the first release with drummer Dave Grohl.

Even though it wasn't thought to have been very popular before its release, "Nevermind" was a very big success. On January 11, 1992, it had reached number one on the US "Billboard" 200. The main single, "Smells Like Teen Spirit" was very successful and reached number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The three other singles were: "Come as You Are", "Lithium", and "In Bloom". "Nevermind" was selling up to 300,000 copies a week between 1991 and 1992.

"Nevermind" has sold over 30 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling albums ever. "Nevermind" helped to make both grunge music and alternative rock popular. It has been known as one of the greatest albums of all time.

Nirvana was a rock band from Aberdeen, Washington, formed by Kurt Cobain (vocals and guitar) and Krist Novoselic (bass guitar) in 1987. They first signed to the Seattle record label Sub Pop. The band released their first album on this label called "Bleach" in 1989 with Chad Channing on drums. Channing left Nirvana after this album in 1990, and the band needed a drummer. After seeing punk band Scream, Cobain and Novoselic liked the drumming by Dave Grohl. When Scream broke up after this, Grohl joined Nirvana as the drummer.

During the start of the 1990s, Sub Pop was having a difficult time with money. Because of this, Nirvana looked for a new record label. They ended up signing with DGC Records

The first name for the album before its release was "Sheep". This came from the kind of people Cobain thought were going to buy the album (sheep is a word meaning someone who does what other people do). The title was later changed to "Nevermind" as it was what Cobain thought about bad things in his life.

The album cover of "Nevermind" shows a naked baby (Spencer Elden) swimming underwater with a U.S. dollar bill on a fishhook. This is just out of the baby's reach. Cobain wanted to have a photo of a water birth on the cover but the record label wouldn't let him.

Timothy McVeigh

Timothy James McVeigh (April 23, 1968 – June 11, 2001) was a United States Army veteran and security guard who bombed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. He was convicted of 11 United States federal offenses, and was sentenced to death and executed for his role in the April 19, 1995 bombing. Immediately prior to his execution, McVeigh observed the Last Rites with a Catholic priest.

Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building

The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States Federal Government complex at 200 N.W. 5th Street in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The Murrah building was opened in 1977. It was the target of the Oklahoma City bombing on April 19, 1995 which damaged the building very badly. It was later imploded and turned into a memorial.

Conviction

In law, a conviction is the verdict that results when a court of law finds a defendant guilty of a crime. The opposite of a conviction is an acquittal (i.e. "not guilty"). A minor conviction is a warning conviction, and it does not affect the defendant but does serve as a warning. In Scotland there can also be a verdict of "not proven", which counts as an acquittal. A convicted person is also called a convict.


Oklahoma City bombing

The Oklahoma City bombing was a terrorist attack on April 19, 1995 on the U.S. government. The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States, was attacked by Timothy McVeigh. The truck bombing destroyed much of the building. As a result it had to be demolished. McVeigh and Terry Nichols detonated a truck bomb, killing 168 people and injuring over 800 people. Until the September 11 attacks, it was the deadliest act of terrorism in the US.

Reservoir

A reservoir is a lake that is usually man-made (meaning it was made by people). Reservoirs are used to store water for various uses like drinking or making electricity. There are also natural reservoirs, which means they were made by nature. 


Terry Nichols

Terry Lynn Nichols (born April 1, 1955) is a U.S. Army veteran who was convicted of being an accomplice of Timothy McVeigh, the man convicted of murder in the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building (Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, April 19, 1995), which killed 168 people.

Cimarron County, Oklahoma

Cimarron County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The 2020 census shows it has the least people of any county in Oklahoma. As of 2020, 2,296 people lived there. Its county seat is Boise City.

Cimarron County was made in 1907.

The county has a total area of 1,841 square miles.

Lethal injection

Lethal injection is injecting a person, particularly a dangerous criminal with poison, usually a fatal dose of drugs so the person will die. This is usually done as capital punishment. It is the main way to execute prisoners in the United States. The idea of lethal injection was first suggested in New York in 1888, but Oklahoma was the first place to make a law that said it could use it in 1977. Texas was the first state to actually use lethal injection for an execution. This first happened when Charlie Brooks was executed in 1982. Thirty-four US states now use it for capital punishment. Other countries to use it are China, Taiwan, and Guatemala.

Lethal injection is usually done by using three chemicals. The chemicals are usually sodium thiopental (an anesthetic), pancuronium bromide (used to paralyze the person being injected), and potassium chloride (to stop the heart so that the person being injected dies). In the United States, a chemical shortage has made some states have to wait to inject criminals. Other states have changed what chemicals they use.


Jim Inhofe

James Mountain "Jim" Inhofe (born November 17, 1934) is an American politician from Oklahoma. He was the U.S. senator of Oklahoma from 1994 to 2023. In February 2022, Inhofe announced his retirement effective next year.


List of United States senators from Oklahoma

Oklahoma was admitted to the Union on November 16, 1907. The 2 senators from this state are in 2 different classes. A class gets re-elected every 2 years. For example, Class 3 got re-elected in 2010, Class 1 got re-elected in 2012, and Class 2 got re-elected in 2014. Then the cycle will start over with Class 3 getting re-elected in 2016.

Tom Coburn

Thomas Allen Coburn (March 14, 1948 – March 28, 2020) was an American politician and medical doctor. A member of the Republican Party, he served as a U.S. Senator of Oklahoma from 2005 to 2015. He was nicknamed Dr. No because of he blocked many spending bills many times.

He announced in January 2014 that he would leave the senate at the end of the 113th United States Congress and submitted his resignation letter to Governor of Oklahoma Mary Fallin.

Coburn died on March 28, 2020 in Tulsa, Oklahoma from prostate cancer, aged 72.

Bixby, Oklahoma

Bixby is a city in Tulsa and Wagoner counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma, and is a suburb of Tulsa.

Midwest City, Oklahoma

Midwest City is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area.

Council–manager government

The council-manager government is one of two main variations of representative municipal government in the United States that began in Staunton, Virginia in 1908. This system of government is used in the majority of American cities with populations over 12,000. When a city has a "council-manager" form of government, the elected city council usually hires a city manager to oversee the day-to-day management of the city employees. In these cities, the position of Mayor is either a ceremonial position, or does not exist.

Mayor–council government

The Mayor-Council government system, sometimes called the Mayor-Commission government system, is one of two variations of government most commonly used in modern representative municipal governments in the United States.

Strong-mayor is a form of mayor-council government. It is made up of an executive branch and a legislative branch. Both branches are elected by the people. The executive brance is usually a city mayor. The legislature is usually a city council.

Oklahoma Rose

Oklahoma Rose is a hybrid tea rose. It was developed in 1964 at Oklahoma State University by Herbert C. Swim and O. L. Weeks. In 2004, the Oklahoma Rose became the official state flower of Oklahoma.

Okemah, Oklahoma

Okemah is the county seat of Okfuskee County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 3,074 at the 2020 census.

Coppo di Marcovaldo

Coppo di Marcovaldo (c. 1225 – c. 1276) was an artist who was born in Florence and worked in that part of Italy in the Late Medieval period. He painted large icons of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Christ Child, in the Byzantine style. His most famous work is the mosaic of the Last Judgement in the Baptistery of Florence. He also worked in the towns of Pistoia and Siena. There are only two paintings that are known to be by Coppo. One is in the Church of the Servants of Mary in Siena and the other is in the Church of the Servants of Mary in Orvieto. Another painting thought to be by Coppo di Marcovaldo can be seen in the Civic Museum in San Gimignano.



Powys

Powys, officially the County of Powys (Welsh: Sir Powys), is the largest principal area and county in Wales. It is named after the Kingdom of Powys which was a Welsh successor state, petty kingdom and principality that was founded during the Middle Ages following the end of Roman rule in Britain.

Modern day Powys covers the historic counties of Montgomeryshire and Radnorshire, most of Brecknockshire, and a small part of Denbighshire. With an area of about 2,000 square miles (5,200 km2), it is the largest unitary authority in Wales by land area and about the same size as the country of Trinidad and Tobago. It is bordered by English counties of Shropshire and Herefordshire to the east, Gwynedd, Wrexham and Denbighshire to the north, Ceredigion to the west and Rhondda Cynon Taf, Merthyr Tydfil, Caerphilly, Blaenau Gwent, Monmouthshire and Neath Port Talbot to the south.

The county's largest towns are:

It has the lowest population density of all the principal areas of Wales. Most of Powys is mountainous making north–south travel fairly difficult.

Cimabue

Cimabue, (c.1240 - c.1302), was a painter from Florence in Italy who worked in the Late Medieval period. His real name was Cenni di Peppi. He painted large icons in the Byzantine style and was the first great painter in the city of Florence. The only works of art that are known to be definitely by Cimabue are the mosaic of Christ in Majesty in Pisa Cathedral and two very large ruined frescos in the Church of St Francis in Assisi.

The most famous painting that is believed to be by Cimabue is the "Madonna of Santa Trinita" which is an altarpiece that was done for the Church of the Holy Trinity. It is now in the Uffizi Gallery in Florence. He is also believed to have painted two large crucifixes which hung in the Church of St Domenic in Arezzo and the Church of the Holy Cross (Santa Croce, Florence). The crucifix of Santa Croce was ruined in a flood and is now in the church's museum.

The biographer Giorgio Vasari wrote about Cimabue's life, 250 years after his death. He wrote that one day Cimabue was walking in the country when he saw a little shepherd boy scratching a picture of a sheep onto a rock. The drawing was so good that Cimabue went to the boy's father and begged that he might take the boy as his apprentice and teach him to paint. The boy was Giotto, who became a very famous painter, and who is thought of as the very first painter of the Italian Renaissance.


Pietro Cavallini

Pietro Cavallini (1259 – c. 1330) was a painter who lived and worked in Rome in Italy in the Late Medieval period. He may have also worked in Naples. He is thought of as one of the greatest painters of his day, but has never been as well known as Giotto from Florence, who was alive at the same time. This is probably because only two pictures by Cavallini still exist. One of them is a mosaic in the Church of Santa Maria in Trastevere. The other is a fresco in the nearby convent of Santa Cecilia in Trastevere. ("in Trastevere" means "in the part of the Rome that is across the Tiber River".)

The fresco at Santa Cecilia's is a large picture of the Last Judgement with Jesus sitting between rows of saints. Unfortunately, the room, which was quite tall, had a new level added, and the floor cut across the fresco. It is in ruins, but the parts that remain show that Cavallini was trying to make the figures that he painted look solid and three-dimensional like the frescos of Ancient Rome. Pietro Cavallini probably influenced the artists who travelled from Rome to work at the Basilica of St Francis of Assisi. It is not known if he painted any of the frescos there.



Lollapalooza

Lollapalooza is a music festival. It was started in 1991 by Perry Farrell, lead singer of Jane's Addiction, as a farewell concert for his band. It happened every year until 1997, then took a break until 2003. There was no 2004 Lollapalooza. In 2005, the festival started again, and kept going every year. From 2005, it has played as a weekend show at Grant Park in Chicago.


East Tyrol

East Tyrol (German: Osttirol) is a small part of the Austrian state of Tyrol, located in the east part of the state. The other part of the state is North Tyrol, which also belongs to Austria, but does not share a border with East Tyrol. 

East Tyrol borders Carinthia in the east, Salzburg in the north, South Tyrol in the west, Veneto in the south. Its capitals are Lienz and "the big brother" Innsbruck.

Gaillardia pulchella

Indian blanket ("Gaillardia pulchella") is a short-lived annual flowering plant native to the central United States. It is easily grown throughout the southeast. The flowers are bright red with a yellow rim and is slightly smaller than "Gaillardia aristata"but is very drought tolerant and even salt tolerant, thriving along coastal dunes.

Perineum

The perineum is the area of the human body found between the lower end of the vulva and the anus (in females); and the scrotum and the anus (in males). When a person reaches puberty, the size of the perineum is about one inch in length. During puberty, hair will grow around and on the perineum to protect it.

Inside the perineum-area are specialized muscles that perform functions of sexuality, erection and excretion.

Jar

A jar is a type of container, mostly used to store food. Jars are usually cylindrical, and are usually made of glass or clay.

Glass jars are able to be heated in microwave ovens.


South Tyrol

South Tyrol, also known by its Italian name Alto Adige (, , Southern Bavarian: "Sidtiroul"), is an autonomous province in northern Italy. Together with the province of Trento, it makes up the region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol. The province has an area of . About 511,750 people live there (2011). The capital of the province is the city of Bolzano. The borders are Graubünden and Lombardia in the west, Tyrol and Salzburg in the north, Trentino and Veneto in the south.

Although it is part of Italy, most of the population speaks German. Around a quarter of the population speak Italian, most of whom live in the two largest cities (Bolzano and Merano). Italian and German are both official languages. In parts of the province, a third language, Ladin, is spoken and official as well. "South Tyrol" is the most common name for the province in ancient English. German and Ladin speakers usually refer to the area as "Südtirol". The official name is the Province of Bolzano (in ; in ; in Ladin: "Provinzia autonoma de Balsan/Bulsan – Südtirol").

South Tyrol/Alto Adige is an autonomous province. It has its own legislature that makes many laws that are separate from those made by the Italian government. Luis Durnwalder has been the head of government since 1989. He belongs to the South Tyrolean People's Party, which has been governing since 1948.

The name "Alto Adige" comes from the river Adige. "Alto" means upper, because the upper part of the river flows through the province. 

The name was first created by the Napoleonic French to distinguish the Trentino area. It had then been reused by the Fascist regime from the 1920ies onwards.

The region was originally populated by Raetian population who was then latinized in the time of the Roman Empire. A profound Germanisation process took place after the invasion by Franks and Bavarians, from the 6th century onwards. Only a small part of the Dolomite's area is still inhabited by Ladin population. The region was part of the Crown Land of Tyrol and belonged to the multi-ethnic Habsburg empire of Austria-Hungary.

After the First World War, despite the fact that its inhabitants were almost entirely German-speaking, South Tyrol was assigned, against its will, to the Kingdom of Italy by the Treaty of Saint-Germain. The name was officially changed to "Alto Adige". This happened on the basis of the wishes of the Italian irredentists, who considered the Alto Adige as a geographical territory of Italy. When Benito Mussolini's Fascist party came to power in 1922, a period of oppression and marginalisation of the German- and Ladin-speaking minorities began. German was replaced by Italian in the public sphere, the German language was banned from public life and schools. The fascist government favoured instead the industrialisation of the province to attract Italian immigrants and to further carry out its Italianisation politics.

In 1939/40, the German and the Italian dictator, Mussolini and Hitler, came to terms and planned the resettlement of the non-Italian minorities into the Third Reich. In 1943, the German Wehrmacht occupied the region and established a regime of terror.

After World War II, on May 8, 1945, the "Südtiroler Volkspartei" was founded. It soon became the ruling political party in South Tyrol, gaining an absolute or relative majority since 1947. 

In the 2011 census, about 63% of the population belong to the German-speaking group, about 23% to the Italian-speaking group, and about 4% to the Ladin-speaking group (another 10% are immigrants from outside Italy).


Flag of Thailand

The Flag of Thailand has five stripes red, white, and blue. Red-white-blue stand for nation-religion-king, an unofficial motto of Thailand. The flag was made official on 28 September 1917 by a royal decree. The Thai name for the flag is ธงไตรรงค์ ("Thong Trairong"), which means "tricolour flag".

List of flag names

This is a list of names used for flags


Just Stand Up!

"Just Stand Up!" is a song featuring the vocals of an all-star group of pop and R&B performers, including this is the order in which they are listed on the cover Mariah Carey, Beyoncé, Mary J. Blige, Rihanna, Fergie, Sheryl Crow, Melissa Etheridge, Natasha Bedingfield, Miley Cyrus, Leona Lewis, Carrie Underwood, Keyshia Cole, LeAnn Rimes, Ashanti and Ciara. The song was made to make money for a charity called Stand Up to Cancer.

Sam Houston State University

Sam Houston State University is a university in Huntsville, Texas. It was named after Sam Houston, the founder of Houston, Texas.

Jeff Gordon

Jeffery Michael Gordon (born August 4, 1971) is a retired professional American race car driver in NASCAR. He is a four-time Nascar Cup Series champion, and a three-time Daytona 500 winner. When he drove in NASCAR, he was the driver of the #24 Chevrolet SS for Hendrick Motorsports. His main sponsor was AARP Drive to End Hunger, though his earlier sponsor was DuPont. He has 93 career wins, the third most of all NASCAR drivers. He and Hendrick Motorsports owner Rick Hendrick are the owners of Jimmie Johnson's #48 Lowe's Chevrolet, who has won five championships in a row from 2006 to 2010. Gordon has appeared in various popular media, including a self-titled video game, "Jeff Gordon XS Racing". He also appeared on the covers of "NASCAR 98", "NASCAR Thunder 2002", "NASCAR 09", and "NASCAR 06: Total Team Control" with Jimmie Johnson. Gordon also was in "Gran Turismo 5" to help players in NASCAR driving. In 2015, Gordon decided he was going to retire from driving in NASCAR. Since 2016, Gordon has worked for Fox Sports to help broadcast NASCAR Sprint Cup Series races. He currently works in the TV broadcast booth with Mike Joy and Clint Bowyer. 


Indiangrass

Indiangrass ("Sorghastrum nutans"), also called Indian grass, is a North American prairie grass, and is the official state grass of both Oklahoma and South Carolina.

Port Silt Loam

Port Silt Loam is the state soil of Oklahoma. This type of soil is reddish in color due to the weathering of reddish sandstones, siltstones, and shales of the Permian geologic era.

Common collared lizard

The common collared lizard or Oklahoma lizard, "Crotaphytus collaris", is a North American lizard that can reach a foot (30 cm) long in length (including the tail), with a large head and powerful jaws. It is the state lizard of Oklahoma.

Black Swallowtail

The Black Swallowtail ("Papilio polyxenes") is a species of butterfly. It is also called the American Swallowtail or Parsnip Swallowtail. It is found throughout much of North America.

The Black Swallowtail has a wingspan of 6.7 to 10 cm (2.7 to 4 in). The upper side of the male's wings is black. There are two rows of yellow spots along the edges of both wings. There is a small area of blue on the bottom wing between the two rows of yellow spots.On the bottom edge of the bottom wing, there is a red spot with a small black dot in the center. The upper side of the female's wings is black. There are two rows of light yellow spots along the edges of both wings. These spots are smaller than the male's. There is a large area of blue on the bottom wing between these two rows. The female also has the same red and black spot on the bottom wing as the male. The female mimics the Pipevine Swallowtail ("Battus philenor"). The underside of the wings is the same in both sexes. The top wing is black with two rows of yellow-orange spots. The bottom wing has two rows of orange spots with a blue area between them.

The Ozark Swallowtail ("Papilio joanae") and the Black Swallowtail were once thought to be the same species. Felix Sperling did an analysis of the Ozark Swallowtail's DNA. He suggested that even though the Ozark Swallowtail looks exactly like the Black Swallowtail, it is actually more closely related to the Old World Swallowtail ("Papilio machaon").

In North Dakota and southern Manitoba, the Black Swallowtail is thought to breed with the Old World Swallowtail. These hybrids are called Kahli Swallowtails. Kahli Swallowtails are either thought to be a separate species or a subspecies of the Black Swallowtail.

The Desert Black Swallowtail ("P. p. coloro") is a subspecies of the Black Swallowtail. It is found in southeastern California, southern Nevada, and western Arizona. It is similar to the male Black Swallowtail, but it has more yellow and the sexes look the same.

There are many similar species in the Black Swallowtails range.

The Pipevine Swallowtail is similar to the female Black Swallowtail. On the upper side of its wings it does not have any yellow spots. The bottom wing is a shiny, dark blue. It has one row of whitish spots in the middle of the bottom wing. The underside of the bottom wing has only one row of orange spots.

The Spicebush Swallowtail ("Papilio troilus") is similar to the female Black Swallowtail. It is usually larger. The upper side of its wings is black with one row of light greenish-blue spots along the edges of both wings.

The Ozark Swallowtail looks exactly like the Black Swallowtail. It can only be separated by habitat and host plant choices (the host plant is the plant that the caterpillar feeds on). It is found in woodlands. The host plants are Meadow Parsnip ("Thaspium barbinode") and Yellow Pimpernal ("Taenidia intregerrima").

The Old World Swallowtail has many different forms. The form "brucei" is very similar to both sexes of the Black Swallowtail. Form "brucei" is usually smaller. The black dot in the red spot on the bottom wing is not centered.

The Black Swallowtail ranges from southern Canada south to Florida and Costa Rica west to the Rocky Mountains and eastern Arizona south to Mexico and Peru.

The Black Swallowtail likes open habitats. It is found from sea level to high mountains. It is found in fields, meadows, deserts, marshes, near lakes and streams, farms, lawns, near cities, near roads, and gardens. It is rarely (unusually) found in forests or woodlands.

Humans have greatly helped the Black Swallowtail. They brought non-native carrot species from Europe to North America. The Black Swallowtail uses these plants as host plants. Before humans cut down forests, Black Swallowtail were rare. They were only found in small prairies, wetlands, and openings in forests. However, in the northeast, people are not farming as much as they used to. This is making the Black Swallowtail become less common in this part of its range.

The Black Swallowtail is seen from May to June in Canada. It is seen from June to August in the Colorado Mountains. In the eastern part of its range, it is seen from April to October and from February to October in Florida. In Arizona, it is seen from February to November. It has one brood (one group of offspring) in Canada and the Colorado Mountains. It has 2 to 3 broods in the rest of its range.

The Black Swallowtail flies very fast. Its flight is much quicker than other swallowtails. The Black Swallowtail flies closer to the ground than other swallowtails do. In cold weather, they will hold their abdomens above their wings. This keeps them warm. Usually, Black Swallowtails live about 10 to 12 days. Some however, can live up to 35 to 40 days.

Here is a list of food sources for the Black Swallowtail:


Males will also come to damp soil and mud to feed on minerals and moisture. This is called puddling.

The Black Swallowtail goes through complete metamorphosis.

The male forms a territory. The territory is usually on the top of a hill. The male will sit on high branches or other vegetation on the hill. He will defend his territory from other male Black Swallowtails. If other males come too close, he will chase them away. The female will fly to the top of the hill to look for a mate. A successful courtship lasts for about 40 seconds. An unsuccessful one lasts for about 100 seconds. Mating lasts for about 45 minutes. Females that do not want to mate will try to escape from males by flying high in the air and then quickly flying downward.

Female Black Swallowtails fly close to the ground to look for host plants. Females lay one egg per host plant. The eggs are laid on the leaves and flowers. The egg is yellow. It later forms a red ring around the center. It will also form a red top. It will turn dark gray just before hatching. It takes about 10 days to hatch. In a lab test, females laid a total of about 200 to 430 eggs. They laid about 35 to 50 each day.

The caterpillar will eat the leaves and flowers of the host plant. It makes no nests. The young caterpillar is black. It has a white spot in the middle of its body. This spot is called a saddle. It mimics a bird dropping. The older caterpillar is green. It has black bands with orange spots in each of the bands. The caterpillar has a special organ called an osmeterium. It is an orange, bad-smelling organ. It is shaped like a snake's tongue. It is kept behind the inside of the head. The caterpillar releases it to scare predators away. The caterpillar will reach a length of 5 cm (2 in). The Ozark Swallowtail caterpillar is similar to the Black Swallowtail caterpillar. It is usually greener, and the black bands are usually thinner.

The chrysalis hangs upright. There is a silk thread around the upper part of the chrysalis. This thread is called a girdle. The chrysalis is either brown or green. The Black Swallowtail will hibernate as a chrysalis.

Here is a list of host plants that the Black Swallowtail caterpillar feeds on:


Oklahoma! (song)

Oklahoma is the title song from and the finale to the Broadway musical "Oklahoma!" It is also the state song of Oklahoma.

Queens of the Stone Age

Queens of the Stone Age are a rock band from California, USA. They formed in 1997. The band has released five studio albums, three extended plays (EP), fifteen singles and one live/video album. Between 2003 and 2008, they were nominated for the Grammy Award four times. 


Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection

Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection (also known as WFC), was a service for the Wii and Nintendo DS. It was used on games that let a person play with people around the world.



Before Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection shut down, 6 other apps were discontinued. The Forecast Channel, News Channel, Everybody Votes Channel, Nintendo Channel, and the Check Mii Out Channel closed on June 27, 2013. Wii no Ma closed on April 30, 2012. Then, the Kirby TV Channel closed in October 2012.

The Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection was announced to be "easy to connect to, safe for everyone to use, and free". Features included worldwide matches, leaderboards, and tournaments. More features were available between people who friended each other with Friend Codes.

The Wii Shop Channel allowed people to download / buy games or software with Wii Points. You could buy Wii Points by Nintendo Point Cards or by Mastercard or Visa cards online. People could browse the Virtual Console, WiiWare, or Wii Channel sections. Buying Wii Points was disabled on March 26th, 2018. Buying new games or software in the channel shut down on January 30th, 2019. However, people could still install previously bought games, Wii System Transfer Tool, and "The Legend of Zelda:" "Skyward Sword" Save Data Update Channel. Nintendo announced a way to buy DLC, called Pay & Play. Games in Japan had Pay & Play support as WiiWare titles such as ", Kotoba no Puzzle Mojipittan Wii, and LONPOS."

Since March 16th, the Wii Shop Channel and the DS(i) Shop have been down for several days. The channels are in maintenance.

The DSi Shop allowed people to download apps and DSiware, like its Wii and DS equivalent. It shut down on March 31, 2017. Since March 31, the only thing available for download on the DSi Shop is the "Nintendo 3DS Transfer Tool." Lots of software is also in this shop, such as Flipnote Hatena. Flipnote Hatena has since been discontinued. 

The "Check Mii Out Channel" is a channel that allows people to share their Mii. It was first available on November 11, 2007. People can post their own Miis in the Posting Plaza, or import Mii's into their own Mii Parade.

In the contests, people can send their own Miis to compete in contests to fit a description (for example: Mario without his hat). After the time for submitting a Mii has ran out, the user can vote for three Miis featured on the panel, with ten random Miis being shown at a time. Once the judging is over, the results of the contest can be viewed. Their selection and/or submission's popularity in comparison to others is displayed, as well as the winning Mii and user.

The Check Mii Out Channel sends messages to the Wii Message Board about recent contests. People in some contests can add their user and submitted Mii to a photo with a background related to the contest theme. This picture can then be sent to the Wii Message Board. The Check Mii Out Channel was shut down on June 28, 2013.

The "Nintendo Channel" (also known as the Everybody's Nintendo Channel in Japan), is a Wii channel for the Wii. It was launched in Japan on November 27, 2007, North America on May 7, 2008, Europe and Australia on May 30, 2008, and was shut down on June 28, 2013. It allowed people who had the Wii to watch videos such as interviews, trailers, commercials, and to download game demos for the Nintendo DS. The channel gave information on games and people could rate games that they played. There was a search feature that people used to find games or software easier. The channel could take the user directly into the Wii Shop Channel to buy the game. The Nintendo Channel was updated with different DS demos and new videos every week, but the actual day of the week varied across different international regions.

An updated version of the Nintendo Channel was released in Japan on July 15, 2009, North America on September 14, 2009, and Europe on December 15, 2009. The update introduces a new interface and additional features, options, and statistics for users to view. The European version is missing some of these new additional features, such as options for choosing video quality. In addition, a weekly show known as "Nintendo Week" began airing exclusively on the North American edition of the channel, while another weekly show called "Nintendo TV", is available on the UK version of the channel.

"Mario Kart Wii" allows people to install the Mario Kart Channel. It allows people to check records and view tournaments. The channel works without the game disc inserted, but to compete in races and time trials, the game disc must be inserted.

Tournaments existed in the channel and made people who participated to finish objectives as fast as possible. People could compare their own times to other people. 

This channel allowed people to order food through Demae-Can. People could only get this channel in Japan. However, people have learned to sideload the channel by modding. When a person order something, a receipt gets sent to their Wii Message Board. People could use roulette mode in case someone couldn't find what they wanted to eat. The channel was released on May 26, 2009, and was discontinued on March 31, 2017.

A video channel was released in Japan on May 1, 2009, it was planned to be released in North America. The channel is built around a living room, where 8 Miis can interact with each other. The living room has a TV which shows the person various things.

The Nintendo Wii had Netflix starting on March 27, 2010. It was only for American and Canadian owners, but a Netflix disc was required to use the software. As of October 18, 2010, American and Canadian Wii owners could download Netflix as a channel without requiring a disc.

Netflix has been discontinued for the Wii on January 30, 2019.

The Nintendo Wii, DS and DSi can use the Internet with a downloadable web browser. The Nintendo Wii, DSi, and DS browsers runs on Opera. The Nintendo DS's web browser requires a DS card and a RAM expansion through the Game Boy Advance port.

The "Forecast Channel" first became available on December 19, 2006, and was shut down on June 28, 2013, due to the discontinuation of WiiConnect24 which it required. People were allowed to use the channel to see the current forecast, the UV index, today's overall weather, tomorrow's forecast, a 5-day forecast (only for the country you live in), and a laundry check (Japan only). Certain games like "Madden NFL 07", "", and "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games" could use the "Forecast Channel" to put custom weather conditions in-game.

The "News Channel" allows people to access news headlines and current events from the Internet. News articles are available on a globe view similar to the "Forecast Channel", and on the sidebar. The "News Channel" became available in North America, Europe, and Australia on January 26, 2007.

With the August 6, 2007 update, the "News Channel" shows an alert in the Wii Menu. However, not using the channel for some time will result in the alert not appearing, until the channel is opened. A December 20, 2007 update only released in PAL regions increased the number of news feeds to the channel, sourced from a larger number of news resources and agencies, providing more news that is available per country. As with the Forecast Channel, the "News Channel" is not available in South Korea. The "News Channel" was shut down on June 28, 2013, along with the Forecast Channel, due to both channels requiring the discontinued WiiConnect24 service.
The Message Board's online features are discontinued, along with the shutdown with WiiConnect24. People could leave messages, or other people on a calendar message board. Announcements of updates and video game news were posted by Nintendo. The Wii Message Board could be updated real-time by a game like "".

People that bought the Wii Speak microphone were able to use the Wii Speak Channel. They could access one of four rooms (with no limit in these rooms). Every person's avatar was their Mii, which lip syncs their words. People were also able to send voice messages to other people via the Wii Message Board. The Wii Speak Channel was first released on December 5, 2008 in both North America and Europe. "" was one of the few games that used the peripheral. 

The first Wi-Fi games were "Mario Kart DS" and "Tony Hawk's American Sk8land" for the Nintendo DS. Mario Kart DS released on November 14, 2005, and Tony Hawk's American Sk8land released on November 16, 2005. Some notable games that used the service include "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", "Pokémon Diamond and Pearl", "Pokémon Black and White" and "Pokémon Black 2 and White 2", "", and "."

The Nintendo DS has a wireless adapter built in allowing the DS to access the internet by a wireless network. The DS only supports WEP.

The Wii has a wireless adapter built in. The Wii supports security protocols WEP, WPA, and WPA2. The Wii can also be connected by a ethernet cable (with an adapter).

If there isn't a compatible Wi-Fi network, the DS and Wii can connect through the Nintendo Wi-Fi USB Connector. People were able to buy it from the Nintendo Online Store. The product has been discontinued since.

Nintendo made deals with hotspot providers to allow free access for Nintendo DS users. In 2005, Nintendo made an agreement with Wayport, Inc. to provide access in McDonald's restaurants across the U.S. In Canada, Nintendo had partnered with FatPort to create free hotspots.

Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection was discontinued on May 20, 2014. The shutdown is caused by Gamespy's closing. The Wii Shop Channel has been discontinued as of January 31st 2019, 6:00 PM UK time. People can continue to download the Wii U Transfer Tool and to download "The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword Save Data Update Channel" to update the game due to a glitch.

Wiimmfi, is a replacement service for Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection had opened 10 days before the shutdown. They first only supported Mario Kart Wii, but now support over 500 games.

RiiConnect24 restores WiiConnect24 functionality.


The Fratellis

The Fratellis are a Scottish indie rock band from Glasgow. They have released a #2 album on the United Kingdom album chart, one top ten album as well as three top 10 singles. They have also made a live DVD called "Edgy In Brixton".

Minority (song)

"Minority" was the first single from Green Day's album, "Warning". It was at #1 on the Modern Rock chart in late 2000.


AU Single:

7":
<br>Side A.

"Side B."

Warning (Green Day song)

"Warning" is a single from Green Day's 2000 album "Warning". It is the title track of the album. 

CD 1:

CD 2:

Warning / Minority AU Single:

7" Adeline:
Side A.

"Side B."

7" Reprise:
Side A.

"Side B."

Nice Guys Finish Last

"Nice Guys Finish Last" was a single released by the American punk band Green Day's fifth album "Nimrod". 

AU Single:

Hitchin' a Ride (Green Day song)

"Hitchin' a Ride" was the first single that American punk band Green Day released from their album "Nimrod" in 1997.


Proteus

Proteus (; Ancient Greek: Πρωτεύς, "Prōteus") is a sea-god or god of rivers and oceans In Greek mythology. It is one of several gods which Homer calls the "Old Man of the Sea" "(halios gerôn)". 

Proteus can change form, and only answers those who can capture him. From this comes the adjective protean, meaning "versatile", "changeable", or "capable of assuming many forms". "Protean" suggests flexibility, versatility and adaptability.

Crosby, Stills, Nash &amp; Young

Crosby, Stills & Nash (CSN) was an American folk rock supergroup made up of David Crosby, Stephen Stills and Graham Nash. They are known as Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young (CSNY) when joined by occasional fourth member Neil Young, who is from Canada.

Their songs include "Marrakesh Express", "Suite: Judy Blue Eyes", "Teach Your Children", "Ohio" (a protest song, against the Kent State shootings in early 1970), and "Just A Song Before I Go".

In the 1960s, Stephen Stills and Neil Young were members of another band, called Buffalo Springfield. Crosby was a founding member of The Byrds, and British-born Graham Nash was a member of The Hollies. Crosby was fired from the Byrds late in 1967, and the Buffalo Springfield disbanded the next year. Nash went to California, where the others lived and worked, when the Hollies visited there in 1968. Nash and Crosby had met earlier in England, and got back in touch in California. Crosby and Stills had worked together on two songs, called "Wooden Ships" and "You Don't Have To Cry". Performing "You Don't Have To Cry" for Nash, he joined in on harmonies, and the three noticed they had a special sound together. Nash moved to California, and the three formed a band. They signed a recording contract with Atlantic Records.

Stills and Crosby were free to work together, and record for Atlantic, but Nash still belonged to the Hollies, who had a contract with Epic Records. A trade was worked out, between Atlantic and Epic. In exchange for losing Nash, Epic Records got to sign up another Atlantic band, Poco, formed by Richie Furay from the Buffalo Springfield.

CSN's first album was released in the spring of 1969, and quickly became a hit. The cover showed Crosby, Stills and Nash sitting on a couch outside an abandoned house. (They did not sit in their name order; they had not yet named the group. When they decided on their name, they wanted to take another picture sitting in order, but the house had already been torn down.) Stephen Stills had played most of the instruments on the album, with Dallas Taylor playing drums. This worked fine for recordings, but not for live appearances. More musicians were needed. A keyboardist and bass guitarist were hired.

Atlantic Records president Ahmet Ertegün suggested Neil Young, who now had his own band called Crazy Horse, as another guitarist for the group. Stills wasn't sure if Young would work out, but gave him a chance. He fit in so well that CSN made him a full-time member, and added his name to theirs. Young was able to both play with CSN, and keep his own place with Crazy Horse. Their second show as a quartet was at the Woodstock Festival, in August 1969. They toured for the next several months, and released a second album, "Déjà Vu", early the next year. They made another performing tour, to support the album, which was also a huge hit.

The group was very successful, but its members had many different ideas, and could not always work well together. Tension grew between them, and they nearly disbanded. Young left to return to Crazy Horse, and tour with them on his own. Each of the four recorded a solo album during 1971, though, and each album became a hit. Nash and Crosby toured together, and Stills formed another band, called Manassas, with Chris Hillman of the Byrds. Another round of solo and duo albums was released during 1972, with Young's "Harvest" and its single "Heart Of Gold" becoming the biggest hits. Albums by the other members were not as successful, though they still sold well. Crosby and Nash got along very well, and worked together as a duo, while Stills joined Young and Crazy Horse to record Young's "War Song". Crosby also rejoined the Byrds, but the album they recorded together, "Byrds", was not a hit.

The four tried to reunite in Hawaii during 1973 to make a new album, "Human Highway", but things did not work out. Finally the next year, they reformed and started another tour, with a compilation album, "So Far", issued to give them something new to promote. Their shows ran longer than three hours, and there was sometimes trouble. Stills was abusing cocaine, and it made him hard to get along with. The same old tensions also came back. A new CSN&Y project was dashed when Stills and Young erased Crosby and Nash's vocals from the master tapes. Crosby and Nash went off on their own. Stills and Young formed The Stills/Young Band, and released an album, but even that did not work out.

Stills and Young toured together during 1975 and 1976. In July 1976, Young left suddenly between shows, sending Stills a telegram that expressed his unhappiness, and told Stills to "Eat a peach." Stills and Young each had to complete tour dates separately. Meanwhile, Nash and Crosby kept recording and performing together. They also sang background vocals for other artists, including James Taylor ("Mexico") and Joni Mitchell ("Free Man In Paris").

During one of their shows, Crosby and Nash were joined onstage by Stills, to perform "Teach Your Children". The three worked things out, and reformed their trio. "CSN" was released in 1977, and "Just A Song Before I Go" became a new hit single.

In the next years, the trio worked together off and on, and also as solo artists. Young's music had become very different from that of the other band members, and he mostly worked with Crazy Horse, but he did collaborate now and then with CSN. Crosby had his own cocaine problems during the 1980s, and ended up serving a prison sentence. He was able to stop abusing cocaine, as Stills had earlier. CSN's later songs included "Wasted On The Way". Nash rejoined the Hollies for a reunion album in 1984, and played shows with them, but the reunion was not a success.

CSN played in Berlin, Germany at the time the Berlin Wall was torn down, at the end of the 1980s. They also played shows during the 1990s and early 2000s, and their 2000 tour was called the "CSNY2K" tour. They recorded other albums, but they were not nearly the hits their early ones had been, and they worked with outside writers, instead of writing all their own songs. Atlantic Records cancelled their contract.

Crosby, Stills and Nash still work together and apart, with Crosby and Nash having the longest and strongest partnership. Neil Young continues on as a solo artist, with and without Crazy Horse, exploring many different kinds of music.


Sphenodontia

The Sphenodontia is a diverse group of reptile. It includes only one living genus, the tuatara ("Sphenodon"). An alternative name for the order is the Rhynchocephalia. 

They are an offshoot from the evolutionary line leading to the lizards and snakes. They had many families during the late Triassic and Jurassic periods but then declined. They are now are the least successful of the lepidosaurs. 

The only surviving member today is the New Zealand tuatara.

Marat Safin

Marat Safin is a retired professional tennis player from Russia. He was once ranked number 1 in the world. In 2000 and 2005, Safin won the US Open and the Australian Open, respectively. In 2002 and 2004, Safin played in the last round of the Australian Open, but lost. In 2008, Safin became the first Russian man to play in the semifinals in the Wimbledon Championships.

Born to a Tatar family, he learned tennis in Spain when he was a teenager.

Lleyton Hewitt

Lleyton Glynn Hewitt (born 24 February 1981) is an Australian former tennis player. He was born in Adelaide, South Australia. His father is retired Australian rules footballer Glynn Hewitt (born 1953).

Hewitt was ranked the No.1 in the world and was the youngest ever male player to reach this rank. He played for Australia in the Davis Cup. In August 2000, the Australian Government gave him the Australian Sports Medal. Hewitt won the US Open in 2001 and the Wimbledon Championships in 2002.

This table shows Hewitt's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles.

Redundant (song)

Redundant is a single by Green Day.

Brad Fitzpatrick

Bradley Joseph Fitzpatrick (born February 5, 1980) is an American programmer. He is best known as the creator of LiveJournal.


Zillertal

The Zillertal is the biggest valley branching off the Inntal in Tyrol, Austria drained by the river Ziller. It is surrounded by the strongly glaciated Zillertaler Alpen to the south and east, the lower grass peaks of the Kitzbüheler Alpen to the east and Tuxer Alpen to the west. The largest settlement is Mayrhofen.

The Zillertal is particularly renowned for its musical tradition. For instance, several families of travelling singers and organ builders from the valley have been credited with spreading the Christmas carol "Silent Night" across the world during the 19th and early 20th centuries. More recently, the Schürzenjäger band have had tremendous success in German-speaking countries with their crossover mix of "Volksmusik" and pop.

David IV of Georgia

David IV, also known as David II or David III, or David the Builder (Georgian: დავით აღმაშენებელი, "Davit Aghmashenebeli") (1073 – January 24, 1125), from the House of Bagrationi, was King of Georgia from 1089 to 1125.

Pope Victor III

Pope Victor III (; 1026-September 16, 1087), born Dauferius or Daufar, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 159th Pope from 1086 until his death in 1087.

Dauferius was born in the Lombardy region of Italy. 

When Dauferius became a Benedictine monk, he took the name Desiderius. He became the abbot of Monte Cassino.

In 1059, Abbot Desiderius was made a cardinal by Pope Stephen IX.

Despite frail health, he was elected pope in 1086.

In 1887, Victor was beatified by Pope Leo XIII.



Oklahoma (disambiguation)

Oklahoma is a state in the United States of America.

Oklahoma could also mean:

Polo

Polo is a sport. It is played between two teams of 4 players on horses, which are called polo ponies. The players try to score goals (points) by putting the ball in the goal. They use long mallets (long sticks). Polo was originally invented in Baltistan and later spread across the world by the British.

According to Austro-Hungarian ethnographic researcher Charles de Ujfalvy, Polo was originally invented in the country of Baltis in Baltistan (modern-day Pakistan). The word "Polo" itself is a Balti word which means Ball in the Balti language. Various forms of Polo, and similar sports, have been long played, traditionally, throughout a wide range covering Assam and Manipur areas of India, Kashmir, Nepal and Tibet, and the other valleys of Pakistan such as Gilgit, Hunza, and Chitral District and parts of Central Asia as well. In ancient Persia, "Chavgan", another form of Polo, was also played. It was only in the mid-19th century that colonial officers in British India began to play this sport and imported it to Britain, where the formal Hurlingham Rules were then laid down. Later, in the 1890s, Polo was also introduced to the United States.

There are two teams both with 4 players. They play on a field which is 300 yards long (about 275 meters) and 160 or 200 yards wide (about 146 and 183 meters). There are goalposts (long sticks in the ground) 8 yards (7.32 meters) apart at each end of the field. To score, the ball has to go between the other team's goalposts, which is called a goal.

The game is 4, 6 or 8 periods (units of time) of 7 minutes, which are called "chukkas". Between chukkas, players change ponies.

In a game there are 2 umpires on horses and a referee on the side.

Players are given a foul if they break the rules. These rules keep the horses and riders safe. One rule in polo is called the "line of the ball" or just the "line". The "line" is an invisible line between the ball and the player that has the ball. A player has the ball if they are the closest to make a play on the ball. The "line" is in the same direction as this player is traveling and extends as far as the player is able to safely stop their horse. If another player crosses the "line" (that is, if another player runs in front of the player who has the ball), they will receive a foul. This is a common foul because it is sometimes difficult for a player to tell where the invisible "line" is.

A common defensive play in polo is called "hooking". A player may hook an opponent by using their mallet to block an opponent's mallet while the opponent tries to hit the ball. Sometimes it is unsafe for a player to hook their opponent. As an example, reaching over or under the opponent's horse to make a hook is considered unsafe. An unsafe hook will cause the player to foul. If a player cannot safely hook their opponent, they may instead use a different defensive play called a "ride-off". A "ride-off" happens when a player uses their horse to push an opponent's horse away from the "line". This makes it difficult for the opponent to make a play on the ball. If the player crosses the line while trying to ride off their opponent, they will receive a foul.

If a player makes a foul, the opponent may get a penalty shot. Penalty shots are made near the goal and other players cannot block the penalty shot.

Each player has certain responsibilities:

The ponies are 14.2 to 16 hands (1 hand equals 4 inches or 10.16 centimetres). They weigh between 900 and 1100lbs-pounds- (about 408 and 499 kilos). Ponies can be ridden to play from the age of 5 up to 18 or even 20 years old sometimes. Polo ponies are not actually ponies because they are full-sized horses. Thoroughbreds are a common horse breed to use as polo ponies because they are fast and agile.

The players have a helmet (hard hat), riding boots, white trousers, a shirt with the player's number on. Sometimes players also have one or two gloves, knee-pads and a whip.

The ball is made of plastic. Before, it was made of wood. The ball is about 3¼ inches (8.3 centimetres) in diameter and weighs about four ounces (113.4 grams).

Polo saddles are English-style, similar to jumping saddles.

Polo mallets are used to hit the ball. Their shape is similar to normal mallets, but they are much longer. The shaft of the mallet is usually made of bamboo and the head is usually made of wood. Players hit the ball with the side of the mallet rather than the front.

Polo is not always played on ponies. Canoe polo, cycle polo, camel polo, elephant polo, golf cart polo, Segway polo, BMX polo, yak polo and water polo also exist. However most of these forms are not played at a professional level.



Word processor

A word processor is a computer program (often a text editor) or a special computer intended to edit texts with colours and different font sizes and styles, or texts which will be printed.

Most such programs now have helpful instruments (tools) to make good texts. Important instruments include spelling & grammar checker, word count (this also counts letters and lines). Moreover, with such programs one can make attractive documents, add pictures into documents, make webpages, graphs etc. Also, they show synonyms (similar words) of words and some can read the text aloud. Many word processors, similar to many new programs, have configurable printing facilities. Some of the more versatile ones are called Desktop publishing programs.

Examples include:

Atari Jaguar

The Atari Jaguar was a video game machine released by Atari in 1993. It was not a successful product and was Atari's last console. It also had a CD-based accessory called the Atari Jaguar CD.

The Atari Jaguar was sold at about the same time as the PlayStation, Sega Saturn and Nintendo 64, but it was not very popular as it did not have as many popular games as these other consoles. The graphics of Atari Jaguar games look a lot like the Sega Genesis, Sega Mega Drive or SNES games as it did not run 3D games as well as the Sega Saturn or PlayStation.

Google Picasa

Picasa is a software application for organizing and editing photos. It was first created by Idealab. The name "Picasa" is a blend of the last name of Spanish painter Pablo Picasso, the phrase "mi casa" for "my house" and "pic" for pictures. In July 2004, Google purchased Picasa and began offering it as a free download.

There was a version for Windows XP and Windows Vista, as well as a version for Linux. For Windows 98 and Windows Me, only an older version was available. There was also an iPhoto plugin or program for uploading photos available for Mac OS X 10.4 and later.

On February 12, 2016, Google announced it was "Moving on from Picasa" and the Picasa desktop application would be discontinued on March 15, 2016. Google stated that the primary reason for retiring Picasa was that it wanted to focus its efforts "entirely on a single photos service" the cross-platform, web-based Google Photos. 

Picasa Web Albums (PWA) was a photo-sharing web application created by Google and was similar to websites such as Flickr and . Picasa Web Albums was first announced on June 6, 2006. When introduced, it came with 250 MB free space. On March 7, 2007, it was upgraded to 1GB.

Users with accounts at Google could store and share 1GB of photos for free. Users were able to purchase more storage space with these plans:

Users could upload pictures and videos by using either a web interface, through Picasa 2.5.0 or later on Microsoft Windows, using the Exporter for iPhoto, the Aperture to Picasa Web Albums plug-in, or Uploader on Mac OS X, or F-Spot on Linux.

No ads were shown on Picasa Web Albums in either the free or paid accounts. The Terms of Service allowed Google to use the uploaded photos and videos to display on the website or via RSS feeds, and also for promoting Google services without needing to pay the users.

On February 12, 2016, Google announced they would retire Picasa Web Albums (also called Picasaweb) so they could focus entirely on a single photo service called Google Photos. The retirement of Picasa Web Albums was effective on August 1, 2016. All photos and videos formerly in Picasa Web Albums were moved by Google to an archived platform called Album Archive.

There are no versions of Picasa for Windows 95 or NT. The latest version offered for Windows 98/ME is 2.0.0 Build 18.84. The latest version for Windows 2000/XP/Vista/Windows 7 is 3.9 Build 141.259.
See also version 2 release notes and version 3 release notes 


Picasa for Mac was launched in 2008. A plugin was available for iPhoto to upload to the Picasa Web Albums hosting service. There was also a standalone Picasa Web Albums uploading tools for OS X 10.4 or later. Using Darwine or similar compatibility layers, however, Picasa can run on Mac OS X.

Failure

A failure (fail, or flop) is where a goal or mission is not completed. It can mean the opposite of success.

A commercial failure is a product that does not complete a goal.

Most of the items listed below had high expectations, but failed to be successful.


Product failure can be the failure to sell the product, or a problem with the product that may stop it from working after a while, or lead to the person using the product hurting themselves. The Edsel, a brand from Ford that was marketed in the late 50’s is one of the best known product failures and became closely associated with them. 

People who take tests or examinations will pass the test if they are successful. If they are unsuccessful they "fail" the test.

Telecommunication

Telecommunication (from two words, "tele" meaning 'from far distances' and "communication" meaning to share information) is the assisted transmission of signals over a distance for the purpose of communication. In earlier times, this may have involved the use of smoke signals, drums, semaphore, flags, or a mirror to flash sunlight. Starting with the telegraph, telecommunication typically involves the use of electronic transmitters such as the telephone, television, radio, optical fiber and computer.

Jim Keltner

Jim Keltner is an American musician (drummer). His career began in the early 1960s, playing at recording sessions for other musicians, and even for bands, including Gary Lewis and the Playboys.

Keltner played on recordings by members of The Beatles, after they disbanded. He and Ringo Starr played drums as a team during George Harrison's Concert for Bangladesh in 1971, and got along well. Keltner even played drums on some of Starr's solo records, and Starr was thought of as one of the best drummers in rock and roll music.

John Lennon counted on Keltner to play drums on his solo records, when Starr was not available. In 1973, he helped Lennon's wife Yoko Ono put a band together to record and tour with her.

Keltner toured the United States with George Harrison during 1974. He told Harrison he did not want to be paid to play on the tour. Harrison wanted to give him something for his work. Keltner was tired of driving his old car, so Harrison bought him a new Mercedes-Benz, as payment.

While Keltner had played for many artists and bands, he had never been a member of a band, until Little Village formed in the late 1980s.

Autopackage

Autopackage is a free computer programme aimed at making it simple to create other programs that can be installed on all Linux distributions.
Right now, the only operating system to include Autopackage is Super Ubuntu 


Marcy Levy

Marcella "Marcy" Levy (born June 21, 1952 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American musician and singer (soprano). She is well-known both under her real name, and as Marcella Detroit.

As Marcy Levy, she was a member of Eric Clapton's band in the 1970s, and wrote the song "Lay Down Sally", which was a hit for Clapton. She also sang with Randy Meisner and the Silverados in the early 1980s. She later moved to England, and renamed herself after her hometown.

As Marcella Detroit, she was a member of Shakespear's Sister, a duo with former Bananarama member Siobhan Fahey. They recorded two albums together, and several of the songs from the albums became hits. The two split during the recording of the third Shakespear's Sister album, in the mid-1990s.

She began a solo career as Marcella Detroit, but later went back to her original name. She appeared as an angel in "Absolutely Fabulous: The Last Shout".

Mastering (audio)

Mastering is the process of moving audio from recording device to the storage device. All copies after that are made from the master copy. Master recordings (usually called just "masters") can be made on discs, tapes, and computer data storage formats.

A multitrack master is an original multitrack recording, which may be worked on over time. This may have four, eight, sixteen or more tracks. This kind of recording cannot be played on an ordinary machine, and needs a special machine to be played or recorded.

Multitrack recordings are mixed when they are finished, into a mono (monaural), stereo, or Surround Sound recording. This is called a mixed master. Copies of the mixed master can be played on an ordinary machine.

Master recordings are often valuable, especially if the recording artist is popular. Most masters are owned by record companies, but many artists and bands own their own master recordings, or are able to buy them later.

Recordings are sometimes remastered, to copy them to another format, or to make them sound better. Digital recording allows for older analog recordings to be "cleaned up", and preserved.

National League East

The National League East is a division in the MLB. All of the teams are on the east coast of the U.S. In 2007, 2008, and 2009, the Phillies won the division; they also won the 2008 World Series. The NL East is known as one of the toughest divisions in the MLB.


Major League Baseball All-Star Game

In Major League Baseball, the All-Star Game is the game between the best players from the American League (AL) and the National League (NL). The game is held in July of each season. From 2003 to 2016, The winner of the game got home field advantage in the World Series. Prior to that, home field advantage alternated every year between the two leagues. Starting in 2017, the pennant winner with the better regular season record now gets home field advantage in the World Series. As of 2023, the American League has won 47 times, and the National League has won 44 times. There have been two ties.

Cognate

A cognate is a word from the same as another word. Cognates are words that have a common origin (). They may happen in a language or in a group of languages.

Example One:

Example Two:

The general rule is that cognates have similar meanings and are derived from the same root (origin). A fine example is the word for night in almost all Indo-European languages:

"nuit" (French), "noche" (Spanish), "Nacht" (German), "nacht" (Dutch), "nag" (Afrikaans), "nicht" (Scots), "natt" (Swedish, Norwegian), "nat" (Danish), "nátt" (Faroese), "nótt" (Icelandic), "noc" (Czech, Slovak, Polish), ночь, "noch" (Russian), ноќ, "noć" (Macedonian), нощ, "nosht" (Bulgarian), "ніч", "nich" (Ukrainian), "ноч", "noch"/"noč" (Belarusian), "noč" (Slovene), "noć" (Bosnian, Serbian, Croatian), νύξ, "nyx" (Ancient Greek, "νύχτα"/"nychta" in Modern Greek), "nox/nocte" (Latin), "nakt-" (Sanskrit), "natë" (Albanian), "nos" (Welsh), "nueche" (Asturian), "noite" (Portuguese and Galician), "notte" (Italian), "nit" (Catalan), "nuèch/nuèit" (Occitan), "noapte" (Romanian), "nakts" (Latvian), "naktis" (Lithuanian) and "Naach" (Colognian), all meaning "night" and being derived from the Proto-Indo-European nókʷts ("night").

Basic English uses cognates, such as animal, attention, night, apparatus, experience, brother, invention, metal, etc.

The word 'cognate' is derived from the Latin word 'cognatus' meaning 'to be born with'.

In reading Churchill's "History of the English Speaking Peoples", it would be well to keep in mind (remember) what George Bernard Shaw says: "England and America are two countries divided by a common language."

Speakers of British English and American English face the problem of meeting "false friends".

As a rule, similar-sounding words have the same meaning but when they do not, they are called "false friends".

Example one: Spanish 'actual' and English 'actual' are cognates because they have the same root (origin) but they are "false friends" because Spanish 'actual' means "of the present moment" while English 'actual' means "real".

Example two: German 'hell', Norwegian 'hell' and English 'hell' are not cognates, but are spelled the same. In German, 'hell' means 'light' and in Norwegian it means 'luck', while in English it means hell.

Sometimes, two words look alike and it appears that they are cognates but they are not because they are not derived from the same root.

Example one: In the English language, the word 'light' (something that makes things visible) is not a cognate of the word 'light' (not heavy) because they are not derived from the same root.

Example two: The German word 'haben' and the English word '' mean the same thing and they appear to be cognates but they are not simply because they are not derived from the same root.

Example three: The Japanese word 'okiru' 起きる and the English word 'occur' have the same thing happening as example two.


Wireless router

A wireless router allows the user of computers and other electronic devices to connect to a computer network using Wi-Fi.


Glyptodon

Glyptodon is a genus of glyptodont. It is part of the placental group of mammals known as Xenarthra. This order of mammals includes anteaters, tree sloths, extinct ground sloths, extinct pampatheres, and armadillos.

"Glyptodon" came from South America. A related genus, "Glyptotherium", first appeared in the south-west of the modern USA about 2.5 million years ago as a result of the Great American Interchange.

These herbivores (plant-eaters) would not have been vulnerable to the Sparassodont carnivores of the day. The native human population in their range is believed to have hunted them and used the shells for shelter in bad weather.


Stegodon

Stegodon is a genus of extinct elephant. They lived from the late Miocene to the late Pleistocene.

Fossils are found in Asian and African strata dating from the late Miocene. They lived in large parts of Asia, East and Central Africa and North America during the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs. 

Some "Stegodon" species were among the largest of all elephants. Some adults were 13 feet (4 m) high at the shoulder and 26 feet (8 m) long, not including 10 feet (3m) long nearly straight tusks. A few were much smaller, living on islands.

The teeth of "Stegodon" show that it was mainly a browser. As time passed, grassland increasingly took the place of forests, and browsers were at something of a disadvantage. No doubt, they were also hunted by early man.

Bakhshali

Bakhshali is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°17'0N 72°9'0E and has a height of 307 metres (1010 ft).

The village is famous for being the place where the Bakhshali manuscript was found. This is an ancient mathematical work written on birch bark and is the oldest surviving document in South Asia of Indian mathematics. It was discovered in 1881 during British rule by a tenant of Mian An-Wan-Udin, a police inspector. The tenant discovered it while he was digging in an abandoned building.

In March 2007 there were attacks made on music shops in Bakhshali. Two people were injured and one was killed in attacks by an unidentified extremist group who attacked the bazaar shooting and killing the watchman of the Seven Stars music centre.

In August 2007 the people of Bakhshali observed a strike against power cuts. They blocked the main Mardan to Bakshali road in protest. The protectors said that the power cuts were harming business and their children's studies. The village has also been affected by violence between the Taliban and the government; on 24 January 2008 the militants attacked the vehicle of former Health minister Syed Kamal Shah injuring his guard. The rebels have also been pressuring local people to stop listening to music as well launching bomb attacks in the area.

On 15 August a meeting of elders in Mardan decided to set up anti-Taliban group similar to one that has been stated in neighbouring Buner District. According to Shakoor Khan, an elder from Bakhshali who attended the meeting, "Before the Taliban resorts to torching more schools, we have decided to resist them".


Birch bark

Birch bark or birchbark is usually the bark of the paper birch tree or sometimes of similar trees such as gray (wire) birch.

Birch bark is useful because it is strong and water-resistant. It is similar in some ways to cardboard. And can be easily cut, bent and sewn. Because of this it has been very valuable for building, crafting, and writing material ever since ancient times. Birch bark also contains substances that are used in medicines and chemicals.

Birch bark was valuable throughout the world where birch trees were available:


Birch bark is can also be used as a tinder. It is very good tinder as the inner layers will stay dry even through heavy rainstorms. To make birch bark useless as tinder, it must be soaked in water for a very long time.



Bakhshali manuscript

The Bakhshali Manuscript is a mathematical manuscript written on birch bark. It was found in 1881 near the village of Bakhshali in what was then the North-West Frontier Province of British India (now Pakistan). Most of the manuscript is missing, only seventy leaves of birch bark remain.

No-one knows how old it is and different scholars have come up with different dates. Most scholars agree that the manuscript is a copy of a more ancient text. 


Bazaar

bazaar is an Persian word which can be also seen in other languages like and . bazaar is an area that is always used for shopping. It can be a market place or a street of shops where things are exchanged or sold. 

The word bazaar is from the Persian word "bāzār", this word itself comes from the Pahlavi word "baha-char" (بهاچار), meaning "the place of prices". Although the meaning of the word "bazaar" started in Persia, it has spread and is now used in many countries around world. 

The world's biggest bazaar is the Grand Bazaar, Tehran, other well-known ones are the Grand Bazaar in Istanbul, the Old Bazaar in Cairo, the Chandni Chowk in Delhi or the Anarkali Bazar in Lahore. Very often, banks, or moneylenders, cafes and mosques can also be found in a bazaar.



Alo, Mardan

Alo is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It has a height of 406 metres (1335 feet).

Graham Nash

Graham William Nash OBE (born 2 February 1942 in Blackpool, England) is an English musician, singer and songwriter. He was a founding member of The Hollies, but left that band to form Crosby, Stills & Nash with David Crosby and Stephen Stills. He moved to California to be part of the new group, which Neil Young also joined later.

While Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young broke apart and came back together many times, Nash has almost always worked with David Crosby since the 1960s.

Nash became an American citizen in 1978. Besides music, he is also a talented photographer, and collector of photographs. Nash was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE).

Babini

Babini is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Babozai

Babozai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°50'0N 72°8'0E and has a height of 1754 metres (5757 feet).

Bala Garhi

Bala Garhi is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°14'0N 72°9'0E and has a height of 302 metres (994 feet).

Chamtar

Chamtar is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°10'47N 71°59'2E and has a height of 286 metres (941 feet).

Charguli

Charguli is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°19'0N 72°14'0E and has a height of 342 metres (1125 feet).

Dagai

Dagai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Dheri

Dheri is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 

Garhi Daulatzai

Garhi Daulatzai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°12'0N 72°10'0E and has height of 294 metres (967 feet).

Garhi Ismail Zai

Garhi Ismail Zai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°12'0N 72°10'0E and has a height of 294 metres (967 feet).

Garyala

Garyala is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°16'0N 72°13'0E and has a height of 317 metres (1043 feet).

Gujar Garhi

Gujar Garhi is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°14'0N 72°1'0E and has a height of 298m (980 feet).

Hathian

Hathian is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°23'35N 71°55'0E and has an altitude of 372m (1223 feet).

Lund Khwar

Lund Khwar, is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°23'22N 71°58'51E with a height of 371 metres (1220 feet). Lund Khwar means "the ever flowing stream (or brook)". The village was founded in the 12th century by Yousafzai and Khattak tribesmen. 

Muslimabad (Mardan)

Muslimabad or Muslim Abad is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°23'0N 71°54'5E and has a height of 379 metres (1246 feet).

Rustam, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Rustam is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°21'0N 72°17'0E and has a height of .

Shamozai

Shamozai is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°23'0N 72°8'0E and has a height of 713m (2342 feet).

Saro Shah

Saro Shah or Sari is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°14'9N 71°54'30E and has a height of 316 metres (1040 feet).

Takkar

Takkar is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at 34°17'18N 71°53'50E and has a height of 338m (1112 feet).

Toru, Mardan

Toru is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°9'0N 72°6'0E and has a height of 291m (958 feet).

University of Bologna

The University of Bologna is the oldest university in the world in continuous operation. It was founded in Bologna, Italy in about 1088.

The university received a charter from Frederick I Barbarossa in 1158. In the 19th century, a committee of historians traced the founding of the University back to 1088. If so, it is the oldest continuous university in the world. That is slightly earlier than the University of Oxford, where there is evidence of teaching in 1096.

Bologna was also the first to use the term "universitas" for the corporation of students and masters which make up a university.

In the Middle Ages, the University of Bologna was famous in all Europe for its schools of humanities and law.

The poets Dante and Petrarca studied at this university. Called officially "Alma mater studiorum", the university is an institution for students of both sexes, supported by the state. It offers courses in arts, law, medicine, pharmacy, mathematics, engineering, agronomy, veterinary medicine and pedagogy. The Italian semiologist and writer Umberto Eco was the Chair of semiotics at the university. The former prime minister of Italy, Romano Prodi, is a professor in the Department of Economics.


University of Warsaw

The University of Warsaw (Polish "Uniwersytet Warszawski") is the largest university in Poland. The chancellor (rector) of the university is Marcin Pałys.

The "Royal University of Warsaw" was established in 1816, when the parts of Poland were separated in Warsaw, from the academic (i.e. associated with higher education) centre of Cracow more ancient and influential. The School of Law and the School of Medicine had been established first time in the Duchy of Warsaw. In 1816, Alexander I had permitted the Polish authorities to create a university, with five faculties: Law and Administration, Medicine, Philosophy, Theology, and Arts and Humanities. Soon there were 800 students and 50 professors. 

However, after students and professors took part in the November Uprising of 1830, the university was closed by the Russians.


E-cigarette

An electronic cigarette (or e-cigarette, e-cig), also known as a vape, is a cigarette substitute. It gives small amounts of the chemical nicotine without the tobacco or other chemicals from real cigarettes. 

The main substances making up in the liquid in the e-cigarettes are nicotine, propylene glycol, glycerin and some flavors or smells. Using an e-cigarette is known as "vaping".

An E-cigarette is made of 3 parts:

The e-liquid (propylene glycol and/or glycerin) is heated to make a vapour which looks like the smoke from real cigarettes. This caries the nicotine to the lungs where it is absorbed.

As of 2015, 3 generations of "electonic cigarettes" are known:

The modern electronic cigarette was invented by Hon Lik (regarded as the 'father of the electronic cigarette'), a Chinese pharmacist and inventor. Hon had himself quit smoking, after his father, also a heavy smoker, had died of lung cancer. Hon patented the modern e-cigarette design in 2003, and starting selling it domestically. Many versions made their way to the U.S., sold mostly over the Internet by small marketing firms.

However, many US and Chinese e-cig manufacturers copied his designs illegally, and as a result Hon Lik did not get the expected financial rewards for his invention (although some US manufacturers have recompensated him through out of court settlements).

In 2008, this attracted the attention of the World Health Organization ("WHO") who said that these e-cigarettes were not proper nicotine replacement therapy and that this mis-information had to be taken away from any sites or advertisements saying that they were.

Starting 2012 Tobacco companies also want a piece of E-Cigarette-cake and work on their own products. Marlboro goes for heating tobacco, Philip Morris tests a fizz-like method while British American Tobacco tries a medical-like inhaler. Many big tobacco companies didn't do their own research or stopped at some point. Instead they bought smaller e-cig companies to enter the market.

These devices have a battery powered heating element and tank that contains a liquid solution made by combining nicotine, vegetable glycol or propylene glycol and flavorings. The gadget that can be bought in a variety of shapes and sizes usually resembles a pen or a regular cigarette, and it works like a vaporizer. The liquid used in e-cigs is commonly made of propylene glycol, glycerin, distilled water, artificial (fake) flavors and optionally nicotine. It often tastes like tobacco, fruit, mint/menthol or sweets.

In 2017, the TRPR (Tobacco and Related Products Regulations), which was a revised interpretation of the EU Commission's TPD (Tobacco Products Directive), came into effect in the UK. This piece of legislation aimed to ensure the safety of vape products include vape kits and included the limitations of nicotine-containing e-liquid bottles to 10ml, vape tank sizes to 2ml as well as nicotine strength of e-liquid to a maximum of 20mg. Current UK laws state the sale of e-cigarettes and e-liquids is legal to over 18s only, but many shops allow minors over the age of 12 to purchase nicotine-free e-liquid as all the ingredients in it are safe compared to nicotine e-liquid. Technically it is illegal for a minor to purchase any vaping products or any items associated with e-cigarettes but it is perfectly legal for a minor to use an e-cigarette, nicotine or nicotine-free. These are UK laws only.

Many countries are not approving electronic cigarettes as a less harmful alternative to traditional cigarettes. 
The sale of tobacco cigarettes with flavor (except menthol) has been stopped in some countries but not yet in Europe or the USA. 
The EU is testing if the product is bad to the health and safety of persons in general. They are also researching if electronic cigarettes can be called a medical product. In 2009 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was provided authority by Congress to ban all sales of cigarettes with flavors, except menthol.

Because many countries are not sure if electronic cigarettes are a medical product, each country has their own opinion and rules on e-cigarettes.

Health institutions are more and more interested in E-cigarettes because they are much cheaper than smoking regular ones, making them popular alternative. In the United States of America, individual states have different rules on use and sale of electronic cigarettes.

Apart from medical reasons e-cigarettes have also been banned in airport and other high population-density public places due to a number of incidents where they have been a cause of fire.

The United Kingdom are one of few countries to have government support for electronic cigarettes and e-liquids. Specifically, the NHS recommend e-cigarettes as a less harmful alternative to smoking

In Australia vapes are legal but is publicly recommended not to use electronic cigarettes. Such advertisements are "vape truths" also known as "puff or pass" which is displayed on advertisements on social media platforms and public broadcasting television. Western Australia has no laws limiting the sale of vapes to underage minors, and nicotine laws regarding vape pens. 

New Zealand has a Vaping Regulatory Authority to manage the sale of electronic cigarettes. 

4. https://www.health.gov.au/health-topics/smoking-and-tobacco/about-smoking-and-tobacco/about-e-cigarettes updated 11 august 2021. 

Great Pyramid of Giza

The Great Pyramid of Giza is a huge pyramid built by the Ancient Egyptians. It stand 18.4 km from Cairo, Egypt. It is the oldest of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, and the only one to remain mostly intact. When it was built it was 146.5 metres (481 feet) tall. It was the tallest building in the world for over 3,800 years. Erosion and other causes have shrunk it to 138.8 metres. The pyramid was built for Khufu, an Egyptian pharaoh. It was perhaps built by Khufu's vizier, Hemiunu. It is believed that it took about 20 years to build, and was completed around 2570 BC.

When it was built, the Great Pyramid was covered by white stones that formed a smooth outer surface. Some of these stones can still be seen around the base. Most of what can be seen of the pyramid now is its basic core 2,300,000 blocks of limestone and granite. There have been many different theories to explain how the pyramid was built. Most accepted building ideas are based on the idea of moving huge stones from a quarry and dragging and lifting them into place. Archaeologists found that the Pyramids of Giza were not built by slaves, but workers who were paid for working. Their graves were found near the pyramid in 1990. 

There are three known rooms, or chambers, inside the Great Pyramid. The lowest chamber is cut into the rock on which the pyramid was built. This chamber was not finished. The other two chambers are higher up inside the pyramid. They are called the Queen's Chamber and the King's Chamber, but these are modern labels as we do not know how the Egyptians were going to use them. The Great Pyramid has two passages, one leading up, and the other down. It is the only Egyptian pyramid to have the two passages.

The Great Pyramid is part of a group of buildings, called the Giza Necropolis. This includes two mortuary temples in honour of Khufu. One is close to the pyramid and one near the Nile. There are three smaller pyramids for Khufu's wives. Other buildings include an even smaller "satellite" pyramid, and a raised causeway which joins the two temples. There are other tombs, called mastaba, probably for other important people.

.hack

.hack (pronounced "dot-hack") is a Japanese multimedia franchise.


Radio:Active

Radio:Active (typeset as Radio:ACTIVE) is the fourth album by British pop rock band McFly. It is the band's first album with their new label Super Records. They created this label after they left Island Records. The first single from the album is "One for the Radio".

On 24 June 2008, McFly said that they would give "Radio:Active" free with the newspaper "The Mail on Sunday" on 20 July 2008. They released a second single on 15 September 2008 called "Lies" which is also on the album. The deluxe edition has four extra songs, a bonus DVD and a 32-page booklet. McFly released this on 22 September 2008.



Townsend Records

Premier League (disambiguation)

A Premier League is normally a league in sports at the top of the league system.

Premier League may refer to:

in Basketball

in Cricket:

in Football:


in Rugby league:

in Speedway:

Surf rock

Surf rock is a kind of rock music. It started in the USA in the 1950s. As the name suggests surf rock had a strong relationship to the sport of surfing. 
The Beach Boys are an example of a band that play surf rock. Much of the surf-rock that exists is instrumental and guitar-based. This instrumental music tends to include up-front echoey guitars, usually those made by Fender. The most famous surf-rock guitarist, Dick Dale is well known for the track Misirlou.

Cigarettes and Valentines

Cigarettes and Valentines was going to be an album by Green Day. It was recorded in the summer of 2003, but after making 20 tracks, the master tapes were stolen from the studio. The band was upset so decided not to try to re-create the stolen album, but instead started on a new album that they vowed would be even better than before. The new album was "American Idiot".

The "Cigarettes and Valentines" album was rumoured to have been secretly released as "Money Money 2020" by The Network. The Network is a band that contains all the Green Day members under different names. Billie Joe (a member of Green Day) has gone on record admitting that The Network is Green Day's side project. However he also said that "Money Money 2020" is not "Cigarettes and Valentines".

The Silmarillion

The Silmarillion is a book written by J. R. R. Tolkien. It was first published posthumously (after Tolkien was dead) in 1977, edited by his son Christopher Tolkien. "The Silmarillion" is set in Tolkien's world Middle-earth, and is about its early history before "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings". 

The name "Silmarillion" can mean the published book (as in "The Silmarillion"), but it can also mean all the stories from the First Age of Middle-earth (the "Quenta Silmarillion").

The published "The Silmarillion" has five parts:

Shipping Forecast

The Shipping Forecast is a weather forecast covering the sea around the United Kingdom and Ireland. It has been broadcast four times a day on BBC Radio 4 since the 1920s.
The Met Office, the UK meteorological centre, produces it for the Maritime Coastguard Agency. The forecast talks about lots of places, starting with "Viking" in the northeast and going clockwise around the British coastline until it reaches "Southeast Iceland" in the northwest. Sometimes the names are changed to keep them the same as in other countries. It is one of the first items on Radio 4 each day, and has been referenced in many poems and songs, including a poem by Seamus Heaney and a song by the British band, Blur ("This is a Low").

There is a strict set of rules (a protocol) on how the forecast is written, and it has a limit of 370 words. It is always said in the same way and is around 9 minutes long. The language of the forecast is hard to understand unless the listener understands how the rules work. For example: People listening to the forecast who know the protocol can understand it as "In the English Channel, there are strong winds, followed by a stronger wind in less than twelve hours time with some light rain, but good visibility". The numbers refer to the Beaufort Scale of wind strength. "Imminent" means within 6 hours, "soon" between 6 and 12, and "later" meaning after 12 hours. There are lots of other jargon used in the Shipping Forecast.

An instrumental piece of music, "Sailing By", is played before the 00:45 broadcast of the Shipping Forecast. It acts as a buffer between the news bulletin and the Shipping Forecast, in order to make the Shipping Forecast play at exactly the same time each day. This gives the Radio 4 controllers leeway if the programming of Radio 4 is running late. There was an outcry when it was temporarily taken off air for two years in 1993. "Sailing By" was written by Ronald Binge, in 1962 a light music composer.

The Shipping Forecast is broadcast in many different ways, most famously, on the radio. BBC Radio 4, the radio station that the Forecast is broadcast from three times a day, can be listened to as far away as Denmark, or can be listened to anywhere in the world via the BBC's website. 
An updated Shipping Forecast is broadcast six times a day from three Navtex transmitters placed strategically around the coast of the United Kingdom, giving information on the areas near to the transmitter. The three transmitters are called Cullercoats, Niton and Portpatrick, after the places they are at. Navtex is a type of radio communication that sends a message to a receiver that picks it up and changes it into text, like to a mobiles' text message. The Navtex messages can be received up to 270 miles offshore. Navtex is an acronym for NAVigational TEXt messages. Major areas of general Navtex coverage include the Mediterranean Sea, the North Sea, Japan and the coasts of North America. Navtex is one of the more common ways of receiving the Shipping Forecast when off-shore.

The Maritime Coastguard Agency sends messages every three hours from their sixteen stations that are located by the coast. They also send important navigational notices and a forecast that is for the area. The "Maritime Safety Information" broadcast includes a part of the Shipping Forecast, specific for the area in question.

There are several related forecasts that are similar to the Shipping Forecast. The High Seas Forecast is similar to the Shipping Forecast in format and protocol, but is about the North Atlantic ocean, or 'Met Area 1'. It can be seen on Radio 4's website. It is also split into lots of areas, and some of them have the same name as in the Shipping Forecast.

Read the Shipping Forecast] 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/coast_and_sea/shipping_forecast

The Mail on Sunday

The Mail on Sunday is a British newspaper. Over six million people read it every week. It was first published in 1982 by Lord Northcliffe. It sells the second biggest amount of Sunday newspapers in Britain after"The News of the World". The Daily Mail was launched nearly a century before(1896) and is The Mail on Sunday's "sister paper".

They are both owned by Associated Newspapers, but the editorial staff are completely separate.

"The Mail on Sunday" was first launched on 2 May 1982, to go with the "Daily Mail". The first story ever printed on the front page was the "RAF's bombing of Port Stanley airport in the Falklands". The Daily Mail and General Trust(DMGT)came up with some tough targets for the paper to reach. Initially DMGT wanted to sell 1.25 million copies a week. But the launch of The Mail on Sunday was not a success. After six weeks, sales were only around 700,000 copies.

Lord Rothermere then brought in the "Daily Mail"'s editor David English (later Sir David). He helped redesign and re-launch The Mail on Sunday. In the first three and a half months, Sir David managed to stop the fall in sales. The circulation then increased to 840,000. Three new sections were introduced:
Today (2008)the circulation is around 2.3 million, an increase of more than 1.5 million.

The newspaper's reputation developed thanks to Stewart Steven. Its circulation grew from around 1 million to almost 2 million during his time in charge. The editor who followed him was Jonathan Holborow and the current editor is Peter Wright.



PackageKit

PackageKit is a free group of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems. PackageKit was made by Richard Hughes.

Advanced Packaging Tool

The Advanced packaging tool, or APT, is a user interface that works with core libraries to handle the sometimes difficult job of installing software on Linux.


APT

APT may refer to:

APTonCD

APTonCD is a tool for backing up software that can create one or more ISOs, CDs or DVDs with all of the software the user downloaded via APT-GET or APTITUDE, so it can be used on other computers.

APTonCD will also allow the user to automatically create media with all of the .deb packages in one place, so that the user can install them into other computers without the need for an internet connection.


Synaptic Package Manager

Synaptic is a computer program which is a GTK+ graphical user interface front-end to the Advanced Packaging Tool for the Debian package management system. Synaptic is usually used on systems based on deb packages but can also be used on systems based on RPM packages. It can be used to install, remove and upgrade software packages and to add repositories.

StartUp-Manager

StartUp-Manager is a program to configure GRUB, Splash and Splashy.
It was originally an Ubuntu project, but was later adapted to Debian.


Manacor

Manacor is a town and a municipality on the island of Majorca. It is well known for its artificial pearls but also for its furniture manufacture. 25.324 people live in the town. Manacor's municipality has 35.908 people, including Manacor (25.324), Porto Cristo (6.385), S'Illot-Cala Morland (1.576), Son Macià (839), Cales de Mallorca (725), Cala Murada (624), Cala Anguila-Cala Mendia (296), S'Estany den Mas (139). Miguel Ángel Nadal as well as his nephew Rafael Nadal were born in Manacor.

Miguel Ángel Nadal

Miguel Ángel Nadal (born July 28 1966 in Manacor, Majorca) is a former Spanish football player. He played as a defender or a midfielder. He played for Mallorca from 1986 to 1991 and for Barcelona from 1991 until 1999 where he was nicknamed "The Beast of Barcelona". He also played for the Spain national team earning 62 caps, and played in three world cups (1994, 1998, 2002). He returned to Mallorca in 1999 until 2005 when he retired.

He is Rafael Nadal's uncle and his brother is "Rafa's" coach, Toni Nadal.

494||38
494||38

!Total||62||3

With Barcelona he won:

With Mallorca he won:

Fetch! With Ruff Ruffman

Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman is a reality children's television program that is shown on PBS. It is hosted by an animated dog, Ruff Ruffman, who gives out challenges to the six kids competing on the program.
The series aired for five seasons and 100 episodes from May 29, 2006, to November 4, 2010 on PBS, with over 30 contestants by that time. Although a sixth season was planned for early 2011, with auditions taking place in January 2010, WGBH announced on June 14, 2010, that due to a lack of funding, the series would end. It previously aired reruns on the 24 hour PBS Kids Channel from January 16, 2017 until November 20, 2018.
All 5 seasons are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video and PlayStation Vue.
In June 2008, the series received it's first Emmy for Best Original Song for it's theme.
Below is a list of Ruff Ruffman games.

Hamster Run is a game that was released on October 10, 2017, and is meant for hamster lovers.
There are millions of hamsters in this game.
Ruff's Cookie Creator is a game that was released on September 28, 2017 and is for anyone.
There are three customers in Ruff's Cookie Creator, those include Scruff Ruffman, Glen Ruffman, and Grandma Ruffman. Ruff's Cookie Creator can be played on Android, IOS, Fire OS, and PC.

There have been so many spinoffs of Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman.
Later, in May 2014, a brand new spin-off was announced, called "Ruff Ruffman: Humble Media Genius". This spin-off debuted in Fall 2014 and features short animations of Ruff Ruffman, focusing on how to be safe on the internet.
Episodes:
On July 30, 2017, PBS Kids and WGBH announced that Ruff Ruffman along with his two assistants Blossom and Chet would be making a comeback in a brand new digital series called The Ruff Ruffman Show, where they answer questions from real kids, take on challenges and learns the value of perseverance—all while modeling science inquiry skills. The digital series premiered on September 28, 2017, and ran until October 20, 2017 on PBSKids.org and YouTube, with one season and 22 episodes.
It also teaches children certain science inquiry skills. The topics on the show that are featured include building new things, materials, sports, and kitchen science.

On December 28, 2020, a brand new web series called Team Hamster! premiered. It is a spin-off focusing on Ruff Ruffman's hamsters - Sadie, Mateo, and Tasha. The series also ties-in with games on the PBS Kids website.

WGBH and Global Mechanic had originally announced plans to produce a spin-off of "Fetch!" based on the online game "Spyhounds". It was going to feature Ruff, Blossom, and Chet having a brand new career as super-spies, and Ruff is in "way" over his head. Luckily, he has much help: five clever kids, a purple poodle named Trixie, and millions of kids online. The spinoff plans were announced but were later canceled for unknown reasons.

On July 21, 2022, WGBH and Jim Conroy released "FetchTok", a TikTok-based challenge where Ruff (voiced again by Conroy) asks all the viewers to record themselves performing his challenges and posting them on the app.

Production of Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman began in 2004. It started under the name of "Hot Seat" with the tile character named "Hot Seat".
The name would later be changed to "Hot Spot" in 2005, until the name would later be changed to Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman.
It was announced that Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman DVDs would be released in the near future, however those plans were canceled.

African wild dog

The African wild dog or painted dog ("Lycaon pictus") is a carnivorous mammal of the Canidae family. In past centuries it had a wide distribution in Africa.

The African wild dog is very social, living in packs. They hunt antelopes, which they catch by chasing them to exhaustion. Like other canids, the African wild dog regurgitates food for its young, and other adults. Their natural enemies are lions and hyenas: the lions kill the canids where possible; hyenas frequently steal their kills.

Luna Sea

Luna Sea is a Japanese rock band, formed in Kanagawa in 1989. They were a very successful band during the 1990s. They stopped playing in 2000 but got together again in 2007, and again in 2008. They had a reunion world tour in 2010.





Roger Bresnahan

Roger Philip Bresnahan (June 11, 1879 – December 4, 1944), nicknamed "The Duke of Tralee" for his Irish roots, was an American Major League Baseball player who played catcher and a player-manager.

Over My Head (Cable Car)

Over My Head (Cable car) is the debut single by rock band The Fray off the hit album How to Save a Life (album). The single was released September of 2005. 

The video ranked close to number one various times since the release of the single. The music video was actually shot in a High School in Denver, Colorado. 

In the Brazilian Hot 100, "Cable Car" was ranked #5, "World Singles" ranked the song #24, "U.S. Adult Top 40" ranked it #2, and "U.S. Top 40 Mainstream" ranked it #5.


Look After You

"Look After You" is the 4th hit single by the rock band The Fray. The song was released in the United States in January of 2007 and in the United Kingdom in August of 2007.


Isaac Slade

Isaac Slade (born May 26, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter. He is a member of the rock band called The Fray. He has released several albums with the band "The Fray" including "How to Save a Life" and "Live at the Electric Factory". He records and performs more of a piano rock and acoustic. Singles include "How to Save a Life", "Look After You", and "Cable Car".

All at Once

All at Once is known to be the 5th single off the album "How to Save a Life" by the rock band The Fray.

The song is not originally famous for anything but being on airplay in the U.S. area.

The video was premiered on VH1's VSpot Top 20 Countdown. The video reached at #6 on VH1 and #20 on the "Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks".

Singles

Partition editor

Partition editor, partitioner, and partitioning utility are all names for computer programs used to view, create, change, and delete disk partitions on a computer storage device, most commonly a hard disk, but also a USB flash drive or other storage medium.

A "partition" is a section or segment of the space on a storage device. By partitioning a large device into several partitions it is possible to isolate various types of data from one another, and allow the coexistence of two or more operating systems simultaneously.

Partition editors can come in many different forms. Command line tools such as diskpart in Windows and fdisk or parted in Linux offer accurate control of partition editing. Graphical tools like Disk Management in Windows and GParted or KDE Partition Manager allow for use by less skilled users.


GParted

GParted is a computer program used for working on partitions. It can create, delete, move, copy, check and change the size of paretitions. It is also used with the file systems on the partitions. Thi program is useful for creating space for new operating systems. It works with Vista System & Data partitions. It can also be used to reorganizing disk usage, copy data on hard disks and mirroring one partition with another (disk imaging).

Acoustic

Acoustic may mean:

In science:

In music:

Warfare

Other:

Skull Ring

Skull Ring is a 2003 album by Iggy Pop.


Jesus of Suburbia

"Jesus of Suburbia was the fifth and final single to be released from Green Day's seventh studio album, "American Idiot". 

Australian single:

10" vinyl:<br>
Side A

Side B

National Bowl

The National Bowl is a entertainment venue in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. It can hold up to 65,000 people.


Kerrang!

Kerrang! is a weekly rock magazine in the United Kingdom. It is made by Bauer Consumer Media.


Bullet in a Bible

Bullet in a Bible is a live CD, DVD and UMD release by Green Day. It was issued on November 15, 2005.

People's Choice Awards

The People's Choice Awards is an awards show recognizing the people and the work of popular culture. The show has been held every year since 1975 and is voted on by regular people. The People's Choice Awards air on CBS and are produced by Procter & Gamble and Mark Burnett. Global promotion is handled by Kroszover Entertainment.

The award show's creator, Bob Stivers, made the first show in 1975. The first awards recognized "The Sting" as 1974's Favorite Picture, Barbra Streisand as the year's Favorite Film Actress, and John Wayne as its Favorite Film Actor. Ratings for the show peaked in 1977, when the 3rd People's Choice Awards attracted 35.3 million viewers who saw Farrah Fawcett-Majors win for Favorite Female TV Star, "" win as the Favorite Picture, and Streisand and Wayne win again in the Film Actress and Actor categories.

Procter & Gamble, the show's first and only sponsor, bought the show from Stivers in 1982.

In 2008, the "People's Choice Awards" introduced a new category: Favorite Sci-Fi Show. The nominees were "Stargate Atlantis", "Battlestar Galactica", and "Doctor Who". The winner was "Stargate Atlantis." 

The award categories have changed over the years. For example, the 16th People's Choice Awards had categories including Favorite All-Around Movie ("Batman"), and both a Favorite Movie Actor (Tom Cruise) and a World Favorite Movie Actor (Dustin Hoffman). At the 23rd People's Choice Awards, Rob Reiner was named the People's Choice Awards Honoree. More recently, the 32nd People's Choice Awards (shown in January 2006) included categories such as Favorite On-Screen Match-Up (Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson in "Wedding Crashers"), Favorite Leading Lady (Reese Witherspoon), Favorite Tour (U2), and an award named after a Procter & Gamble brand: Nice 'n Easy Fans Favorite Hair (Faith Hill).

In the 20th century, the awards were based on results from Gallup polls. Each year, Gallup took a survey of different categories for favorite actor, actress, movie, artist, television show or group. There was no limit on who or what could be chosen. The public could choose whomever or whatever it liked. The results of the annual survey were announced in the form of the "People's Choice Awards".

Since polls have margins of error, many years' awards have had ties in at least one category, when Gallup declared that the voting was so close that a single winner could not be chosen. For example, in 2003, both "Spider-Man" and "" were recognized as Favorite Motion Picture.

The winners of the 31st People's Choice Awards (shown January 9, 2005) were decided by online voting rather than Gallup polls. The nominees submitted for Internet voting were picked using an unpublished process involving editors at "Entertainment Weekly", the show's production team, and a group of pop culture fans.

The nominees for the 32nd People's Choice Awards were picked by web research company Knowledge Networks, which took what it described as a nationally representative sample of men and women ages 18 to 54, with and without Internet access, to come up with the nominees after being presented with a list of candidates determined by national ratings averages, box office grosses and album sales, and they had the option to write in their favorites. Knowledge Networks picks these people by calling them and gives a Web TV and Internet access to people without Internet access so they can see what other people think.

The nominees for the 2010 People's Choice Awards were determined by media research company Visible Measures, which specializes in measuring Internet Video audience behavior. They used a program called True Reach to find out people's reactions to online videos.

In 1988, Nickelodeon created the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, a children's version of the People's Choice Awards. Though they have similar names, the two shows are owned by different companies. Also similar but unrelated is the Teen Choice Awards.


The Pretender (Foo Fighters song)

"The Pretender" is the first single from the Foo Fighters' 2007 album "Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace".




It's Been Awhile

"It's Been Awhile" is a song by American alternative metal band Staind. The song was released in March 20, 2001. It was the first single on their third studio album "Break the Cycle".

On the "Billboard" charts, "It's Been Awhile" was able to peak at #5 on Hot 100, #1 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, #1 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks, #3 on the Top 40 Mainstream, #6 on the Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks, and at #4 on the Top 40 Tracks charts.


Scar Tissue

"Scar Tissue" is the first single from the American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers' seventh album "Californication".

Hysteria

Hysteria is when someone has a very strong emotion that is unmanageable. Often, this means a very strong sense of fear. When someone has hysteria, it is called "hysterics". Hysteria could be caused by traumatic events in a person's life.

Today, many psychiatrists and other doctors do not use the word "hysteria" for a patient. They use other words that have the same meaning. Some of the words they may use are "psychosomatic", "functional", "nonorganic", "psychogenic", or "medically unexplained".

One of the conditions of hysteria may be Histrionic personality disorder.

Theme (music)

In music, a theme is the beginning or main melody. It is usually familiar sounding and able to be recognized when it is heard.

From that beginning part of the music, variations can be played as the composition is developed or put together.


Our Band Could Be Your Life

Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground, 1981-1991 is a book by Michael Azerrad (). The book tells about the history of 13 alternative rock bands, including Sonic Youth, Fugazi, Minor Threat and Hüsker Du.

Spin (magazine)

Spin was a music magazine that competed with the leading magazine "Rolling Stone". Bob Guccione, Jr. created the magazine in 1985 and sold it to Miller Publishing in 1997. In February 2006, Miller Publishing sold the magazine for less than US$5 million to a San Francisco-based company called the McEvoy Group LLC. That company formed Spin Media LLC as a holding company. The new owners replaced the editor-in-chief Sia Michel with Andy Pemberton, who was once an editor at "Blender". The first issue to be published once he took over was the July 2006 issue—sent to the printer in May 2006—which had Beyoncé on the cover. Pemberton left "Spin" in June 2006. The current editor-in-chief is Doug Brod, who was executive editor from May 2003, and became editor-in-chief in January 2007. The magazine stopped being made in 2012.


Jane's Addiction

Jane's Addiction is an alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band started in 1985. The band first broke up in 1991, and created the Lollapalooza tour. The band spent some time touring in 1997, before reuniting in 2001. They then broke up again in 2004. In 2008 they got together again. The band's members are currently vocalist Perry Farrell, bassist Eric Avery, guitarist Dave Navarro and drummer Stephen Perkins. As well as alternative rock, the band have been described as art rock and hard rock.

Performance

A performance, in performing arts, generally comprises an event in which one group of people (the performer or performers) behave in a particular way for another group of people (the audience). 

In dance a group of people will usually go on stage to perform for the audience.

Blitzkrieg Bop

"Blitzkrieg Pop" is the debut single by Ramones and is the leading track from their debut studio album "Ramones" which was released two months later. The song is about World War II.

We're a Happy Family

We're a Happy Family – A Tribute To Ramones is a tribute album by various artists as a tribute to the Ramones.

Ronnie Blake

Ronnie Blake (born May 23, 1972) is a trumpeter from Fullerton, California. He has played with many well known musicians including Aaliyah, Ben Harper, Dr Dre, and Big Bad Voodoo Daddy. Blake has also toured with Green Day.

Jason White (musician)

Jason White (born November 11, 1973 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American guitarist who has played in many punk rock bands. He plays for punk rock band Green Day.

Jason Freese

Jason Jeremy Freese (born January 12, 1975 in Orange County, California) is an American singer, musician and record producer. He plays piano/keyboard, guitar, tenor saxophone, accordion, trombone, and sings backing vocals for Green Day when the band tours.

Gabrial McNair

Gabrial "Gabe" McNair (born September 8, 1973) is an American musician and composer. He is a multi-instrumentalist. This means he plays many different instruments.

Petra Haden

Petra Haden (born October 11, 1971, in New York City) is an American violinist and singer.




Stephen Bradley

Stephen Reid Bradley (born August 23, 1972 in Richmond, California) is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, photographer, and videographer. He is best known as the trumpet and keyboardist in the band No Doubt. He has toured with acts like Greenday, Smashing Pumpkins, and Steel Pulse.

Bradley was born in Oakland,CA.Growing up in Richmond,CA,Bradley was first exposed to music by his mother Janice,and his Uncle Jerley.She played piano in the house, and encouraged Stephen to practice the Trumpet,when he took it up at age 13.Bradley continued to become more serious about music at El Cerrito High School,playing in the Jazz Ensemble,and the Symphonic Band.

During high school,Bradley performed with fellow high school friends in a band called Private Culture.Modeled after The Police,they played local Bay Area clubs in the late 80's early 90's.On one of these shows, they opened for No Doubt in Berkeley, California.Thats was the first time Bradley was introduced to the band.

Bradley would go on to play with another Bay Area band called Dizzybam,which was a funk/rock/rap band from Oakland,CA.Bradley would be re-introduced to No Doubt by Dizzybam bassist and co-founder Kerry James.James and Tony Kanal(No Doubt)were friends, and Kanal reached out to James about finding a trumpet player to fill in for a Bay Area show at The Great American Music Hall(San Francisco).Bradley preformed the show, and was later asked to go on the road with No Doubt to play a leg of the inaugural 'Warped Tour.

Bradley would go on to tour and record with No Doubt until the band discontinued in 2015.

During the time with No Doubt,Bradley also pursued songwriting, and producing.Teaming up with long time friend and multi-instrumentalist David tweedie,the two created the self-titled album Chocolate O'Brian.That experience led to Bradley branching out as a producer, and songwriter.

After living exclusively in the bay area,Bradley relocated to Los Angeles to seek more opportunities in the music business.

In 2015,Bradley released his first solo single/video as a artist,with the release of 'Over and Out'.

He later released an EP called "Runaways',in which he teamed up with fellow songwriter and producer Javan Slagle.Runaways was received well by music critics, and Bradley coincided this with a solo residency at the Skybar in West Hollywood.

In 2018,Bradley teamed up with Steel Pulse guitarist David Elecciri Jr. to record the reggae/pop album 'United We Stand',under the band name 'Valley of the Kings'.

In addition to touring with No Doubt,Bradley has toured with Greenday on their Nimrod tour in the early 2000's.He also toured with Smashing Pumpkins for their 20th anniversary tour.

Bradley toured with Gwen Stefani on her 'Sweet Escape world tour',and is still performing with her currently.

He is also a current touring member of Steel Pulse.

Bradley had also branched out into making music videos, and photography.


Debian Package Maker

Debian Package Maker is a program to compile programs from source code to create .deb packages.

The user can manually specify the installation directory and the files to be installed in the target installation directory.

Debian Package Maker will configure the source for the user, compile them and then build a package using the target rules.
configure/autogen.sh scripts and Makefile/rules is required for DPM to automate the whole process for the user.



Deb Creator

Deb Creator is a program to compile programs from source code to create .deb packages.


Tarō Asō

Asō, a Roman Catholic, was born in Iizuka in Fukuoka Prefecture on 20 September 1940.

Asō graduated from the Faculty of Politics and Economics at Gakushuin University, and the London School of Economics.




Group velocity

Group velocity is often considered to be the wave velocity at which information travels. Often, this can be seen as the speed at which the envelope of the wave travels.

Polarization

Polarization (also polarisation) is a property of transverse waves. Some waves have motion in another direction as well as the direction of the wave. In water, for instance, the wave will move across the water, but the wave will also move water up and down on the surface. Light waves are similarly transverse waves though they are also particles. Sound waves do not have polarization, since they are longitudinal waves. Polarized sunglasses take advantage of these oscillations.

Light reflected by shiny transparent materials is partly or fully polarized, except when the light is perpendicular to the surface. Polarization was first discovered in 1808 by the mathematician . A polarizing filter, such as a pair of polarizing sunglasses, can be used to observe this effect by rotating the filter while looking through it at the reflection off of a distant horizontal surface. At certain rotation angles, the reflected light will be reduced or eliminated. Polarizing filters remove light polarized at 90° to the filter's polarization axis. If two polarizers are placed atop one another at 90° angles to one another, very little light can pass through both.

Polarization by scattering is observed as light passes through the atmosphere. The scattered light produces the brightness and color in clear skies. This partial polarization of scattered light can be used to darken the sky in photographs, increasing the contrast. This effect is easiest to observe at sunset, on the horizon at a 90° angle from the setting sun. Another easily observed effect is the drastic reduction in brightness of images of the sky and clouds reflected from horizontal surfaces. This is why polarizing filters are often used in sunglasses. Polarizing sunglasses also show rainbow-like patterns caused by color-dependent birefringent effects, for example in toughened glass (e.g., car windows) or items made from transparent plastics. The role played by polarization in the operation of liquid crystal displays (LCDs) is also frequently apparent to the wearer of polarizing sunglasses, which may reduce the contrast or even make the display unreadable.

Polarization of light is useful, after it has been filtered. A filter will separate light with one type of polarization from other types. Most daylight, or light from a light bulb, has a mix of polarizations (lasers are an exception). The filter works much like trying to put a playing card through a comb - only if the card is turned the right direction will it fit. Light that is turned a different way will be blocked by the filter. Liquid crystal displays (LCDs) use this to block light to make letters or numbers on a display. Glasses that have different polarization filters for each eye can separate light meant for the left eye and for the right eye. This is a common way to make 3D movies and 3D television.

In nature sometimes light that bounces off of a surface has the same polarization - this is called 'glare' from a window or water. A polarization filter on a camera will remove this glare to help see through the window or water (or can increase the glare, depending on how it is turned).
The photograph on the right was taken through polarizing sunglasses and through the rear window of a car. Light from the sky is reflected by the windshield of the other car at an angle, making it mostly horizontally polarized. The rear window is made of tempered glass. Stress from heat treatment of the glass alters the polarization of light passing through it, like a wave plate. Without this effect, the sunglasses would block the horizontally polarized light reflected from the other car's window. The stress in the rear window, however, changes some of the horizontally polarized light into vertically polarized light that can pass through the glasses. As a result, the regular pattern of the heat treatment becomes visible.

Other electromagnetic waves also have polarization, but it can happen in different ways.

General polarization: Some waves can be described by having the electric field perpendicular to the direction of the wave, and these are called TE (transverse electric) waves. Others have the magnetic field perpendicular to the direction of the wave, and these are called TM (transverse magnetic) waves. These are the most general types of wave polarization. They can also be called vertical or horizontal polarized waves. If both the electric field and magnetic field are perpendicular to the direction of the wave, the wave is called TEM (transverse electromagnetic). Linear, circular, and elliptical polarizations are specific cases of TEM polarization.

Linear, circular, and elliptical polarizations are three specific types of TEM polarization. They cannot be measured close to an antenna. Far away from an antenna the fields are TEM, so these can be used. They are easy to imagine if you look from at the wave straight on.




Dance, Dance (Fall Out Boy song)

"Dance, Dance" is the second single from Fall Out Boy's third studio album "From Under the Cork Tree". Released in 2006, the single reached #3 in the U.S., becoming their second Top 10 single.

CD #1:

CD #2:

7" vinyl:

The video shows the band performing at a homecoming dance in a high school. The video premiered in October 2006. 



Boys Like Girls (album)

Boys Like Girls is the debut hit album released in 2006 by rock band Boys Like Girls. The album was recorded in 2005-2006. The album has 4 singles.



The album was re-released on November 13, 2007 which contains an acoustic version of "Hero/Heroine" plus live performance videos and photo galleries as part of the enhanced portion of the disc.




This Love (Maroon 5 song)

"This Love" is the second single from rock band Maroon 5's first album "Songs About Jane". A music video for the song was created and is included on the CD version of the single. The single was released 2004.

Now That's What I Call Music!

Now That's What I Call Music (U.S. Series) is an original series of around 30 compilation albums released since 1998. The albums contain the hits or modern music of the latest time period. Most of the songs are singles from various artists. Most of the albums contain anywhere from 18 to 20 tracks.

More recently, there have been numerous different versions of the brand in other parts of the world, including:

Although there is some overlap in content between current releases in different markets, there are also differences such as the inclusion of local hits, and (for example) the single-CD format of the U.S. releases, in contrast with the traditional double-album UK format.






Cedrus deodara

Cedrus deodara (; Hindi, Sanskrit: devadāru; xue song) is a species of cedar trees. It is also known as: Deodar cedar, Himalayan cedar, or Himalayan deodar. 

It is common in the western Himalayas, eastern Afghanistan, northern Pakistan, north-central India (states such as Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand. It is also local to Kashmir, southwesternmost Tibet and western Nepal.

It grows in places that are 1500–3200 m above sea level. It is a large evergreen coniferous tree reaching 40–50 m tall, exceptionally 60 m, with a trunk up to 3m thick. It has a cone-shaped crown with level branches and drooping branchlets.

The leaves are needle-like, mostly 2.5–5 cm long. It occasionally grows up to 7 cm long. It can be very thin (1 mm thick), borne singly on long shoots, and in dense clusters of 20-30 on short shoots. Its colours range from bright green to glaucous blue-green. 

The female cones are barrel-shaped, 7–13 cm long and 5–9 cm broad, and break up when mature (in 12 months) to release the winged seeds. The male cones are 4–6 cm long, and shed their pollen in autumn. 

The Himalayan deodar is the state tree of Indian state of Himachal Pradesh and National tree of Pakistan..

Personal space

Personal space is a concept on psychology and sociology. The concept talks about two people (the "actors"). They have space around them. The closer they are to each other emotionally, the closer an actor will be able to stand to the other, without being intrusive. The concept was introduced by Edward T. Hall in 1966. 

Discomfort results if one actor steps into the personal space of the other, without this being desired. The amount of space a being needs can be classified in two categories:

Hall's spacing models were based on Heini Hediger's 1955 psychological studies of zoo animals.

Reginald Dyer

Brigadier-General Reginald Edward Harry Dyer CB (October 9 1864 – July 23 1927) was a British Indian Army officer responsible for the Jallianwala Bagh massacre.

Dyer was born in Murree, in British India, now in Pakistan. He spent his childhood in Shimla and received his early education at the Bishop Cotton School in Shimla. He was born just six years after the Indian Rebellion of 1857. The rebellion was a war that had been fought by some Indians to end British rule. It had been defeated by the British but had created segregation, suspicion and fear between the British and the Indians. Although he had been born after the rebellion had ended, the effects had affected Dyer's life.

Dyer went to Midleton College, County Cork between 1875 and 1881. In 1885 after his time at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst he joined the Queen's Royal Regiment (West Surrey) as a Lieutenant, and served in riot control duties in Belfast (1886) and the Third Burmese War (1886–87). He then joined the British Indian Army. First joining the Bengal Staff Corps as a Lieutenant in 1887 and being part of the 39th Bengal Infantry, and then joining the 29th Punjabis.

During his time with the 29th Punjabis he fought in the Black Mountain campaign of 1888, the relief (battle) of Chitral in 1895. And was promoted to Captain in 1896. In 1901 he became Deputy Assistant Adjutant General. and then fought in the Mahsud blockade between 1901 and 1902.

Dyer then joined the 25th Punjabis where he served in the Zakha Khel Expedition (1908). He was in charge of the 25th Punjabis in India and Hong Kong and was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel in 1910.

During World War I (1914–18), he was in charge of the Seistan Force. and made a Companion of the Bath (CB). He was promoted Colonel in 1915, and was made a temporary Brigadier-General in 1916.

In 1919, about a month after the Amritsar killings, in the Third Anglo-Afghan War, his Brigade relieved the garrison of Thal. He retired on 17 July 1920, having become a Colonel.

In 1919 the British population of Punjab feared a plot by the Indians to overthrow British rule. There was talk of mutiny and of death threats to Europeans. Sir Michael O'Dwyer, the Lieutenant-Governor of Punjab, decided to deport Indians from Punjab who were leading protests against the British.

One person who was targeted was Dr. Satyapal, who was in the Army Medical Services during World War I. He was in favour of non-violent civil disobedience and was stopped from speaking in public. Another person was Dr. Kitchlew, a Muslim barrister who wanted political change and was non-violent. The Deputy Commissioner, Miles Irving, did not know much about these two people. Both men were arrested because Irving suspected them of trying to rebel against the British.

Their arrest led to demonstrations by the people of Punjab. Crowds gathered in all public places demanding a release of the two men. Army troops panicked and opened fire on a bridge across a railway line, causing several deaths. This resulted in a mob which returned to the city centre. More army troops arrived to stop more demonstrations.

The mobs sought out Europeans in the city. On April 9 1919, Miss Marcella Sherwood, who worked at the Mission Day School for Girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools. She was attacked by the mob in a narrow street and was beaten and left wounded. She was rescued by local Indians who hid her from the mob and moved her to the fort. This attack on a lady angered Dyer, who was in command of troops in Jullundur.

Brigadier Dyer is infamous for the orders which he gave on April 13 1919 in Amritsar. It was under his command that 90 troops, made up of 25 Gurkhas, 25 Pathans and Baluch, all armed with .303 Lee-Enfield rifles and the Gurkhas who were with "khukris" opened fire on a gathering of unarmed civilians, including women and children gathered at the Jallianwalla Bagh in what came to be later known as the Jallianwala Bagh massacre.

The civilians had arrived at Jallianwala Bagh to join the yearly Baisakhi celebrations which are both a religious as well as a cultural festival of the Punjabis. The Bagh had an area of 6–7 acres and had walls all around. The walls had ever small entrances which only a few people could go through.

Dyer ordered the troops to fire directly at the crowd of people; they kept shooting until they ran out of bullets (1650 rounds). The shooting lasted for about 10 minutes.

During the ten minutes of shooting, Dyer kept checking how the troops were shooting. He ordered the soldiers to shoot where most of the people were. He did this not because the crowd was slow to leave, but because he wanted to "punish them" for being there.

Some of the soldiers at first fired in the air instead of at the people. When they did this General Dyer shouted: "Fire low. What have you been brought here for?."

Later Dyer's himself was to admit that the crowd was not given any warning to leave. He said he did not feel sorry for ordering his troops to fire.

The British army reported 379 dead say it over 1000 dead. According to a Home Political Deposit report, the number was over 1,000, with more than 1,200 wounded. Dr. Smith, a British civil surgeon at Amritsar, said there were over 1800 casualties. Because of the large numbers of people killed and injured, general Dyer became known as "The Butcher of Amritsar" in India.

Brigadier Dyer sent soldiers to the area where Miss Marcella Sherwood was beaten. He ordered that any Indians wishing to travel through the street (150 yards) had to crawl on all fours. This order also included the people who had rescued her.

Because of this order the street was closed, the houses had no back doors and the people could not go out without climbing down from their roofs. No doctor or supplier was allowed in, resulting in the sick being untended. The order was enforced by a flogging booth set up in the middle of the street.

After the Amritsar massacre, Dyer's health failed and in 1921 he suffered paralysis. He never recovered. He died at Long Ashton, near Bristol, on July 23 1927.

The Morning Post remembered him in articles titled, "The Man Who Saved India" and "He did his Duty". The Westminster Gazette wrote a contrary opinion, "No British action, during the whole course of our history in India, has struck a severer blow to Indian faith in British justice than the massacre at Amritsar, and the attitude of official Anglo-India to it."

The London Gazette

The London Gazette is one of the official records of the British government, and one of the most important in the UK. The "London Gazette" claims to be the oldest surviving English newspaper. It was first published on 7 November 1665. It is not a normal newspaper with typical news stories. The "London Gazette" is still published each weekday, except for Bank Holidays. The Gazette is being put online and records between the years 1752–1998 are online.

The "London Gazette" was first published as the "Oxford Gazette" on 7 November 1665. Charles II and the Royal Court had moved to Oxford to escape the Great Plague of London, and courtiers were unwilling to touch, let alone read, London newspapers for fear of becoming ill. When the King returned to London after the end of the plague the "Gazette" moved too. The first issue of the "London Gazette" (labelled No. 24) was published on 5 February 1666. The "Gazette" was not a newspaper in the modern sense: it was sent in manuscript by post to subscribers. It was not printed for sale to the general public.

In time of war, dispatches from the various conflicts are published in the "London Gazette". People referred to are said to have been mentioned in despatches. When members of the armed forces are promoted, and these promotions are published here, the person is said to have been “gazetted”.

Being "gazetted" (or "in the gazette") sometimes also meant becoming bankrupt. Notices of engagement and marriage also used to be published in the "Gazette".


Fabales

Fabales is an order of flowering plants. It is included in the rosid group of the eudicots in the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group II classification system. Under the Cronquist system and some other plant classification systems, the order Fabales contains only the family Fabaceae. The other families treated in the Fabales by the APG II classification were placed in separate orders by Cronquist, the Polygalaceae within its own order, the Polygalales, and the Quillajaceae and Surianaceae within the Rosales.

Google Chrome

Google Chrome is a freeware web browser made by Google. It builds on parts from other open source software, including WebKit and Mozilla Firefox. 
The name comes from the graphical user interface frame, or "chrome", of web browsers. The open source project behind Google Chrome is known as "Chromium."

The first version was a beta for Microsoft Windows was released on September 2, 2008. macOS and Linux versions were released in December 2009.

The release announcement was going to be made on September 3, 2008, and a comic by Scott McCloud was to be sent to journalists and bloggers explaining the features of and reasons for the new browser. Copies that were for Europe were shipped early and German blogger Philipp Lenssen of Google Blogoscoped made a scanned copy of the 38-page comic available on his website after receiving it on September 1, 2008. Google then made the comic available on Google Books and their website and referenced it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release. As of September 2, 2008, Google has a link to Google Chrome on their main page.






The main user interface includes back, forward, refresh, bookmark, go and cancel options similar to Safari browser, while the settings location looks like Internet Explorer 7/8. The minimize, maximize and close window buttons are based on Windows Vista









Polish Academy of Sciences

The Polish Academy of Sciences (Polish: "Polska Akademia Nauk", in short: "PAN") with seat in Warsaw, is one of the two Polish institutions which have the nature of an academy of sciences.

The Polish Academy of Sciences is an institution of studies of the Polish state, with seat in Warsaw. It had been established in 1952 by the partnership of previous societies of studies, including Polish Academy of Abilities ("Polska Akademia Umiejętności", in short "PAU"), with its seat in Cracow, and the Scientific Society of Warsaw ("Towarzystwo Naukowe Warszawskie") which had been established in the 18th century as Society of Warsaw of the Friends of Sciences ("Warszawskie Towarzystwo Przyjaciół Nauk").

In 1989, the Polish Academy of Abilities, in Cracow, assume again its independent existence, out of the Polish Academy of Sciences, in Warsaw.

The Polish Academy of Sciences funciona as docta society which acts through a chosen corporation of distinguished scholars and of institutions of research. The academy also acts through its committees, creating an important scientific consulting body.





Chinese remainder theorem

The chinese remainder theorem is a theorem from number theory. It is about congruence. The original form was:

The theorem says that there will be a solution to this question if there's no common factor between the row sizes. Using the original example, that is that no number divides both 3 and 7, both 3 and 5, nor both 5 and 7 (except, of course, 1). They're all coprime.

The Chinese remainder theorem is used in cryptography. For example, for the RSA algorithm.


Shorinji kenpo

Shorinji kenpo is the style of kenpo (a kind of martial art). It was created by Nakano Michiomi.

A Japanese with the name Nakano Michiomi - he later changed his name to So Doshin - incorporates his martial art school into his Buddhist teachings. So Doshin said, that he taught martial arts mostly in order to attract young people to Buddhism. Religious societies didn't pay the taxes, and So Doshin probably considered it, too. Until 1972, So Doshin said that he was the 21st grand master of an esoteric northern Shaolin system called Iher Man Thuen. In 1972 he changed his mind because the Japanese court gave an official decision that his style was not Chinese, but a mixture of karate (perhaps Wado-ryu) and jujutsu (perhaps Hakko-ryu). Consequently, the style's name was changed from "Shorinji Kempo," meaning "kung fu of Shaolin Temple," to "Nippon Shorinji Kempo," meaning "Japanese Way of Fist of Shaolin." The students of Nippon Shorinji Kempo have signs of manji on their kimonos, but it is not treated as the symbol of fascism, it signifies happiness in Buddhism.

Riff

In music, a riff is an ostinato; a repeated set of notes, pattern, or melody, often played by rhythmic instruments. The riff is the base of the musical composition. They are most common in rock music, funk, and jazz.

Some of famous riffs in rock music can be found in the following songs:


Stop error screen

A Stop error screen, also called as a Blue screen of death is a screen that a device shows when it has an error it cannot fix and has to stop. These screens are usually called screens of death because the device cannot recover from the error and the operating system or firmware has to close.

The screens are usually color-coded such as a Microsoft Windows computer showing a Black Screen of Death (BSoD) or an Xbox showing a green screen of death when they have errors.

If its settings tell it to, the computer will do a "core dump" and save data to a disk file, or "dump file", for later, to help an expert fix the problem.

These screens are usually caused by problems in device drivers. They can also be caused by hardware errors, such as bad RAM or power supplies, overheating of the inside of the system, or hardware which is run at higher rates than the limits. This is called overclocking.

These errors were in all the Windows operating systems since Windows 3.1.

The first BSODs were seen when starting Windows 1.0 and Windows 2.0, and had random data, mess, shown with a blue screen, hence the name.

The first BSOD that looked like an error was in Windows 3.1. BSODs like that appeared in Windows 95, Windows 98 and Windows ME. These showed an error message with an all-blue screen. The error screen was shown when there was a startup error, or when there was some other error such as an error occurring in a hardware driver file.

When Bill Gates was showing Windows 98 to the public, a BSOD happened. The computer crashed when his assistant, Chris Capossela, connected a scanner to show that Windows 98 could support Plug and Play. Bill Gates responded: "That must be... er... that must be why we're not shipping Windows 98 yet!" 

Beginning with Windows 2000, the BSOD remained an all-blue color, but changed to show more detailed technical information, and also listed a few steps that the user could do to fix the problem causing the BSOD to appear. The same screen was used in Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 7.

Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 uses a lighter blue color for the BSOD, and made the message easier to read. It even added an emoticon of a frowing face. The technical details was replaced with a simple line of text showing the name of the crash error so that the user could look it up on the Internet.
Windows 11 has a black screen of death instead of blue.



Portland Bill

Portland Bill is a peninsula off the south coast of England. It has strong tidal currents. The nearby town of Weymouth was a sailing venue for London 2012.

The Bill is a narrow promontory at the southern end of the Isle of Portland. It is the southernmost point of Dorset, England. One of Portland's most popular destinations is the Portland Bill Lighthouse.

CERN

CERN is a research institute near Geneva, Switzerland. The full name is Organisation Européene pour la Recherche Nucléaire (European Organization for Nuclear Research). The letters "CERN" are left over from the older "Conseil Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire" (European Council for Nuclear Research). CERN was founded in 1954. Today 22 nations are members of the organisation. It is the world's biggest laboratory for particle physics. About 2600 people work there full-time, and over 7800 scientists from about 500 universities and research institutes work there in total.

The Large Hadron Collider, the largest particle accelerator in the world, is at CERN.

Onager

The Onager ("Equus hemionus") is a large mammal belonging to the Equidae family. It is native to the deserts of Syria, Iran, Pakistan, Kashmir, Israel and Palestine, and western China. It is sometimes known as the Asian Wild Ass.

Pantropical spotted dolphin

The pantropical spotted dolphin ("Stenella attenuata") is an oceanic dolphin. It is found in all the world's temperate and tropical oceans. The species was beginning to come under threat due to the killing of millions of individuals in tuna purse seines (fishing). The 1980s saw the rise of "dolphin-friendly" tuna capture methods in order to save millions of the species in the eastern Pacific Ocean.

Pilot whale

Pilot whales are two species of oceanic dolphins, whose scientific name is Globicephala. The two types of pilot whales are the long-finned pilot whale and the short-finned pilot whale. Their behaviour resembles that of the larger whales more than that of dolphins. 

The two look similar at sea and are usually just known simply as pilot whales or "calderón" in Spanish. They and other large dolphins are also known as blackfish.

Pilot whales can be found nearly worldwide. The long-finned variety prefers colder waters, for example near Antarctica. The short-finned ones can also be found in tropical waters. Pilot whales are highly social animals, they live in groups of 20-30 animals, called "pods". Larger groups of over 100 pilot whales have been observed. Studies suggest that the young remain in the same pod as their parents, which is unusual for mammals. Female short-finned pilot whales go through menopause. Females that no longer reproduce contribute to the survival of the young.

For reasons which are unknown, pilot whales seem to end up stranded on a beach fairly often. 

Pygmy killer whale

The Pygmy Killer Whale ("Feresa attenuata") is a mammal of the oceanic dolphin family. It is small, and rarely seen. Its name is because it shares some features with the Killer Whale. They are not closely related.

The pygmy killer is an average-sized dolphin. It may easily be confused at sea with other species, in particular the melon-headed whale. The body is large and dark-colored. The head is rounded without a beak. The sides are lighter and the belly is often white. Several individuals have been seen with a white lining around the mouth and chin. The dorsal fin is tall.

The pygmy avoids human contact. These dolphins always move in groups. The groups are usually of 10 to 30, but sometimes much larger.

They have been seen attacking, killing and eating other cetacean species such as the Common Dolphin.

Persian Jird

The Persian jird ("Meriones persicus") is a species of rodent in the Muridae family. It is found in Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, Turkey, and Turkmenistan.

The Persian jird is about 6 inches long. It has a brush-tipped tail that is slightly longer than the body. They are wild brown with white bellies. 

They live in dry rocky hillsides with little plant life and semi-desert areas. The eat dry plant material and grains, and sometimes small insects.

Persian jirds usually have two litters a year. Each litter has around seven pups.

Some people keep them as a pet. They can live to be six or seven years old. They need large cages that let them climb and leap.

Didgeridoo

The didgeridoo (sometimes didjeridu) is an Australian Aboriginal wind musical instrument. They were used by the Yolgnu people of Arnhem Land. They can be quite long, anywhere from long. Most are around long. The longer the instrument, the lower the pitch or key of the instrument. They are a hollow wooden tube, which can be either cylindrical or conical in shape. It is best described as being a wooden trumpet or drone. Musicologists say it is a brass aerophone.

It is difficult to know when didgeridoos were first used. Studies of rock art in Arnhem Land show that it has been in use for more than 1,500 years. A rock painting in Ginga Wardelirrhmeng, on the northern edge of the Arnhem Land plateau, dates from the freshwater period. It shows a didgeridoo player and two singers playing in a ceremony.

"Didgeridoo" is said to be a word invented in the West, not an Aboriginal word. It may come from the Irish words "dúdaire" or "dúidire". This means 'trumpeter; constant smoker, puffer; long-necked person, eavesdropper; hummer, crooner' and "dubh", meaning "black" (or "duth", meaning "native"). However, this theory is not widely accepted.

The earliest examples of the word in print was in a 1919 issue of Smith's Weekly where it was called an ""infernal didjerry"" which ""produced but one sound - (which sounded like) didjerry, didjerry, didjerry and so on"". It was also used the 1919 "Australian National Dictionary", "The Bulletin" in 1924 and the writings of Herbert Basedow in 1926. There are more than 45 names for this instrument among the Aboriginal people of northern Australia including "Yirdaki". "Yirdaki", also sometimes spelt "yidaki", is for the instrument made and used by the Yolngu people of north-east Arnhem Land.

Aboriginal didgeridoos are made in the traditional communities in Northern Australia or by makers who travel to Central and Northern Australia to get the materials. They are usually made from hardwoods, usually eucalyptus species that are native to the area. Sometimes a native bamboo, such as "Bambusa arnhemica", or pandanus is used. The main trunk of the tree is used, though a big branch may be used instead. Aboriginal makers spend a lot of time looking for a tree that has been hollowed out by termites. If the hollow is too big or too small, it will make a poor quality instrument.

When a tree is found and cut down, the part of trunk or branch that will be made into a didgeridoo is cut out. The bark is taken off, the ends are trimmed, and there is some shaping of the outside. It may be painted or left natural. A rim of beeswax may be put on to the mouthpiece end. Traditional instruments made by Aboriginals in Arnhem Land are sometimes fitted with a 'sugarbag' mouthpiece. This is black beeswax from wild bees and has a its own special smell.

Didgeridoos can also be made from PVC pipes, non-native hard woods (which are split, hollowed and rejoined), fiberglass, metal, agave, clay, hemp (a bioplastic named zelfo), and even carbon fiber. These didgeridoos usually have an upper inside diameter of around 1.25" down to a bell end of anywhere between two to eight inches and have a length made to the needed key. The mouthpiece can be made of beeswax, hardwood or simply sanded and sized by the craftsman. In PVC, rubber stopper with a hole cut into it can be used.

Modern didgeridoo designs are different from the traditional Australian Aboriginal didgeridoo. They are recognized as being a separate instrument. Didgeridoo design changes started in the late 20th century using new materials and different shapes.

A didgeridoo is usually played sitting down because they are so long. It is played with continuously vibrating lips to make the drone while using a special way of breathing called circular breathing. This means a player breathes in through the nose at the same time as pushing air out of the mouth. A skilled player can refill the air in their lungs. With practice, the player can keep a note playing for as long as desired. There are recordings of modern didgeridoo players playing without stopping for more than 40 minutes; Mark Atkins on "Didgeridoo Concerto" (1994) plays for over 50 minutes continuously.

The rhythm of the circular breathing, gives the instrument its readily recognizable sound. Other changes in the didgeridoo's sound can be made by adding vocal sounds to the drone. Most of the sounds are related to the sounds of Australian animals, such as the dingo or the kookaburra. To make these sounds, the players simply have to use their voice to make the sounds of the animals whilst continuing to blow air through the instrument. The results range from very high-pitched sounds to very low sounds. Adding vocal sounds increases the complexity of the playing.

Anthony Baines wrote that the didgeridoo is like "...an aural kaleidoscope of timbres". He also said that the virtuoso skills used by the best performers were unlike those needed on any other instrument.

The didgeridoo was mainly played for ceremonial dancing and singing. It was also common for didgeridoos to be played for entertainment outside of ceremonial life. In northern Australia, the didgeridoo is still a very important as it plays for singers and dancers in surviving cultural ceremonies. Today, most didgeridoo playing is for entertainment in both Indigenous Australian communities and elsewhere around the world.

Pair sticks, sometimes called "clapsticks" or "bilma", set the beat for the songs during ceremonies. The rhythm of the didgeridoo and the beat of the clapsticks use patterns that have been handed down for many generations. Traditionally, only men play the didgeridoo and sing during ceremonies, but both men and women may dance. There were female didgeridoo players, but they did not play in ceremonies and it was not encouraged. Linda Barwick, an ethnomusicologist, says that traditionally women have not played the didgeridoo in ceremony, but in informal situations there is no prohibition in the Dreaming Law. On September 3, 2008, the publisher Harper Collins issued a public apology for its book "The Daring Book for Girls", scheduled to be published in October, which openly encouraged girls to play the instrument.

The didgeridoo is now often used as an instrument in the experimental and avant-garde music scene. Industrial music bands like Test Department- used sounds from this instrument in their performances, linking ecology to industry, influenced by ethnic music and culture.

It has also been an instrument used for the fusion of tribal rhythms with a black metal sound. A music project called Naakhum used the paganism of the Australian tribes and many others as an approach.

Most didgeridoos made today are for souvenir purposes. It is common to find didgeridoos made of non-native timbers, decorated incorrectly by non-indigenous artists with colourful designs or copied dot patterns. These decorations do not use traditional dreamtime stories or designs. These didgeridoos also often vary widely in size and shape, many being thinner and straighter. As a result of the inadequate wood types, shapes and lengths, souvenir didgeridoos can rarely be used as musical instruments.

Decoration of souvenir didgeridoos is often seen by Aboriginal communities as offensive, inappropriate, inadequate, inaccurate and in many cases, misleading. The copying of traditional artwork is also used to sell these didgeridoos to unsuspecting tourists.

A 2005 study in the British Medical Journal found that learning and playing the didgeridoo helped reduce snoring and sleep apnea. It does this by making muscles in the upper airway stronger, and this helps them stay open during sleep. This strengthening happens after the player has learned the circular breathing technique.

Don LaFontaine

Donald LaFontaine (August 26, 1940 – September 1, 2008) was an American voice actor. He had a deep voice. He recorded many movie trailers and television advertisements. He used the well known phrase "in a world...", which has been used in movie trailers many times.


Bungie Studios

Bungie Studios is an American video game developer. They are most famous for developing the award winning Halo series of video games. They also made Destiny. The studio was founded in May 1991 under the name Bungie Software Products Corporation by two students of the University of Chicago, Alex Seropian (Eng.) rus. and Jason Jones (Eng.) rus.. Originally based in Chicago, the company focused mainly on developing games for Macintosh computers and in the first 9 years of its existence created two successful series of games - Marathon and Myth, while Bungie West - a division of Bungie on the West Coast of the United States - was developing Oni games for PC and consoles.

In 2000, Bungie was acquired by Microsoft, and the project, which was in development at that time, was reoriented to the upcoming Microsoft console — Xbox. The game was included in the console's starter game package, and subsequently became the so-called "killer application" of the Xbox platform, selling millions of copies and bringing billions of dollars in profits. Bungie has been releasing Halo series games for several years, but on October 5, 2007, it announced its independence from Microsoft, becoming a private company of Bungie (LLC); at the same time, the rights to Halo remained with Microsoft. In return, Bungie signed a contract with another game publishing company, Activision, in 2010, developing and releasing the multiplayer games Destiny (2014) and Destiny 2 (2017). In 2019, Bungie announced the end of the contract with Activision, expressing its intention to release further Destiny series games independently.

Flamethrower

A flamethrower is a device used to shoot fire. They have been used by the military since the days of Greek fire. Most modern military flamethrowers project flaming liquids. 

Flamethrowers became rare in the 19th century, due to improvements in other weapons. Trench warfare made them more useful again, and the German army began using them in 1915. Flamethrowers were used during World War 2 as a bunker clearing device. Many Axis troops used pillboxes and other small fortifications in Northern France, Germany, and on Pacific Ocean islands. Small fire squads used these weapons to draw them out. Although flamethrowers project flames, burning was not the most common form of death associated with these weapons. Rather, smoke released as a byproduct of combustion presented soldiers with the grim ultimatum between death by smoke inhalation or leaving the trench and facing enemy gunfire.

Due to advancements in ballistic technologies and modern warfare tactics, flamethrowers are much less common in modern theatres. Presently, these weapons have been converted for civilian use for clearing old crops, domestic defense and even landscaping. In 2018, the Boring Company headed by Elon Musk developed a civilian flamethrower in a limited production of 20,000 units. With the prominence of Musk in contemporary culture, these flamethrowers were sold quickly yielding 10 million dollars for the Boring Company in gross revenue.

Holster

A holster is a type of clothing. It is like an extra pocket worn to hold something where it can quickly be taken out for use. Holsters have long been used to hold a firearm, especially a pistol. At the end of the 20th century many people started carrying a mobile phone in a holster.

Confetti

Confetti are small pieces of paper or other material that is thrown into the air at a celebration such as party or a wedding. Confetti comes in a variety of colors and shapes.

In some places including Europe, the use of confetti is banned due to health problems of people, animals or the earth, or due to the work needed to clean up the confetti afterward. Foil and plastic confetti are not biodegradable. Some cans are illegal due to banned items in them.

The first known use of confetti was in 1815, as the Italian word "confetto" meaning "sweetmeat".

Alanis Morissette: The Collection

Alanis Morissette: The Collection is the greatest hits compilation album by Alanis Morissette, released in the United States on 15 November 2005.


Morissette's singles that are not on the album include "All I Really Want", "Joining You", "Unsent", "So Pure", the live track "King of Pain" (a cover of The Police song), "Precious Illusions" and the European single "Out Is Through". Additionally, none of her eight dance pop single releases under MCA Records's Canada imprint are present.



Poales

Poales is a taxonomic order of flowering plants in the monocotyledons. The order includes families of plants such as the grasses, bromeliads, and sedges.

Most Poales are wind-pollinated, and so lack the colour and scents of most flowering plants. The bromeliads, however, produce large fruits which are eaten by animals and so act as seed-spreaders.

The earliest fossils of Poales date to the late Cretaceous period, about 66 million years ago. Some suggest the origin of the group may be 115 million years ago in South America. The earliest known fossils include pollen and fruits.

The flowers are typically small, enclosed by bracts, and arranged in inflorescences (except in the genus "Mayaca", with solitary terminal flowers). The flowers of most species are wind pollinated. The seeds usually contain starch.

Among monocots, the Poales come second to the orchids in number of species. But in economic terms, they are far more important. In fact, the true grasses (Poaceae) produce by far the most important grains eaten by humans and other animals.

One recent classification lists these families: 

The Poales are the most economically important order of monocots and possibly the most important order of plants in general. Within the order, by far the most important family economically is the family of grasses (Poaceae, syn. Gramineae), which includes barley, maize, millet, rice, and wheat. It is also the largest family in the order, far outnumbering the other families:

Poaceae

The Poaceae or Gramineae are the "true" grasses. They are a large family of monocot flowering plants. There are about 12,000 species and 780 genera. They are one of most ecologically and economically important of all plant families. Rushes and sedges fall outside this family, but they are related.

Grasslands are about 20% of the vegetation cover of the Earth. Poaceae also live in many other habitats, including wetlands, forests, and tundra. Bamboos are part of this huge family of plants.

Domesticated poaceous cereal crops (maize (corn), wheat, millets, and rice) are eaten around the world. The Poaceae are the most economically important plant family in modern times. They are used for forage, building materials (bamboo, thatch) and fuel (ethanol), as well as food.

Grasses include some of the most useful plant life-forms. They became widespread towards the end of the Cretaceous period. Fossilized dinosaur dung (coprolites) have been found with phytoliths of grasses which are related to rice and bamboo. Grasses have adapted to conditions in lush rain forests, dry deserts, cold mountains and even intertidal habitats. They are at present the most widespread plant type. Grass is a valuable source of food and energy for wildlife as well as humans.

Ric Flair

Richard Morgan Fliehr (born February 25, 1949 in Memphis, Tennessee) is a retired American professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring name, Ric Flair. Flair has worked for the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/WWE), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), Jim Crockett Promotions, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and many others. Currently he works for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He was the leader of the Four Horsemen in WCW and a member of Evolution in WWE. He wrestled for 50 years. His last WWE match was against Shawn Michaels at WrestleMania XXIV in 2008. He is a two time WWE Hall of Famer and a 16-time world champion according to WWE.

It was reported that Flair wrestled his last match at age 73. On July 31, 2022, at Starrcast V from the Nashville Municipal Auditorium, Flair teamed with his son-in-law Andrade El Idolo. They defeated the team of Jay Lethal and Jeff Jarrett. The match include cameos by many well known wrestlers. They included Jerry “The King” Lawler, Cody Rhodes, The Undertaker, Mick Foley, Michelle McCool, Sting and Diamond Dallas Page.

Flair's nickname is "The Nature Boy". His finisher was a Figure 4 Leg Lock. His sons David (born 1979) and Reid (1988-2013) were professional wrestlers, while his daughter Ashley (born 1986), better known by her ring name Charlotte Flair, still wrestles in WWE.


Michelle McCool

Michelle Leigh Calaway (née McCool; born January 25, 1980) is an American former professional wrestler. She is best known for working with WWE. She is a former two-time WWE Divas Champion and a two-time WWE Women's Champion.

McCool originally worked as a middle school teacher in Palatka, Florida. She joined WWE in 2004 after being a part of the WWE Diva Search. In her first on-screen appearances, she used the gimmick of a personal trainer. She later changed it to that of a teacher. At The Great American Bash in 2008, McCool became the first WWE Divas Champion. She was champion for about five months. She won the WWE Women's Championship at The Bash in 2009. She was the first wrestler to have held both titles. At Night of Champions in 2010, she combined both titles and became the first and only WWE Unified Divas Champion. McCool held both titles twice. This makes her a four-time champion overall. In November 2010, she was ranked number one in "Pro Wrestling Illustrated"'s Female 50, She retired the next year.

McCool was in the 2005 Diva Search but she lost to Christy Hemme. She still got a contract with the company.

McCool defeated Natalya Neidhart at The Great American Bash to become the first ever Diva's Champion. She lost the title to Maryse on Smackdown with María as a referee, after the match, McCool attacked María, turning heel, later, she apologized, but attacked Eve, turning definitely heel.

McCool was married to Jeremy Louis Alexander. They began dating in high school. The couple divorced in 2006. She married wrestler Mark Calaway (The Undertaker) on June 26, 2010, in Houston, Texas. In August 2012, she gave birth to their first child, their daughter Kaia.

McCool is a devout Christian. She used Christian crosses on her wrestling attire.
In 2016 she was learned that she had skin cancer. The treatment she got was successful. In April 2019, she said that she hade problems with infertility and had had several miscarriages.


International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry

The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) is an international organisation that represents chemists in individual countries. It governs everything to do with chemicals, elements and new discoveries. Every chemical known has a common name and a IUPAC name. This is also true for the Periodic Table of the Elements. Every element's name has been approved by IUPAC. This rule does not apply to those elements still given temporary names. The organisation was founded in 1919.

Medes

The Medes were an ancient Iranian people and one of the ancestors of modern Kurdish people who lived in the northwestern portions of present-day Iran. This area was known in Greek as Media or Medea They entered this region with the first wave of Iranian tribes, in the late second millennium BC (at the end of the Bronze Age).

By the 6th century BC, the Medes were able to make their own empire. It stretched from southern shore of the Black Sea and Aran province (in modern Azerbaijan) to north and central Asia, Afghanistan, and Pakistan.

The Medes are credited with the foundation of the first Iranian empire, the largest of its day until Cyrus the Great established a unified Iranian empire of the Medes and Persians, often referred to as the Achaemenid Empire.

Modern scholars question whether a Median empire even existed. It is argued that even if it existed, it must have been just a "political alliance" among highland neighbors of the Assyrians. The alliance might include Armenia in southeastern Anatolia, Sagartians in modern northern Iraq, and the actual Medians in the area between what is today Hamadan-Kirmanshah in cental Zagros. Neither cuneiform sources, archaeological evidence, or biblical accounts, support Herodotus, who claimed there really was a Median empire.

Strabo mentions the affinity of Mede with other Iranian languages in his "Geography":

Herodotus, mentions the word "Spaka" ("Dog", still present in current Iranian languages such as tat and talysh, and different from Persian)

Mombasa

Mombasa is the second largest city in Kenya; about 1.3 million people live there. It is a major port city, and has an international airport. 

Mombasa has a tropical savanna climate ("As" in the Köppen climate classification). Mombasa is a tourism-based city.

Mombasa is a coastal town with flat topography. The town of Mombasa is centred on Mombasa Island, but extends to the mainland. The island is separated from the mainland by two creeks.

Mombasa city has a population of 1,208,333 in 2019.

Mombasa has a cosmopolitan population, with the Swahili people and Mijikenda predominant. Other communities include the Akamba and Taita Bantus as well as a significant population of Luo and Luhya peoples from Western Kenya. The major religions practised in the city are Islam, Christianity and Hinduism. Over the centuries, many immigrants and traders have settled in Mombasa, particularly from the Middle East, Somalia, and India.
Mombasa is a centre of coastal tourism in Kenya. Many people visit the Old Town and Fort Jesus.

Mombasa is a major trade centre and home of large seaport. The Kenyan Dock Worker's Union is in Mombasa and has 5,000 members. Other local industries include an oil refinery with a capacity of a day, and a cement factory capable of producing over 1.1 million tons per year.

Moi International Airport serves the city of Mombasa. Flights to Nairobi and other Kenyan, European and Middle Eastern destinations depart from the airport each day. 

Mombasa currently has a modern railway station that replaced the century-old station built by the British. Kenya Railways transports passengers and cargo between Nairobi to Mombasa. The journey takes approximately five hours between the two cities.

Mombasa's port is the largest in East Africa, with two oil terminals.

In the film "Out of Africa", Mombasa is the train destination as the seaport for voyages to Europe via the Suez Canal.

"One-Way Ticket to Mombasa (Menolippu Mombasaan)" is a 2002 Finnish film directed by Hannu Tuomainen.

In the Indian movie "Mr. India", Mombasa is mentioned in the popular song "Hawa Hawaii".

Mombasa is featured in the 2010 movie, "Inception", where Cobb meets Eames and Yusuf before the job takes place.

Most of the events in the 2017 story "Consummation in Mombasa" (by Andrei Gusev) take place in Mombasa and in the nearest district Mtwapa.

In the US, the Walt Disney World resort recreated a Kenyan village in the Africa section of the Disney's Animal Kingdom theme park named "Harambe", which is modelled after Mombasa. The village features a store called the "Mombasa Marketplace".

Headshot

A headshot (or head shot) is a photograph of a person's face. It is a form of portraiture. The purpose of a headshot is to show the subject's personality, or character. Headshots are used in the modelling and acting businesses and is vital to the careers of many business and sales executives who use them on business cards, company web sites and social media sites like LinkedIn. Most actors have a headshot that they will provide to employers.

Headshots are a separate specialty career path branch for several photographers who make or have made careers in this kind of photography. Examples include Yousuf Karsh (1908-2002), Yucel Yalim (1958), Cindy Quinn (1960) and Peter Hurley. 


Gymnasium Alpenstrasse Biel

Gymnasium Alpenstrasse Biel / Gymnase de la Rue des Alpes de Bienne is a high school in Biel in Switzerland. There are three local high schools and the Gymnasium Alpenstrasse / Gymnase de la Rue des Alpes is one of them. It is the only bilingual (Swiss-German and French) high school in the Canton of Berne. There are about 550 students and about 90 teachers at this school. This school specializes in three subjects: Economy, Spanish and Applied Mathematics. The students usually attend the Gymnasium for three years and take the final examination at the end of their studies. The diploma, which is called Maturité in French or Matura in German, is the entrance ticket for all universities and colleges in Switzerland.

There is also a Commercial Highschool in the same building which is part of the Gymnasium Alpenstrasse Biel / Gymnase de la Rue des Alpe de Bienne. It is more oriented for the business world 

At the beginning, the Gymnasium Alpenstrasse was a Progymnasium.
A Progymnasuim is like the today’s secondary school. But the school was just attended by boys.
Today it’s a High School for boys and girls. This school is a Swiss Olympic Partner School.
This means, those athletes from various sports can go their training, also during school.
There are many different athletes. Some play hockey, volleyball, tennis or they swim or dance etc. It’s not just for sports it’s also for music.


Mede, Lombardy

Mede is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy. It is located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 km².

Mede borders the following municipalities: Frascarolo, Gambarana, Lomello, Pieve del Cairo, Sartirana Lomellina, Semiana, Torre Beretti e Castellaro, Villa Biscossi.

Here is how the population of the town has changed over the last 140 years.

Ploidy

Ploidy is a term from genetics and cell biology. It is used to indicate the number of chromosome sets in a cell. Most eukaryotes have either one set (called haploid) or two sets (called diploid). Some other organisms are polyploid, they have more than two sets of chromosomes. Some amphibians are triploid, with three sets. The endosperm cells in the seeds of many plants are also triploid. Some kinds of trout or salmon have four sets ("tetraploid"). Other examples:

Sex cells (gametes) are almost always haploid. If the reproductive stage (adult) is polyploid, then the gametes will have half the ploidy number of chromosomes. 

There are some variations of ploidy which are not discussed here. Some plant species with certain types of polyploidy do not use sexual reproduction, but survive with asexual methods.

Polyploidy occurs in cells and organisms when there are more than two paired (homologous) sets of chromosomes.

Most organisms are normally diploid, meaning they have two sets of chromosomes — one set inherited from each parent. Polyploidy may occur due to abnormal cell division. It is most commonly found in plants, but it does sometimes happen in animals. Some estimates suggest that 30-80% of living plant species are polyploid, and many lineages show evidence of ancient polyploidy (paleopolyploidy) in their genomes. Huge increases in angiosperm (flowering plants) diversity have coincided with the timing of ancient genome duplications shared by many species. 15% of angiosperm and 31% of fern speciation events are accompanied by ploidy increase.

Polyploid plants arise spontaneously in nature. Many polyploids are fitter than their parental species, and may display novel variation or morphologies that contribute to speciation and eco-niche exploitation. 

Polyploidy may occur in one generation, and is an exception to the principle that evolution occurs gradually. There may, however, be many genetic changes in the species after polyploidy has taken place. 

The gametes of polyploids are unusual, because they may carry several sets of chromosomes. For example, common wheat is a polyploid with six sets of chromosomes, two sets coming originally from each of three different species. So there are six sets of chromosomes in most cells, and three sets of chromosomes in the gametes.



Rhesus macaque

The rhesus macaque ("Macaca mulatta"), often called the Rhesus monkey and Indian monkey, is one of the best known species of Old World monkeys. 

It lives in a wide area, and has an unknown but quite large population. It lives in a broad range of habitats. Native to South, Central and Southeast Asia, troops of "Macaca mulatta" inhabit a great variety of habitats from grasslands to arid and forested areas, but also close to human settlements.

Rhesus macaques are native to northern India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Nepal, Burma, Thailand, Afghanistan, Vietnam, southern China, and some neighboring areas. They have the widest geographic ranges of any nonhuman primate. He is also known as national mammal of Pakistan.

They are regular swimmers. Babies as young as a few days old can swim, and adults are known to swim over a half mile between islands. Rhesus macaques are noted for their tendency to move from rural to urban areas, where they rely on handouts or refuse from humans.

Risso's dolphin

The Risso's dolphin ("Grampus griseus") is the only species of dolphin in the genus "Grampus".

Foreplay

Foreplay is the name for a number of things people do before they have sex. These things do not need to be directly related to having sex. Rather, they are done to sexually arouse people, to make them want each other more, Examples of things that can be used in foreplay differ among people, Most people prefer simple things that make them feel nice such as a person talking softly, a compliment, a Hug, or by being Tickled by a person they like, or even sharing similar hobbies, such as white water rafting, rocky mountain climbing or even how flexible you both are at Yoga,
Not all of these acts are physical, some can also be psychological. Common things done in foreplay include kissing, touching each other, hugging, and stimulating the others erogenous zones.

Foreplay has a well-defined function - it lowers inhibitions and makes people feel better at ease.

Foreplay has been mentioned in historic works. The Ancient Indian work "Kama Sutra" mentions different types of embracing, kissing, and marking with nails and teeth. It also mentions BDSM activities such as slapping and moaning as "play."

Based on age, religious and political background, what people do as foreplay can be quite different. Many people think that women demand more foreplay and require more time to become aroused. Recent scientific research has show that this is false, though. Scientists from McGill University Health Centre in Montreal, Canada used the method of thermal imaging to record baseline temperature change in the genital area as the definition of the time necessary for sexual arousal. Researchers studied the time required for an individual to reach the peak of sexual arousal and concluded that, on average, women and men spend almost the same time for sexual arousal — around 10 minutes.

Army (1996 movie)

Army is a 1996 Hindi movie. It was directed by Raam Shetty. The movie stars Shahrukh Khan and Sridevi in the lead role.

Arjun and Geeta are a young couple, who are deeply in love with each other. They get married, and soon have a child. Arjun gets in trouble with a well known gangster named Nagraj, and is killed. When Geeta finds out she decides to avenge Arjun's death. When Nagraj finds out that Geeta is out for vengeance, he does not believe that a lone defenseless widow can do him any harm. But Nagraj is in for a surprise when he comes face to face with Geeta and a group of young men who are dedicated to bring him down - even if they die trying.

The music for the soundtrack was written by Anand-Milind. Sameer wrote all the lyrics for the songs.

BBC Radio 5 Live

BBC Radio 5 Live (formerly BBC Radio Five Live) is the BBC's radio station that gives live BBC News, phone-ins, and sports news. It is the main radio station for sport in the United Kingdom, covering nearly all big sports events in the UK or with British competitors in, including the Olympics and the football World Cup

It is transmitted via analogue radio on 693 and 909 kHz AM in the medium wave band. These frequencies belonged to BBC Radio 2 from November 23, 1978 to August 26, 1990. Before that they were used in some regions of the UK by the BBC Home Service and BBC Radio 4. The radio is also available on digital radio in the United Kingdom via DAB, digital satellite, IPTV, Freeview, and is also streamed online. However, because of rights restrictions, coverage of some events (especially live sporting events) is not available online. Also, some of the content available online is only for UK users.

Note that Radio 5 Live operates International and UK feeds. International feeds aren't allowed to cover certain sports events because of local radio rights to those events.

Cattenom power plant

Cattenom Power Plant is a nuclear power plant. It is near Metz, Grand Est, France. It has four pressurized water reactors. Each has a capacity of 1300 megawatts. In 2006, it produced the third most electrictity of all power plants in France, behind that of Gravelines Nuclear Power Plant (near Calais) and Plaluel (near Dieppe).

Rough-toothed dolphin

The Rough-toothed dolphin ("Steno bredanensis") is a fairly large oceanic dolphin. It can be found in deep warm and tropical waters around the world.

Spinner dolphin

The spinner dolphin ("Stenella longirostris") is a small oceanic dolphin. It is found in off-shore tropical waters around the world. It is famous for its acrobatic displays in which they will spin longitudinally along their axis as they leap through the air.

Striped dolphin

The striped dolphin ("Stenella coeruleoalba") is an oceanic dolphin. They live in temperate and tropical waters of all the world's oceans. 

And did those feet in ancient time

"And did those feet in ancient time" is a short poem by William Blake. It comes in the introduction to a long poem called "Milton: a Poem" (1804). Today it is best known as the hymn Jerusalem, sung to music written by C. Hubert H. Parry in 1916, more than a century after Blake had written the poem. 

<poem>
And did those feet in ancient time
Walk upon England's mountains green?
And was the holy Lamb of God
On England's pleasant pastures seen?

And did the Countenance Divine
Shine forth upon our clouded hills?
And was Jerusalem builded here
Among these dark satanic mills?

Bring me my bow of burning gold!
Bring me my arrows of desire!
Bring me my spear! O clouds, unfold!
Bring me my chariot of fire!

I will not cease from mental fight,
Nor shall my sword sleep in my hand,
Till we have built Jerusalem
In England's green and pleasant land. 
</poem>

There is a legend that the young Jesus went to England with his uncle, Joseph of Arimathea, to England and visited Glastonbury. The poem connects this legend to an idea in the Book of Revelation ( 3:12 and 21:2) describing a Second Coming in which Jesus builds a new Jerusalem. Some Christians thought that a new Jerusalem would be like Heaven, somewhere of love and peace. The poem asks if Jesus visited England and if Heaven was created in England. Blake lived in the time of the early Industrial Revolution when there was a lot of poverty and misery. Many people think the “dark Satanic mills” were the factories where many people worked in horrible conditions. This contrasts with the country with its beauty and clean air: “England’s green and pleasant Land”. The second half of Blake's poem says people should try to establish "Jerusalem" once more.

Blake’s poem was not very well known during the 19th century, but in 1916 a collection of poems was published which included “Jerusalem”. Britain was fighting a terrible war (the First World War), and so the people needed some strong, patriotic music to give them courage. Robert Bridges, the Poet Laureate asked Parry to put it to music at a Fight for Right campaign meeting in London's Queen's Hall. He wanted Parry to write a tune that the audience would be able to sing easily. At first Parry wanted verse one to be sung by a solo female voice, but the version sung nowadays is the arrangement for orchestra made in 1922 by Sir Edward Elgar. When King George V heard it for the first time he said that he preferred "Jerusalem" to "God Save the King", the National Anthem. 

England (as distinct from Britain) does not have an official anthem and so the British National Anthem "God Save the Queen" is used for national occasions, for example before English international football matches or at the Last Night of the Proms. The song is also the unofficial anthem of the British Women's Institute. It is often sung as a hymn in churches, although people in some churches think it is not a hymn. It is also sung in many schools.

Hubert Parry

Sir Charles Hubert Hastings Parry, 1st Baronet (born Bournemouth, 27 February 1848; died Rustington, near Worthing, Sussex, 7 October 1918) was an English composer. His music influenced other English composers such as Elgar and Vaughan Williams. Parry wrote a great deal of music, but by far the best known piece he wrote is the song "Jerusalem". Another piece which is often sung is the anthem "I was glad" written for the coronation of Edward VII.

Parry was born into a rich family. He went to school in Eton and got his music degree while he was still there. He then went to Oxford to study. He learned from the English-born composer Henry Hugo Pierson in Stuttgart, and with William Sterndale Bennett and the pianist Edward Dannreuther in London. He started to compose a lot of chamber music which was first performed at Dannreuther’s house. He became famous in 1880 when Dannreuther played his piano concerto and his choral work "Prometheus Unbound" was performed at the Gloucester Festival. Other choirs started to ask him to write music for them. One of his best choral pieces was the ode "Blest Pair of Sirens" (1887). Other choral works include "Ode on Saint Cecilia's Day" (1889), the oratorios "Judith" (1888) and "Job" (1892). “Judith” includes a tune which became a well-loved hymn tune called “Repton” sung in churches to the words “Dear Lord and Father of Mankind”.

His orchestral works from this period include four symphonies, a set of Symphonic Variations in E minor, the "Overture to an Unwritten Tragedy" (1893) and the "Elegy for Brahms" (1897). He also wrote for the Greek play 'The Birds' by Aristophanes.

As Parry became more famous he got many invitations to important jobs. He started teaching at the Royal College of Music in 1884 and became its director in 1894, a post he held until his death. In 1900 he succeeded John Stainer as professor of music at Oxford University. In 1908 his doctor advised him to resign from his Oxford job.

During the last decade of his life he wrote some of his best works, including the "Symphonic Fantasia '1912"' (also called "Symphony No. 5"), the "Ode on the Nativity" (1912), "Jerusalem" (1916) and the "Songs of Farewell" which includes the song “My Soul, there is a Country”. These were songs about the needless suffering in the war. He died of influenza in Rustington, Sussex.

Parry had a lot of influence on English music in the 20th century. This was not just because of his music, but also through his teaching and his writings about music. The composers he liked best and who influenced his style were Bach and Brahms. His music is firmly tonal (always in clear major or minor keys), and Elgar and Vaughan Williams learned a lot from studying his music.

Parry was a man who always liked to help people, and so he took on a great deal of work, which did not do his health much good. When he had free time he enjoyed driving fast cars and sailing.

He was made a knight, and the first Baronet of Highnam in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1902.

The house in Richmond Hill, Bournemouth where he was born is marked with a blue plaque.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music & Musicians ed Stanley Sadie (1980) 

Gimli

Gimli can mean:


VistaPE

VistaPE is a is a project (set of scripts) for WinBuilder to create a Live CD based on the kernel of Windows Vista. <br>
VistaPE uses technology and is similar to WinPE 2.0 (from Microsoft), but has a graphical interface, more support for devices and functions, and can run almost any Windows program.



Eye of GNOME

Eye of GNOME is the official image viewer for the GNOME desktop environment. Unlike some other image viewers, Eye of GNOME will only view images. It does, however, provide basic effects for improved viewing, such as zooming, fullscreen, rotation, and transparent image background control.

Eye of GNOME supports the following file formats:


Ekiga

Ekiga (formerly called GnomeMeeting) is a free and open source VoIP and video conferencing computer application for GNOME and Windows. Ekiga supports both the SIP and H.323 (based on OpenH323) protocols and is fully interoperable with any other SIP compliant application and with Microsoft NetMeeting. It supports many high-quality audio and video codecs.

Ekiga was initially made by Damien Sandras in order to graduate from the Université catholique de Louvain. It is currently developed by a community-based team led by Sandras. The logo was designed based on his concept by Andreas Kwiatkowski, an open source enthusiast and a friend of his.





Roadmap 

One Laptop Per Child

One Laptop Per Child is an organization founded at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It is a non-profit organisation. It wants to make cheap laptops so that children in less rich countries without as much technology can also use a computer to learn. The laptop is called an XO. It has an operating system called sugar based on GNU/Linux. It also can run Windows.

Malvaceae

Malvaceae is a family of flowering plants. The family includes about 1000 species in 75 genera. They are found in tropical and temperate regions. They are not found very often in places such as Antarctica because those places are too cold for Malvaceae plants.
Okra is one example it is called lady’s finger or gumbo

Araceae

Araceae are a family of monocotyledonous flowering plants in which flowers are borne on a type of inflorescence called a spadix. The spadix is usually accompanied by, and sometimes partially enclosed in, a 'spathe' or leaf-like bract. 

Also known as the Arum family, members are often colloquially known as aroid. This family of 107 genera and over 3700 species is most diverse in the New World tropics, although also distributed in the Old World tropics and north temperate regions.

These plants often have rhizomes or tubers with calcium oxalate crystals or 'raphides' and commonly with milky sap. The leaves are alternate, simple or compound, petiolate, sometimes very large, and usually with a sheathing base.

Some genera of araceae include:

Openair Frauenfeld

Openair Frauenfeld is an annual Hip Hop music festival that takes place in Frauenfeld and is considered to be the largest Openair festival in Switzerland and the largest Hip Hop music festival in Europe. It was created in 1985 and has now taken place for 14 times. The event was originally hosted under the name "Out in the Green Festival" until it was changed to "Openair Frauenfeld" in 2007. Since then it has hosted numerous high profile celebrities and has attracted an annual turnout of around 150'000 people.

Some of the top headliners performing at Openair Frauenfeld over the past years have included Jay-Z, Eminem, Kanye West, Macklemore, Snoop Dogg, 50 Cent, Kendrick Lamar, , Wiz Khalifa, , and many more.

Kendrick Lamar, Nicki Minaj, A$ap Rocky, Tinie Tempah, Ludacris, Jason Derulo, Cypress Hill, Pusha T, Rae Stremmurd, August Alsina, G-Eazy, Logic, Travi$ Scott, Flattbush Zombies, D12

Outkast, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Pharrell Williams, NAS, T.I, WIZ KHALIFA, M.I.A, Cro, Kid INk, Schoolboy Q, IAM, YG, Iggy Azalea, A$ap Ferg, Chance the Rapper, Joey Bada$$

The festival takes place in a meadow called "Grosse Allmend" in Frauenfeld. Frauenfeld is the capital city of the canton of Thurgau.

Most people travel to the festival by train. Displaying a festival ticket to the Swiss railway company will entitle you a reduction in ticketprice. There is also limited parking near the festival reserved for festival attendees which is usually quickly filled but nonetheless there for people who prefer to attend by car.

The tickets are sold on the official website of the Openair Frauenfeld or across different swiss ticket selling platformts.

As early as December of the previous year one can get purchase ‘early bird’ and ‘springbreak’ tickets. These tickets enable you to go access the camping area one day earlier. There are only a limited number of said tickets. Standard tickets are purchasable later in the year. Children under the age of sixteen require parental permission in order to attend the festival which is validated with a signed permission slip.

Marillion, Jimmy Cliff, Third World, Aswad, Lee Perry & The Upsetters, Edoardo Bennato, Status Quo, Blue Oeyster Cult, Magnum, Katarina &The Waves, Steel Pulse, Freddie Mc Gregor, Jo Geilo Heartbreakers, Barclay James Harvest, Nils Lofgren

The Wailers, The Pogues, Rhapsody, King Sunny Ade, Uriah Heep, Nina Hagen, I.Q., T'pau, Foreigner, Sly & Robbie Package, Polo Hofer, Steve Hacket, Ziggy Marley & The Melody Makerst, Ten Years After, Status Quo, Bo Diddley & Ron Wood, Starship, Jethro Tull

Simple Minds, Chuck Berry, Status Quo, Foreigner, Bob Geldof, Kid Creole & Coconuts, The Beach Boys, Allmann Brothers Band, John Lee Hooker & Band, Vaya Con Dios, Level 42, Toto, Blues Brothers Band, Mothers Finest, Die Toten Hosen, Manfred Mann's Earthband, Little River Band

Lenny Kravitz, The Black Crowes, Chris Isaak, Mr. Big, Inner Circle, Uriah Heep, Björn Again, Midnight Oil, Living Colour, Robert Plant, Faith No More, Big Country, Bryan Adams, Heroes Del Silencio, The Jeff Healy Band, The Kinks, The Beach Boys, Sting, The Hooters

R.E.M, Clawinger, Bo Diddley, The Beautiful South, Paul Weller, Elton John, Inner Circle, Silverchair, Ugly Kid Joe, Pat Travers, The Kelly Family, Rod Steward, Dream Theater, George Thorogood & The Destr., Vanessa Mae, Faith No More, Oasis, Belly, Megadeth, Sheryl Crow, Page/Plant, The Neville Brothers, Shane Mc Gowan & The Popes, Warrant, Kix, Walter Trout Band, Nathan Cavaleri Vand, Status Quo, Chuck Berry, Slash's Snakepit, The Dubliners

David Bowie, Jamiroquai, Die Toten Hosen, Prodigy, Cake Like, Moloko, Blues Traveler, Kula Shaker, Sheryl Crow, Tic Tac Toe, Massive Attack, Jovanotti, Lewis Taylor, Spearhead, Litfiba, Alisha's Attic, Us 3, Skunk Anansie, Faith No More, Steve Winwood, The Bootleg Beatles, Echo & The Bunnymen, Fluke, Reef, Apollo 440,

The Rolling Stones, Pur, Deep Purple, Eros Ramazzotti, Bjoerk, Joe Cocker, Bob Dylan, Iggy Pop, Dave Matthews Band, Richie Sambora, Stroke, Propellerheads, Gang Starr, Transister, Anouk, K's Choice, Elisa, Joaquin Cortes, Angelique Kidjo, Les Sauterelles, Eagle- Eye Cherry, Jazzkantine, Clawfinger

James Taylor Quartett, Dog Eat Dog, Bloodhound Gang, Die Fantastischen Vier, Liz Libido, Subzonic, Björn Again, The Corrs, Alanis Morissette, Guano Apes, Betty Legler, Bananafishbones, Polo Hofer Und Schmetterband, Echt, The Cranberries

Rammstein, Shane Macgowan & The Popes,Cake,Gotthard, The Cure, Maja, Dada (Ante Portas), "A", Px-Pain, Backyard Babies, Therapy?, Clawfinger, Soulfly, Bush, Morris, Subzonic, Dream Theater, Faithless,Simple Minds, Orange Marmalade, Custommade Noise, Mild In Taste, P.M.T, Wake, Redwood, Mother Kingdom, Shruti Tribe, Twisted, Silver Inc., Roach

Pink, Söhne Mannheims, Cypress Hill, Motörhead, Guano Apes, HUN, Mary J Blige, Beginner, Gentleman, Oomph!, Die Happy, Sektion Kuckikäschtli, Asian Dub Foundation Ss, Orishas, Habib Koite, Sergent Garcia, Sheva, Pauline Taylor, Wurzel 5, Züri Slang Karaoke Superstars, Manou Gallo, Bligg, Adrian Stern, Seven, Fat Man Scoop, Beatnuts, Black Tiger, Pete Penicka, Emashie, Tambours De Brazza, Coulibaly, Sam Tschabalala & Sabeka, Musafir, Cut Killer/Abdel, Treekillaz", Carmen Fenk, Miss Moneypenny

Snoop Dogg, Jovanotti, Nightwish, Fettes Brot, In Extremo, Papa Roach, Samy Deluxe, Max Herre, Silbermond, Slunt, Helmet, Looptroop, Bagatello, The Scrucialists, Seven, Phenomden, Les Babacools, Trafficlights, Gigi Moto, Bauers, Florian Ast, Sandee

Black Eyed Peas, Busta Rhymes, Die Fantastischen Vier, Wir Sind Helden, Sportfreunde Stiller, Boodhound Gang, Gentleman, The Darkness, Kelis, Saian Supa Crew, Dog Eat Dog, Curse,Clawfinger, Joy Denalane, Double Pact, Cunninlynguists, The Locos, Gleiszwei, Godessa & Guests, Baze, Radio 200000, Breitbild, Gimma, Wurzel 5, Open Season, Chulcha Candela, Core 22, Akala, Mabon

The Prodigy, Akon, Sean Paul, Seeed, Mando Diao, The Roots, Redman, The Rasmus, Bushido, SINIK, Sido, Juli, Freundeskreis, EPMD, Samy Deluxe, The Sounds, TOK, Papoose, Gimma, Clueso, Dendemann, Sugarplum Fairy, Puppetmastaz, Karpatenhund, Bligg, Samurai, Liricas Analas, Triplenine, 6er Gascho, Griot, Cigi & Straight outta Mama, Famara

Jay-Z, Wu-Tang Clan, Cypress Hill, The Hives, Jan Delay & Disko No 1, Ice Cube, IAM, Common, Stress, Fettes Brot, Patrice, Looptroop, Culcha Candela, Dynamite Deluxe, Stephen Marley, Blumentopf, Kool Savas, Dog Eat Dog, General Degree, Sektion Kuchikäschtli, Swollen Members, Ce'Cile, K.I.Z, Breitbild, Cool Kids, Die Happy, Revolverheld, OBK, Le Peuple De L'Herbe, Chlyklass, Karamelo Santo, Radio 200000, Disgroove, Madd Family, Semantik, Manillio

Kanye West, 50 Cent, Lil Wayne, Gentleman, Sido, N.E.R.D, The Game, La Coka Nostra, Deichkind, Jedi Mind Tricks, Turbonegro, Bligg, Immortal Technique, Hilltop Hoods, Sammy DEluxe, Madcon, Gimma, Dendemann, Prinz Pi, Phenomden, Lircas Analas, Nega

Eminem, Jay Z, Die Fantastischen Vier, Nas, Damien Marley, Jan Delay, Raekwon, Diam's, Dizzee Rascal, IAM, Culcha Candela, Stress, Hilltop Hoods, D12, Samy Deluxe, Wale, KIZ, Tech N9ne, Marcelo D2, The Knux, Ebony Bones!, Clipse, Hocus Pocus, Brother Ali, Irie Révoltés, Gimma & Friends, Breitbild, Greis, Jahcoustix, The Yard Vibes Crew, Larry F, Casper, Bandit, Blue King Brown, Urthboy

Snoop Dogg, Cypress Hill, Wu-Tang Clan, The Roots, Ice Cube, Taio Cruz, Pitbull, Lupe Fiasco, Black Star, Deichkind, Public Enemy, Big Boi, M.O.P., Bushido, Soprano, Kool Savas, Ziggy Marley, Sens Unik, Samy Deluxe, Far East Movement, Ofwgkta, Jay Electronica, Yeawolf, Curren$y, Marteria, Snowgoons, Atmosphere, Ryan Leslie, Cunninlynguists, AZAD, F.R., Tommy Vercetti, LDDC

Drake, 50 Cent, NAS, Sean Paul, Rick Ross, Wiz Khalifa, Mos Def, J. Cole, Beginner, Sido, Mac Miller, Tinie Tempah, Jedi Mind Tricks, Max Herre, Samy Deluxe, K.I.Z., Marsimoto, Yeawolf, Hilltop Hoods, A$AP Rocky, Royce da 5'9, Lords of the Underground, Dilated Peoples, Beenie Man, Phenomden, Soja, Lady Saw, Steff la Cheffe, Macklemore

Snoop Lion, Seeed, Run Dmc, Jurassic 5, Tyga, A$AP Rocky, B.o.B, C2C, Wu-Tang Clan, A Tribe Called Quest

Outkast, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Pharrell Williams, NAS, T.I, Wiz Khalifa, M.I.A, Cro, Kid INk, Schoolboy Q, IAM, YG, Iggy Azalea, A$AP Ferg, Chance the Rapper, Joey Bada$$

Kendrick Lamar, Nicki Minaj, A$AP Rocky, Cypress Hill, Casper, Deichkind, The Roots, Jason Derulo, Ludacris, Pusha T, Tinie Tempah, C2C, Danny Brown, Rae Sremmurd, August Alsina, G-Eazy, Logic, Travi$ Scott, Flattbush Zombies, D12

Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, 50 Cent, Major Lazer, J. Cole, Wiz Khalifa, Future, Sido, K.I.Z., Bryson Tiller, Mobb Deep, Kool Savas, Young Thug, A$AP Ferg, Genetikk, Gostface Killah, Action Bronson, Ty Dolla $ign, Blumentopf, Lo & Leduc, Yeawolf, Hopsin, Cunninlynguists, Mick Jenkins, Dodo, Elijah

The Weeknd, NAS, Casper, Travis Scott, Cro, G-Eazy, Gucci Mane, Maître Gims, Marteria, Mac Miller, Bushido & Shindy, Rae Sremmurd, 187 Strassenbande, Bonez MC & Raf Camora, Flatbush Zombies, Fler, MHD, Machine Gun Kelly, Talib Kwelli & The Soul Rebels, Desiigner, Lil Yachty, Hilltop Hoods, Kontra K, Lady Leshurr, Lil Dicky, Nimo, Olexesh, UFO361, KMN Gang, SXTN


Omega SA

Omega SA is Swiss watch manufacturer. It belongs to the Swatch Group of companies. It is in Biel-Bienne (Switzerland). Omega SA produces watches of a high standard. It was founded in 1848 by Louis Brandt in La Chaux-de-Fonds (Switzerland). There are many famous people that promote Omega SA including Michael Schuhmacher, George Clooney, Cindy Crawford and Nicole Kidman.

The beginning of Omega was 1848 in La Chaux-de-Fonds. Louis Brandt opened a factory that produced watches. The watches made there carried the name Louis Brandt. After the death of Brandt, his sons transferred the production to Biel/Bienne (Switzerland). There, they started to produce their watches industrially. In 1898, "Louis Brandt & frères" employed more than 500 workers.

In 1894 they changed their name to Omega, named after their first watch.

In 1904, the Brandt brothers died, and the company came into the hands of their children. In the following years, Omega became a highly prestigious watch manufacturer. In 1925, Omega started to work with Tissot, another watch manufacturer.

Today Omega belongs to the Swatch Group.

Many filmmakers have Omega watches in their movies. For example, Pierce Brosnan wore an Omega Seamaster Quartz Professional in "James Bond" movies starting with the movie "Golden Eye". In all later movies, Brosnan wore an Omega Seamaster Professional Chronometer.

Daniel Craig also wears Omega in his "James Bond" movies. He even mentions the watch manufacturer by name in the movie.

At the moment, Omega SA is the official timekeeper for the Olympic Games. Their first time was 1932 at Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. They were the timekeeper in the 2006 Winter Olympics, and in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.

As a sponsor for the Emirates Team New Zealand, Omega introduced the Seamaster NZL-32 chronograph in 2007. The name is the same as the name of the boat that won the America's Cup in 1995.

Bierhübeli

Bierhübeli-oder auch Sahli genannt is the name of a concert hall in the center of Berne, Switzerland. Many famous artists from all around the world have played there including Sugarhill Gang, Adam Green, Sportfreunde Stiller, Wir sind Helden, Joy Denalane and Bad Religion. 
From 1729 there has been a restaurant there called "Bierhübeli". In 1847 the "Bierhübeli" restaurant burned down. After that, they decided to build a hall as well as rebuilding the restaurant. It was finished in 1912. The hall was named after the restaurant. 

Many styles of music are played there, ranging from rock and metal to rap and hip-hop. 

The stage, the walls and the floor are made of wood. There is also a bar in the hall. In the hall, the audience feels very close to the artist. The sound in the hall is very rich, because of the shape and the way the building was made.

Hakan Yakin

Hakan Yakin () (born 22 February 1977 in Basel, Switzerland) is a Swiss former football player and current manager of Turkish origin. He is the brother of Murat Yakin and half-brother of former Swiss football professional Ertan Irizik.

Yakin's biggest success was the winning of the Swiss Super League and the Swiss Cup with the Basel in 2002. With the Swiss national team, he took part at the UEFA Champions League in 2004 and 2008 and at the World Cup in Germany in 2006. Yakin is a specialist in free-kicks and final passes.

Yakin received the award for the "Most Valuable Player" in Swiss football in 2003 and 2008.

He currently plays for Al-Gharafa (Qatar).

324||118
9||0
2||0
15||5
350||123

!Total||79||20

Lyss

Lyss is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It has a population of 11,000 people. About 84% of these people are Swiss German. Politically, Lyss can be called a city. The name "Lyss" comes from the local river Lyssbach.

On 1 January 2011, the old municipality of Busswil bei Büren was combined with Lyss.


Globi

Globi is a Swiss cartoon character. He is often called the Swiss Mickey Mouse. Globi is one of the most famous cartoon figures in the Swiss-German part of Switzerland. It was created in 1932 by the Globus department store chain for advertising. It is a blue human-like parrot with a black beret and trousers in black and red. It was so much liked by the children in Switzerland that it got published independently in 1944. There are a many Globi cartoon books and tapes in Switzerland today. Its appearance has changed several times since his development.

Globi was created in 1932 by the Globus stores as a media vehicle for children. They wanted to address Globi to children. First, the figure was named "Kimbukku". Because the people of the canton of Bale named the Globus warehouse "Globi", they thought would be a better name than Kimbukku. The figure was well liked by the young customers from the beginning. First "Globi" appeared as a comic strip in the magazine "der Globi". In 1935, the first book "Globi the Childfriend" appeared. This book has sold over a million copies. It was only really successful in Switzerland. Until today, 79 illustrated classic books have been published. The Globi books were always successful, but in the 1970s they were criticized because of the racism, sexism and violence in books of the 1940s and 1950s. Today, Globi is seen as politically correct. It started to be interested in ecology and animal protection and became more of a role model. For example, in a newer volume, Globi goes with the small rhino named Najma to Africa. The readers learn about the problems of life in the savanna of Africa for rhinos. There was also a movie with Globi in the cinemas in 2005.

Because of the big success of Globi, the costs for the warehouse became too big. Because of this, Globi Publisher AG was founded in 1944. Since 1 January 2007, the Globi Publisher AG has been owned by Orell Füssli Publisher. The publisher is active in the Swiss market. In addition to books, they sell other Globi merchandise. These include dishes, cutlery, watches and alarm clocks, plush toys, drapery, lamps, card games and foods. There are also tourist attractions such as Globi hotel, a trail and a bus. In December 2008, a Globi winter park was built in Engelberg. In addition to Globi, other characters including Papa-Moll and Glöbeli exist. Yearly, over 80,000 Globi comic books, 40,000 educational Globi books, between 25,000 and 30,000 Papa-Moll books and 100,000 cassettes are sold.

Today Globi Publisher employs 4 permanent employee, 2 exponents, 3-4 graphic artists and bookkeepers and about 10-12 illustrators and writers.


Beret

A beret is a soft, round type of hat. They are similar to caps, but without the peak at the front. Berets are usually made of felt or a similar material. Berets are often worn in France. 

Berets are worn as part of the uniform of many military and police units across the world. Many other organizations also wear berets for different purposes.

Premature birth

Premature birth is when a baby is born before the normal end of pregnancy. In humans, a pregnancy normally lasts for about nine months or 266 days.

Babies who are born before 37 complete weeks of pregnancy (calculated from the last menstrual period) are said to be "premature". In the United States, about 12% of the babies are born prematurely (that is about one in every eight babies). In 2003, there were over 490,000 premature births. 

Worldwide rates of prematurity are more difficult to get. In developing countries, there is often no professional medical care for these babies. This makes it difficult to tell how far along the pregnancy really was. For this reason, the World Health Organization tracks rates of low birth weight instead. In 2000, 16.5% of babies born in developing countries were of low birth weight. About one-third of these low birth weight deliveries are due to premature delivery.

The risk of having a problem (called a "complication") is higher in shorter pregnancies. Babies born prematurely die more often in their first year of life than others. Most such deaths occur in the first month of life, which is called "neonatal mortality". 

Worldwide, prematurity causes 10% of neonatal mortality, or around 500,000 deaths per year. In the U.S., where many infections and other causes of neonatal death have been markedly reduced, prematurity is the leading cause of neonatal mortality at 25%. Prematurely born infants are also at greater risk of developing serious health problems, such as cerebral palsy, chronic lung disease, gastrointestinal problems, mental retardation, vision loss, or hearing loss. They are also more likely to have depression as teenagers.

Nearly half of all premature births have no known cause. When conditions permit, doctors may attempt to stop premature labor, so that the pregnancy can have a chance to continue to full term. This will increase the baby's chances of health and survival. 

In the United States, the rate of premature births has increased 30% in the past two decades.

In developed countries, many hospitals have special facilities for prematurely born infants. This type of hospital unit is usually called a "neonatal intensive care unit" (NICU, pronounced "NICK-you"). In the NICU, premature babies are kept warm in incubators or other warming machines. They are enclosed in plastic with equipment which keeps them warm and keeps germs away from them. 

Modern neonatal intensive care involves sophisticated measurement of temperature, respiration, heart function, oxygen supply, and brain activity. Treatments may include fluids and nutrition given through intravenous catheters; oxygen, breathing support; and medications. 

In developing countries, where advanced equipment may not be available or reliable, simple measures such as "kangaroo care" (skin-to-skin warming), encouraging breastfeeding, and basic infection control measures help reduce death rate and illness.

The earliest time in the pregnancy where the infant has at least a 50% chance of survival is called the "limit of viability". In countries with good health care, viability has been reduced to about 24 weeks. Rare survivors have been documented as early as 21 weeks, but this date is controversial because the pregnancy was measured from the date of conception rather than the date of her mother's last menstrual period. This makes gestation appear 2 weeks less than if calculated by the more common method. Risk of brain damage and developmental delay is significant at that early time. Even if the infant lives, there are ethical controversies over the care given to such infants. The limit of viability has also become a factor in the abortion debate.

Autoclave

An autoclave is a device that uses pressure to heat aqueous solutions above their boiling point. It is done to kill microbiological organisms, called sterilization. The autoclave was invented by Charles Chamberland in 1879.

Martin O'Neill

Martin Hugh Michael O'Neill, OBE (b. 1 March 1952) is an Northern Irish football manager. He is currently the manager of Sunderland F.C., and has previously managed Celtic F.C.. and Aston Villa F.C. O'Neill was born in Kilrea, Northern Ireland.

Jim Duffy

James Duffy (born 27 April 1959) is a former Scottish football player and manager.

Nicotine replacement therapy

The nicotine in cigarettes and other tobacco products makes people dependent. When they quit, they will get withdrawal symptoms. Nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) is there to reduce the dependency symptoms. This is usually done by delivering nicotine (or a substance very similar to it) in other ways. Common methods include "nicotine patches" and chewing gums with nicotine in them.

Cigarettes are responsible for the deaths of about 5 million people each year. These people are not killed by the nicotine in the cigarette, but by other substances in tobacco smoke such as carbon monoxide and tars. 

NRT delivers nicotine to the smoker's brain in a much slower way than cigarettes do. It helps to damp down the urges to smoke that most smokers have in the early days and weeks after quitting, rather than remove them totally. It gives the smoker the chance to break smoking cues in their daily lives, and might provide a more comfortable exit from the smoking habit. NRT however is best used with some form of support, ideally from someone who knows something about smoking cessation.

In 2005 the Committee on the Safety of Medicines recommended that NRT be given to pregnant smokers and to adolescent smokers. 

Findings from a recent Cochrane review of controlled trials testing NRT products (Stead et al. 2008) showed that smokers using NRT were 1.5 to 2 times more likely to have stopped smoking at followup than those in the placebo or control treatment condition. 

Nicotine is the addictive drug in tobacco products so there is a chance when using NRT products to become addicted to those products. NRT products are safer then smoking tobacco. NRT products are generally expensive, sometimes even more so then cigarettes, so a minority of people may become addicted to the NRT product and turn back to tobacco products to save money.


An electronic cigarette is an electronic item used instead of cigarettes. It gives a little nicotine, propylene glycol, and sometimes flavours, when you breathe through it. It was invented in China.



University of California, Berkeley

The University of California, Berkeley (also referred to as Cal, Berkeley and UC Berkeley) is a major university in Berkeley, California, United States. The oldest of the ten major campuses affiliated with the University of California, Berkeley offers some 300 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines. The university occupies 6651 acres with the central campus resting on approximately 200 acres.

The university was founded in 1868 when the private College of California and the public Agricultural, Mining, and Mechanical Arts College merged. Berkeley was a founding member of the Association of American Universities and 61 Nobel Laureates have been affiliated with the university as faculty, researchers and alumni. Berkeley physicists worked on the Manhattan Project during World War II and the university now manages the nation's two principal nuclear weapons laboratories: "Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory" and "Los Alamos National Laboratory". UC Berkeley has admitted both men and women since 1871.

Berkeley student-athletes compete intercollegiately as the "California Golden Bears". A member of both the Pacific-12 Conference and the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation in the NCAA, Cal students have won national titles in many sports, including football, men's basketball, baseball, softball, water polo, rugby and crew. In addition, they have won over 100 Olympic medals. The official colors of the university and its athletic teams are Berkeley blue and California gold.


Metadata

Metadata (also "Meta data") is data about data, that is information about other information. This is often useful. Libraries usually group books by subject and keep a catalog of the books. In that context the metadata in the catalog include various pieces of information including the author and the subject it is classified under. The index and table of contents of a book also present metadata.

Digital cameras allow people to take pictures. Here the data is the picture taken, and the metadata is information about the picture taken, like when (the date and time), photographic exposure, focal length and other technical details about how the camera made the picture. Some cameras, especially smartphones, have GPS and can include the location in metadata.

Failure rate

Failure rate is the frequency with which an engineered system or component fails. Usually it is expressed in a number of failures per time period, like failures per hour. It is often written as the Greek letter λ (lambda) and is important in reliability theory. In practice, the closely related Mean Time Between Failures is more commonly expressed and used for high quality components or systems.

Failure rate usually increases with time. For example, a car failure rate in its fifth year of service may be many times greater than in the first year of service. Nobody expects to replace an exhaust pipe or worn brake pads in a new car.

Mean Time Between Failures is closely related to failure rate. If the likelihood of failure is constant with respect to time (for example, in some product like a brick or protected steel beam), and ignoring the time to recover from failure, failure rate is simply the inverse of the Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF). MTBF is an important specification parameter in all aspects of high importance engineering design–such as naval architecture, aerospace engineering, automotive design, etc.–in short, any task where failure in a key part or of the whole of a system needs be minimized and stopped, particularly where lives might be lost if such factors are not taken into account. These factors account for many safety and maintenance practices in engineering and industry practices and government regulations, such as how often inspections and overhauls are required on an aircraft.

A similar ratio used in the transport industries, especially in railways and trucking is 'Mean Distance Between Failure', a variation which attempts to correlate actual loaded distances to similar reliability needs and practices.

Failure rates are important factors in insurance, business, and regulation practices as well as fundamental to design of safe systems throughout a national or international economy.

Copy-on-write

Copy-on-write (COW) is a means of optimisation in Computer Science. When several callers ask for the same resource, they can all be given a pointer to the same address. Only when they try to change the resource does a local copy need to be made. This happens without the caller noticing. It is done so that all the other callers do not see the change they did not do. 

Write Anywhere File Layout

Write Anywhere File Layout (WAFL) is a file system. It was developed with large RAID arrays in mind. After a failure, the RAID array can be directly restarted. Other features like making the filesystem bigger without taking it offline are also supported.

Tibetan blue bear

The Tibetan bear or Tibetan blue bear ("Ursus arctos pruinosus") is a subspecies of the brown bear ("Ursus arctos"). It is found in the eastern Tibetan Plateau.(In the Himalayas).

Tibetan red deer

The Tibetan red deer ("Cervus affinis affinis" or "Cervus affinis wallichi"), also known as shou, is a subspecies of Central Asian Red Deer that is native to the Tibetan highlands of Central Asia.

Wild goat

The wild goat ("Capra aegagrus") is a mammal of the Caprinae subfamily.
The wild goat is a widespread species, with a distribution ranging from Europe and Asia Minor to central Asia and the Middle East.

The wild goat is an ancestor of the domestic goat.
Wild goats do not rely on humans for shelter, food or medical care

Asiatic wildcat

The Asiatic wildcat ("Felis silvestris ornata") is also known as the Asian Steppe wildcat or Indian Desert cat. It is a subspecies of the Wildcat. 

It lives mainly in the Thar Desert, and the Rann of Kutch in India and Pakistan. It is about the size of a domestic cat, with a pale yellowish body marked with black spots.


Western woolly flying squirrel

The woolly flying squirrel ("Eupetaurus cinereus") is a squirrel. It is the only species of the genus "Eupetaurus". 

Until recently scientific knowledge of this rare species was limited to 11 skins collected in the late nineteenth century. However, recent research has confirmed that it is still extant in Pakistan-administered Kashmir (P.A.K). It is the longest member of the family Sciuridae and the most massive gliding animal known, but observations confirm that despite its size, it does glide effectively like other flying squirrels.

Wild yak

The wild yak ("Bos mutus") is a large wild bovid native to the Himalayas in Central Asia. It is the ancestor of the domestic yak ("Bos grunniens").

Most yaks are domestic, which means they live on farms run by people. There are a few wild yak but there are not many left and are in danger of extinction. There may be as few as 100 yak left in the wild. Wild male yaks stand about 2–2.2 meters tall at the shoulder, the females about 1 metre. Domestic Yaks are shorter, between 1 and 2 metres for both males and females. All yaks have long, thick hair to keep them warm in the cold places they live. Wild yaks can be black or brown. Some domestic yaks are white. All kinds of yaks have horns. 

Yaks are herd animals. This means they live in groups called "herds". Yaks are "herbivores", they don't eat meat. The oldest yaks can live up to 25 years.

STV (TV channel)

STV is a free television channel in Scotland. It is part of the ITV network. It is one of the five main channels in Northern and Central Scotland. It started in 2006, when the old Grampian Television (Northern Scotland) and Scottish Television (Central Scotland) were merged. STV has the channel 3 licence in these areas. In the Scottish Borders, ITV is shown. STV's director is Gordon MacMillan.

Scotsport

Scotsport is a television programme on STV in Scotland. It covers the results of football in Scottish games.

BBC Scotland

BBC Scotland is a part of the BBC in Scotland. It operates the television and radio channels in Scotland.


BBC Radio Scotland

BBC Radio Scotland is BBC Scotland's national English language radio network. It broadcasts a wide variety of programming including news, sport, music, the arts, comedy, drama, history and lifestyle. It replaced the Scottish opt-out part of BBC Radio 4 in November 1978.

BBC Radio Scotland was founded as a full-time radio network in 1978, although the name had been used since 1974 for the Scottish opt-out parts of BBC Radio 4. The creation of a separate network was made possible when Radio 4 became a fully national network and moved from medium wave to long wave.

Opt-out stations were established in Inverness and Aberdeen in 1976, followed by Orkney and Shetland in 1977, and Selkirk and Dumfries in 1983. Previously planned opt-outs in Edinburgh, Glasgow and Dundee were never realised.

The station broadcasts a wide range of programming including news, debate, music and sport commentaries.

News and current affairs programming has always constituted the dominant part of BBC Radio Scotland's schedules, especially on weekdays. In addition to regular news bulletins (usually hourly), the station broadcasts a wide range of longer in-depth news and current affairs programmes.

Good Morning Scotland (weekdays, 0600-0900) is Scotland's longest-running radio programme and one of the most popular in the country. It provides regular news, sport, business, travel and weather bulletins along with interviews and in-depth reports. It is similar to BBC Radio 4's "Today" programme, but from a Scottish perspective. It also includes the daily religious slot "Thought for the Day", again similar to that broadcast on Radio 4's "Today" programme.

The other daily news and current affairs strands are the "Morning Extra" phone-in (0905-1000), "Scotland Live" (1200-1245), "Newsdrive" (1600-1800) and the political news programme "Scotland At Ten" (2205-2230).

Weekend programmes include "Newsweek Scotland" (Sat, 0800-0900), "Shereen" (Sun, 0900-1000) and "The Business" (Sun, 1000-1030).

Like Radio 5 Live, BBC Radio Scotland covers most of the major sporting events in Scotland. It holds exclusive rights to the Scottish Premier League and operates its Sportsound programme on a multitude of frequencies on Saturdays when games are being played. Other sporting events that can be heard on Radio Scotland include both of Scotland's domestic football cup competitions, Scotland football internationals and European games affecting Scottish teams and the rugby union Six Nations championships. Alongside the live action sports programmes, Radio Scotland also produces popular sporting shows such as football fanzine Off the Ball, phone-in forum "Your Call with Jim Traynor" and the multi-sports programme "Sports Weekly", presented by former Scotland rugby player, John Beattie.

Orkney and Shetland each have a half hour daily news programme — "Around Orkney" (0730-0800) and "Good Evening Shetland" (1730-1800). During the winter months, this is supplemented for both areas by an hour long programme, broadcast Monday-Friday, between 1805-1900. Local bulletins are broadcast from Selkirk, Dumfries, Aberdeen and Inverness throughout the day.

Controllers of BBC Radio Scotland hold the title "Head of Radio, BBC Scotland" on account of BBC Scotland's radio productions for other BBC networks.


Daily Record

The Daily Record is a Scottish newspaper printed in Glasgow. For many years, it had been the best-selling daily paper in Scotland, with average sales of 363,411 as of April 2008.

Daily Mirror

The Daily Mirror is a British newspaper. It was founded on 2 November 1903.

The "Daily Mirror" was launched on 2 November 1903 by Alfred Harmsworth (later Lord Northcliffe) as a newspaper for women, run by women. Hence the name: he said, "I intend it to be really a mirror of feminine life as well on its grave as on its lighter sides...to be entertaining without being frivolous, and serious without being dull", and also invited men to read it. It cost one penny.

It was not an immediate success. In 1904, he decided to turn it into a pictore newspaper, changing the masthead to "The Daily Illustrated Mirror" and made Hamilton Fyfe editor who then fired all the women journalists. This name ran from 26 January to 27 April 1904 (issues 72 to 150), then reverted to "The Daily Mirror". The first issue did not have advertisements on the front page as previously, but instead news text and engraved pictures (of a traitor and an actress), with the promise of photographs inside. Two days later, the price was dropped to one halfpenny and to the masthead was added: "A paper for men and women". This combination was more successful: by issue 92, the guaranteed circulation was 120,000 copies and by issue 269, it had grown to 200,000:

Harmsworth sold the newspaper to his brother Harold Harmsworth (from 1914 Lord Rothermere) in 1913. In 1917, the price was increased to one penny. Circulation continued to grow: in 1919, some issues sold more than 1 million copies a day, making it the largest daily picture paper.

By the mid 1930s, the "Mirror" was struggling – it and the "Mail" were the main casualties of the early 1930s circulation war that saw the "Daily Herald" and the "Daily Express" establish circulations of more than two million, and Rothermere decided to sell his shares in it.

In the late 1930s the paper moved from being a conservative, middle-class newspaper into a left-wing paper for the working class. The "Mirror" was the first UK paper to adopt the look of the New York tabloids. By 1939, it was selling 1.4 million copies a day.

It was threatened with closure in World War II because Churchill thought a cartoon made fun of the navy. The cartoon showed a sailor clinging to a piece of wreckage. It attacked the waste of petrol, and other goods, that sailors were trying to bring across the Atlantic and avoid being killed by German submarines.

The "Mirror"'s mass working-class readership had made it the United Kingdom's best-selling daily tabloid newspaper. In 1960, it bought the "Daily Herald" (the popular daily of the labour movement) when it bought Odhams, in one of a series of takeovers which created the International Publishing Corporation (IPC). The "Mirror" management did not want the "Herald" competing with the "Mirror" for readers, and in 1964, relaunched it as a mid-market paper, now named the "Sun". When it failed to win readers, the "Sun" was sold to Rupert Murdoch — who immediately relaunched it as a more populist and sensationalist tabloid as a direct competitor to the "Mirror". In 1978, "The Sun" overtook the "Mirror" in circulation, and in 1984 the "Mirror" was sold to Robert Maxwell.

After Maxwell's death in 1991, the "Mirror" went through a protracted crisis before merging with the regional newspaper group Trinity to form Trinity Mirror in 1999. In recent years, the paper's circulation has also been overtaken by that of the "Daily Mail".

The Daily and Sunday Mirror are now printed at Watford and Oldham by Trinity Mirror.

In 2002, the "Mirror" changed its masthead logo from red to black, because the term "red top" is a name for a sensationalist mass-market tabloid. Sometimes it was blue. On 6 April 2005, the red top came back.

Under then-editor Piers Morgan, it opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and ran many front pages critical of the war. It also gave financial support to the 15 February 2003 anti-war protest, paying for a large screen and providing thousands of placards.

The "Mirror"'s front page on 4 November 2004, after the re-election of George W. Bush as U.S. President, read "How can 59,054,087 people be so DUMB?". It gave a list of states and their average IQ, showing the Bush states all below average intelligence (except for Virginia), and all Kerry states at or above average intelligence. The source for this table was "The Economist", though it was a hoax. Richard Wallace became editor in 2004.

Source: "Tabloid Nation" p. 248.


Boiga

Boiga is a large genus of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snakes typically known as the cat-eyed snakes or just cat snakes. 


"Boiga" at The Reptile Database

Bungarus

Bungarus is a genus of elapid snakes. They are commonly known as kraits. Kraits are venomous. They are found in India and South-East Asia.

Common krait

The Common Krait ("Bungarus caeruleus") is a type of snake that is found in the jungles of India. This snake is a very poisonous. It is one of the "big four" snakes in India.

Daboia

Daboia is an Old World venomous vipers. It was named after Patrick Russell (1726-1805). Patrick Russell was a Scottish
herpetologist, who studied many Indian snakes. The Russell's Viper is one of the four most venomous snakes in India, and it causes the most deaths of all the venomous snakes. 

Russell's vipers can grow up to the length of 166 centimeters (5.5 ft), but they are usually around the length of 120 centimeters (4 ft). The Russell's viper is usually dark yellow or brown in colour with many black spots. The viper is found in Asia.

Russell's Viper is found in open grassy and bushy areas, farmlands, coastal lowlands, plains and hills. 

The Russell's Viper is Terrestrial (lives on the ground) and is usually nocturnal, but in cool weathers it is diurnal. When threaten it raises its head and makes a hissing noise which is said to be louder than other snakes. Their bite may sometimes be a simple snap, or sometimes the jaws hang on to the enemy for a few seconds. Adults are said to be slow and sluggish but when disturbed they become aggressive. Since of its aggressiveness and venom many animals and people are scared of this snake. That is why another snake, Rough-scaled Sand Boa, mimics the color pattern of the Russell's Viper so it looks like the Russell's Viper, but it is actually harmless. Adult's venom glands hold around 21–268 mg of venom, while young one's venom glands hold around 8–79 mg of venom.

The Russell's Viper eats rodents such as rats, mice, and squirrels, land crabs, lizards, shrews, scorpions and other arthropods. Young Russell's Vipers are said to be cannibals, meaning they eat each other.

The Russell's Viper is viviparous: they give live birth. They mate early in the year and a female is pregnant for around six months before giving birth to her young in May to November, but usually in June or July. A female gives birth to around 20-40 young at a time, and the young are around 215-260 millimeters long when they are born. A Russell's Viper becomes mature after around 2–3 years.

Not including the nominate subspecies, the Indian Russell's Viper ("D. r. russelii"), there is only one subspecies, the Eastern Russell's Viper ("D. r. siamensis").

Geoclemys hamiltonii

Black Pond turtle or Spotted Pond turtle "Geoclemys hamiltonii" is a species of turtle found in South Asia.

Atomicity

Modern database systems are governed by the ACID principle. In that context, several operations can be grouped into what is called a transaction. From the outside, there are two points in time: before the transaction, and after the transaction. If one operation of this transaction fails, the whole transaction will. In other words: Either all the operations are done, or none is. An example of an atomic transaction is a monetary transfer from bank account A to account B. 

Reed–Solomon error correction

Reed-Solomon error correction is a forward error correction code. It works by oversampling a polynomial constructed from the data. The polynomial is evaluated at several points, and these values are sent or recorded. Sampling the polynomial more often than is necessary makes the polynomial over-determined. As long as it receives "many" of the points correctly, the receiver can recover the original polynomial even in the presence of a "few" bad points. 

Reed-Solomon codes are used in many different kinds of commercial applications, for example in CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray Discs, in data transmission technologies such as DSL & WiMAX, and broadcast systems such as DVB and ATSC.
Reed-Solomon codes are block codes. This means that a fixed block of input data is processed
into a fixed block of output data. In the case of the most commonly used R-S code (255, 223) – 223 Reed-Solomon input symbols (each eight bits long) are encoded into 255 output symbols.

The Reed-Solomon code, like the convolutional code, is a transparent code. This means that if
the channel symbols have been inverted somewhere along the line, the decoders will still
operate. The result will be the complement of the original data. However, the Reed-Solomon
code loses its transparency if virtual zero fill is used. For this reason it is mandatory that the
sense of the data (i.e., true or complemented) be resolved before Reed-Solomon decoding.

In the case of the Voyager program R-S codes reach near optimal performance when concatenated with the (7, 1/2) convolutional (Viterbi) inner code. Since two check symbols are required for each error to be corrected, this results in a total of 32 check symbols and 223 information symbols per codeword.

In addition, the Reed-Solomon codewords can be interleaved on a symbol basis before being
convolutionally encoded. Since this separates the symbols in a codeword, it becomes less likely
that a burst from the Viterbi decoder disturbs more than one Reed-Solomon symbol in any one
codeword.

The key idea behind a Reed-Solomon code is that the data encoded is first visualized as a polynomial. The code relies on a theorem from algebra that states that any "k" distinct points "uniquely" determine a polynomial of degree at most "k"-1. 

The sender determines a degree formula_1 polynomial, over a finite field, that represents the formula_2 data points. The polynomial is then "encoded" by its evaluation at various points, and these values are what is actually sent. During transmission, some of these values may become corrupted. Therefore, more than "k" points are actually sent. As long as enough values are received correctly, the receiver can deduce what the original polynomial was, and decode the original data.

In the same sense that one can correct a curve by interpolating past a gap, a Reed-Solomon code can bridge a series of errors in a block of data to recover the coefficients of the polynomial that drew the original curve.

The code was invented in 1960 by Irving S. Reed and Gustave Solomon, who were then members of MIT Lincoln Laboratory. Their seminal article was entitled "Polynomial Codes over Certain Finite Fields." When it was written, digital technology was not advanced enough to implement the concept. The first application, in 1982, of RS codes in mass-produced products was the compact disc, where two interleaved RS codes are used. An efficient decoding algorithm for large-distance RS codes was developed by Elwyn Berlekamp and James Massey in 1969. Today RS codes are used in hard disk drive, DVD, telecommunication, and digital broadcast protocols.

GNU Parted

GNU Parted is a free computer program for creating, destroying, resizing, checking, and copying partitions, and the file systems on them. This is useful for creating space for new operating systems, reorganising hard disk usage, copying data between hard disks, and disk imaging. It was written by Andrew Clausen and Lennert Buytenhek.

GParted is a graphical program using the parted libraries. It is adapted for GTK+. It is often included as utility on many live CD distributions to make partitioning easier.

Continuum (album)

Continuum is the 3rd studio album by rock musician John Mayer. The album was released in September 2006. The album holds singles by "John Mayer" like "Waiting on the World to Change", "Gravity", and "Belief".

The album features mainly new songs, though "Gravity" and "Vultures" are available in live versions from John Mayer Trio's "Try!", and "", which is a Jimi Hendrix cover: the first Hendrix cover that Mayer has ever recorded as a studio release (although Mayer has recorded other Hendrix songs over time in live settings such as "The Wind Cries Mary" and "Wait Until Tomorrow"). (Mayer had played "Bold as Love" live many times prior to the release of "Continuum" such as on the televised "Tsunami Aid: A Concert of Hope" which aired on January 15, 2005.) The album contains a collaboration between Mayer and 8-string guitarist Charlie Hunter on the song "In Repair".



Album

Chir pine

The Chir pine (Pinus roxburghii) named after William Roxburgh, is a pine native to the Himalayas. It has little green needle type leaves.

Ulmus villosa

Ulmus villosa (Brandis ex Gamble, the Cherry-bark Elm) is one of the more distinctive Asiatic elms. It can live a long time.

Transformers

Transformers are make-believe robots that are made by a toy company named Hasbro. In the story, they come from a planet called Cybertron. There are two main types of Transformers. These are the Autobots, the good guys, and the Decepticons, the bad guys. The leader of the Autobots is named Optimus Prime, and the leader of the Decepticons is named Megatron. Transformers can transform into different things like cars, planes, guns, and animals. Transformers were first made in 1984. There have been many different Transformers toys and stories since then.

Some people call the first Transformers toys, shows, and comics "G1" or "Generation One". The first Transformers toys were made in Japan. In Japan, the toys were from different toy lines called Microman and Diaclone. Hasbro took some of the same toys, gave some of them different colors, and called them Transformers. They asked a comic book writer named Bob Budiansky to name the robots. Bob Budiansky also decided what the robots liked, what they disliked, and how they felt about things. In Japan, at first the robots did not have names and were not alive. They were just machines that were driven by people. Bob Budiansky also wrote the Transformers comic book that was made by Marvel Comics. Spider-Man was even in one of the early Transformers comics.

There was also a Transformers cartoon on TV. The TV show told a different story than the comic book. In the cartoon, the Autobots were looking for energy (called energon, which was also the life-blood of the Transformers.) and the Decepticons chased them to Earth. In the comic book, the Autobots had to stop an asteroid (a big rock in space) from crashing into Cybertron. Another difference is that the story behind each character is different in the cartoon for a lot of robots, like the Dinobots, Jetfire (who is called Skyfire on TV), the Constructicons, and Omega Supreme. Even the way new robots were created was different. In the comic book, Optimus Prime uses the Creation Matrix to make new Transformers. In the cartoon, there is a computer called Vector Sigma that can make new robots. Modern Transformers Lore accepts that the Transformers were created by Primus, the god of the transformers, and that the supercomputer Vector Sigma is used for a different purpose.

In 1986, a Transformers movie was made. It was called The Transformers: the Movie and was a story about the future. In the story, it is the year 2005. Optimus Prime is killed by Megatron, and passes the Autobot Matrix of Leadership to a new Autobot called Ultra Magnus, who becomes the new Autobot leader. However, in the end an Autobot named Hot Rod actually becomes the new leader, as the Matrix had deemed him worthy, and he becomes Rodimus Prime. The Autobots have to stop a planet-eating monster called Unicron, who can also transform into a giant robot. Unicron also meets Megatron and gives him a new body and a new name, and he becomes Galvatron. At the end of the movie, Unicron is destroyed. 

""I have summoned you here for a purpose."" -Unicron

The TV show also told the story of the year 2005. We learn that the Transformers were once robot slaves who had to work for aliens called Quintessons. The Autobots did not like being slaves, so they chased the Quintessons away from Cybertron. Kids liked Optimus Prime and were sad that he died, so the writers made a story in which he came back to life, but it was too late and the show was soon discontinued in America. In Japan, the TV show continued with new cartoons that were not seen in America.

The comic book was still being made after the TV show ended. Many robots who were not seen in the cartoon were in the comic book, like Darkwing and Skids. There was even a story about how the Transformers met G.I. Joe, another Hasbro toy line.

Beast Wars was about Transformers who could turn into animals. They looked like real animals, but they were robots in disguise. The good guys were called Maximals, and their leader was Optimus Primal. The bad guys were called Predacons, and their leader's name was Megatron. (He was a different Megatron from the Decepticon leader.) In the story, the Maximals and Predacons crashed on Earth a very long time ago, but they did not know where they were. Also, there was too much energy on the planet and it hurt their bodies. They turned into animals to protect themselves from the energy. They could only turn into robots for a short time before the energy started to hurt them.

Later in the story, many of the robots turn into Transmetals, which means they looked like robot animals instead of real animals. The Predacons find out they are on Earth, and Megatron tries to find the Autobots and Decepticons, who are on a space ship called the Ark. Megatron tries to kill Optimus Prime, who is still sleeping, so that he can change the future.

There was another show called Beast Machines that continues the story that started in Beast Wars. At the end of Beast Wars, the Maximals tried to catch Megatron. At the beginning of Beast Machines, he escapes and takes control over Cybertron. There are only four Maximals left and Megatron tries to stop them. Megatron creates new robots called Vehicons, who try to catch the Maximals. Later, we learn that the Vehicons are really Maximals or Predacons that Megatron caught and tried to control. In the story, we also learn that even though Cybertron is a dead, metal planet, it used to be a living planet like Earth.

The origins of the transformers vary throughout the media. It is generally accepted that the original transformers, the 13 primes, were created by Primus, the god of the Transfomers, to stop Unicron, the dark god. However, in the original series, the Quintessons claim to have created the Transformers, though in modern lore they have been accepted to be lying.
In the beginning, there were two gods, Primus and Unicron. where they came from, we do not know. The one who created them is only known as "the one." The brothers traveled together for a time, exploring the universe. but they saw it differently. Primus was amazed by life and all of the beautiful things on the planets they passed, but Unicron saw it all as inferior and wanted to destroy it all. Eventually, Primus tried to stop Unicron. They fought a battle that raged across the cosmos, neither one able to best the other. But Unicron grew stronger. He devoured planets, and gained more energy. Primus knew that he could not win, that eventually he would be overtaken. No matter where in the universe they were, the Gods could find each other. So, Primus hid. He changed the game, turned the table. He took himself out of the game, because he knew he could not win. He shifted into a new form, and powered down to an eternal slumber. He created new beings to stop Unicron, giving them each a part of his own power, something that Unicron could never do. He created the Thirteen Primes. Soon, Unicron would be defeated.

Hoatzin

The hoatzin ("Opisthocomus hoazin") is a tropical bird found in swamps, river forests, and mangroves of the Amazon and the Orinoco delta in South America.

They are the only bird which eats leaves as a main part of their diet. Their gut has special adaptations which help their digestion.

The hoatzin is also notable for having young with claws on two of their wing digits. They are the only living member of the family Opisthocomidae. Its close relatives probably died out long ago. There has been much debate about the hoatzin's relationships with other birds.

Hoatzin chicks are born with hooks on their wings. They use the hooks to climb around in the trees before they are large enough to fly. Hoatzins can fly only short distances even when they are fully grown, so they usually climb.

They build their nests over water. If danger threatens, the birds dive into the water. They climb back up the tree after the danger has passed.
Hoatzins communicate through unusual sounds that resemble wheezing, grunting, growls, and hisses.

The hoatzin is the only bird that digests leaves. Their odor has been compared to fresh cow dung. The odor is caused by their digestive system.

The hoatzin eats the leaves and some fruits and flowers of plants which grow in the wet habitats where it lives. It clambers around clumsily among the branches. Once it was thought that the species only could eat the leaves of arums and mangroves, but the species does eat the leaves of more than fifty species. One study undertaken in Venezuela found that the hoatzin diet was 82% leaves, 10% flowers, and 8% fruit.
One of this species' many peculiarities is that it has a digestive system unique amongst birds. Hoatzins use bacterial fermentation in the front part of the gut to break down the vegetable material, much as cattle and other ruminants do. Unlike ruminants, however, which have the rumen (a specialized stomach for bacterial fermentation), the hoatzin has an unusually large crop, folded in two chambers, and a large, multi-chambered lower oesophagus. Its stomach chamber and gizzard are much smaller than in other birds.

The crop of the hoatzin is so large that it displaces the flight muscles and keel of the sternum. This is why they fly so poorly. Because of aromatic compounds in the leaves they eat, and the bacterial fermentation, the bird has a disagreeable, manure-like odor. It is only hunted by humans for food in times of great need. If the bird feeds on insects or other animal matter, that is purely accidental.

So far (2015) very few birds have had their total genome analysed. More recently, a start was made to sequence the entire genome of the hoatzin. As of 2011, it was reported that more than 1.4 billion base pairs of hoatzin DNA had been sequenced, roughly equal to its entire haploid genome, but that only about 2.4% of its genome had yet been assembled. Of birds, the genomes of only four species have been sequenced. Much might be learned by coordinating these efforts with analysing the hoatzin foregut ruminant bacterial microflora. At present, the nearest relatives of the hoatzin are not known. There is a fossil record which suggests its lineage is fairly ancient.

Tasman Peninsula

Tasman Peninsula is 75 km by road south-east of Hobart, at the south east corner of Tasmania, Australia.
Tasman Peninsula is south and west of Forestier Peninsula. It is connected by a very narrow piece of land (isthmus) called Eaglehawk Neck. The Forestier Peninsula is joined to the rest of Tasmania by an isthmus called East Bay Neck, near the town of Dunalley about 60 km from Hobart.

There are a lot of things for visitors to see including the Conservation Park, on the main highway at Taranna, the Port Arthur Historic Site and a number of beaches.

The first people to live here were the Australian aborigines. They were part of a group known as the Ostyer Bay tribe. This large group lived on the east coast of Tasmania. The Tasman Peninsula is named after Dutch explorer Abel Tasman.

The first European settlement of the Peninsula was Port Arthur in the 1830s. It was selected as a penal colony because it was isolated from the rest of Tasmania. It could be easily got to by sea. The other prison colony at Macquarie Harbour on the west coast was too difficult to get to by sea. The prisoners there were moved to a new prison at Port Arthur. The peninsula also had a lot of trees that could be used for ship building and building houses. It had a deep sheltered harbour where visiting British warships could be repaired. Eaglehawk Neck was lined with guards and guard dogs, to prevent the escape of any convicts. Some did escape, including the bushranger Martin Cash.

The Saltwater River, Tasmania historic site (entry free) is near the north west tip of the peninsula. It was originally the site of a coal mine. Prisoners dug for coal during the day and lived in underground cells at night.

The prison at Port Arthur is now a tourist attraction. Tourism is a major business in most of Tasmania. Bushwalking is also popular in the remote parts of the peninsula. Popular places to walk to include Cape Raoul and Cape Pillar at the south west and south east ends of the Peninsula, on either side of the entrance to Port Arthur.

It is now the main area in the battle to save the Tasmanian Devil from extinction. The devils have been getting a new type of cancer called Devil Facial Tumour Disease (DFTD). It has spread quickly through the devil population. The disease has already killed more than half of the Tasmanian devils.

The peninsula's isolation from the Tasmanian mainland is ideal for keeping a healthy wild Tasmanian devil population. This project involves the local Tasmanian Devil Conservation Park at Taranna and government and university scientists.

The rocky coastline has been the site of a number of shipwrecks. Two large steam ships have sunk after hitting the Hyppolyte Rocks off the east coast - the "Tasman" in 1883 and the "Nord" in 1915. Munroe Bight to the north of Cape Pillar is named after the American ship "James Munroe" wrecked there in 1850.

In the years between convict settlement and the start of the modern tourist industry the area most people worked in the timber industry and fishing. The area was not suitable for big farms. There are some fruit orchards and some small mixed farms. The area was isolated until a regular river steamer began sailing from Port Arthur to Hobart in the 1880s. From 1900 to the 1930s the main shipping company was the Huon, Channel & Peninsula Steamship Company. They owned several ships including the M.V. "Cartela".

Many smaller towns are also on the Tasman Peninsula. The largest are Nubeena and Koonya. Smaller villages are Premaydena, Highcroft and Stormlea.

The local government area is the Tasman Council. The major road to Hobart is called the Arthur Highway. The current population is around 2000. In summer the area gets many visitors and the population rises to around 6000.

The Tasman Peninsula is well known for its rocky eastern coastline. Much of it is now in the Tasman National Park. At Eaglehawk Neck the rocks have made many strange shapes and patterns. These include Remarkable Caves, Tasman's Arch and the Tessellated Pavement. On the south of the peninsula are the highest sea cliffs in the southern hemisphere, rising 300 m above the Tasman Sea at Cape Hauy. The peninsula is claimed as one of Australias best surfing spots at Cape Roaul and Roaring Beach.



Non-player character

A non-player character (or an NPC) is a character played by a computer in a video game. NPCs are in many video games and help the player learn how to play the game or guide the player through the game.

Breaking Dawn

Breaking Dawn is the fourth and last novel in the "Twilight" series by Stephenie Meyer. The novel is divided into three sections called 'books'. The story in Book One and Book Three is told from the perspective of Bella Swan. Book Two is from the perspective of Jacob Black, Bella's werewolf friend. "Breaking Dawn" was released on August 2, 2008 with a special midnight release in many bookstores.

As the book opens, Bella is driving a Mercedes Guardian that Edward has bought to protect her from getting into trouble. After informing Bella's parents of their engagement, Bella and Edward marry in a traditional wedding ceremony. The wedding has a minor disturbance during a confrontation between Jacob, Bella and Edward. Not wanting to spoil her wedding day, Bella puts aside her disappointment in Jacob's unpleasantness. Edward and Bella soon depart for their honeymoon off the coast of Brazil. Edward then fulfills Bella's wish and makes love to her. The next day they argue because Edward's passionate lovemaking leaves dark bruises all over Bella's body. He then refuses to make love to her while she is still human. Meanwhile, she has a recurrent dream of a small, green-eyed boy that she feels compelled to protect she also has dreams of her and Edward making love. Bella also finds herself constantly hungry and sick. But soon after Bella awakes in the middle of a dream crying; Edward asks whats wrong and instead of telling him she decices to show him and kisses him very passionately and Edward gives in. They have made love multiple times and upon seeing a box of unused tampons in her suitcase, she realizes that her period is late and she is pregnant. Though Bella has longed for a child, she becomes immediately attached to her baby when she becomes aware of its existence. Edward, however, is only concerned for her health, and after hearing stories from a local woman (who suspects that Edward is a vampire) of similar situations that resulted in the mothers' deaths, Edward wants to get rid of the baby. Book one ends as Edward prepares to bring Bella home where he says that Carlisle will "take care of it," and as Bella secretly calls Rosalie for help.

The book is told from Jacob's perspective. He receives news of Edward and Bella's return, and that Carlisle has told Charlie that Bella is quarantined because she has contracted a rare disease in South America. Jacob assumes that Bella has been bitten and transformed. He is upset when Sam Uley, acting Alpha of the pack, declares that the pack will not retaliate. Jacob, full of anger, decides that if the pack will not retaliate collectively, he will act alone. Formulating strategies of attack, he runs to the Cullen house. When he arrives, however, he discovers that things aren't as he expected. Bella, as opposed to being a newborn vampire, is already heavily pregnant with Edward's and her child. It is clear that the child's rapid growth is starving and hurting Bella.

When Jacob returns to his wolf state, his thoughts inadvertently inform the pack of Bella's state. This causes fear and anger among the werewolves; they don't know how the child might act since the child is an offspring of a vampire. Sam commands the pack in the double-timbre of the Alpha, to obey his decision to destroy Bella and her unborn child. Jacob, who still loves Bella, disagrees, revolts, assumes his inherited Alpha position and leaves Sam's pack. Seth, then Leah Clearwater, soon join Jacob and the threesome form a pack with Jacob as Alpha. Jacob, Leah and Seth patrol the Cullen territory to forewarn the family of any impending werewolf attack.

As the fetus continues to develop at an alarmingly accelerated rate, Bella's health worsens. During Bella's pregnancy, Edward realizes he can read the child's mind, and is astonished to discover that the baby already loves Bella. As he hears his child's thoughts, Edward begins to love the baby as well. This leaves Jacob feeling betrayed, as he was counting on Edward to hate the baby more than he.

Bella goes into labor approximately a month after the honeymoon. The hard placenta that surrounds the child cracks; Bella begins vomiting blood. The child breaks free and Bella is very near death. Edward delivers the baby, a girl, and begins CPR, then transforms Bella into a vampire. He injects his venom into her heart and bites her in several places. Believing that Bella is dead and that there is no hope she will be resuscitated, Jacob leaves the room and goes to kill the baby whom he holds responsible. He finds her in Rosalie's arms and looks into the baby's eyes. They are exactly the same shade of brown as Bella's. Jacob imprints on her.

The book returns to Bella's perspective. She has just given birth to her daughter, and is now experiencing the painful transformation from human to vampire. After two days, she opens her eyes. The Cullens are wary of Bella as newborn-vampires are volatile. Yet, Bella manages to exhibit some self-control unseen in normal newborns. She wishes to see her daughter, Renesmee, but since Renesmee is part-human, the family believes Bella will be unable to control her newborn thirst if she sees the child so soon without first hunting.
Edward takes Bella on her first hunt to ease her thirst. Before they leave, Alice shows Bella her reflection. She has transformed into a stunningly beautiful woman with flawless skin and newborn-vampire red eyes. Bella does not recognize her reflection at first due to her volatile-looking red eyes.

Upon returning, Bella is allowed to see her daughter because of her demonstration of self-control in the woods when she smelled humans approaching. Because Renesmee is growing at an astonishing rate, she looks older than her calendar age. Bella learns of Renesmee's gift - the ability to communicate by sending images to people's minds through touch. Bella is infuriated when she learns that Jacob has imprinted on Renesmee, and says it is his fault that he has imprinted on her child. She loses her self-control and she tries to attack Jacob. She breaks Seth's collarbone and shoulder when he steps between the two. She then manages to calm down. Renesmee leads to a truce between the Quilleutes and the Cullens because of Jacob's imprinting. Differences between Sam and Jacob's packs are soon settled as well and they become co-existent Alphas.

Unfortunately for the Cullen family, Irina, a vampire from the Denali clan, sees Renesmee and mistakenly informs the Volturi that Renesmee is a forbidden immortal child. The Cullen family understands that Irina is mistaken and decides the only way to enlighten the Volturi and prevent an attack is to present Renesmee with a large group of credible witnesses.

After leaving a note with Sam Uley from the copyright page of Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice", Alice and Jasper suddenly leave the Cullens. Since the couple does not provide a warning or reason, the Cullen family does not know why the couple has fled, and assumes that Alice has foreseen there is no hope for the situation. Since it was her copy of the book, Bella perceives this as a sign from Alice. She returns to the cottage and she finds that Alice has written a name and address on another page of the book. When Bella goes to the address, she finds that it leads to the office of a lawyer who can forge documents. Bella requests documents for Jacob and Renesmee, should they need to escape if a fight ensues with the Volturi. Meanwhile, nomadic, vegetarian, and clans of vampires arrive at the Cullen estate after the family begins to seek their friends' assistance with the Volturi. Most of them are enthralled by Renesemee, and almost all agree to bear witness to the Volturi that she is not an immortal child.

Bella also discovers that her power of mind-privacy has a shielding effect and she wonders if she can extend this protection to others. During the month of preparation for the Volturi, several of the vampires with quantifiable supernatural talents teach Bella how to expand the barrier. When the Volturi and Irina finally arrive, all of the vampires and the werewolves meet in a clearing in the forest. The Volturi discover that they have been misinformed and immediately execute Irina for her mistake. However, the Volturi are not satisfied to leave because the Volturi leaders want the exceptionally gifted vampires to join them. Those on Bella's side are protected when Bella's shield disables the Volturi's offensive fighters, Alec and Jane. Aro, Caius and Marcus decide to vote on whether or not Renesmee will be a danger to the vampire world when she attains maturity. Just before Aro can cast his deciding vote, Alice and Jasper return with another half-human, half-vampire from South America who is about one hundred fifty years-old. He and his three half-sisters (who are also half-vampire, half-human) are the children of a vampire who is creating a "super race." They have never caused any danger to the vampire world. Facing no other choice, Aro chooses to give up the fight, and the Volturi flee.

After leaving the Cullen estate for their cottage, Bella and Edward tuck Renesmee into her bed and proceed to their bedroom arm-in-arm. Bella tells Edward she wants to try something with him. She has been secretly practicing for this moment. Bella places her hands on his cheeks and tries to push away her shield. She conjures her special memories that she wants to share with Edward. He is finally able to see for the first time just how deeply she has always loved him. She wants to remove the barrier for Edward so he can access her mind. She says that they have only forever for her to perfect it. The "Twilight" series closes with ""And then we continued blissfully into this small but perfect piece of our forever.""

The cover of "Breaking Dawn" is a metaphor for Bella's changes during the entire story. She began as the weakest (at least physically, when compared to vampires and werewolves) player on the board: the pawn. She ended as the strongest: the queen.

The title "Breaking Dawn" is a reference to the beginning of Bella's vampire life.

"Entertainment Weekly" magazine printed a small part of "Breaking Dawn" on Friday, May 30, 2008. Stephenie Meyer also gave a 'Quote of the Day' from "Breaking Dawn" for about 3 weeks before the book was released on August 2, 2008. The first quote was on Meyer's website on July 12, 2008.
The first part of "Breaking Dawn", "Engaged", was released in the special edition of "Eclipse".

Some readers liked "Breaking Dawn" but others did not.
In an article on "The Daily News Tribute" Margaret Smith says of "Breaking Dawn" "You too might fall in love with its suspense and moving sensitivity -- and with the unlikely couple struggling to find light within their world’s heart of darkness."

In an interview on EW.com, Meyer talked about the fans' reaction to the book. She said the "wild reaction" fans had the "Rob Effect". She said the fans need time to accept the ending of "Breaking Dawn", just as they needed time to accept Robert Pattinson playing the role of Edward Cullen in the "Twilight" movie.

An article about "Breaking Dawn" on "nymag.com" asked: "Did 'Breaking Dawn' Ruin the Twilight Series?".
The article said: "The "L.A. Times' " Denise Martin didn't like it and says that unlike J.K. Rowling in her series finale, 'Meyer's bunted.'"

"The Washington Post" also did not like the book. It used comments such as, "...Meyer has put a stake through the heart of her own beloved creation," and, ""Breaking Dawn" has a childbirth sequence that may promote lifelong abstinence in sensitive types."


Shayne Ward

Shayne Ward (16 October 1984) is an English singer. He was born in Clayton, Greater Manchester. He won the 2005 UK series of television programme "The X Factor". He has released three studio albums.

The X Factor (British TV series)

The X Factor is a British television programme, in which ordinary people who want to be singers compete for a recording contract and a cash prize. It is shown from August-December each year on Saturdays and Sundays on the channel ITV. It replaced Pop Idol by Simon Cowell in 2004.

The show started being presented by Kate Thornton, but she left in Series 3 (2006.) Ben Shephard was hoping to present, but his offer was turned down. Instead, Dermot O'Leary took over in Series 4 (2007) and presented for 8 series, until his departure from the show in Series 10. Olly Murs and Caroline Flack became the first duo to host the show, but only lasted one season, mainly because they were very unpopular with the public. Dermot O'Leary returned to present the 13th series and has continued to present the show since.

The Xtra Factor was the spin-off show of the X Factor UK. It is broadcast on British Television channel ITV2. The hosts of the spin-off are well known for hosting for short periods of time. The first Xtra Factor host was Ben Shephard, and he quit in Series 3, because his offer of being the main presenter (after Kate Thornton's departure) was turned down by the show's producers. Fearne Cotton then hosted for the fourth series. Holly Willoughby, Cotton's close friend, replaced her during the following two series, but was replaced by Blue Peter former presenter, Konnie Huq in 2010, however, Konnie lasted only one series. Olly Murs and Caroline Flack became the first duo to host the Xtra Factor in Series 8, and they presented together for two seasons. Olly then left in order to focus on his music career. He was replaced by Matt Richardson, but then Caroline and Matt announced their leave. Sarah-Jane Crawford hosted for only the 11th season. The Saturdays singer Rochelle Humes teamed up with Melvin Odoom to present the Xtra Factor's twelfth season. Matt Edmondson and Rylan Clark-Neal presented the thirteenth and final series

On 18 January 2017, it was announced that "The Xtra Factor" would be axed after 13 years and would be replaced by an online show instead.

In 2006, there was a celebrity version titled The X Factor: Battle of the Stars." It saw nine celebrity acts perform over the course of 8 episodes. The winner (Lucy Benjamin) received money for her chosen charity as a prize. The judges were Simon, Sharon and Louis. In 2019, there was a similar version returned titled The X Factor: Celebrity." The judges were Simon, Louis and Nicole.

The X Factor: The Band was a one-time special edition of the show. It was a version with the aim of creating a new popular band. The show had four episodes. The girl group Real Like You won the live final. The show was judged by Simon Cowell, Nicole Scherzinger and former winner Leona Lewis.

Cheryl (singer)

Cheryl Ann Tweedy (born 30 June 1983), better known by her first name, Cheryl, is an English singer and dancer. She was a member of Girls Aloud.

In 2002, Cole auditioned for music reality show . She and four other girls, Sarah Harding, Nicola Roberts, Kimberley Walsh, and Nadine Coyle won the competition. They formed a group called Girls Aloud on 30 November 2002, which has since been very successful. They have had 20 top ten singles in the United Kingdom, and have been nominated for four BRIT Awards, winning best single for 'The Promise."

Cole was asked to become a judge on The X Factor in 2008. She won it in her first year with Alexandra Burke. Burke has had a number one single and a number one album in 2009. Cole won it again in 2009, mentoring the eventual winner Joe McElderry.

Cole released her first solo single, Fight for This Love, in October 2009 from her solo album "3 Words". It went straight to number one in the charts, becoming the best-selling song of 2009. Her new album 'Messy Little Raindrops' went straight to number one in the album charts, 'Promise This' is a hit single from the album. She has a new song called "Call My Name", which was released on 10 June 2012. Her autobiography was published in 2012.

In January 2003, Cole punched a toilet attendant in a nightclub in Guildford, Surrey. In October that year, she was convicted of assault occasioning actual bodily harm. She was sentenced to 120 hours of community service.

Cole married Chelsea and England football player Ashley Cole in July 2006. In February 2010, they announced their separation after several newspapers claimed he had been unfaithful with other women. She also dated Liam Payne.

Dannii Minogue

Danielle Jane "Dannii" Minogue (born 20 October 1971) is an Australian pop singer, actress, presenter and model. She is the sister of Kylie Minogue. Her most successful hit was "Who Do You Love Now". Other than singing, she is known for her television appearances in Australia and the United Kingdom.

She was a judge on the British television programme "The X Factor" from 2007 to 2010. She was also a judge on the first three seasons of the Australian "Masked Singer" and on the Australian version of "X Factor."

She was born Danielle Jane Minogue in Melbourne on 20 October 1971 to a Welsh immigrant mother and Irish-Australian father. 


Side project

In music, a side project is a musical project by one or more people who are already famous for their work in another band. The term "side project" can also be used when a musician changes their style. Side projects usually happen so that a musician can do music that they would not normally do as part of the band.

An example of this is the Japanese band Poppin’Party.

Martin Cash

Martin Cash (baptised 10 October 1808 – 26 August 1877) was a famous Australian bushranger. He was one of the few people who escaped from the prison at Port Arthur, Tasmania. In 1870 he wrote a book (autobiography) about his life.

Cash was born at Enniscorthy, County Wexford, Ireland. As a boy he worked on a farm at Wexford. In March 1827, he was convicted of stealing from houses. In his book, Cash says he shot a man in the bottom (buttocks). The man had been kissing and hugging Cash's mistress. He was sentenced to seven years transportation to Australia.

Cash was sent as a convict to Sydney, sailing in the ship "Marquis of Huntley". He was sent to work for George Bowman in the Hunter River area. After being set free, he continued to work for Bowman. He was suspected of stealing cattle so he left New South Wales and went to Van Diemen's Land with Bessie Clifford and arrived in February 1837. In 1839 he was again convicted of stealing and sent to prison for seven years. During the next three years he escaped three times. He nearly escaped from Port Arthur by swimming. He was given an extra four years in prison at Port Arthur.

On Boxing Day 1842 Martin Cash, with George Jones and Lawrence Kavenagh escaped from a work party. They hid in the thick bush and walked to Eaglehawk Neck. They swam across with their clothes tied up above their heads. They all lost their clothes and had to steal some. For nearly two years, they robbed mail coaches, houses and hotels. They almost never used violence and became known as 'gentlemen bushrangers'. They were called "Cash and Company". On July 14, 1843, the government offered a reward of 100 sovereigns or 100 acres of land for help in capturing Cash.

Cash thought that Bessie Clifford was with another man. He went to Hobart in August 1843, but was captured. During his capture he shot and killed a policeman. Cash was sentenced to death by hanging. At the last minute, the lieutenant-governor changed the punishment to prison for life. Cash was sent to Norfolk Island for ten years. He became a well-behaved prisoner and given some important jobs, such as looking after the young boys.

In March 1854, he was able to marry Mary Bennett (1824–1914), a convict from County Clare. He was let out of prison and went back to Tasmania. He worked in the gardens in the government Domain, Hobart. In May 1856, he went to New Zealand, but came back to Tasmania four years later. He bought a hop farm at Glenorchy. Cash told the story of his life to James Lester Burke, an Irish ex-convict. Burke wrote down the story which was published in Hobart in 1870. It has been reprinted many times. Martin Cash died on August 27, 1877.


Saga Prefecture

The area of Nagasaki Prefecture and Saga Prefecture was formerly called Hizen Province. The current name dates from the Meiji Restoration.

In the Edo period this area was called the .

"The Seven Wise Men of Saga" is the name for seven men from Saga. Each of them was important to the development of modern of Japan. They began changing the country around the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate. They continued modernizing Japan during the Meiji Restoration.



Saga is the smallest prefecture on Kyūshū. It is bordered by the Genkai Sea and the Tsushima Strait to the north and the Ariake Sea to the south. Nagasaki Prefecture is on its western border. Fukuoka Prefecture and Kumamoto Prefecture are east of Saga.

National Parks are established in about 11% of the total land area of the prefecture. 
"Yodohime jinja" and "Chiriku Hachiman-gū" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



What Is This?

What Is This? was a rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band started in 1977 with two friends from Fairfax High School, Hillel Slovak and Jack Irons, who formed a band called Anthym. Flea joined the band as bass player, before leaving to go to college. Flea and another school friend, Anthony Kiedis, asked Slovak and Irons to play with them in a one off group they called Tony Flow and the Miraculously Majestic Masters of Mayhem. This group became the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Hillel Slovak, Flea, and Jack Irons were members of both bands. Slovak and Irons left after Red Hot Chili Peppers' first album to keep playing with What Is This?M After Natasha Shneider joined the band, they changed their name to Walk The Moon and then to Eleven.

Shanghai World Financial Center

The Shanghai World Financial Center is a high skyscraper in Shanghai, China. It has 101 storeys and is currently the third tallest building in the world, because Burj Khalifa is the tallest. Inside the building, there are offices, hotels and shopping malls.

This building's roof is actually higher than Taipei 101's roof, but Taipei 101 has a spire on top, making Taipei 101 taller than Shanghai World Financial Center.

Black mamba

The black mamba ("Dendroaspis polylepis") belongs to the Elapidae family of snakes. It is the second largest venomous snake in the world. An adult black mamba can grow up to in length. The black mamba's skin is not actually black, it gets its name from the colour of the roof of its mouth. 

The black mamba lives in the south and the east of Africa. It is known around the world for its dangerous venom. It is very fast (it reaches speeds of 12 miles per hour) and can also climb very fast. The black mamba lives 10-11 years.

Black mambas enjoy rock-covered hills, forested savannah, and woods with rocks and fallen trees to shelter them. They also can be found in hollow trees and in termite mounds. If the black mamba is not disturbed, it will come back to a certain home all its life. They are typically found in subsaharan places in parts of south and east Africa. They can be found as far north as Eritrea, and as far west as Namibia, and in South Africa.

Black mambas eat small mammals like rodents, squirrels and bush babies. Sometimes they eat birds. They bite once or twice and then wait for their prey to become paralyzed and die. Then they eat them.

There is not much information on the predators of the black mamba, but snakes have many predators. Some predators are birds of prey, crocodiles, big frogs, mongooses, monitor lizards, foxes, jackals, and even humans. We kill them because we are afraid of their dangerous venom. Also, snake eggs are sometimes eaten by scavengers. They are timid and do not strike unless threatened.

The black mamba is a shy animal. They like to avoid other animals, but if another animal confronts them, they become aggressive. When the black mamba is threatened, it will raise its head, open its mouth, expand its hood, and flick its tongue. It will also hiss. Its bites are fast and it bites many times. Its venom can be fatal to us. The black mamba likes to bask in the sun, and it remembers the spot it basks at. They are fast and can climb trees quickly.

They communicate in the same ways that most snakes do. They use their eyes to detect motion, and if it is sudden they will attack. They 'see' with their tongue by collecting air particles and then putting them on an organ in their mouth. The organ senses what is around them with the air particles. They do not have ears on the outside of their body, but they can sense vibrations in the ground. Like many other snakes, if they are threatened, they will show aggression and signals that warn the attacker.

A black mamba's bite is easily enough to kill many adult men. The deadly poison takes between 30 minutes to 3 hours to kill, in most cases. Unlike most snakes it has enough venom to bite many times in a short period. A black mamba usually attacks the head of its prey if possible. This is so it can kill it's prey easily. For this reason a black mamba can raise itself to a height of almost four feet.

When the males and females are done mating, they go back to their homes. In two to three months the females will lay 6-17 eggs, which will hatch in 2-3 months. Black mambas do not interact with each other besides mating. They do not try to raise their young. When the female lays her eggs, she will put them in a safe place and leave them. The babies have to defend themselves from birth. Young black mambas stay in the egg for 2-3 months, and then they break through the shell with an 'egg tooth.' They are almost fully developed when they hatch, and they already have venom glands and can defend themselves mere minutes after their birth.
Black mambas mate in the early springtime. The male snakes will find a female by following their scent. When the male black mamba finds the female, he will inspect her with his tongue. Male snakes will fight a lot during the mating season. They intertwine their bodies and raise their heads up to one meter off the ground. It looks like dancing. 

The black mamba is related to all members of the elapidae family


Cucumber

The cucumber ("Cucumis sativus") is a widely grown plant in the family Cucurbitaceae. This family also includes squash. A cucumber looks similar to a zucchini (British English: courgette). 

To a botanist, cucumbers are biologically fruits even if they are commonly thought of as vegetables: that is their value as a food. They can be cooked, eaten raw, or pickled. Some people hollow out the cucumber and fill it with other food, like tomatoes or feta cheese. 

Anne Wood

Anne Wood CBE (born December 1, 1937) is a British children's television producer. Her independent production company, "Ragdoll Productions", was founded in 1984 and specialises in making original programming for children 10 and under. Ragdoll is based in Stratford-upon-Avon, UK and has produced "Pob", "Brum", "Rosie and Jim", "Tots TV", "Teletubbies", "Boohbah" and most recently "In the Night Garden".
She has won a BAFTA. 


List of Teletubbies episodes

This is a list of episodes of the children's television series with the Teletubbies.


Tim Whitnall

Timothy Charles "Tim" Whitnall (born 27 June 1961 in Canvey Island, Essex) is an English playwright, screenwriter, and actor known for playing Angelo in the long-running CITV series "Mike and Angelo" and narrating the BBC children's TV programme "Teletubbies" (UK and Canada). In the USA, the USA narrator was Rolf Saxon. He currently co-provides voices in "Thomas & Friends".

He has starred in many West End musicals including "Elvis", "Grease", "The Rocky Horror Show", and "Good Rockin' Tonight".

He worked extensively in film, TV, and radio and presented (and wrote for) the BBC School's series, "The Music Arcade" (with Lucie Skeaping), "Into Music", "Time and Tune", "Music Workshop", and "Let's Sing". He has provided many voice-overs and vocals for TV commercials, animations, and jingles.

Whitnall's theatre play "The Sociable Plover", first performed at Old Red Lion Theatre in 2005, was made into a feature film by Poisson Rouge Pictures and Solution Films (re-titled as "The Hide") and received its UK première on Film4 in February 2009. Following its screen release at the ICA Cinema, London, the film was released on DVD in January 2010. For this work, Whitnall was nominated for Best First Feature Length Screenplay category in the 2010 Writer's Guild of Great Britain Awards.

Whitnall's stage-play "Morecambe" – a tribute to the late comedian Eric Morecambe – won a Fringe First Award for 'innovation and excellence in new writing' at the 2009 Edinburgh Festival Fringe. The show opened at London's Duchess Theatre the following December and toured the UK through 2010. The piece was nominated in two separate categories in the 2010 Laurence Olivier Awards and won the 'Best Entertainment' category.

In 2012, BBC Four screened Whitnall's 90-minute drama "Best Possible Taste: The Kenny Everett Story", which examined and celebrated the life of Kenny Everett. It was directed by James Strong, produced by Paul Frift and starred Oliver Lansley and Katherine Kelly. For it, Whitnall won the Breakthrough Talent Award in the 2013 BAFTA Television Craft Awards.

During 2014, Whitnall joined the cast of the CGI version of the British TV series "Thomas & Friends", and has provided the voices of the characters Timothy and Reg (in the UK/US), and since 2015-6, Mike, Jerome and Oliver the Excavator in the UK/US.

He lives in Richmond, Surrey with his partner, Anna Murphy, with whom he has a production company, Feather Productions Ltd.

The College Dropout

The College Dropout is the debut album by rapper and producer Kanye West, released February 10, 2004. It was nominated for Grammy Award for Album of the Year and won Best Rap Album and Best Rap Song for "Jesus Walks" in 2005. The album has received great acclaim from critics and mainstream fans alike, for its balance of mainstream commercial appeal and its innovative subject matter. It has been called one of the greatest albums of all time by "Time" and "Rolling Stone".

Kanye West had gotten attention for his production but was not well-known for his rapping. He was turned down by record labels because he didn't have the gangsta image that was popular at that time. He eventually signed with Roc-A-Fella Records. In 2002, West was in a bad car accident which gave him a shattered jaw, so his jaw had to be wired shut. He recorded a song called "Through the Wire" with his jaw still wired shut. This song helped him get a starting point for the album.

The album was recorded at The Record Plant in California. The beats used mainly had pitch shifted samples from gospel and soul records. Some of the beats used were gathered over a long period of time. When the album was finished, it was leaked. West used this as an opportunity to re-assess the album and improve it. He added strings and gospel choirs into his songs.

The album was different from the gangsta rap that was popular at that time. The lyrics were on subjects that affected West's life such as family, religion, racism, materialism and more.

"The College Dropout" reached #1 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums Chart, and reached #2 on the "Billboard" 200. In the UK, it peaked at #12 on the album chart and spent several months in the top 20. The album went triple platinum in the United States.

The first single from the album, "Through the Wire", was recorded while West's mouth was wired shut after a near-fatal car accident in October 2002. It features a Chaka Khan sample, peaked at #15 on the Billboard Hot 100 Singles chart while its successor "All Falls Down", which features R&B singer Syleena Johnson, peaked at #7. The third single, "Jesus Walks", peaked at #11 while a fourth extract, "The New Workout Plan", made a minor impression on the R&B/Hip-Hop charts (see list of US Billboard chart positions below). In the UK, "Through The Wire" peaked at #9 on the singles sales chart, "All Falls Down" peaked at #10, and "Jesus Walks" peaked at #11.


Information taken from "The College Dropout" liner notes.


73 (number)

73 (seventy-three) is a number. It comes after seventy-two, but before seventy-four. 73 is the 21st prime number. Its mirror, 37, is the 12th, and its mirror, 21, is the product of multiplying seven and three and in binary, 73 is a palindrome, 1001001, which backwards is 1001001.

Fowler Ridge Wind Farm

The Fowler Ridge Wind Farm is a wind farm in Benton County, Indiana, near the city of Fowler, IN about northwest of Indianapolis. Fowler Ridge was constructed in two phases and has a generating capacity of 600 MW. 

Shepherds Flat Wind Farm

The Shepherds Flat Wind Farm is an 845 megawatt (MW) wind farm in the eastern part of U.S. state of Oregon, near Arlington, in both Gilliam and Morrow counties. Building started in 2009, and it officially opened in September 2012. 


Pampa Wind Project

T. Boone Pickens, a former Texas oilman, is planning to build the world's largest wind farm, called the Pampa Wind Project, as part of the Pickens Plan. It will be developed by Pickens' company, Mesa Power. The proposed 4,000 MW facility will be located near Pampa, Texas, which is on the Texas Panhandle, and will stretch to the east, spanning 400,000 acres in five counties. This will provide enough power for 1.5 million average homes.

When it was planned, it would have been the largest wind farm in the United States. As of May 2008, the largest U.S. wind plant is the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center with a capacity of 736 MW.

Electric transmission lines must connect wind farms to the places where the electricity is used. People fought over whether wind farm owners or electricity users should pay to build these lines. On July 17, 2008, the Texas Public Utilities Commission ruled that ratepayers should pay $4.93 billion to build the lines to connect wind farms in the Texas Panhandle to the Texas electric grid. This implements a 2005 Texas law designed to promote new wind energy projects.

On March 2, 2009, Mesa Power announced that it was working on the first phase of the project. But had put off work on the later phases. It canceled 120 of 197 wind leases. 
In July 2009, Mesa Power delayed (but did not cancel) the project. Mesa Power said the project must wait because it did not have transmission capacity to the site and poor credit market. Mesa Power will restart the Pampa Wind Farm project in 2013, when transmission lines are due to be completed in the area. In the meantime, Mesa Power will use the 667 turbines it purchased to build several smaller wind farms.

Cluster headache

Cluster headaches are a type of headache. They are the least common type of headache. 

Cluster headaches are very painful. They usually cause very strong pain on one side of the head, behind the eye and temple. The headaches can last anywhere from 15–180 minutes. People may have cluster headaches many times a day. Cluster headaches may also cause other symptoms. Most people get restless or agitated during an attack. Some people get a runny or stuffy nose. The eye on the side of the head that hurts can also get red or start tearing up. 

They are called "cluster headaches" because they usually come and go. For a while, person may have many attacks of cluster headaches. Sometimes, they may then have no cluster headaches for a while. If a person has no cluster headaches for a while, this is called a remission period. No one knows why remission periods happen. Some people with cluster headaches never have a remission period. 

Cluster headaches can be genetic (passed down through families). However, when they are, a person may never have a cluster headache unless they have a bad head injury. 

In people who do not carry a gene for cluster headaches, nobody knows what causes them. 


Ultimate (sport)

Ultimate (often called Ultimate Frisbee in reference to the trademarked brand name) is a non-contact team sport played with a 175 gram flying disc on a rectangular field. Opposing teams of 7 players try to move the disc into the opponent's end zone by throwing the disc to each other. A point is scored when one team catches the disc in the other team's end zone. A typical ultimate game will finish when one team scores fifteen points. Ultimate is most often played on grass or turf fields but can also be played on sand.

An ultimate game is made up of two periods of play which are called halves. In a game played to fifteen points, the first half finishes when one team reaches eight points. A game of ultimate may finish before one team reaches fifteen points if there is a time cap. A time cap limits the duration of a game.

The World Flying Disc Federation (WFDF) controls the rules of play and game structure for international competitions. However, players of ultimate are individually responsible for upholding the rules of ultimate. Unlike other sports, there are no referees in ultimate. Players must call their own fouls or infractions and must resolve conflict by communicating directly with the opposing team. All players are expected to follow the Spirit of the Game, which describes how fair play is critical to ultimate.

The disc can only be moved by passing, but the player with the disc can pivot on one foot. If a pass is incomplete (touches the ground or is caught or knocked down by a defending player) or out of bounds, it is a "turnover" and the other team gets possession of the disc.


Sweetwater Wind Farm

Sweetwater Wind Farm is the second largest wind farm in Texas. Construction of the 585 MW wind farm has proceeded in five stages, and some generating capacity is still being built.


New Line Cinema

New Line Film Productions Inc., often called New Line Cinema, is an American movie studio. It was founded in 1967 by Robert Shaye. It became a subsidiary of WarnerMedia in 1996. It was merged into the bigger studio Warner Bros. in 2008.

Unlike other independent studios such as Orion Pictures, Carolco Pictures, or Cannon Films, New Line Cinema has grown and prospered to become one of Hollywood's major movie studios, culminating in the hit "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy that brought prestige to the studio.


List of New Line Cinema movies

The following is a list of movies produced, co-produced, and/or distributed by New Line Cinema











































1953 Iranian coup d'état

In 1953, there was an Iranian coup d'état to remove the Prime Minister of Iran, Mohammad Mossadeq, from power. The coup d'état was nicknamed Operation Ajax. The coup was planned by the CIA and Britain's MI6 in August 1953.

In 1951, Mossaddeq was the chairman of Iran's Oil Committee. He was highly supported by the people of Iran. At that time, Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was in power. The Majlis (Iranian Parliament) voted for a law to "nationalize" (take the company away from the people who owned it and make it owned by the government) the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, an oil company in Iran.

Mossaddeq was elected Prime Minister of Iran in April 1951. His first action as Prime Minister was to put the oil nationalization in place.

The British government had a plan for a coup d'etat to remove Mossadeq from power. They managed to get the United States CIA to help with the coup. The coup was planned by Monty Woodhouse. It was carried out by MI6 and the CIA, and led by General Fazlollah Zahedi, who later went into exile.

Mossaddeq was replaced by Fazlollah Zahedi, but Mossaddeq refused to step down. A military dictatorship was put in place. Shah Pahlavi was put back in power. (Pahlavi was in power before this, but he was forced to put Mossadeq back in power at the time.) This made the people angry. They would later start the Iranian Revolution in 1979. The revolution put the Ayatollah Khomeini in power.

Van Diemen's Land

Van Diemen's Land was the name used by Europeans for Tasmania before it was known it was an island. Tasmania is now a state of Australia. The Dutch explorer Abel Tasman was the first European to chart some coasts of Tasmania. He named the land Anthoonij van Diemenslandt after Anthony van Diemen, the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies. Van Diemen had sent Tasman to explore the extent of the presumed south land in 1642.

In 1803, the island was settled by the British as a penal colony. It was called Van Diemen's Land, and became part of the British colony of New South Wales. In 1824, Van Diemen's Land became an independent colony with George Arthur as the first Governor. 
In 1856 Britain changed the name to Tasmania, an alternative name that had been shown on some maps and used by the community for decades. It was formally changed at the request of its citizens. Britain also gave the colony the right to govern itself. Later that year it had its own parliament.

From the 1830s to 1853, Van Diemen's Land was the main penal colony in Australia. When Britain stopped sending prisoners to New South Wales, all convicts were sent to Van Diemen's Land. About 75,000 convicts were sent to Van Diemen's Land, approximately 40% of all convicts sent to Australia.

Male convicts got paid for being servants or farm workers to free settlers, or in work groups on public works. Only the most difficult convicts were sent to the Tasman Peninsula prison known as Port Arthur. Convicts who comitted more crimes were also sent there. Female convicts worked as servants in free settler's houses or were sent to a female factory (women's workhouse prison). There were 5 female factories in Van Diemen's Land.

Convicts who had finished their time in prison or had been well behaved and given a ticket-of-leave often left Van Diemen's Land. Many went to the new free colony of Victoria. The free settlers in towns such as Melbourne did not like the ex-convicts coming to their town. During the Victorian gold rush a lot of settlers from Van Diemen's Land (called Vandemonians) went to the Victorian gold fields, such as Ballarat, or Bendigo.

Britain stopped sending convicts to Tasmania in 1853.

Anthony Trollope used the word "Vandemonian": 

Because the name Van Diemen's Land was seen to be tied up with convicts and it sounded like the word "demon", the citizens petitioned the name change, which was granted in 1855: effective 1 January 1856. It was called Tasmania after Abel Tasman. 

The last penal settlement in Tasmania at Port Arthur finally closed in 1877.






July Ultimatum

The July Ultimatum was a demand issued by Austria-Hungary to the Royal Serbian Government at 6 pm on 23 July 1914, after the Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria. 

Austria-Hungary's government did not directly accuse Serbia for the assassination but for "doing nothing to suppress" the subversive anti-Austro-Hungarian movement in Serbia which grew beyond Serbia's borders and which was responsible for acts of terrorism, assassination attempts and murders.

Serbia refused to accept one of the ten items of the ultimatum, and so Austria-Hungary mobilized their army. This, along with a chain of Alliances in Europe (Triple Entente and Central Powers) helped cause World War I.

The Ultimatum requested Serbia to pledge itself for the following:


The Russia asked Austria-Hungaria to extend the ultimatum deadline which would allow the Governments of the Great Powers to become acquainted with and to investigate the documents on the Sarajevo crime.

The Royal Government binds itself further: 


List of tallest structures in Australia

This is a list of the 22 tallest structures in Australia. This list has guyed masts, towers, skyscrapers and chimneys. The tallest structure in Australia is the Omega Navigational Mast Woodside in Woodside, Victoria.

This is a list of the tallest under construction buildings and structures in Australia.


List of tallest buildings in Australia

This is a list of the tallest buildings of Australia.
This is a list of the 25 tallest buildings in Australia. Observation towers, radio masts, chimneys and other structures are not included. Heights are measured to the "structural height", which means to the top of spires, but not including communications spires or radio antennas.


This list contains the tallest buildings currently under construction in Australia.




Glenrowan, Victoria

Glenrowan is a small town in the northeast of Victoria, Australia. It is 184km northeast of Melbourne and 14km from Wangaratta. It is near the Warby Ranges and Mt. Glenrowan. At the 2006 census, Glenrowan had a population of 952. It used to be on the main road between Melbourne and Sydney, the Hume Highway. The new Hume Freeway now goes around the town.

The first people to live in the area were the Australian Aboriginal tribal group called the Pallanganmiddang. Glenrowan was named after farmers James Hutton Rowan and George Christian Rowan who had large farms in the area between 1846 and 1858. The township was laid out and land sold in 1857. In 1862 Cobb and Co had a stopping place for changing horses on their stagecoaches. The Post Office was opened on February 22, 1870. The small town had a police station, hotels and a boot maker.

In 1873 railroad was built, and the town moved about a mile to be closer to the station. In 1876 the first school was built and Thomas Curnow was the teacher. He would become famous as the Hero of Glenrowan, the man who stopped the train.

It is famous for the bushranger Ned Kelly, who was captured there in 1880 after a siege and shootout with police. The Kelly Gang had captured many of the people living in the town and held them hostage in a hotel. The hotel was called the Glenrowan Inn and was owned by Mrs.Ann Jones. They had pulled up the railway track hoping that the train carrying extra policemen would crash. The school teacher Thomas Curnow got out of the hotel and was able to stop the train. The police surrounded the hotel and began shooting at the bushrangers. It is estimated that 15,000 bullets were fired during the shooting. The Kelly Gang had made suits of armour to stop the bullets from hurting them. The police set fire to the hotel. Eventually Ned Kelly was shot and captured. The rest of the gang, Dan Kelly, Steve Hart and Joe Byrne were killed.

Mrs. Jones took the government to court. She wanted to be paid £1050 for the destruction of her hotel during the siege.

In May 2008, archaeologists dug up the ruins of the Glenrowan Inn to learn more about the siege and shoot out.

Glenrowan is a popular rest point for those travelling on the Hume Freeway. In the township of Glenrowan, off the highway, tourists can rest, walk and examine the famous Kelly siege sites.


Google Street View- Ned Kelly animated theatre

List of tallest buildings in Perth

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Perth, Western Australia taller than 100 metres.

This is a list of the tallest buildings under construction, approved or proposed that are planned to be taller than 100 metres.



List of tallest buildings in Adelaide

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Adelaide, the capital city of South Australia. Heights are measured to the structural height, which includes spires, but not communications spires or antennas. Structures that are not buildings are not included in this list.

Height: R = Roof, P = Pinnacle (top of spire or antenna)

This is a list of the tallest buildings being built, approved to be built or planned that will be taller than 70 metres high.


List of tallest buildings in Sydney

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Spires on top of buildings count onto its height, but antennas do not.



Dromore, County Down

Dromore is a small town in Northern Ireland. There are around 5000 people living in the town. It is in County Down and in the Banbridge District. Dromore is 20 miles to the south of Belfast and 86 miles north of Dublin. Some towns near Dromore are Banbridge, Lurgan and Lisburn.

List of tallest buildings in Melbourne

This is a list of the tallest skyscrapers and other tall buildings (also the ones being built) in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.

Height: R = Roof, P = Pinnacle (top of spire or antenna)





Q1 (building)

Q1 (which means Queensland number 1) is a skyscraper on the Gold Coast. It is Australia's tallest skyscraper. It used to be the world's tallest residential tower (including the spire). The building is 322.5 meters high (1,058 feet) including the spire. However without the spire, it's only 275 meters (902 feet). Only the Eureka Tower in Melbourne is taller without the spire with 300 meters.2000

Inspiration

Inspiration may mean:
In business:

In music:

In film:


National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum

The Baseball Hall of Fame is a museum in Cooperstown, New York that shows the history of baseball and some of the most famous baseball players and other people, especially in North America.

The Hall of Fame opened in 1939. It was started by the Clark Foundation. The Hall of Fame was started to help bring visitors to Cooperstown which had been poor for a long time. Some people tell a story that Abner Doubleday invented baseball in Cooperstown, but the story is not true. But the baseball leagues and teams decided that it did not matter, and helped make the Hall of Fame popular.

The museum has a lot of information on the history of baseball, and a lot of old baseball things, like bats, balls, and uniforms of famous baseball players or important baseball games. It also has a baseball art collection and a library.

Next to the museum is Doubleday Field, where a baseball game is played every year as part of a party about adding new people to the museum's stories.

When someone is "in the Hall of Fame," it means they have a story of their life in baseball shown in the museum. Every year new people are chosen to be added to the Hall of Fame. These people can be baseball players, baseball team managers, and other people who work with the game of baseball. Awards are also given for baseball sports reporters. As of 2012, there are a total of 297 people in the Hall of Fame.

Two groups pick people to add to the Hall of Fame. One group is the Baseball Writers Association of America (BBWAA). This group can pick players who have been retired from Major League Baseball for five years, and played in MLB for at least 10 years. Each member of the group writes down their 10 top choices, and anyone who is on at least three-fourths of the members' lists is added to the Hall of Fame.

The other group that chooses people to add to the Hall of Fame is called the Veterans Committee, which since 2011 has been split into three separate groups (or subcommittees). The Veterans Committee votes on people who are not eligible for the BBWAA ballot—players who have been retired for 20 or more years, managers, team and league executives, and umpires. Each of the three groups is made up of Hall of Famers, baseball executives, media members, and baseball historians, and votes on people who made their greatest contributions in a different era of baseball:

Each of these three groups votes once every three years, and they rotate in the order listed above. The Expansion Era Committee chooses from among 12 people, while the other committees choose from among 10. Each committee member can vote for four people, and anyone who gets at least three-fourths of the votes is also added to the Hall of Fame.

Some people did not like how the Veterans Committee picked people for the Hall of Fame. For a while, it seemed like the Committee liked to only pick people who they had worked with before. This meant some people who might have been good enough for the Hall of Fame were missed, because they never worked with the people on the Committee. The Committee was changed in 2001, but in the three times it voted, it did not choose anyone for the Hall. It was changed again for the 2008 elections; in three election cycles, it voted in two managers and three executives, but only one player. The Committee was changed yet again for the 2011 elections; so far, the new Committee has elected one executive and one player.

In 1982, some of the museum's collection of baseball items were loaned to the head of the American baseball leagues, and one of his workers sold them for money. Even though the money was paid back, it made the Hall of Fame look bad.

There are some players who are not allowed to work in baseball anymore because they broke some very important rules, but were still very good players. The Hall of Fame does not allow people who were kicked out of baseball to be in its museum, but some people do not agree with keeping some of these people out.


Cooperstown, New York

Cooperstown is a village in Otsego County, New York. It is in the Town of Otsego. The population was estimated to be 1,794 at the 2020 census. The Village of Cooperstown is the county seat of Otsego County. Most of the village is inside the Town of Otsego, but part is in the Town of Middlefield. The National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum, The Farmers' Museum, The Fenimore Art Museum, Glimmerglass Opera, and the New York State Historical Association are in Cooperstown.

The Village of Cooperstown was established in 1786. It was laid out by surveyor William Ellison. The village started while still part of Montgomery County. It was incorporated (as the "Village of Otsego") on April 3, 1807. 

The name was legally changed to "Village of Cooperstown" in 1812. Samuel F.B. Morse, Thurlow Weed, John A. Dix, Abner Doubleday, and Samuel Nelson had summer homes in Cooperstown. Author James Fenimore Cooper grew up in Cooperstown. He returned there in his later years to live in his family home Otsego Hall.


Cooperstown (disambiguation)

Cooperstown is a village in Otsego County, New York, United States.

Cooperstown may also mean:



George Clinton (musician)

George Clinton (born July 22, 1941) is an American musician. He was involved in funk music and created a genre called P-Funk. He also worked as a record producer for bands including Red Hot Chili Peppers. He was also part of the bands Parliament and Funkadelic during the 1970s and early 1980s. From 1981, he performed by himself as a solo artist. He has been called one of the most important innovators of funk music, next to James Brown and Sly Stone. Clinton is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.

Rick Rubin

Frederick Jay "Rick" Rubin (born March 10 1963 in Long Island, New York) is an American record producer. He is currently in charge of Columbia Records. He helped merge the rap and heavy metal genres. MTV called him "the most important producer of the last 20 years." Rubin won five Grammy Awards in 2006 including "Producer Of The Year, Non-Classical". In 2007, Rubin was listed among "Time Magazine"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s 100 Most Influential People in The World. Rubin is the owner of a mansion in Los Angeles called The Mansion. Many albums he produces are recorded there. He helped produce Tom Petty's "Wildflowers" (1994).

John Carew

John Alieu Carew (; born 5 September 1979 in Lørenskog) is a retired Norwegian football player. He played for Aston Villa in the Premier League, wearing the number 10 shirt. He was named Norwegian Footballer of the Year. In season 2007/08, he was the top scorer of the Aston Villa with 13 goals. He played for Valencia at Adeccoligaen and Tippeligaen. He moved to Rosenborg in 1999 and scored 29 goals in the next season. He played also with Valencia, Roma, Beşiktaş, Olympique Lyonnais.

51||37
84||20
20||6
24||13
35||10
70||27
284||113

!Total||82||22


Dromore

Dromore is the name of several villages:


Dromore West

Dromore West () is a village in County Sligo, Republic of Ireland. About 300 people live there. It is on the N59 road about halfway between Sligo and Ballina.

Dromore West is on the Dunneil River. It is between the Ox Mountains and the Atlantic coast. There are four public houses. There are also two shops, a chemist, a Chinese take away, a butchers, a post office and florist.


Dromore, County Tyrone

Dromore ("Droim Mór", meaning "Big Ridge", in Irish) is a village in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is nine miles (15 km) southwest of Omagh on the A32 road and sixteen miles (26 km) from Enniskillen. The village had a population of 1,101 in 2001. Agriculture and the building trades are the primary sources of employment in the town. It is in the Omagh District Council area.


Ernest Lawrence

Ernest Orlando Lawrence (August 8, 1901 – August 27, 1958) was an American physicist. he was born in South Dakota. He helped invent the nuclear bomb during World War II. Lawrence won the Nobel prize for physics in 1939. His work was important in the science of nuclear physics. He worked out a way of measuring the mass of an electron, part of an atom.

Melodic death metal

Melodic death metal is a form of death metal music, which is itself a style of heavy metal. Melodic death metal is a lot like death metal but, as the name suggests, it is more melodic. Melodic death metal bands may use normal singing some times, where death metal bands nearly always use growling. Melodic death metal lyrics are also different to death metal lyrics. Death metal lyrics focus on death, war, murder and gore where melodic death metal focuses more on philosophy, religion and other less violent topics. Starting in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden it is sometimes referred to as the "Gothenburg Sound"

Melodic death metal started in Scandinavia, in countries such as Sweden and Norway. Many early melodic death metal bands wanted to mix the fast, brutal songs of death metal with the dual guitar harmonies and melodies of heavy metal bands such as Iron Maiden and Saxon.

Famous melodic death metal bands include In Flames, a Swedish band formed by Jesper Strombald, and Dark Tranquillity, one of the oldest and highly listened to bands in the genre.

Adam Levine

Adam Noah Levine (born March 18, 1979) is the lead singer of American pop rock band Maroon 5. He is also a songwriter, guitarist, and a coach on the NBC show "The Voice".

Levine has a tenor/countertenor vocal range. He has also been noted for his falsettos.

In 2013, Levine was chosen by "People" magazine as the Sexiest Man Alive.

Levine has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.

He married Victoria's Secret model Behati Prinsloo on July 19, 2014, in Mexico. Their first daughter, Dusty Rose Levine, was born on September 21, 2016. Gio Grace Levine, their second daughter, was born February 15, 2018. In September 2022, it was announced that Levine and Prinsloo are expecting their third child.

Albums

Singles

Tjako van Schie

Tjako van Schie (born 17 April 1961 in Coevorden) is a pianist and composer from the Netherlands. At the Amsterdam Conservatory he is a professor. Even in China, Van Schie played piano but he teaches in Holland and Portugal. Van Schie was educated in Zwolle by pianist Ben Smits and a student of New York pianist Jacob Lateiner. He lived for a long time in Overijssel but is living in Drenthe nowadays, both provinces of the Netherlands. 

Slipknot (album)

Slipknot is the first album by nu metal band Slipknot. The album was released in the year 1999. The album is one hour and twenty nine seconds long. Singles include "Wait and Bleed" and "Spit It Out". 



Iowa (Slipknot album)

Iowa is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Slipknot. It was released on August 28, 2001. The producers were Ross Robinson and the band itself. The album's title came from the band's home state Iowa. Singles include "Left Behind" and "My Plague". The Album is considered Nu Metal with Elements of Death Metal and Alternative Metal. 


Gwynt y Môr Wind Farm

Gwynt y Môr (Welsh: meaning "sea wind") is a 576 MW offshore wind farm off the coast of North Wales. Permission for the project was given on 3 December 2008, and building began in 2012. The wind farm started working in June 2015. It will be Wales' largest wind farm.

The wind farm is near the existing North Hoyle offshore wind farm and the Rhyl Flats offshore wind farm. All of these projects are owned by RWE npower.



Clyde Wind Farm

The Clyde Wind Farm is a proposed 548 megawatt (MW) wind farm in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. When completed, it will be Europe's largest onshore wind farm. The 152-turbine project by Scottish and Southern Energy, which was approved by the Scottish Parliament in July 2008, capable of powering 320,000 homes, and will be larger than the 322 MW Whitelee Wind Farm near Glasgow. Turbines will be built either side of the M74 motorway.

Construction of the wind farm, which will cost £600 million, is expected to finish in 2011.


All Hope Is Gone

All Hope Is Gone is the fourth studio album by American metal band Slipknot. "All Hope Is Gone" was released on August 20, 2008. The album was released through Roadrunner Records. The album featured the singles "Psychosocial" and "All Hope Is Gone".


Tomis Team Dobrogea Wind Farm

The Tomis Team Dobrogea Wind Farm is a wind farm under construction in the Dobrogea region of Romania. It will consist of an individual wind farm with 300 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW which will deliver up to 600 MW of power, enough to power over 393,000 homes, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 750 million.


Markbygden Wind Farm

Markbygden Wind Farm will be a series of interconnected wind farms in the Markbygden area of northern Sweden, covering some 450 square kilometres. The project will be built by 2025, and will have a capacity of up to 4 GW. There will be 1,101 wind turbines. Enercon has a share in the project and will build a wind tower production plant in the region, as well as a local office for service and maintenance.

Markbygden Wind Farm is the biggest wind farm in Europe.


Sirius Black

Sirius Black is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series, played by Gary Oldman. Black, also known as Padfoot or Snuffles (in his Animagus form) was a pure-blood wizard. He was born on 3rd November, 1959 and is the eldest son of Orion and Walburga Black. He is heir of the Ancient and Noble house of Black and brother to Regulus. His cousin's are Bellatrix Lestrange (née Black), Andromeda Tonks (née Black) and Narcissa Malfoy (née Black). He was Harry Potter's godfather. He was best friends with James Potter, along with Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. These four were known as the Marauders in their school days, and created the Marauder's Map.

He, along with his three friends, belonged to Gryffindor house when at Hogwarts, unlike the rest of his family, who had belonged to the house of Slytherin. He did not like his family, and ran away from home to James Potter's house when he was 16. The Potters took Sirius in as their own son. His prized possession during childhood was his flying motorbike.

Sirius was an animagus and was able to transform into a big black dog, (a Grim) which is an omen of death, at will. He, along with James Potter and Peter Pettigrew became Animagus to help Remus Lupin with his transformations. He was the first wizard to escape Azkaban prison, after being kept there twelve years for a crime that he did not commit. The betrayal of James and Lily Potter, the murder of Peter Pettigrew and 12 muggles with an unknown curse. Harry found out, after a year of believing otherwise, that Sirius was an innocent man, and helped him evade capture from the Ministry of Magic. Sirius went on the run before returning to his (empty) childhood home, 12 Grimmauld Place, and offered it up as headquarters for the Order of the Phoenix upon Voldemort's return. He was killed in a battle at the Ministry of Magic by his cousin, a Death Eater, Bellatrix Lestrange in Harry's (his Godson's)5th year at Hogwarts. He returned during Harry's 7th year along with James, Lily and Remus, after being resurrected with the help of the Resurrection stone in a hazy form.

He was the only remaining “true” heir of the House of Black. 12 Grimmauld Place was gifted to Harry Potter, Sirius’ godson. In which case, Harry or Draco Malfoy (related to the House of Black through his mother Narcissa) would’ve likely inherited the title of Head of House. Possibly even Andromeda Tonks or her grandson, Edward “Teddy” Remus Lupin.

As he has said before, "almost all pure-bloods are somehow related, and he’s no exception". He’s related to the Weasleys by way of Cedrella Weasley (née Black), whom married Septimus Weasley. Together they're the paternal grandparents of the Weasley children. He’s related to the Malfoys through Narcissa Malfoy (née Black) who married into the Malfoy family, and is Sirius’ cousin. He’s even related to his godson, Harry Potter, through Dorea Potter (née Black) who is a distant relative to Harry and James Potter. 
He is named after the dog star, Sirius,and his brother Regulus after a star in the constellation Leo. This may be connected to Griffindor, or to Draco Malfoy naming his son Scorpius. Maybe pure bloods are often named after stars?

Music festival

A music festival is a festival where music is played. Music festivals are usually outside, and often have other attractions such as food, games, and other forms of entertainment. They sometimes have a theme such as genre or nationality. Many festivals happen every year, or at some other common interval. However, some only happen once. A music festival can be held for profit or for charity.

Billboard Hot 100

The "Billboard" Hot 100 is a list of the current most popular music made by "Billboard" magazine. Rankings are based on radio play and sales; the tracking week for sales is each Monday to Sunday, while for radio play it is Wednesday to Tuesday. A new chart is made and officially released to the public by "Billboard" on Thursday. Each chart is dated with the "week-ending" date of the Saturday two weeks after. Example:

The first number one song of the Hot 100 was "Poor Little Fool" by Ricky Nelson on August 4, 1958. As of the issue for the week ending April 9, 2023, the Hot 100 has had 1,143 different number-one hits. 

What has always been known as the Hot 100 existed for nearly 15 years as numerous charts, tracking and ranking the most popular singles of the day in several areas. During the 1940s and 1950s, popular singles were ranked in three significant charts:

Although officially all three charts had equal importance, many chart historians refer to the "Best Sellers In Stores" chart when referring to a song’s performance before the Hot 100. "Billboard" eventually created a fourth singles popularity chart that combined all aspects of a single’s performance (sales, airplay and jukebox activity), based on a point system that typically gave sales (purchases) more weight than radio airplay. On the week ending November 12, 1955, "Billboard" published The Top 100 for the first time. The "Best Sellers In Stores", "Most Played By Jockeys" and "Most Played In Jukeboxes" charts continued to be published at the same time as the new "Top 100" chart.

On June 17, 1957, "Billboard" stopped the "Most Played In Jukeboxes" chart, as the popularity of jukeboxes was less and radio stations incorporated more and more rock-oriented music into their play lists. The week ending July 28, 1958 was the final publication of the "Most Played By Jockeys" and "Top 100" charts, both of which had Perez Prado's instrumental version of "Patricia" ascending to the top.

On August 4, 1958, "Billboard" started one main all-genre singles chart: the Hot 100. Although similar to the "Top 100", the first Hot 100 chart reset all songs’ "weeks on chart" status to "1". The Hot 100 quickly became the industry standard and "Billboard" stopped the "Best Sellers In Stores" chart on October 13, 1958.

The "Billboard" Hot 100 is still the standard by which a song’s popularity is measured in the United States. The Hot 100 is ranked by radio airplay audience impressions as measured by Nielsen BDS, sales data compiled by Nielsen Soundscan (both at retail and digitally) and streaming activity provided by online music sources.

There are several component charts that contribute to the overall calculation of the Hot 100. The most significant ones are shown below.

The methods and policies for obtaining and compiling data changed many times throughout the chart’s history.

The advent of a music single song chart started chart historians and chart-watchers and greatly affected pop culture and produced countless bits of trivia. The main purpose of the Hot 100 is to aid those "within the music industry" – to reflect the popularity of the "product" (the singles, the albums, etc.) and to track the trends of the buying public. "Billboard" has many times changed its methodology and policies to better reflect what is popular. 

A basic example is the weight given to sales versus airplay. Singles were the leading way by which people bought music. When singles sales were robust, more weight was given to a song’s retail points than to its radio airplay. In later decades, the recording industry concentrated more on album sales and musicians eventually released more full-length albums than singles, and by the 1990s many record companies stopped releasing singles (see "Album Cuts", below). Eventually a song’s airplay points were weighted more than its sales. "Billboard" adjusted the sales/airplay ratio many times to more accurately reflect the true popularity of songs.

"Billboard" also changed its Hot 100 policy for “two-sided singles” several times. The pre-Hot 100 chart "Best Sellers in Stores" listed popular A- and-B-sides together, with the side that was played most often (based on its other charts) listed first. One of the most notable of these, but far from the only one, was Elvis Presley’s "Don’t Be Cruel" / "Hound Dog." During the Presley single’s chart run, top billing was switched back and forth between the two sides several times. But on the concurrent "Most Played in Juke Boxes," "Most Played by Jockeys" and the "Top 100," the two songs were listed separately, as was true of all songs. With the Hot 100 in 1958, A- and-B-sides charted separately, as they had on the former Top 100.

Starting with the Hot 100 chart for the week ending November 29, 1969, this rule was altered; if both sides received significant airplay, they were listed together. This started to become a moot point by 1972, as most major record labels solidified a trend they had started in the 1960s by putting the same song on both sides of the singles it serviced to radio.

More complex issues began to arise as the typical A-and-B-side format of singles gave way to 12 inch singles and maxi-singles, many of which contained more than one B-side. Further problems arose when, in several cases, a B-side would eventually overtake the A-side in popularity, thus prompting record labels to release a new single, featuring the former B-side as the A-side, along with a "new" B-side.

The inclusion of album cuts on the Hot 100 put the double-sided hit issues to rest permanently.

A longstanding policy of the Hot 100 chart was that songs must be sold as a single. However, during the 1990s major record labels claimed that singles reduced album sales, so they were phased out. They increasingly promoted songs to radio without releasing them as singles. Labels often held off a single from release until airplay peaked, thus prompting a high debut. Often, a label deleted a single from its catalog after only one week, thus allowing the song to enter the Hot 100, make a high debut and then decline in position as the one-time production of the retail single sold out. Accusations were made that these practices manipulated the charts.

Several popular hits were never listed on the Hot 100 chart, or charted well after their airplay declined. During the period when they were not released as singles, the songs were not eligible to chart. Many of these songs dominated the "Hot 100 Airplay" chart for long periods:


In response to debate, conflicts and requests by the music artists and insiders, "Billboard" included airplay-only singles (or "album cuts") in the Hot 100. On December 5, 1998, the Hot 100 changed from being a "singles" chart to a "songs" chart.

Extended play (EP) releases were listed by "Billboard" on the Hot 100 and in pre-Hot 100 charts ("Top 100") until the mid-to-late 1960s. With the growing popularity of albums, it was decided to move EPs (which typically contain four to six tracks) from the Hot 100 to the Billboard 200, where they are included to this day.

Since February 12, 2005, the "Billboard" Hot 100 includes paid digital downloads from such internet services as iTunes, Napster, Musicmatch, and Rhapsody. With paid digital downloads added to the airplay/sales formula of the Hot 100, many songs benefited on the charts from the change. "Billboard" initially started tracking downloads in 2003 with the "Hot Digital Tracks" chart. However, these downloads did not count towards the Hot 100 and that chart (as opposed to "Hot Digital Songs") counted each version of a song separately (the chart still exists today along with "Hot Digital Songs"). This is the first major overhaul of the Hot 100's chart formula since December 1998.

The change in formula has shaken up the chart considerably, with some songs debuting on the chart strictly with robust online sales and others making drastic leaps. In recent years, several songs have been able to achieve 80-to-90 position jumps in a single week as their digital components were made available at online music stores. Since 2006, the all-time record for the biggest single-week upward movement was broken nine times.

In the issue dated August 11, 2007, "Billboard" began incorporating weekly data from Streaming media and On-demand services into the Hot 100. The first two major companies to provide their statistics to Nielsen BDS on a weekly basis are AOL Music and Yahoo! Music.

A growing trend in the early first decade of the 21st century was to issue a song as a "remix" that was so drastically different in structure and lyrical content from its original version that it was essentially a whole new song. Under normal circumstances, airplay points from a song’s album version, "radio" mix and/or dance music remix, etc. were all combined and factored into the song’s performance on the Hot 100, as the structure, lyrics and melody were the same. Criticisms began when songs were being completely re-recorded to the point that they were not like the original recording. The first such example of this scenario is Jennifer Lopez’ "I'm Real". Originally entering the Hot 100 in its album version, a "remix" was issued in the midst of its chart run that featured rapper Ja Rule. This new version proved to be far more popular than the album version and the track was propelled to number one.

To address this issue, "Billboard" now separates airplay points from a song’s original version and its remix, if the remix is determined to be a "new song". Since administering this new chart rule, several songs have charted twice, normally called "Part 1" and "Part 2". The remix rule is still in place.

"Billboard", in an effort to allow the chart to remain as current as possible and to give proper representation to new and developing artists and tracks, has (since 1991) removed titles that have reached certain criteria regarding its current rank and number of weeks on the chart. Recurrent criteria have been modified several times and currently (as of 2010), a song is permanently moved to "recurrent status" if it has spent 20 weeks on the Hot 100 and fallen below position number 50. Exceptions are made to re-releases and sudden resurgence in popularity of tracks that have taken a very long time to gain mainstream success. These rare cases are handled on a case-by-case basis and ultimately determined by "Billboard"’s chart managers and staff.

The most notable exception to the recurrent entry policy applies to holiday-themed releases, which are commonly reissued year after year in anticipation of Christmas purchasing. After its initial chart run, a holiday entry cannot re-enter the Hot 100 in subsequent years.

"Billboard"'s "chart year" runs from the first week of December to the final week in November. This altered calendar allows for "Billboard" to calculate year-end charts and release them in time for its final print issue on the last week of December. Before Nielsen SoundScan, year-end singles charts were calculated by an inverse-point system based solely on a song’s performance on the Hot 100 (for example, a song would be given one point for a week spent at position 100, two points for a week spent at position ninety-nine and so forth, up to 100 points for each week spent at number one). Other factors including the total weeks a song spent on the chart and at its peak position were calculated into its year-end total.

After "Billboard" began obtaining sales and airplay information from Nielsen SoundScan, the year-end charts are now calculated by a very straightforward cumulative total of yearlong sales and airplay points. This gives a more accurate picture of any given year’s most popular tracks, as a song that hypothetically spent nine weeks at number one in March could possibly have earned fewer cumulative points than a song that spent six weeks at number three in January. Songs at the peak of their popularity at the time of the November/December chart-year cutoff many times end up ranked on the following year's chart as well, as their cumulative points are split between the two chart-years, but often are ranked lower than they would have been had the peak occurred in a single year.

The limitations of the Hot 100 have become more pronounced over time. Since the Hot 100 was based on singles sales, as singles have themselves become a less common form of song release, the Hot 100's data represented a narrowing segment of sales until the December 1998 change in the ranking formula.

Few music historians believe that the Hot 100 has been a perfectly accurate gauge of the most popular songs for each week or year. For example, during the 1950s and 1960s, payola and other problems skewed the numbers in largely undetectable ways.

The history of popular music shows nearly as many remarkable failures to chart as it does impressive charting histories. Certain artists (such as Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin) had tremendous album sales while being out of the weekly singles charts. Business changes in the industry also affect artists' statistical "records." Single releases were more frequent and steady, and were expected to have much shorter shelf lives in earlier decades, making direct historical comparisons difficult. Of the sixteen singles to top the Billboard chart for more than ten weeks since 1955, just one was released before 1992. During the first forty years of the rock era, no song had ever debuted at number one; since a 1995 change in methodology, nineteen songs have.

Strategizing also plays a role. Numerous artists have taken deliberate steps to maximize their chart positions by such tactics as timing a single's debut to face the weakest possible competition, or massively discounting the price of singles to the point where each individual sale represented a financial loss. Meanwhile, other artists would deliberately withhold even their most marketable songs in order to boost album sales. Particularly in the 1990s, many of the most heavily played MTV and radio hits were unavailable for separate purchase. Because of such countervailing strategies, it cannot be said that a Hot 100 chart necessarily lists the country's 100 most popular or successful songs. Strategies like these were the main reason behind the December 1998 change in the charts.

Some critics have argued that an overemphasis on a limited number of singles has distorted record industry development efforts, and there are nearly as many critics of the Hot 100 as there are supporters. Certain of these criticisms, however, are becoming less as digital downloads have revitalized the concept of “singles sales.”

The "Billboard" charts have endured as the only widely circulated published report on songs that have been popular across the United States over the last half-century. Competing publications such as "Cash Box", "Record World", "Radio & Records" and most recently "Mediabase" have offered alternate charts, which sometimes differed widely.

The Hot 100 served for many years as the data source for the weekly radio countdown show "American Top 40". This relationship ended on November 30, 1991, as "American Top 40" started using the airplay-only side of the Hot 100 (then called Top 40 Radio Monitor). The ongoing splintering of Top 40 radio in the early 1990s led stations to lean into specific formats, meaning that practically no station would play the wide array of genres that typically composed each weekly Hot 100 chart.

A new chart, the Pop 100, was created by "Billboard" in February 2005 to answer criticism that the Hot 100 was biased in favor of rhythmic songs, as throughout most of its existence, the Hot 100 was seen predominantly as a pop chart. It was stopped in June 2009 due to the charts becoming increasingly similar.

The Canadian Hot 100 was launched June 16, 2007. Like the Hot 100 chart, it uses sales and airplay tracking compiled by Nielsen SoundScan and BDS.

The Japan Hot 100 was launched in the issue dated May 31, 2008, using the same methodologies as the Hot 100 charts for the U.S. and Canada, utilizing sales and airplay data from SoundScan Japan and radio tracking service Plantech.



Last.fm

Last.fm is a music website from the UK. It started in 2002. It provides Internet radio, and a community for music discussion. It has more than 19 million users.


List of tallest buildings in Brisbane

This is a list of the tallest buildings in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.

Brisbane has more than 50 skyscrapers more than 100 metres tall, the third most of any city in Oceania (after Sydney and Melbourne). At 243 metres tall, Soleil is the tallest building in Brisbane, but in 2012 the 249 metre Infinity, which is now being built will become taller.

This is a list of Brisbane's tallest completed and topped out buildings in 2011. Structures are not included. Official heights are ranked by the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat, and include spires but exclude communications masts and spires.

This is a list of buildings currently under construction or proposed that are planned to reach 100 metres in height.


Worcestershire sauce

Worcestershire sauce (spoken like ˈwʊstəˌʃɪə or WUSS-ter-SHERR) is a widely-used fermented sauce. It was first made at 68 Broad Street, Worcester, by the company Lea & Perrins in the 1830s. It was made for selling to people in 1837, and is still the only Worcestershire sauce still to be made in the UK. In 1930 the company was sold to HP Foods and was later sold to the H.J. Heinz Company from Groupe Danone in 2005.

The sauce is made ready to sell in the Midlands Road factory in Worcester, which is the home of Lea & Perrins since 16 October 1897.

The H. J. Heinz Company, which now makes "The Original Lea & Perrins Worcestershire Sauce", with the name Lea & Perrins, Inc., lists these ingredients on the bottle made in the United States: vinegar, molasses, high fructose corn syrup, anchovies, water, onions, salt, garlic, tamarind concentrate, cloves, natural flavorings and chili pepper extract.

The ingredients of a bottle of Worcestershire sauce from England sold under the name "The Original & Genuine Lea & Perrins Worcestershire Sauce" by Lea & Perrins, Limited, lists the following ingredients: malt vinegar (from barley), spirit vinegar, molasses, sugar, salt, anchovies, tamarind extract, onions, garlic, spice and flavouring.

The sauce is used to make many dishes, both cooked and uncooked, and often with beef; drinks such as the Bloody Mary also use it. Lea & Perrins also makes it in concentrated form that is made ready to sell in other countries.

Worcestershire sauce is called Worcester sauce in South Africa and some parts of the US as; (), or spoken like Woo-ster sauce.

The "Worcestershire sauce" is one of many food products that were made because of Britain ruling India.

Indian massacre of 1622

The Indian massacre of 1622 (also known as the Jamestown Massacre) was an event where around 347 people were killed in the Virginia Colony of North America on Good Friday, March 22, 1622. The number killed, 347, was almost one-third of the English population of Jamestown. They were killed by a number of surprise attacks by the Powhatan Confederacy (a Native American tribe), who were ruled by Chief Opechancanough.


Fluxbox

In Unix computing, Fluxbox is an X window manager based on Blackbox 0.61.1. It tries to be lightweight and customizable, and has very little support for graphical icons. Its user interface has only a taskbar and a menu that can be used by right-clicking on the desktop. All basic settings are controlled by text files.

Fluxbox can show some eye candy such as: colors, gradients, borders, and several other basic appearance settings can be changed. Effects managers such as Xcompmgr and transset-df can add true transparency to desktop elements and windows. Enhancements can also be provided by using iDesk or fbdesk , or the ROX Desktop.
Fluxbox also has several features Blackbox does not have, including tabbed windows and a configurable titlebar.

Because of its small memory use and quick loading time, Fluxbox is popular in many Live CDs such as Knoppix STD and GParted. It was the default window manager of Damn Small Linux, but was replaced with JWM after the release of Damn Small Linux 4.0. It is currently the default window manager of antiX , a linux distribution based on MEPIS and designed for old computers, PCFluxboxOS, a remaster of PCLinuxOS, and LinguasOS, a Live CD distribution for professional translators. Fluxbuntu, Ubuntu with Fluxbox and lightweight applications, was released in October 2007.



Damn Small Linux

Damn Small Linux or DSL is a free operating system for the x86 family of personal computers. It was designed to run graphical applications on older PC hardware—for example, machines with 486/early Pentium processors and very little memory. DSL is a Live CD with a size of 50 MB. What originally started as an experiment to see how much software could fit in 50 MB eventually became a full-fledged Linux distribution. It can be installed on storage media with small capacities, like bootable business cards, USB flash drives, various memory cards, and Zip drives.

DSL was originally conceived and maintained by John Andrews. The community now includes Robert Shingledecker, who created the MyDSL system, DSL Control Panel, and other features.

DSL was originally based on Model-K, a 22 MB stripped-down version of Knoppix, but soon after was based on Knoppix proper, allowing much easier remastering and improvements.

DSL supports only x86 PCs. The minimum system requirements are a 486 processor and 8 MB of RAM. DSL has been demonstrated browsing the web with Dillo, running simple games and playing music on systems with a 486 processor and 16 MB of RAM. The system requirements are higher for running Mozilla Firefox and optional add-ons such as the OpenOffice.org office suite.

The current version of DSL is 4.4.5, released September 3, 2008. DSL currently includes the following software:

DSL has built-in scripts to download and install Advanced Packaging Tool (APT). Once APT is enabled, the user can install packages from Debian's 'Woody' repository. Additionally, DSL hosts software ranging from large applications like OpenOffice.org and GCC, to smaller ones such as aMSN, by means of the "MyDSL" system, which allows convenient one-click download and installation of software. Files hosted on MyDSL are called "extensions". As of June 2008, the MyDSL servers were hosting over 900 applications, plugins, and other extensions.

MyDSL is handled and maintained mostly by Robert Shingledecker and hosted by many organizations, such as ibiblio and Belgium's BELNET. There are 2 areas of MyDSL - regular and "testing". The regular area contains extensions that have been proven stable enough for everyday use and is broken down into different areas such as "apps", "net", "system", and "uci" ("Universal Compressed ISO" - Extensions in .uci format are mounted as a separate filesystem to minimize RAM usage). The "testing" area is for newly submitted extensions that theoretically work 'as advertised', but may have any number of bugs.

The standard flavour of DSL is the Live CD. There are also other versions available.

A Live USB of Damn Small Linux can be created manually or with UNetbootin.



Swamp blues

Swamp blues is a type of blues music. It is based on the Louisiana blues, but has a more laid back and relaxed feel.

Swamp blues is often linked to J. D. "Jay" Miller's, recording studio in Crowley, Louisiana. Miller released lots of swamp blues recordings on his own labels, as well as on more well known labels. Showing the impact of Swamp Blues on other music, the Rolling Stones played a version of Slim Harpo's "I'm a King Bee," and Neil Young recorded Slim Harpo's "Rainin' In My Heart."


Book of Odes (Bible)

Odes () is a book of the Bible that is only found in Eastern Orthodox Bibles. The chapters are prayers and songs from the Old and New Testaments. 

Chapters of this book as presented by Rahlfs are:


1975–76 NHL season

The 1975–76 NHL season was the 59th season of the National Hockey League. Eighteen teams each played 80 games. The Montreal Canadiens set records in wins with 58 and points with 127, beginning a four-year stretch where they would dominate the league in the regular season and win four straight Stanley Cup titles.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
The two-time defending Stanley Cup Champions, the Philadelphia Flyers, once again made it to the finals, but lost in four games to the Montreal Canadiens.

Montreal Canadiens vs. Philadelphia Flyers


Communes of the Mayenne department

There are 261 communes in the Mayenne department in France, all included in the following list:

Ahuillé

Ahuillé is a commune of 1662 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Alexain

Alexain is a commune of 402 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ambrières-les-Vallées

Ambrières-les-Vallées is a commune of 2,903 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ampoigné

Ampoigné is a former commune of 421 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Prée-d'Anjou.

Andouillé

Andouillé is a commune of 2,310 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. It is twinned with the village of Farnsfield, Nottinghamshire.

Argenton-Notre-Dame

Argenton-Notre-Dame is a former commune of 181 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bierné-les-Villages.

Argentré

Argentré is a commune of 2487 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Aron, Mayenne

Aron is a commune of 1550 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Arquenay

Arquenay is a commune of 508 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Assé-le-Bérenger

Assé-le-Bérenger is a commune of 329 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Astillé

Astillé is a commune of 547 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Athée, Mayenne

Athée is a commune of 488 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Averton

Averton is a commune of 601 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Azé, Mayenne

Azé is a former commune of 2,999 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Château-Gontier-sur-Mayenne.

La Baconnière

La Baconnière is a commune of 1,194 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bais, Mayenne

Bais is a commune of 1487 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ballée

Ballée is a former commune of 719 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Val-du-Maine.

Ballots, Mayenne

Ballots is a commune of 1036 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bannes, Mayenne

Bannes is a commune of 118 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

La Bazoge-Montpinçon

La Bazoge-Montpinçon is a commune of 525 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Bazouge-de-Chemeré

La Bazouge-de-Chemeré is a commune of 504 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Bazouge-des-Alleux

La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune of 262 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Bazougers

Bazougers is a commune of 933 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Beaulieu-sur-Oudon

Beaulieu-sur-Oudon is a commune of 401 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf, Mayenne

Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf is a commune of 198 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Belgeard

Belgeard is a commune of 335 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bierné

Bierné is a former commune of 665 people (2005). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bierné-les-Villages.

Le Bignon-du-Maine

Le Bignon-du-Maine is a commune in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France. In 1999, 304 people lived in it. 

La Bigottière

La Bigottière is a commune of 331 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Blandouet

Blandouet is a former commune of 157 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Blandouet-Saint Jean.

La Boissière, Mayenne

La Boissière is a commune of 111 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bonchamp-lès-Laval

Bonchamp-lès-Laval is a commune of 5232 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bouchamps-lès-Craon

Bouchamps-lès-Craon is a commune of 514 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

In its territory flows the Jouanne river.

Bouère

Bouère is a commune of 321 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Bouessay

Bouessay is a commune of 563 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Boulay-les-Ifs

Boulay-les-Ifs is a commune of 168 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Bourgneuf-la-Forêt

Le Bourgneuf-la-Forêt is a commune of 1537 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Bourgon

Bourgon is a commune of 587 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Brains-sur-les-Marches

Brains-sur-les-Marches is a commune of 229 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Brecé

Brecé is a commune of 830 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Tinker Bell (movie)

Tinker Bell is a Disney movie based on the character from "Peter Pan". It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on October 28, 2008. Unlike the other two Disney movies of Peter Pan, this movie was animated completely using computer animation. This was also the first time that the Disney version of Tinker Bell talked. The original name of the movie was "Tinker Bell and the Ring of Belief".

The movie was directed by Bradley Raymond.


The movie's soundtrack was released on October 14, 2008, a week before the DVD release and contains songs from and inspired by the movie.


Disney Fairies: Tinker Bell is an adventure game loosely based on the movie.

In April 2008, Disney announced that the movie will be released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on October 28, 2008. Contrary to the previous announcement of the suspension of direct-to-video sequels, they also announced three direct-to-DVD sequels to follow this movie, also digitally animated:

The movie saw an exclusive theatrical release at the El Capitan Theatre between September 19 and October 2nd. It was also premiered on Disney Channel in November as part of "New in November."


Woolfardisworthy, Torridge

Woolfardisworthy is a village in the Torridge district in the English county of Devon.

The name of the village is a local curiosity, as its pronunciation (and occasional spelling) differs to how one may try to pronounce it. On local signs, the village is sometimes marked as Woolsery alongside the original name. This is due to the pronunciation of the village's name being /ˈwʊlzərɨ/ ("Woolz'ry").

There is another (smaller) village of the same name in the Mid Devon district.

Guadalcanal campaign

The Guadalcanal Campaign was fought between August 7, 1942, and February 9, 1943, in the Pacific theatre of World War II. This campaign, which was a decisive and strategically important campaign of World War II, was fought on the ground, at sea, and in the air between Allied forces against Imperial Japanese forces. The fighting took place on and around the island of Guadalcanal in the southern Solomon Islands, and was the first major offensive launched by Allied forces against the Empire of Japan.

On August 7, 1942, Allied forces, mainly from the United States, started landings on the islands of Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Florida in the southern Solomons with the aim to make supply routes between the U.S., Australia, and New Zealand safer.
The Battle of Guadalcanal was one of the first long campaigns in the Pacific.

On 7 December 1941, Japanese forces attacked the neutral United States Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. The attack killed almost 2,500 people and damaged much of the US battleship fleet, starting a war between the two nations next day. The initial goals of Japanese leaders were to destroy the US Navy, seize lands rich in natural resources, and establish strategic military bases to defend Japan's empire in the Pacific Ocean and Asia. To do this, Japanese forces captured the Philippines, Thailand, Malaya, Singapore, Burma, the Dutch East Indies, and many small islands. Joining the U.S. in the war against Japan were the rest of the Allied powers, several of whom, including the United Kingdom, Australia and the Netherlands had also been attacked by Japan.

The naval battle of the Coral Sea prevented a quick Japanese conquest of Australia and the Battle of Midway reduced Japan's carrier forces. 

The Allies chose the southern Solomon Islands including Guadalcanal, as the first target. The Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) had occupied Tulagi in May 1942 and had constructed a seaplane base nearby. Allied concern grew when, in early July 1942, the IJN began constructing a large airfield at Lunga Point on Guadalcanal. From there, Japanese long range bombers would threaten the East Coast of Australia. By August 1942, the Japanese had about 900 naval troops on Tulagi and nearby islands and 2,800 people on Guadalcanal. These bases would protect Japan's major base at Rabaul, threaten Allied supply and communication lines and establish base for attacks against Fiji, New Caledonia and Samoa.

The Japanese planned to send 45 fighters and 60 bombers to Guadalcanal. In 1942 these aircraft could provide air cover for Japanese naval forces advancing into the South Pacific.

The Allied plan to invade the southern Solomons was thought of by U.S. Admiral Ernest King, Commander in Chief, United States Fleet. He wanted to take the islands away from the Japanese. With Roosevelt's agreement, King also wanted to invade Guadalcanal. Because the United States supported Great Britain's idea of defeating Germany before Japan, the Pacific war had to compete for troops and resources with the European war.

Therefore US Army General George C. Marshall was against King's proposed attacks and asked who would command the operation. King replied that the Navy and Marines would do it themselves and instructed Admiral Chester Nimitz to plan the attacks. King won the argument with Marshall and the invasion went ahead.

The Guadalcanal attack would be carried out in at the same time as an Allied offensive in New Guinea under Douglas MacArthur. The goal was to capture the Admiralty Islands and the Bismarck Archipelago, including the major Japanese base at Rabaul. Eventually they would take the Philippines. The U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff put Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley in command on 19 June 1942, to direct the attack in the Solomons.

Admiral Chester Nimitz, based at Pearl Harbor, was the overall Allied commander in chief for Pacific forces.
In preparation for the attack in the Pacific in May 1942, the U.S. 1st Marine Division moved from the United States to New Zealand. Other Allied land, naval and air force units were sent to other Pacific islands. The attack was codenamed "Operation Watchtower", with the date set for 7 August 1942.

At first, the attacks were planned just for Tulagi and the Santa Cruz Islands, and not Guadalcanal. When the Allies discovered the Japanese airfield on Guadalcanal, its capture was added to the plan and the Santa Cruz operation was dropped. The Japanese knew Allied forces were moving but thought they were going to Australia and perhaps Port Moresby in New Guinea.

The "Watchtower" force, numbering 75 warships and transports (of vessels from the U.S. and Australia), assembled near Fiji on 26 July 1942. They did one rehearsal landing prior to leaving for Guadalcanal on 31 July. The commander of the Allied force was U.S. Vice Admiral Frank Fletcher (flag in aircraft carrier ). Commanding the sea and land forces was U.S. Rear Admiral Richmond K. Turner. Vandegrift led the 16,000 Allied (primarily U.S. Marine) infantry for the landings.

The troops sent to Guadalcanal were fresh from military training and armed with M1903 Springfield rifles and a 10-day supply of ammunition. To get them into battle quickly, the operation planners had reduced their supplies to only 60 days. The troops of the 1st Marine Division began referring to the coming battle as "Operation Shoestring".

Bad weather allowed the Allied force to arrive near Guadalcanal unseen by the Japanese on the night of 6 August and the morning of 7 August and take the defenders by surprise. This has sometimes been called the Midnight Raid on Guadalcanal. The landing force split into two groups, with one group attacking Guadalcanal, and the other Tulagi, Florida, and nearby islands.

Allied warships bombed the invasion beaches while U.S. carrier aircraft bombed Japanese forces on the target islands and destroyed 15 Japanese seaplanes at their base near Tulagi.

Tulagi and two nearby small islands, Gavutu and Tanambogo, were attacked by 3,000 U.S. Marines. The 886 IJN forces violently resisted the Marine attacks. With some difficulty, the Marines captured all three islands; Tulagi on 8 August, and Gavutu and Tanambogo by 9 August.

The Japanese defenders were almost all killed while the Marines had 122 killed.

The landings on Guadalcanal had much less resistance. On 7 August, 11,000 U.S. Marines came ashore on Guadalcanal and met no resistance. They stopped for the night about from the Lunga Point airfield. The next day, against little resistance, the Marines advanced to Lunga River and captured the airfield by 16:00 on 8 August.

The Japanese naval construction staff and combat troops had abandoned the airfield area and fled about west to the Matanikau River and Point Cruz area. They left behind food, supplies, construction equipment and vehicles, and 13 dead.

During the landing operations on 7 and 8 August, Japanese naval aircraft based at Rabaul, under the command of Sadayoshi Yamada, attacked the Allied forces several times, setting afire the transport USS "George F. Elliot" (which sank two days later) and heavily damaging the destroyer . In the air attacks over the two days, the Japanese lost 36 aircraft, while the U.S. lost 19, both in combat and to accident, including 14 carrier fighters.

After these fights, Fletcher was concerned about the losses to his carrier fighter aircraft. He was also anxious about the threat to his carriers from Japanese air attacks, and worried about his ships' fuel levels. Fletcher pulled back from the Solomon Islands area with his carrier task forces the evening of 8 August. As a result of the loss of carrier-based air cover, Turner pulled back his ships from Guadalcanal, even though less than half of the supplies and heavy equipment needed by the troops ashore had been unloaded. Turner planned, however, to unload as many supplies as possible on Guadalcanal and Tulagi throughout the night of 8 August and then depart with his ships early on 9 August.

That night, as the transports unloaded, two groups of Allied cruisers and destroyers, under the command of British Rear Admiral Victor Crutchley VC, were defeated by a Japanese force of seven cruisers and one destroyer from the 8th Fleet based at Rabaul and Kavieng and commanded by Japanese Vice Admiral Gunichi Mikawa.

In the Battle of Savo Island one Australian and three American cruisers were sunk and one American cruiser and two destroyers were damaged. The Japanese had moderate damage to one cruiser. Mikawa, who was unaware Fletcher was preparing to pull back with the U.S. carriers, immediately went back to Rabaul without attempting to attack the transports. Mikawa was concerned about daylight U.S. carrier air attacks if he remained in the area. Without carrier air cover, Turner decided to pull back his remaining naval forces by the evening of 9 August. This left the Marines ashore without much of the heavy equipment, supplies and troops still aboard the transports. Mikawa's decision not to attempt to destroy the Allied transport ships was a big mistake.

The 11,000 Marines on Guadalcanal at first set up a guard around Lunga Point and the airfield. They also moved the landed supplies ashore and finished the airfield. By 18 August the airfield was ready for operation. Five days worth of food had been landed from the transports, which, along with captured Japanese food, gave the Marines a total of 14 days worth of food. To conserve supplies, the troops were limited to two meals per day.

Allied troops got sick with dysentery soon after the landings, with one in five Marines sick by mid-August. Tropical diseases affected both sides' troops. Although some of the Korean construction workers surrendered to the Marines, most of the Japanese and Korean gathered to the west and ate coconuts. A Japanese naval outpost was also located at Taivu Point, about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of the Lunga perimeter. On 8 August, a Japanese destroyer from Rabaul delivered 113 troops to the Matanikau position.

On the evening of 12 August, a 25-man U.S. Marine patrol landed by boat to try and find a group of Japanese troops that U.S. forces thought might be willing to surrender. Soon after the patrol landed, a nearby platoon of Japanese naval troops attacked and almost completely killed the Marine patrol.

On 19 August, Vandegrift sent three companies of the U.S. 5th Marine Regiment to attack the Japanese troops west of the Matanikau. One company attacked at the mouth of the Matanikau river while another crossed the river inland and attacked the Japanese forces in Matanikau village. The third landed by boat further west and attacked Kokumbuna village. After briefly occupying the two villages, the three Marine companies returned to the Lunga perimeter, having killed about 65 Japanese soldiers while losing four.

This was the first of several major actions around the Matanikau River during the battle.

On 20 August, the escort carrier delivered two squadrons of Marine aircraft to Henderson Field, one a squadron of 19 F4F Wildcats and the other a squadron of 12 SBD Dauntlesses. The aircraft at Henderson became known as the "Cactus Air Force" (CAF) after the Allied codename for Guadalcanal.

The Marine fighters were used the next day. There were Japanese bomber air raids almost every day. On 22 August five U.S. Army P-400 Airacobras and their pilots arrived at Henderson Field.

In response to the Allied landings on Guadalcanal, the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters assigned the Imperial Japanese Army's (IJA) 17th Army at Rabaul and under the command of Lieutenant General Harukichi Hyakutake, was ordered to retake Guadalcanal. The army was to be supported by Japanese naval units, including the Combined Fleet under the command of Isoroku Yamamoto, which was headquartered at Truk. The 17th Army, at that time involved in the Japanese campaign in New Guinea, had only a few units available. The 35th Infantry Brigade under Major General Kiyotake Kawaguchi was at Palau. The 4th (Aoba) Infantry Regiment was in the Philippines and the 28th (Ichiki) Infantry Regiment, under the command of Colonel Kiyonao Ichiki, was on transport ships near Guam.

The different units began to move towards Guadalcanal. Ichiki's unit, consisting of about 917 soldiers, landed from destroyers at Taivu Pointbafter midnight on 19 August, then made a night march west toward the Marines. The Ichiki regiment was named after its commanding officer.

Ichiki thought that there were not that many Allied soldiers on Guadalcanal. Ichiki's soldiers attacked Marine positions at Alligator Creek in the early morning hours of 21 August. Ichiki's attack was defeated with heavy Japanese losses in what became known as the Battle of the Tenaru. In the day, the Marines attacked Ichiki's surviving troops, killing many more of them.

The dead included Ichiki, though it has been claimed that he committed suicide after realizing his defeat, rather than dying in combat. In total, all but 128 of the original 917 members of the Ichiki Regiment's force were killed in the battle. The survivors returned to Taivu Point, notified 17th Army headquarters of their defeat and waited for new soldiers and orders from Rabaul.

As the Tenaru battle was ending, more Japanese troops were already on their way. Three slow transports departed from Truk on 16 August carrying the remaining 1,400 soldiers from Ichiki's (28th) Infantry Regiment plus 500 naval marines from the 5th Yokosuka Special Naval Landing Force.

The transports were guarded by 13 warships commanded by Japanese Rear Admiral Raizo Tanaka. He planned to land the troops on Guadalcanal on 24 August. To cover the landings and retake Henderson Field from Allied forces, Yamamoto directed Chuichi Nagumo to meet with a carrier force from Truk on 21 August and head towards the southern Solomon Islands. Nagumo's force included three carriers and 30 other warships.

Three U.S. carrier task forces under Fletcher approached Guadalcanal to attack the Japanese. On 24 and 25 August, the two carrier forces fought the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, which resulted in both fleets pulling back from the area after taking some damage. Japan lost one light aircraft carrier. Tanaka's convoy, after getting heavy damage during the battle from an air attack by aircraft from Henderson Field, including the sinking of one of the transports, changed direction to the Shortland Islands in the northern Solomons. This was done to transfer the troops to destroyers for delivery to Guadalcanal.

Throughout August, small numbers of U.S. aircraft and their crews continued to arrive at Guadalcanal. By the end of August, 64 aircraft of various types were stationed at Henderson Field. Air battles between the Allied aircraft at Henderson and Japanese bombers and fighters from Rabaul continued almost daily. Between 26 August and 5 September, the U.S. lost about 15 aircraft while the Japanese lost approximately 19 aircraft. More than half of the downed U.S. aircrews were rescued while most of the Japanese aircrews were never recovered. The eight-hour round trip flight from Rabaul to Guadalcanal, about total, made it hard for the Japanese to attack Henderson Field.

Australians on Bougainville and New Georgia islands were often able to warn of Japanese air strikes, allowing the U.S. fighters time to take off and attack the Japanese bombers and fighters as they approached the island.

Between 21 August and 3 September, three Marine battalions, including the 1st Raider Battalion, under Merritt A. Edson (Edson's Raiders), and the 1st Parachute Battalion from Tulagi and Gavutu went to Guadalcanal. These units added about 1,500 troops to the original 11,000 men defending Henderson Field. The 1st Parachute Battalion, which had many dead and wounded in the Battle of Tulagi and Gavutu-Tanambogo in August, was placed under Edson's command.

The other relocated battalion, the 1st Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment (1/5), was landed west of the Matanikau near Kokumbuna village on 27 August. They had the mission of attacking Japanese units in the area. They faced hot sun, and strong Japanese defenses. The next morning, the Marines found that the Japanese defenders had departed during the night, so the Marines returned to the Lunga perimeter by boat. Losses in this action were 20 Japanese and 3 Marines killed.

Small Allied naval convoys arrived at Guadalcanal on 23 August 29 August, 1 September, and 8 September. They provided the Marines at Lunga with more food, ammunition, aircraft fuel, and aircraft technicians. The 1 September convoy also brought 392 construction engineers to work on Henderson Field.

By 23 August, Kawaguchi's 35th Infantry Brigade reached Truk and was loaded onto slow transport ships for the rest of the trip to Guadalcanal. The damage done to Tanaka's convoy during the Battle of the Eastern Solomons made the Japanese decide not to deliver more troops to Guadalcanal by slow transport. Instead, ships carrying Kawaguchi's soldiers were sent to Rabaul.

From there, the Japanese planned to deliver Kawaguchi's men to Guadalcanal by destroyers. The Japanese destroyers were usually able to make round trips down (New Georgia Sound) to Guadalcanal and back in a single night throughout the campaign, minimizing their risk of Allied air attack.

The runs became known as the "Tokyo Express" to Allied Forces by the Japanese.

Delivering the troops like this made it hard to bring heavy equipment and supplies, such as heavy artillery, vehicles, and much food and ammunition to Guadalcanal. In addition, this activity used destroyers the IJN needed for commerce defense. The Allied naval commanders did not fight Japanese naval forces at night. However, any Japanese ship remaining within range of the aircraft at Henderson Field during the daylight hours, about , was in great danger from air attack. Thissituation existed for the next several months of the battle.

Between 29 August and 4 September, Japanese light cruisers, destroyers, and patrol boats were able to land almost 5,000 troops at Taivu Point, including most of the 35th Infantry Brigade, much of the Aoba (4th) Regiment, and the rest of Ichiki's regiment. General Kawaguchi, who landed at Taivu Point on 31 August Express run, was placed in command of all Japanese forces on Guadalcanal. A barge convoy took another 1,000 soldiers of Kawaguchi's brigade, under the command of Colonel Akinosuke Oka, to Kamimbo, west of the Lunga perimeter.

On 7 September, Kawaguchi issued his attack plan to destroy enemy in the Guadalcanal Island airfield. Kawaguchi's attack plan called for his forces to do a surprise night attack. Oka's forces would attack from the west while Ichiki's Second Echelon would attack from the east. The main attack would be by Kawaguchi's group of 3,000 men in three battalions, from the south. By 7 September, most of Kawaguchi's troops began marching towards Lunga Point along the coastline. About 250 Japanese troops remained behind to guard the brigade's supply base at Taivu.

Meanwhile, scouts brought reports to the U.S. Marines of Japanese troops at Taivu near the village of Tasimboko. Edson planned a raid on the Japanese troops at Taivu. On 8 September, after being dropped-off near Taivu by boat, Edson's men captured Tasimboko as the Japanese retreated into the jungle.

In Tasimboko, Edson's troops discovered Kawaguchi's main supply depot, including large stockpiles of food, ammunition, medical supplies, and a powerful shortwave radio. After destroying everything, except some papers, the Marines returned to the Lunga perimeter. The captured documents informed the Marines that at least 3,000 Japanese troops were on the island and planning an attack.

Edson, along with Colonel Gerald C. Thomas, Vandegrift's operations officer, thought that the Japanese attack would come at a narrow, grassy, -long, coral ridge south of Henderson Field. The ridge, called Lunga Ridge, had a good approach to the airfield and it was undefended. On 11 September, the 840 men of Edson's battalion were sent onto and around the ridge.

On the night of 12 September, Kawaguchi's 1st Battalion attacked the Raiders between the Lunga River and ridge. One Marine company had to fall back to the ridge before the Japanese stopped their attack for the night. The next night Kawaguchi had to battle Edson's 830 Raiders with 3,000 troops of his brigade and artillery. The Japanese attack began just after nightfall with Kawaguchi's 1st battalion attacking Edson's right side to the west of the ridge. After breaking through the Marine defences, the attack was eventually stopped by Marine units guarding the northern part of the ridge.

Two companies from Kawaguchi's 2nd Battalion moved up the southern edge of the ridge and pushed Edson's troops back to Hill 123 on the center part of the ridge. Throughout the night the Marines fought against Japanese attacks, some of which resulted in hand-to-hand fighting. The Marines also had artillery. Japanese groups that got past the ridge to the edge of the airfield were also sent back.

Attacks by the Kuma battalion and Oka's unit at other places were also stopped. On 14 September Kawaguchi led the survivors on a five-day march west to the Matanikau Valley to join with Oka's unit. In total Kawaguchi's forces lost about 850 killed and the Marines 104.

On 15 September Hyakutake at Rabaul learned of Kawaguchi's loss and sent the news to Imperial General Headquarters in Japan. In an emergency meeting, the top Japanese IJA and IJN command staffs decided that, Guadalcanal might develop into the most important battle of the war. The loss affected Japanese operations in other areas of the Pacific. Hyakutake realized that to send sufficient troops and supplies to defeat the Allied forces on Guadalcanal he could not support the major ongoing Japanese attacks on the Kokoda Track in New Guinea.

Hyakutake, with the agreement of General Headquarters, ordered his troops on New Guinea who were within of their goal of Port Moresby to pull back until the Guadalcanal battle was finished. Hyakutake sent more troops to Guadalcanal for another attempt to recapture Henderson Field.
As the Japanese troops gathered west of the Matanikau, the U.S. forces strengthened their Lunga defenses. On 14 September Vandegrift moved another battalion, the 3rd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regiment (3/2), from Tulagi to Guadalcanal. On 18 September an Allied naval convoy delivered 4,157 men from the 3rd Provisional Marine Brigade (the 7th Marine Regiment plus a battalion from the 11th Marine Regiment and some additional support units).

The convoy also delivered 137 vehicles, tents, aviation fuel, ammunition, rations and engineering equipment to Guadalcanal. These new soldiers enabled Vandegrift, beginning on 19 September, to establish an unbroken defence around the Lunga perimeter. While protecting this convoy the aircraft carrier was sunk by the Japanese submarine southeast of Guadalcanal. For a while, this left only one Allied aircraft carrier () in the South Pacific area.

Vandegrift also removed several officers who did not meet his standards and promoted junior officers who had done well in the battles. Colonel Merritt Edson who was given command of the 5th Marine Regiment.

The air war over Guadalcanal stopped for a while. There were no Japanese air raids between 14 and 27 September due to bad weather. Both sides reinforced their air units during this time. The Japanese delivered 85 fighters and bombers to their air units at Rabaul while the U.S. brought 23 fighters and attack aircraft to Henderson Field. On 20 September the Japanese had 117 aircraft at Rabaul while the Allies had 71 aircraft at Henderson Field.

The air war got started again with a Japanese air raid on Guadalcanal on 27 September. U.S. Navy and Marine fighters from Henderson Field flew up to try to stop the air raid.

The Japanese began to prepare for their next attempt to recapture Henderson Field. The 3rd Battalion, 4th (Aoba) Infantry Regiment had landed at Kamimbo Bay on the western end of Guadalcanal on 11 September. The battalion had joined Oka's forces near the Matanikau. Deliveries by destroyers on 14, 20, 21 and 24 September brought food and ammunition as well as 280 men from the 1st Battalion, Aoba Regiment, to Kamimbo on Guadalcanal.

The Japanese 2nd and 38th Infantry Divisions were transported from the Dutch East Indies to Rabaul beginning on 13 September. The Japanese planned to transport 17,500 troops from these two divisions to Guadalcanal for the next major attack on the Lunga Perimeter set for 20 October 1942.

Vandegrift was aware that Kawaguchi's troops had retreated to the area west of the Matanikau and that numerous groups of Japanese troops were in the area between the Lunga Perimeter and the Matanikau River. Vandegrift decided to attack the scattered groups of Japanese troops east of the Matanikau.

He also wanted to prevent the main group of Japanese soldiers from strengthening their positions so close to the main Marine defenses at Lunga Point.

The first U.S. Marine attack between 23 and 27 September used soldiers from three U.S. Marine battalions. The attack on Japanese forces west of the Matanikau, was defeated by Kawaguchi's troops under Akinosuke Oka's command. During the fight, three Marine companies were surrounded by Japanese forces and they had many dead and wounded. They escaped with help from the destroyer and landing craft piloted by U.S. Coast Guard personnel.

In the second attack between 6 and 9 October a larger force of Marines crossed the Matanikau River, attacked newly landed Japanese forces from the 2nd Infantry Division under the command of generals Masao Maruyama and Yumio Nasu. The Marines inflicted caused a lot of deaths and wounding for the Japanese 4th Infantry Regiment.

The second attack forced the Japanese to retreat from their positions east of the Matanikau. This caused problems with Japanese plans to do a major attack on the U.S. Lunga defenses.

Between 9 and 11 October the U.S. 1st Battalion 2nd Marines attacked two small Japanese outposts about east of the Lunga perimeter at Gurabusu and Koilotumaria near Aola Bay. The attacks killed 35 Japanese at a cost of 17 Marines and three U.S. Navy personnel.

Throughout the last week of September and the first week of October, Japanese destroyers delivered troops from the Japanese 2nd Infantry Division to Guadalcanal. The Japanese Navy promised to support the Army's attack by delivering troops, equipment, and supplies to the island and doing more air attacks on Henderson Field and sending warships to bomb the airfield.

Millard F. Harmon, commander of United States Army forces in the South Pacific, thought that U.S. Marine forces on Guadalcanal needed new soldiers if the Allies were to defend the island from the next Japanese attack. On 8 October, the 2,837 men of the 164th Infantry Regiment from the U.S. Army's Americal Division boarded ships to Guadalcanal. To protect the transports carrying the 164th to Guadalcanal, Task Force 64 was told to go with the transports. This task force consisted of four cruisers and five destroyers under U.S. Rear Admiral Norman Scott.

They were told to attack any Japanese ships that approached Guadalcanal.

Mikawa's 8th Fleet staff scheduled a large and important destroyer delivery for the night of 11 October. Two seaplane tenders and six destroyers were to deliver 728 soldiers plus artillery and ammunition to Guadalcanal. At the same time, three heavy cruisers and two destroyers under the command of Rear Admiral Aritomo Gotō were to bomb Henderson Field to destroy the CAF and the airfield.

Because U.S. Navy warships had never tried to stop any Tokyo Express missions to Guadalcanal, the Japanese were not expecting any opposition from Allied naval ships that night.

Just before midnight, Scott's warships detected Gotō's force on radar near Guadalcanal. Scott's force was in a position to fire on Gotō's ships. Opening fire, Scott's warships sank one of Gotō's cruisers and one of his destroyers, heavily damaged another cruiser, seriously wounded Gotō, and forced the rest of Gotō's warships to abandon the bombing mission and retreat.

One of Scott's destroyers was sunk and one cruiser and another destroyer were heavily damaged. The Japanese supply convoy unloaded at Guadalcanal and began its return journey without being discovered by Scott's force. Later on the morning of 12 October, four Japanese destroyers from the supply convoy turned back to help Gotō's damaged warships.

Air attacks by CAF aircraft from Henderson Field sank two of these destroyers later that day. The convoy of U.S. Army troops reached Guadalcanal as scheduled the next day and delivered its cargo and passengers to the island.
Even after the U.S. victory off Cape Esperance, the Japanese continued with plans for a large attack later in October. The Japanese decided to risk not using fast warships to deliver their men and supplies to the island.

On 13 October, a convoy of six cargo ships with eight destroyers left the Shortland Islands for Guadalcanal. The convoy carried 4,500 troops from the 16th and 230th Infantry Regiments, some naval marines, two batteries of heavy artillery, and one company of tanks.

To protect the approaching convoy from attack by CAF aircraft, Yamamoto sent two battleships from Truk to bombard Henderson Field. At 01:33 on 14 October, and , protected by one light cruiser and nine destroyers, reached Guadalcanal and fired at Henderson Field from a distance of . Over the next one hour and 23 minutes, the two battleships fired 973 shells into the Lunga perimeter, most of them falling in the area of the airfield. Many of the shells were fragmentation shells, designed to destroy land targets. The bombing heavily damaged both runways, burned almost all of the available airplane fuel, destroyed 48 of the CAF's 90 aircraft, and killed 41 men, including six CAF pilots. The battleship force then returned to Truk.

In spite of the heavy damage, Henderson soldiers were able to fix one of the runways within a few hours. Seventeen SBDs and 20 Wildcats at Espiritu Santo were flown to Henderson and U.S. Army and Marine transport aircraft began to transport airplane gasoline to Guadalcanal.

Now that the US was aware of the approach of the large Japanese convoy, the US tried to think of a way to attack the convoy before it could reach Guadalcanal. Using fuel drained from destroyed aircraft and from a hidden fuel tank in the jungle, the CAF attacked the convoy twice on the 14th, but caused no damage.

The Japanese convoy reached Guadalcanal at midnight on 14 October and began unloading. Throughout the day of 15 October, CAF aircraft from Henderson bombed and machine-gunned the unloading convoy, destroying three of the cargo ships. The remainder of the convoy departed that night, having unloaded all of the troops and about two-thirds of the supplies and equipment.

Several Japanese heavy cruisers also bombed Henderson on the nights of 14 and 15 October, destroying a few additional CAF aircraft, but not damaging the airfield.

Between 1 and 17 October, the Japanese delivered 15,000 troops to Guadalcanal, giving Hyakutake 20,000 troops for his planned attack. Because they had lost their positions on the east side of the Matanikau, the Japanese decided that an attack on the U.S. defenses along the coast would be too hard. Hyakutake decided to attack from south of Henderson Field.

His 2nd Division (with troops from the 38th Division), under Lieutenant General Masao Maruyama and 7,000 soldiers in three infantry regiments was ordered to attack the American defences from the south near the east bank of the Lunga River.

The date of the attack was set for 22 October, then changed to 23 October. To try and trick the Americans from knowing about the planned attack from the south, Hyakutake's heavy artillery plus five battalions of infantry (about 2,900 men) under Major General Tadashi Sumiyoshi attacked the American defenses from the west.

The Japanese thought that there were 10,000 American troops on the island, when in there were really 23,000.
On 12 October, a group of Japanese engineers began to cut a trail, called the "Maruyama Road", from the Matanikau towards the southern portion of the U.S. Lunga perimeter. The long trail went across rivers and streams, deep ravines, steep ridges, and thick jungle. 
Between 16 and 18 October, the 2nd Division began their march along the Maruyama Road.

By 23 October, Maruyama's forces were finding it hard to get through the jungle to reach the American forces. Hyakutake delayed the attack to 19:00 on 24 October. The Americans did not know that Maruyama's forces were on their way.

Sumiyoshi was told by Hyakutake's staff of the delay of the attack to 24 October. However, he was unable to contact his troops to tell them of the delay. Thus, at dusk on 23 October, two battalions of the 4th Infantry Regiment and the nine tanks of the 1st Independent Tank Company attacked on the U.S. Marine defenses at the mouth of the Matanikau.

U.S. Marine artillery, cannon, and rifle fire defeated the attacks, destroying all the tanks and killing many of the Japanese soldiers. Only a small number of Marines were killed or wounded.

Finally, late on 24 October Maruyama's forces reached the U.S. Lunga perimeter. Over two nights Maruyama's troops attacked positions defended by troops of the 1st Battalion, 7th Marines under Lieutenant Colonel Chesty Puller and the U.S. Army's 3rd Battalion, 164th Infantry Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Robert Hall.

U.S. Marine and Army units armed with rifles, machine guns, mortars, and fire from 37 mm anti-tank guns did terrible damage to the Japanese. A few small groups of Japanese that broke through the American defenses, were all killed over the next several days.

More than 1,500 of Maruyama's troops were killed in the attacks while the Americans lost about 60 killed. Over the same two days American aircraft from Henderson Field destroying 14 Japanese aircraft and sunk a light cruiser.

Further Japanese attacks near the Matanikau on 26 October were also defeated with heavy losses for the Japanese. As a result, by 08:00 on 26 October, Hyakutake stopped the attacks and ordered his forces to retreat. About half of Maruyama's survivors were ordered to retreat back to the Matanikau Valley. The 230th Infantry Regiment under Colonel Toshinari Shōji was told to go to Koli Point, east of the Lunga perimeter.

Soldiers from the 2nd Division reached the 17th Army headquarters area at Kokumbona, west of the Matanikau on 4 November. Shoji's unit reached Koli Point and made a camp. The 2nd Division had many battle deaths, combat injuries, malnutrition, and tropical diseases. It was too weak to do any more attacks. It fought as a defensive force along the coast for the rest of the battle.

The Japanese lost 2,200 – 3,000 troops in the battle while the Americans lost around 80 killed.

At the same time that Hyakutake's troops were attacking the Lunga perimeter, Japanese aircraft carriers and other large warships led by Isoroku Yamamoto moved near the southern Solomon Islands. From this location, the Japanese naval forces hoped to defeat any Allied (primarily U.S.) naval forces, especially carrier forces. Allied naval carrier forces in the area, now under the command of William Halsey, Jr., also hoped to meet the Japanese naval forces in battle.

Nimitz had replaced Ghormley with Halsey on 18 October after deciding that Ghormley had become too negative to lead Allied forces in the South Pacific area.

The two opposing carrier forces battled each other on the morning of 26 October, in what became known as the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands. Each side sent carrier air attacks. Allied ships had to retreat from the battle after one carrier was sunk () and another () heavily damaged. The Japanese carrier forces, however, also pulled back because of high aircraft and aircrew losses and major damage to two carriers.

The Japanese were the winners in terms of ships sunk and damaged. However, the loss by the Japanese of many experienced aircrews helped the Allies, who did not lose many aircrew. The Japanese carriers did not have any more important roles in the battle.

To strengthen his victory in the Battle for Henderson Field, Vandegrift sent six Marine battalions, later joined by one U.S. Army battalion, on an attack west of the Matanikau. The attack was commanded by Merritt Edson and its goal was to capture Kokumbona, headquarters of the 17th Army, west of Point Cruz.

Defending the Point Cruz area were Japanese army troops from the 4th Infantry Regiment commanded by Nomasu Nakaguma. The 4th Infantry was in poor condition because of battle deaths and injuries, tropical disease, and malnutrition.

The American attack began on 1 November. It destroyed Japanese forces defending the Point Cruz area by 3 November. The Americans seemed to be close to capturing Kokumbona. Then American forces found newly landed Japanese troops near Koli Point on the eastern side of the Lunga perimeter.

To deal with these newly landed Japanese troops, Vandegrift stopped the Matanikau attack on 4 November. The Americans had 71 deaths and the Japanese around 400 killed.

At Koli Point early in the morning 3 November, five Japanese destroyers delivered 300 army troops. They were sent to help Shōji and his troops who were going to Koli Point after the Battle for Henderson Field.

When Vandegrift found out about the Japanese landing, he sent a battalion of Marines under Herman H. Hanneken to attack the Japanese at Koli. Soon after landing, the Japanese soldiers pushed Hanneken's battalion back towards the Lunga perimeter.

In response, Vandegrift ordered Puller's Marine battalion plus two of the 164th infantry battalions, along with Hanneken's battalion, to attack the Japanese forces there.

As the American troops began to move, Shōji and his soldiers began to arrive at Koli Point. Beginning on 8 November, the American troops tried to surround Shōji's forces at Gavaga Creek near Koli Point.

Hyakutake ordered Shōji to leave his positions at Koli and rejoin Japanese forces at Kokumbona in the Matanikau area. Between 9 and 11 November, Shōji and between 2,000 and 3,000 of his men escaped into the jungle to the south. On 12 November, the Americans killed all the remaining Japanese soldiers. The Americans counted the bodies of 450–475 Japanese dead in the Koli Point area and captured most of Shōji's heavy weapons and supplies. The American forces had 40 killed and 120 wounded in the attack.

On 4 November, two companies from the 2nd Marine Raider Battalion, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Evans Carlson landed by boat at Aola Bay, east of Lunga Point. Carlson's raiders, along with troops from the U.S. Army's 147th Infantry Regiment, were told to protect 500 Seabees as they constructed an airfield at that location. Halsey had agreed with the plan to build an airfield at Aola Bay.

The Aola airfield construction was stopped at the end of November because the land was not good for building an airfield.

On 5 November, Vandegrift ordered Carlson to attack any of Shōji's forces that had escaped from Koli Point. Carlson and his troops did a 29-day patrol from Aola to the Lunga perimeter. During the patrol, Carlson's soldierz fought several battles with Shōji's retreating forces, killing almost 500 of them, while having 16 killed themselves.

In addition to the deaths from attacks by Carlson's raiders, tropical diseases and a lack of food caused more of Shōji's men to die. By the time Shōji's forces reached the Lunga River in mid-November, about halfway to the Matanikau, only 1,300 men remained. When Shōji reached the 17th Army positions west of the Matanikau, only 700 to 800 survivors were still with him. Most of the survivors from Shōji's force joined other Japanese units defending the Mount Austen and upper Matanikau River area.

Japanese destroyer trips on 5, 7 and 9 November, delivered additional troops from the Japanese 38th Infantry Division, including most of the 228th Infantry Regiment to Guadalcanal. These fresh troops were put in the Point Cruz and Matanikau area, and they stopped attacks by American forces on 10 and 18 November. The Americans and Japanese remained facing each other along a line west of Point Cruz for the next six weeks.

After the defeat in the Battle for Henderson Field, the IJA planned to try again to capture the airfield in November 1942. They needed new soldiers before the attack could start. The IJA requested help from Yamamoto to deliver the new troops to the island and to support the next attack.

Yamamoto provided 11 large transport ships to carry the remaining 7,000 troops from the 38th Infantry Division, their ammunition, food, and heavy equipment from Rabaul to Guadalcanal. He also provided a warship force that included two battleships. The two battleships, and , with special fragmentation shells, were to bomb Henderson Field on the night of 12–13 November and destroy it and the aircraft stationed there. This would allow the slow, heavy transports to reach Guadalcanal and unload safely the next day. The warship force was commanded from "Hiei" by recently promoted Vice Admiral Hiroaki Abe.

In early November, Allied forces learned that the Japanese were preparing again to try to capture Henderson Field. Therefore, the U.S. sent Task Force 67, a convoy carrying Marines, two U.S. Army infantry battalions, and ammunition and food to Guadalcanal on 11 November. The supply ships were protected by two task groups, commanded by Rear Admirals Daniel J. Callaghan and Norman Scott, and aircraft from Henderson Field. The ships were attacked several times on 11 and 12 November by Japanese aircraft but most were unloaded without serious damage.

U.S. aircraft spotted the approach of Abe's bombing force and warned the Allied command. Turner sent all usable combat ships under Callaghan to protect the troops ashore from the expected Japanese naval attack and troop landing. He also ordered the supply ships at Guadalcanal to leave by early evening 12 November. Callaghan's force comprised two heavy cruisers, three light cruisers, and eight destroyers.

Around 01:30 on 13 November, Callaghan's force met Abe's bombing group between Guadalcanal and Savo Island. In addition to the two battleships, Abe's force included one light cruiser and 11 destroyers. In darkness, the two warship forces opened fire. Abe's warships sank or severely damaged all but one cruiser and one destroyer in Callaghan's force and both Callaghan and Scott were killed.

Two Japanese destroyers were sunk and another destroyer and "Hiei" was heavily damaged. In spite of his defeat of Callaghan's force, Abe ordered his warships to pull back without bombing Henderson Field. "Hiei" sank later that day after air attacks by CAF aircraft and aircraft from the U.S. carrier . Because of Abe's failure to destroyHenderson Field, Yamamoto ordered the troop transport convoy to wait an additional day before heading towards Guadalcanal.

Yamamoto ordered Nobutake Kondō to assemble another bombing force using warships from Truk and Abe's force to attack Henderson Field on 15 November.

At 02:00 on 14 November, a cruiser and destroyer force under Gunichi Mikawa bombed Henderson Field. The bombing caused some damage but failed to destroy airfield or most of its aircraft. As Mikawa's force went back to Rabaul, Tanaka's transport convoy, thinking that Henderson Field was now destroyed began its trip towards Guadalcanal.

Throughout 14 November, aircraft from Henderson Field and "Enterprise" attacked Mikawa's and Tanaka's ships, sinking one heavy cruiser and seven of the transports. Most of the troops were rescued from the transports by Tanaka's escorting destroyers and returned to the Shortlands. After dark, Tanaka and the remaining four transports continued towards Guadalcanal as Kondo's force approached to bomb Henderson Field.

In order to attack Kondo's force, Halsey, who was low on undamaged ships, sent two battleships, and , and four destroyers from the "Enterprise" task force. The U.S. force, under the command of Willis A. Lee aboard "Washington", reached Guadalcanal and Savo Island just before midnight on 14 November, shortly before Kondo's bombing force arrived.

Kondo's force consisted of "Kirishima" plus two heavy cruisers, two light cruisers, and nine destroyers. After the two forces met, Kondo's force quickly sank three of the U.S. destroyers and heavily damaged the fourth. The Japanese warships then damaged "South Dakota". As Kondo's warships concentrated on "South Dakota", "Washington" approached the Japanese ships and opened fire on "Kirishima", hitting the Japanese battleship and causing serious damage. After chasing "Washington" towards the Russell Islands, Kondo ordered his warships to pull back without bombing Henderson Field. One of Kondo's destroyers was also sunk during the battle.

As Kondo's ships pulled back, the four Japanese transports landed near Tassafaronga on Guadalcanal at 04:00 and began unloading. At 05:55, U.S. aircraft and artillery began attacking the transports, destroying all four transports along with most of the supplies that they carried.

Only 2,000–3,000 of the army troops made it ashore. Because of the failure to deliver most of the troops and supplies, the Japanese were forced to cancel their planned November attack on Henderson Field.

On 26 November, Japanese Lieutenant General Hitoshi Imamura took command of the newly formed Eighth Area Army at Rabaul. The new command included both Hyakutake's 17th Army and the 18th Army in New Guinea.

One of Imamura's first goals was to retake Henderson Field and Guadalcanal. The Allied offensive at Buna in New Guinea, however, changed Imamura's goals.

Because the Allied attempt to take Buna was considered a more severe threat to Rabaul, Imamura delayed sending new troops to Guadalcanal to concentrate on the situation in New Guinea.

The Japanese continued to have problems in delivering enough supplies to their troops on Guadalcanal. Attempts to use only submarines the last two weeks in November did not provide enough food for Hyakutake's forces.

A separate attempt to establish bases in the central Solomons to use to send barge convoys to Guadalcanal also failed because of Allied air attacks. On 26 November, the 17th Army told Imamura that it lacked food. Some front-line units had not been supplied for six days . This forced the Japanese to return to using destroyers to deliver the necessary supplies.

Eighth Fleet sailors thought of a plan to help reduce the time that destroyers delivering supplies to Guadalcanal were exposed to Allied attack. Large oil or gas drums filled with medical supplies and food and strung together with rope. When the destroyers arrived at Guadalcanal they would cut loose the drums and a boat from shore could pick up the rope.

The Eighth Fleet's Guadalcanal Reinforcement Unit (the Tokyo Express) was told to make five deliveries to Tassafaronga on Guadalcanal using the drum method on the night of 30 November. Tanaka's unit had eight destroyers, with six destroyers carrying 200 to 240 drums of supplies each.

When Halsey learned about the Japanese supply attempt, he ordered the newly formed Task Force 67, which had four cruisers and four destroyers under the command of U.S. Rear Admiral Carleton H. Wright, to attack Tanaka's force off Guadalcanal. Two additional destroyers joined Wright's force during the day of 30 November.

At 22:40 on 30 November, Tanaka's force arrived off Guadalcanal and prepared to unload the supply barrels. Meanwhile, Wright's warships were approaching from the opposite direction. Wright's destroyers detected Tanaka's force on radar and the commander requested permission to attack with torpedoes. Wright waited four minutes before giving permission.

This allowed Tanaka's force to escape from being torpedoed. All of the American torpedoes missed their targets. At the same time, Wright's cruisers opened fire, hitting and destroying one of the Japanese destroyers. The rest of Tanaka's warships abandoned the supply mission, turned, and launched 44 torpedoes in the direction of Wright's cruisers.

The Japanese torpedoes hit and sank the U.S. cruiser and heavily damaged the cruisers , , and . The rest of Tanaka's destroyers escaped without damage, but failed to deliver any of the supplies to Guadalcanal.

By 7 December 1942, Hyakutake's forces were losing about 50 men each day from malnutrition, disease, and Allied ground or air attacks. Further attempts by Tanaka's destroyer forces to deliver supplies on 3 December 7 December, and 11 December, did not solve the supply problem. One of Tanaka's destroyers was sunk by a U.S. PT boat torpedo.

On 12 December, the Japanese Navy thought about abandoning Guadalcanal. At the same time, several army staff officers at the Imperial General Headquarters (IGH) said retaking Guadalcanal would be impossible. A group led by IJA Colonel Joichiro Sanada, chief of the IGH's operations section, visited Rabaul on 19 December and talked to Imamura and his staff.

When this group returned to Tokyo, Sanada recommended that Guadalcanal be abandoned. The IGH's top leaders agreed with Sanada's recommendation on 26 December. They ordered their staff to plan for a withdrawal from Guadalcanal. A new defense line would be set up in the central Solomons, and soldiers and weapons could be sent to the campaign in New Guinea.

On 28 December, General Hajime Sugiyama and Admiral Osami Nagano told Emperor Hirohito of the decision to withdraw from Guadalcanal. On 31 December, the Emperor agreed with the decision. The Japanese secretly began to prepare for the evacuation, called Operation Ke, scheduled to begin during January 1943.

By December, the tired 1st Marine Division was brought back for a rest, and over the next month the U.S. XIV Corps took over operations on the island. This corps consisted of the 2nd Marine Division and the U.S. Army's 25th Infantry and Americal Divisions. U.S. Army Major General Alexander Patch replaced Vandegrift as commander of Allied forces on Guadalcanal. By January this was over 50,000 men.

On 18 December, Allied (mainly U.S. Army) forces began attacking Japanese soldiers on Mount Austen. A strong Japanese fort, called the Gifu, made the attacks hard and the Americans had to stop their attacks on 4 January.

The Allies attacking the Japanese on 10 January on Mount Austen. They also attacked two nearby ridges called the Seahorse and the Galloping Horse. The Allies captured all three by 23 January. At the same time, U.S. Marines advanced along the north coast of the island. The Americans lost about 250 killed in the operation while the Japanese suffered around 3,000 killed–about 12 to 1 in the Americans' favor.

On 14 January, destroyers delivered troops to guard the "Ke" evacuation. Japanese warships and aircraft moved around the Rabaul and Bougainville areas in preparation to withdraw their troops. Allied forces detected the Japanese movements, but thought they were another attempt to retake Henderson Field and Guadalcanal.

Patch, afraid of another Japanese attack, sent only a small portion of his troops to continue an attack against Hyakutake's forces. On 29 January, Halsey sent a resupply convoy to Guadalcanal protected by a cruiser task force. Sighting the cruiser task force, Japanese naval torpedo bombers attacked the task force and heavily damaged the U.S. cruiser . The next day, more torpedo aircraft attacked and sank "Chicago".

Halsey ordered the remainder of the task force to return to base and directed the rest of his naval forces to take station in the Coral Sea, south of Guadalcanal, to be ready to respond to a Japanese attack.

The Japanese 17th Army withdrew to the west coast of Guadalcanal while rear guard groups stopped the American attacks. On the night of February 1, 20 destroyers from Mikawa's 8th Fleet under Shintaro Hashimoto removed 4,935 soldiers, mainly from the 38th Division, from the island. The Japanese and the Americans each lost a destroyer from air and naval attacks.

On the nights of 4 and 7 February, Hashimoto and his destroyers completed the removal of most of the remaining Japanese forces from Guadalcanal. Apart from some air attacks, Allied forces did not try to stop Hashimoto's efforts to withdraw his troops. In total, the Japanese removed 10,652 men from Guadalcanal. On 9 February, Patch realized that the Japanese were gone and declared Guadalcanal secure for Allied forces, ending the battle.

After the Japanese withdrawal, Guadalcanal and Tulagi were developed into major bases. These bases supported the Allied advance further up the Solomon Islands chain. In addition to Henderson Field, two additional fighter runways were constructed at Lunga Point and a bomber airfield was built at Koli Point.

Naval ports were built at Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Florida. The anchorage around Tulagi became an important base for Allied warships and transport ships supporting the Solomon Islands campaign. Major ground units stayed in camps on Guadalcanal before being sent further up the Solomons.

After Guadalcanal the Japanese were having to defend themselves in the Pacific. The efforts to send new troops to Guadalcanal had weakened Japanese efforts in other areas. This helped the Australian and American attack in New Guinea to be successful. This led to the capture of the bases of Buna and Gona in early 1943.

In June, the Allies launched Operation Cartwheel, which aimed to cut off Rabaul and the forces centered there. This helped the South West Pacific campaign under General Douglas MacArthur. It also helped the Central Pacific island hopping campaign under Admiral Chester Nimitz. Both efforts got the Allies closer to Japan. The remaining Japanese defenses in the South Pacific area were destroyed or bypassed by Allied forces.

The Battle of Guadalcanal was one of the first long battles in the Pacific, alongside the Solomon Islands campaign. Both battles were very hard to organize for both of the nations involved. For the U.S., it had to learn how to do combat air transport. A failure to achieve air superiority forced Japan to get new troops in by barges, destroyers, and submarines, which did not work that well.

Early in the battle, the Americans lacked resources, as they lost cruisers and carriers. It took months for replacement ships to be finished.

The U.S. Navy suffered such high losses during the campaign that it refused to release total casualty figures for years. However, as the campaign continued, and the American public became more and more aware of the heroism of the American forces on Guadalcanal, more forces were sent to the area.

This was a problem for Japan as its military-industrial complex was unable to produce as much as the Americans. Thus, as the battles continued, the Japanese were losing equipment they could not replace while the Americans were replacing and even adding to their forces.

The Guadalcanal battles made Japan lose a lot of equipment and soldiers. About 25,000 experienced troops were killed during the battles. These losses meant that Japan could not achieve its goals in the New Guinea campaign. Japan also lost control of the southern Solomons and the ability to stop Allied shipping to Australia.

Japan's major base at Rabaul was threatened by Allied air power. Japanese land, air, and naval forces had been lost. The Japanese could not replace the aircraft and ships destroyed and sunk in these battles. Nor could they replace their highly trained and veteran crews, especially the naval aircrews, nearly as quickly as the Allies.

After the victory at the Battle of Midway America was able to have naval strength in the Pacific equal to Japan's. It was only after the Allied victories in Guadalcanal and New Guinea that the Japanese attacks ended. The Guadalcanal Campaign ended all Japanese expansion attempts and placed the Allies in a position of power. This Allied victory was the first step in a winning other battles that eventually led to the surrender of Japan and the occupation of the Japanese home islands.

The "Europe first" policy of the United States had at first meant they only defended against Japanese expansion, to focus resources on defeating Germany. However, Admiral King's argument for the Guadalcanal invasion, convinced President Franklin D. Roosevelt that the Pacific War could be won as well. By the end of 1942, it was clear that Japan had lost the Guadalcanal campaign. This was very bad for Japan's plans for defending their empire.

The military victory for the Allies was important. The psychological victory was also important. The Allies had beaten Japan's best land, air, and warship forces. After Guadalcanal, Allied personnel regarded the Japanese military with much less fear than previously. In addition, the Allies began to think they could win the Pacific War.

Beyond Kawaguchi, several Japanese 
political and military leaders, including Naoki Hoshino, Osami Nagano, and Torashirō Kawabe, stated after the war that Guadalcanal was the turning point in the conflict.

Desmond Tutu

Archbishop Desmond Mpilo Tutu (7 October 1931 – 26 December 2021) was a South African social rights activist. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 for his work fighting apartheid in South Africa. He was the first Anglican bishop in Cape Town. He chaired the Truth and Reconciliation Commission during the 1990s which helped victims of apartheid speak out and seem justice.

Tutu was born in Klerksdorp, Transvaal. When Tutu was twelve he moved with his family to Johannesburg. Tutu wanted to become a doctor. His family could not afford to send him to medical school, so Tutu studied at the Pretoria Bantu Normal College to become a teacher. He taught at Johannesburg Bantu High School and at Munsienville High School in Mogale City.

Tutu married Nomalizo Lea Shenxane on 2 July 1955. In 1975 he moved into what is now known as Tutu House in Soweto.

Desmond Tutu turned 90 in October 2021. He died at a medical center in Cape Town, South Africa on 26 December 2021, aged 90. He was being treated for prostate cancer at the time of his death.

Happy Tree Friends

Happy Tree Friends is an American adult animated web series. It had achieved a cult following on YouTube. Montijo, Navarro, Graff, Ankrum also serve as the as showrunners.

Despite the childlike art style of the series and having a colorful cast of characters, the show would often have the animals go through very violent situations, complete with detailed gore. These twists happen during each episode, which was met with surprised and positive reactions and reviews. The portrayal of death in "Happy Tree Friends" is usually very extreme and anatomically correct, the special effects are oftem more vivid and of exaggerated detail.

The official music videos are comparable to that of "Nirvana" (the short cartoon featured on their song "Smells Like Teen Spirit"), Soundgarden, Alice in Chains and Pearl Jam. The series is also referenced in the music video "Carpal Tunnel of Love" by rock band Fall Out Boy, in which the members are designed like the animal characters by the webseries' staff. The band members end up dying in the music video by a tow cable.

The program has little to no speech. When the characters do speak, their words are severely garbled. It is easy to tell what each character's reaction is, but their words are very hard to understand. According to its website, the idea for "Happy Tree Friends" was created by Rhode Montijo when he drew a yellow volkswagen rabbit, that may have evolved into the character of Cuddles, on a piece of paper and wrote "Resistance Is Futile" underneath it. 

A "Happy Tree Friends" spin-off called "Ka-Pow!" premiered on September 2, 2008. One of the characters was also featured in a video titled "YouTube Copyright School", which curiously enough is not intended to be as twisted and gory.



Brée

Brée is a commune of 459 people (as of 1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


La Brûlatte

La Brûlatte is a commune of 607 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Buret

Le Buret is a commune of 255 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Carelles

Carelles is a commune of 324 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

At the time of writing, it has a church, a school, a bar/ restaurant and a village shop. The band (amalgamated with those of Levare and Montaidin) is a strong presence in the village and there is a local drama group which plays to villages round about during the early part of the year. The annual Fete is held on the first Sunday in July and Is not to be missed.

There is a thriving and well integrated English community established over twenty years.

Chailland

Chailland is a commune of 1136 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chailland is also a very common last name of a family living in the United States mostly located in southeast Missouri and Southern FL.

Châlons-du-Maine

Châlons-du-Maine is a commune of 572 people (). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chammes

Chammes is a former commune of 328 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sainte-Suzanne-et-Chammes.

Champéon

Champéon is a commune of 512 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Champfrémont

Champfrémont is a commune of 248 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Champgenéteux

Champgenéteux is a commune of 554 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Changé, Mayenne

Changé is a commune of 5261 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chantrigné

Chantrigné is a commune of 588 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Chapelle-Anthenaise

La Chapelle-Anthenaise is a commune of 865 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Latency

In engineering, latency is the name for the time period that needs to be waited to see a result.

La Chapelle-au-Riboul

La Chapelle-au-Riboul is a commune of 448 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Galois field

In abstract algebra, a finite field or Galois field is a field that contains only finitely many elements. Finite fields are important in number theory, algebraic geometry, Galois theory, cryptography, and coding theory. The finite fields are completely known. Finite fields were named Galois Fields to honor Évariste Galois.

Appliance

An appliance is a machine that only has limited functionality. A prosthesis is an example. Many appliances need electricity to work.

Mayenne

La Mayenne is a department the northwest of France. It was named after the river "la Mayenne" and its number is 53. It is in the region Pays de la Loire. Its population is 285,338 (1999) and its land area is 5,175 km². The population density is 55/km². It has 261 communes, its prefecture is Laval ans its subprefectures are Mayenne and Château-Gontier. The inhabitants are called the "Mayennais".

Forward error correction

In telecommunications Forward error correction (FEC) is a special code for error detection and correction. The sender adds parts of the data again. This is called redundancy. The receiver is then able to detect certain errors that came from sending data. In certain cases, the receiver can correct the error, without the need for a retransmission.

FEC adds redundancy to the transmitted information with a known algorithm. Each redundant bit is a function of many original information bits. The original information may or may not appear in the encoded output; codes that include the unmodified input in the output are systematic, while those that do not are nonsystematic.

An extremely simple example would be an analog to digital converter that samples three bits of signal strength data for every bit of transmitted data. If the three samples are mostly all zero, the transmitted bit was probably a zero, and if three samples are mostly all one, the transmitted bit was probably a one. The simplest example of error correction is for the receiver to assume the correct output is given by the most frequently occurring value in each group of three.
This allows an error in any one of the three samples to be corrected by "democratic voting", but is a very inefficient FEC. But in practice would not work very well, but it does illustrate the principle. In practice, FEC codes typically examine the last several dozen, or even the last several hundred, previously received bits to determine how to decode the current small handful of bits (typically in groups of 2 to 8 bits).

Such triple modular redundancy, the simplest form of forward error correction, is widely used.

Mayenne (river)

"For other uses, see" Mayenne (disambiguation)
La Mayenne is a river in the northwest of France. Its source in the Orne, about 15 km west of Alençon. It joins the Sarthe and Loire River north of Angers to form the Maine.

It is 200 km long and its surface area is about 5 820 km². It has an average discharge of 50 m³/s.

Mayenne (disambiguation)

Mayenne can refer to:

Error detection and correction

Error detection and correction is about methods to make sure that information or data is not corrupted, and still makes sense. The techniques help reliable delivery of digital data over unreliable communication channels.

There are different ways to make sure an error can be detected. This is done by adding more data or information to the data transmitted. Adding more data than needed is called redundancy.


There are two main ways to correct an error:


Mayenne (town)

"For other uses, see" Mayenne (disambiguation)

Mayenne is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France. It is twinned with:

Antecedent

In grammar, an antecedent is a word or phrase that is repeated by another word or phrase. An antecedent is most often used with relative pronouns, words like "what", "that", and "who". The pronoun usually begins the relative clause and the antecedent is in the main clause. 

"I want a book that I can read".

In the example, the relative pronoun 'that' refers back to the antecedent, the word 'book'. , the main clause is "I want a book" and the relative clause is "that I can read". 

Some more examples: 
The relative pronouns are: , , , , .

Ark-La-Tex

The Ark-La-Tex, Arklatex, or ArkLaTex is a U.S. socio-economic region where Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma intersect.

cities it reach 2,500 people:

Broadway theatre

Broadway theatre means the theatrical performances in the 41 professional theatres, each with 500 or more seats, in the Theater District and Lincoln Center along Broadway, in Midtown Manhattan, New York City in the United States. 

Broadway and London's West End together represent the highest commercial level of live theater in the English-speaking world.

Central Oklahoma

Central Oklahoma is the geographical name for the central region of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is also known by the Oklahoma Department of Tourism designation, Frontier Country.

Cross Timbers makes up most of Central Oklahoma.

Cherokee Outlet

The Cherokee Outlet, more often referred to as the Cherokee Strip, was located in what is now the state of Oklahoma, in the United States. It was a sixty-mile (97 km) wide strip of land south of the Oklahoma-Kansas border between the 96th and 100th meridians.

Cross Timbers

The Cross Timbers is a semi-savanna on the southern Great Plains running from southeastern Kansas, across central Oklahoma, into central Texas. 

Four State Area

The Four State Area is a term used to describe the four corner region of Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma with the Joplin, Missouri and Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers, Arkansas metropolitan areas included within.

Flint Hills

The Flint Hills, historically known as Bluestem Pastures, are a band of hills in eastern Kansas stretching into north-central Oklahoma. 

Green Country

Green Country is a heavily-wooded area in northeast Oklahoma. It has many rolling hills and mountains and a lot of plants. This is different from western and central Oklahoma, which are more like the rest of the Great Plains region of the United States.

Kiamichi Country

Southeastern Oklahoma, also known by its official tourism name, Kiamichi Country, covers the southeastern quarter of the state of Oklahoma.

Northwestern Oklahoma

Northwestern Oklahoma is the geographical region of the state of Oklahoma which includes the Oklahoma Panhandle, stretching to an eastern extent along Interstate 35, and its southern extent along the Canadian River to Noble County.

Ozarks

The Ozarks, also called the Ozark Mountains and Ozark Plateau, are a physiographic, geologic, and cultural highland region of the central United States. It covers much of the south half of Missouri and a large portion of northwest and North central Arkansas. The region also goes westward into northeast Oklahoma and extreme southeast Kansas. The name Ozarks comes from the French "Aux Arcs". The name means "with bows" and was given by an early French explorer to the Bow Indians (Quapaw). They were native to the area that later became Arkansas.

Oklahoma Panhandle

The Oklahoma Panhandle is the far west part of the state of Oklahoma. It includes Cimarron County, Texas County, and Beaver County. Its name comes from the shape that looks like the handle of a cooking pan.

South Central Oklahoma

South Central Oklahoma, or Arbuckle Country, as officially defined by the Oklahoma Department of Tourism, is an 10-county region in the state of Oklahoma. It is centered around the Arbuckle Mountains.

Southwestern Oklahoma

Southwest Oklahoma is a geographical name for the southwest portion of the state of Oklahoma, largely flat and dry, southwest Oklahoma is typical of the Great Plains region of the United States.

Oklahoma! (musical)

Oklahoma! is a musical. The music was composed by Richard Rodgers. The lyrics were written by Oscar Hammerstein. It world-premiered on Broadway on 31 March 1943. The musical was based on "Green Grow the Lilacs", a 1931 play by Lynn Riggs.

The story is set in Oklahoma Territory outside the town of Claremore in 1906. The cowboy Curly McLain is in love with farm girl Laurey Williams. Jud Fry, a farm hand, is also in love with Laurey. The play also includes the story of another cowboy, Will, and his girlfriend, Ado Annie.

"Oklahoma!" was made into a movie in 1955.

A special Pulitzer Prize award was given to Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II for "Oklahoma!" in the category of "Special Awards And Citations - Letters"

Stillwater, Oklahoma

Stillwater is the county seat of Payne County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 48,394 at the 2020 census.

Stillwater is also the home of Oklahoma State University.

Enid, Oklahoma

Enid is the county seat of Garfield County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 51,308 at the 2020 census.

Carlos Valderrama

Carlos Valderrama (born 2 September 1961), also known as ""El Pibe"" ("The Kid"), is a retired Colombian footballer. He played for clubs in Colombia, France, Spain, and the United States. He played for the Colombia national team from 1985 to 1998. 

In 2004, he was included in the FIFA 100. It is a list of "the best 125 living male and female footballers" selected by Pelé. 

77||4
17||1
82||5
175||16
351||26

!Total||111||11

List of cities and towns in Oklahoma

This is a list of cities and towns in Oklahoma.

In Oklahoma, cities are all those incorporated communities which are 1000 or more in population and are incorporated as cities. Towns are limited to town board type of municipal government. Cities may choose among aldermanic, mayoral, council-manager, and home-rule charter types of government. Cities may also petition to incorporate as towns.


Dino Zoff

Dino Zoff (; born 28 February 1942) is a former Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team. He is regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time.

Juventus

Italy

Juventus

Player

Manager



List of governors of Oklahoma

This is a list of the governors of Oklahoma. Oklahoma is a state in the United States. The Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory joined the United States Union as the State of Oklahoma on November 16, 1907.

The table below shows who the state governors have been.

List of notable people from Oklahoma

The following are people who were either born/raised or have lived for a significant period of time in Oklahoma.
















Clovis culture

The Clovis culture was one of the first well documented Native cultures in the Americas. The Clovis people lived in the Americas about 13,000 years ago. They lived there for between 200 and 800 years. Different sources list different lengths of time in that range.

They had a special way of making tools like spear tips and knives from stones. The flint tips are called Clovis points. Artifacts that they made in this way can be found in many places in North America. The Clovis way of making tools only lasted between 500 and 1000 years. After that, other similar ways became more popular. 

They are called "Clovis culture" because archaeologists first found their artifacts at Clovis, New Mexico.

A decline in the availability of megafauna, together with the population becoming less and less mobile, led to local differentiation of lithic and cultural traditions across the Americas. After this time, Clovis-style fluted points were replaced by other fluted-point traditions (such as the Folsom culture).

The Clovis First theory says that the Clovis people crossed the Beringia land bridge over the Bering Strait from Siberia to Alaska during the period of lowered sea levels during the ice age, then made their way towards the south, through an ice-free corridor east of the Rocky Mountains in present-day Western Canada as the glaciers retreated.

"Clovis First" is one of the theories about the Settlement of the Americas. There are other ideas and research that go against "Clovis First".



Archaeological sites that have been shown to be older than the Clovis culture:

Mound builders

Mound Builder is a general term referring to certain cultures of pre-Columbian American Indians. These cultures built various styles of earthen mounds. There were burial, residential and ceremonial purposes. The cultures cover a long period of time. This is from about 3500 BCE to the 16th century CE. This includes the Archaic, Woodland and Mississippian periods. Notable cultures were the Adena, Hopewell, Plaquemine, Fort Ancient, Coles Creek and Mississippian cultures. These groups were around the Great Lakes, the Ohio River Valley, and the Mississippi River.

The mounds were flat structures with layers. They usually were pyramids. Some mounds were like domes. Some mounds were effigy mounds. They had shapes of animals. One famous one is the Serpent Mound in Ohio. The oldest mound is probably the Watson Brake in Louisiana. Usually, elite made workers build the mounds. Some mounds were burial sites for elite people of the tribes. 

There were several records of these mounds. Hernando de Soto was one of the earliest to see and record these mounds. The French artist Jacques le Moyne made paintings of these mounds. All of the mounds today are from the Woodland and Mississippian periods. 

The mounds started to disappear with colonization. Disease decreased the population sizes of American Indians. Mound building ended after the 17th century.


Francisco Vázquez de Coronado

Francisco Vázquez de Coronado y Luján (ca. 1510 – September 22, 1554) was a Spanish conquistador, who visited New Mexico and other parts of what are now the southwestern United States between 1540 and 1542. He died in 1554. He married Beatriz De Estrada, the daughter of a colonial treasurer. He is more commonly known as "Francisco Vásquez de Coronado" or "Francisco Coronado".

Seven Cities of Gold

The Seven Cities of Gold is a legend from the Spanish conquest of South America. It led to several expeditions by adventurers and conquistador during the 16th century. The legend originated in New Spain, about the lost cities of Quivira and Cíbola.

The location of the golden cities appear to have been in the mountains (Cibola) of the Inca. Quivira was the location of the fabulous source of mineral wealth but it was located in Kansas and it was the Flint fire stone (Quay-Vi-ra). Well known to the Indians of North America but not the gold the Spanish lusted for. 
Now famous as the Flint Hills of Kansas. 

Fort Gibson, Oklahoma

Fort Gibson is a town in Cherokee and Muskogee counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The population was 3,814 at the 2020 census. It is the oldest town in Oklahoma, it was established in 1824. It is the location of Fort Gibson National Cemetery. It is near to the end of the Cherokees' Trail of Tears at Tahlequah.

Government of Oklahoma

The government of the US State of Oklahoma, established by the Oklahoma Constitution, is a republican democracy modelled after the Federal government of the United States.

List of counties in Oklahoma

This is a list of the seventy-seven counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Oklahoma is ranked 20th size and 17th in the number of counties.

List of regions of the United States

This is a list of regions of the United States.

Regional divisions used by the United States Census Bureau

Adair County, Oklahoma

Adair County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 19,495 people lived there. Its county seat is Stilwell.

The county was created in 1907.

The county has a total area of 577 square miles.




Alfalfa County, Oklahoma

Alfalfa County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,699 people lived there. Its county seat is Cherokee.

The county has a total area of 881 square miles.





Atoka County, Oklahoma

Atoka County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma, and was formed in 1907 from Choctaw Lands. As of 2020, 14,143 people lived there. Its county seat is Atoka.

The county has a total area of 990 square miles.



Beaver County, Oklahoma

Beaver County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,049 people lived there. Its county seat is Beaver.

The county has a total area of 1,818 square miles. Beaver County is located in the Oklahoma Panhandle.

The area now known as Beaver County was part of Mexico from 1821 until 1836. Before that, it was part of New Spain. As part of the Compromise of 1850, the new state of Texas gave up the Oklahoma Panhandle. Between 1850 and 1890, the area did not belong to any state or territory. In 1886, a group of settlers in the area formed their own government, and named the Oklahoma Panhandle the Cimarron Territory. Many of these settlers were from Beaver City. The territory was never recognized by the United States government. The area was assigned to the new Oklahoma Territory in May 1890. The State of Oklahoma was formed in 1907.



Beckham County, Oklahoma

Beckham County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 22,410 people lived there. Its county seat is Sayre.

The county has a total area of 904 square miles.

Blaine County, Oklahoma

Blaine County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 8,735 people lived there. Its county seat is Watonga.

The county has a total area of 939 square miles.

Bryan County, Oklahoma

Bryan County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. In 2020, about 46,067 people lived there. Its county seat is Durant.

The county has a total area of 943 square miles.

Caddo County, Oklahoma

Caddo County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 26,945 people lived there. Its county seat is Anadarko.

The county has a total area of 1,290 square miles.

Canadian County, Oklahoma

Canadian County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. In 2020, 154,405 people lived there. Its county seat is El Reno.

The county has a total area of 905 square miles.

Carter County, Oklahoma

Carter County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 48,003 people lived there. Its county seat is Ardmore.

The county has a total area of 834 square miles.

Choctaw County, Oklahoma

Choctaw County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 14,204 people lived there. Its county seat is Hugo.

The county has a total area of 801 square miles.

Cleveland County, Oklahoma

Cleveland County is a county in the central part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 295,528 people lived there. Its county seat is Norman.

The county has a total area of 558 square miles.

Coal County, Oklahoma

Coal County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,266 people lived there. Its county seat is Coalgate.

Coal County was made in 1907.

The county has a total area of 521 square miles.

Comanche County, Oklahoma

Comanche County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 121,125 people lived there. Its county seat is Lawton.

The county has a total area of 1,064 square miles.

English Football League

The English Football League (which was the Football League) is a football league in England and Wales. It was created in 1888 and was the top league in England until 1992 when the English Premier League was made. It is now a league for tiers 2-4 of English football.



Alexandra (Lykrophon)

Alexandra is a work by the Greek poet Lykophron, who is only known through this work. It was written between 196 and 190 BC. The work has 1474 lines, which are done in jambic trimeters. This is what most Greek tragedies were written in. 

Paris left for Sparta, to abduct Helena, the wife of Menelaos. This was going to cause the Trojan War. Kassandra is left in the temple, guarded by someone instructed by Priamos, her father. The text is the report this guard gives to Priamos, about what Kassandra had said. 

Kassandra (named ALexandra) first recalls how Herakles destroyed Troy. She then tells about the Trojan War. A large central part is devoted to how the Greek heroes return home. She tells about Odysseus, his travels, and how he went home to his wife Penelope. Penelope later kills him. Kassandra also tells how Aeneas successfully settled in Rome, and how Rome became a big empire. The final part of the poem is devoted to the "eternal war" between Europe and Asia, about the Persian Wars and Alexander the Great. Kassandra says that six generations after him, a relative will win over the Macendonians, which will end the warring. Kassandra's speech ends with resignation, as she cannot stop the events. The guard ends his speech with a blessing for the Trojans.

The dark language of the poem comes from its vocabulary, its use of special, and old forms of words. Of about 3000 words of the poem, 518 words are only known from this poem, 117 occur in this poem for the first time. The main problems with this poem are that the persons are usually not named. Rather they are described with what they did. Geographical places are similarly unnamed, and only described using places in them. Many scholars have tried to identify places and people, in some cases this is no longer possible though. 


Football League Second Division

The Football League Second Division was the former 2nd division of English football. It was the 2nd division from 1892 until 1992, when the Premier League was created. It became the 3rd division after the founding of the Premier League replaced the Football League First Division as the 1st tier of football in England. It was replaced by the EFL League One in 2004.


Burmese boxing

Lethwei (; : ) or Burmese boxing is a full contact combat sport from Myanmar. Lethwei is considered to be one of the most brutal martial arts in the world, because headbutts are permitted and the fights are done bareknuckle (without gloves).

This famous method of fighting with the bareknuckle hands and with the uncovered feet came in the 3rd century when the monks had wanted to be trained and to defended themselves. It is a boxing "called martial" that borrows from the Burmese warriors all their array of particular plans for gaining success in the combat. It had come popular beginning of the 11th century under the king Anawratha, with combats among tribes with no rules and with a violence without common measure. The way of facing is special very much, much often taking a certain animal behaviour and is alike only of much distant to other Eastern methods.

In the way received from ancestors, the combat is judged by two referees and is done in a circle where every form of the blow and of the throw is permitted. The present time brought the rules as if the Eastern boxing, especially the gloves, the things that keep safe, the rounds and the ring. The technical part of the person who fights is much wide and the behaviours are produced by other methods of the combat de Burma. Many unusually interesting actions are happened, especially the flying techniques (jumping kick, knee strike and with elbow in flying), and techniques in walking of stairs (kicks and knee strike). In the past, a traditional Burmese Boxing was quite different from Thaing, for its brutal and rough side. Today, is not so, because is having good organization under the modern conditions, can be agradable see.

Nine traditional techniques are the parts of the method of the Burmese boxing. The technical description of the lethwei include three main parts, the weapons which are used, the goals which are aims and the distances of the combat. We meet: 

From a point of view of particular plan for gaining succes in the combat, and in order to learn and remember, a part of laws is established. For example, we meet the following laws: 

According to a customary way, the combat is performed in a circle. In the Burmese villages, still in 21st century, this fight has kept in existence its character received from ancestors. Only the appearance of an Eastern ring and of the divisions seems to be mark of the present times.

The match is judged by two referees, in order to can better separate the men who take part in it, and six referees give a points to these men. All the techniques are permitted, a man can be hit in the ground. The boxers fight during the rounds much long. The rounds are changed by complete half-times during the other matches are performed.

The set of needed things is poor, the competitor uses certain pants of boxing, wrapped hands, coconut as a something that keeps the genitals safe, leather strap among the teeth. Till the present times, many Burmese boxers have the tattooed trunk and the leg. In a certain, you can see his victories, in other - the representations of animals (eagle, serpent, leopard, tiger, etc..) suggesting force and being brave.

Warrior dance performed in the beginning of the combat, in order to show ability and being brave. In the end of the dance, the crossed arms are hit each one of its shoulders with the opposite hand in order to announce that the boxer is hostile. A dance of victory is performed also after the decision of the referees.

Act of providing to see de the weapons used during the combat de lethwei, by the boxer himself. He hits the opposite arm with his open hand. The act of providing to see is performed from the top towards down, at the beginning with the fists and the elbows, then with the knee and in the end with the feet. 



American kickboxing

The word kickboxing represents a sport of combat of striking which is practised on ring. In the years 1960, in the United States, the sharp interest for the karate and for the other martial arts (kempo, kung-fu, taekwondo, bando, etc.) and the desire of several mass media does developping the things. 
Various styles of martial practices developped with the various forms of contact. Many champions wanting to know the special end easy recognized qualities of their techniques, helped in causing their gradual change. Competitions were arranged in lot of different styles of combat; like Jhoon Rhee's United States National Karate Championship, the Ed Parker's Battle of Atlanta, and from the 1963 they opens on ring of Bando kickboxing (form come to have of the ancient Burmese boxing brought in from another country by the person with special skill Maung Gyi). Other important competitions like Mas Oyama's All Worth America Championship (Karate Kyokushinkai to the K.O.) has changed the traditional competitions of karate from yet arranged without contact.

Also, the Bruce Lee's (famous cinema actor, in the middle of the years 1970) and Jhoon Rhee's (Alan Steen's, Jeff Smith's and Gordon Franks's teacher) idea of fighting with protections and gloves, has opened a new way for all the persons who like "real combat". At the beginning, American kickboxing is rules of competition. Such rules allow the competitors of the various martial practices to compete in a certain kind of fighting (at the beginning that ones of the WKA - World Karate Association). If is so much the main opinion that is become one of the forms of sport of combat produced by the martial arts more practised in the world.

Among the most known world systems, loaded with the management of the professional and amateur designations as champions in the "boxes pieds-poings" we have: the WKA (World Kickboxing Association) that had been founded in the USA in the 1976, the WAKO (World Association of KickBoxing Organizations) that had been founded in Germany in the 1978 (WAKO has its origins in the organization of amateur gatherings), the ISKA (that had been founded in 1986) that came from the PKA that did the development of the full contact at the beginning and the WKN (that had been founded in the 1997).



International federations:


Franco Baresi

Franchino Baresi (; born 8 May 1960) is an Italian football youth team coach and a former player and manager.

AC Milan
Individual
Orders


Archerfish

Archerfish (also known as archer fish, spinner fish or insect-eater) are small perciform fish. Some live in fresh water. Others live in salt water. They live in lots of places, like India, the Philippines, Australia, and Polynesia.

Archerfish eat insects and other small animals. The archerfish looks for an insect hanging over the water. The archerfish shoots drops of water out of its mouth at the insect. When the drops hit the insect, it falls into the water. Then the archerfish catches (gets) the insect and eats it.

Archerfish can eat insects up to two meters (six feet) away. Adult archerfish almost always hit the insect the first time, but young archerfish must do it many times in order to learn how.

The type species is the banded archerfish, "Toxotes jaculatrix". It is also known as the common archerfish or just archerfish. There is the common archerfish, which has a similar common name but is not the type species. The body of the "Toxotus chatareus" sooty but sometimes silvery or gold. The dorsal side is greenish-brown. 

The pectoral fins are clear or "dusky" in color. Pelvic fins may be darker and heavily pigmented.


John Peisley

John (Jack) Peisley (1835 – 1862) Australian bushranger was born in Bathurst New South Wales in 1835. He is believed to be the first bushranger born in Australia. His name is often found spelled as "Piesley".

John Peisley lived in the Abercrombie District with his well-known settler parents Thomas and Elizabeth. Their house was reputed a den of thieves. John Peisley was arrested in his teens for stealing. About 1840, the extended family of ticket of leave convicts Thomas Weavers and wife Sarah, previously Smith née Lake crossed the Blue Mountains to Bathurst and took up farming in the Mount Macquarie area where unofficial settlement started in 1821.  The first land grant was to Thomas Icely for "Coombing Park" in 1829.  Nearby land was taken up on Coombing and Fell Tree Creeks, and at Number One Swamp that developed into the village of Mount Macquarie, the latter renamed Neville in 1888. Thomas Weavers and stepson William Smith took up land together. On 12 May 1851, two horses missing from Thomas Weavers’ Mount Macquarie property were seen in the possession of seventeen-year-old John Peisley driving them and five more to the Abercrombie. He was arrested on warrant and indicted for stealing. The jury could not agree the identity of horses were sufficiently established and acquitted the accused, but he was remanded in custody, as he faced another charge of horse stealing. 

Not all Australian convicts and ticket of leave holders arrived in Australia on convict transports. Bathurst-born Colonial lad John Peisley was eventually convicted of stealing cattle and sentenced to serve time on Cockatoo Island near Sydney, now called Biloela. A prisoner who served time there was labelled a "Cockatoo Hand". There he met "Darkie" Frank Clark, who as Frank Christie, escapee from Melbourne’s Pentridge gaol in 1850 after serving five weeks of a five year sentence. In New South Wales, Clark turned to horse and cattle stealing in company with William Fogg. Convicted, he got seven years for attempting to sell stolen horses and forging horse ownership papers at Yass.
Clark, having served less than six years of his sentence, was given his ticket of leave on 
31 December 1859, conditional he stayed in the Carcoar District. At Carcoar, he worked for a butcher. Two months later, he absconded to new gold diggings at Kiandra and calling himself Frank Gardiner opened a butcher’s shop selling carcasses of stolen cattle. His true identity was soon realized and warrants issued. He was arrested in May 1861, but skipped bail at Lambing Flat (now Young). He teamed up with Canadian immigrant John Gilbert and reverted to full-time crime.

In December 1860, convict Peisley gained his Ticket of Leave at Scone, conditional upon him remaining in the Hunter River Valley. On 23 March 1861, fifty miles north-east of Bathurst, between Louisa Creek and Tambaroora, with fellow Cockatoo Hand named McKenzie, he robbed travelling bank officer Richard Cox Shaw carrying £565 in notes, also some gold and silver coins. Earlier bushrangers were mostly transported convicts; colony-born Peisley became the first true "Wild Colonial Boy". The robbers split and Peisley absconded to the Abercrombie Ranges he knew well. In May, at Fish River in Fogg’s ironbark slab humpy, six miles from Bigga, Peisley and Frank Clark reunited and teamed with John Gilbert as highway robbers, ‘sticking up’ travellers in the area between Bathurst, Lambing Flat, Gundagai and Yass. On 16 July morning, Sergeant John Middleton and Trooper William Hosie stationed at Tuena, descended upon Fogg’s humpy occupied by Fogg, his wife and children, Frank Clark armed with a six-shot revolver handgun, and Jim Barney, an old man. Unknown to the troopers, Peisley and Gilbert were camped one mile away. Called to surrender, Clark shot Middleton three times, in the hand, mouth and hip, and Trooper William Hosie received a glancing ball to his forehead. Clark was also wounded. They wrestled before Clark gave up and was manacled. Barney took off to warn Peisley and Gilbert. Middleton left for Bigga to get help and reinforcements. Circumstances of Hosie leaving for Bigga were disputed. Fogg claimed Hosie accepted fifty sovereigns to release Clark and to say he escaped. Hosie averred at Fogg’s trial for obstructing police, while he and Fogg escorted the prisoner along the road to Bigga, Clark escaped when bushrangers Peisley and another (Gilbert) waylaid them. Trooper Hosie reached Bigga alone mid-afternoon. Weak and delirious from loss of blood, Sergeant Middleton arrived at nightfall. Both would later recover. Reports of Crime issued July and August 1861 declared £120 rewards, £20 for Clark’s apprehension, and £50 for Peisley’s, and further sum of £50 by Government for such information as shall lead to the conviction of those concerned in the outrage of attacking and wounding the Patrol with Firearms in the Bathurst District. The report disclosed:

"On the 16th July, Sergeant Middleton and Trooper Hosie, of the Western Patrol, were attacked and severely wounded at the Fish River, by Francis Clarke, alias Jones, alias Christie, a Ticket of Leave holder, illegally at large from his district; a native of Goulbourn, New South Wales, 31 years ... wounded in the affray on left temple by a pistol-ball or whip. He was captured and afterwards released by two armed men: John Peisley, a Ticket of Leave holder, illegally at large from his district; a native of Bathurst, New South Wales, about 26, 5 feet 8 ½ inches high, ruddy complexion, flaxen hair, bluish-grey eyes, long featured, pock-marked nose, several scars, arms and legs hairy, left eye spasmodic winking action… The other man is about 26 years"

The report also included weapons carried and comprehensive physical descriptions, normal clothing and by Clark (Gardiner) and Gilbert (not named). 
Displeased with ill-fame attributed him, Peisley wrote the editor of the Bathurst Free Press and Mining Journal by letter dated “Fish River, 4th September, 1861.” It stated, in part:

"You will no doubt be surprised to receive a note from the (now by all account) noted Piesley; but, Sir, through your valuable paper I must make it known that, if it be my lot to be taken, whether dead or alive, I will never be tried for the rescue of Gardiner, in the light in which it is presented; nor did I ever fire at Trooper Hosie. … I must be the Invisible Prince to commit one-tenth of what is laid to my charge. I trust I may never have to allude to this again. I love my native hills, I love freedom and detest cruelty to man or beast. Trusting you will publish this, my bold letter no doubt, but you can be assured it comes from the real John Piesley, and not any of his many representatives. I am, Mr. Editor, your much harassed writer, JOHN PIESLEY"

In the next months Clark, then more often called Gardiner, Peisley and Gilbert bushranged and retreated to the Weddin Mountains near Forbes and Cowra. Peisley separated from the gang and single-handed held up the Lambing Flat coach after it left Cowra. He then returned to Abercrombie District.

On 27 December 1861, Peisley went to Tom McGuinness’s inn at Bigga and left the next day with fellow drinker James Wilson, stocked with wine and brandy. They rode to a nearby farm owned by William and Stephen Benyon and continued drinking and arguing with the two brothers. He accused, 17 years earlier, when he was a kid, William had swapped a horse with him, which was no good. A fight erupted and Wilson took Peisley’s revolvers, which William’s wife Martha hid in the garden. At her husband’s insistence, she returned the revolvers. Peisley pursued Stephen Benyon to the barn followed by William Benyon. Both brothers were shot by Peisley; Stephen in the arm and William in the throat; witnessed by Martha Benyon, Wilson, farmhand George Harmer, servant girl Mary Samson and Thomas Weavers. 
Doctor Henry Kowland attended William Benyon the following day, and found a bullet had passed through his windpipe and lodged in the spine, paralyzing him from the neck down. He could not remove the bullet and considered the case hopeless from the start. He attended him again on 31 December, three days before he died. 
A warrant issued for Peisley’s arrest for the murder of Benyon and reward for information as would lead to his apprehension and conviction. An announcement in the Government Gazette of January 1862, after the murder of Benyon, based on Report of Crime dated 29 July 1861, described Peisley:

"About 28 years of age, about 5 ft 10 in. high, stout, well made, fresh complexion, very small light whiskers, quite bald on top of head and forehead, several recent marks on face, and a mark from a blow of a spade on top of head; puffed and dissipated-looking from hard drinking, invariable wears fashionable Napoleon boots, dark cloth breeches, dark vest buttoned up the front, large albert gold guard, cabbage-tree hat and duck coat. Sometimes wears a dark wig and always carries a brace of revolvers."

On 15 January, Constables Morris, Murphy and Simpson were searching the Abercrombie area for bushrangers and spoke with Peisley near Bigga. Police gave chase but Peisley’s superior horse enabled him to escape easily. He was identified and challenged by Corporal Carroll at Tarcutta on 29 January, and again escaped on his well-bred mount. One week later, after a struggle, Peisley was captured and secured near Bootes’s hotel, Mundarlo by Mr Mackenzie and Mr Beveridge of Wantabadgerie, who delivered him to Gundagai. At his committal before the Carcoar bench, Peisley called Thomas Weavers, but he corroborated the prosecution witnesses. Committed for trail, Peisley handcuffed and chained, was taken from Carcoar to Bathurst by a large posse of armed police.
He was tried and convicted in the Bathurst Court on 14 March 1862, for the murder of William Benyon and sentenced to death. He was hanged on 25 April 1862, in the Bathurst Gaol before about fifty people. Aboriginal Jackey Bullfrog was hanged at the same time for murdering William Clarke. At the gallows, Peisley pleaded he had a drunken fight, and death was Benyon’s fault as much as his. He averred he had he had nothing to do with Gardiner’s rescue, was nowhere near Fogg’s when he got away, and nothing to do with any attempt bribe Hosie. His last words were “Goodbye gentlemen, and God bless you.” Clark using the name Christie was captured at Appis Creek, Queensland in March 1864. He served ten years of a cumulative 32-year sentence for twice wounding Trooper Hosie, with intent to kill and intent to cause harm and two counts of armed robbery. 
Before and after Piesley’s hanging, John Gilbert teamed up with Ben Hall. Bushranging robberies by the end of 1864 were so troublesome that the Parliament of New South Wales rushed through a Bill, "An Act to facilitate the taking or apprehending of persons charged with certain felonies and the punishment of those by whom they are harboured." Within one month of the Act’s passing on 8 April 1865, Police shot them dead, Hall near Forbes on 6 May and Gilbert at Binalong one week later. Mourners gave them hero status.


La Chapelle-Craonnaise

La Chapelle-Craonnaise is a commune of 266 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Chapelle-Rainsouin

La Chapelle-Rainsouin is a commune of 234 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Charchigné

Charchigné is a commune of 396 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Karl Lagerfeld

Karl Lagerfeld (born Karl Otto Lagerfeldt; 10 September 1933 – 19 February 2019) was a German fashion designer. 

Lagerfeld was born in Hamburg, Germany. Many people saw him as one of the most influential persons of the late 20th century. He made fashion for many different labels, for example Chanel, Chloé and Fendi. He also owned several labels, which he started in the early 1980s. He also owned labels making perfumes. He designed clothes for many leading artists. 

He had a Birman cat called Choupette. The cat has its own social media accounts. 

Lagerfeld died on 19 February 2019 from pancreatic cancer in Neuilly-sur-Seine at the age of 85. Lagerfeld wrote Choupette into his will. 


Château-Gontier

Château-Gontier is a former commune of 11,131 people (as of 1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Château-Gontier-sur-Mayenne.

Châtelain, Mayenne

Châtelain is a commune of 404 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Forbes, New South Wales

Forbes is a town in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Newell Highway between Parkes and West Wyalong. There were about 7,000 living in the town in 2001.

Forbes is on the banks of the Lachlan River. It is 245m above sea-level. It is about 380km west of Sydney. The farms in the area mainly grow wheat. Nearby towns and villages include: Parkes, Bedgerebong, Bundbarrah, Corradgery, Daroobalgie, Eugowra, Ooma North and Paytens Bridge. It is home to the Ben Hall a notorius Australian bushranger.

The first people to live in the Forbes area were the Australian aborigines, the Wiradjuri people. The first European was the explorer John Oxley in 1817. He called the area "Camp Hill". He did not think very much of the clay soil, poor timber and swamps. He wrote: ""...it is impossible to imagine a worse country"". The first settlers moved into the district in 1834 and started a station (farm) called "Bogabigal". Forbes is built on what was Arthur Rankin's farm called "Cunumbla" Station.

Gold was found at Forbes by Harry Stephens, also known as "German Harry", in June 1861. About 30,000 people moved to the goldfields, but by 1863 this had dropped to about 3,500 because mining the gold was too hard. The diggings were wet with water coming from the Lachlan River. About two thirds of the buildings were empty.

The goldfields were first called "Black Ridge". The town was named "Forbes" after Sir Francis Forbes. It is possible that the name was a mistake. The name Forbes should have been given to Hill End, New South Wales near Mudgee. Gold was found there at the same time. Gold at Forbes was first found in the area known as Halpin's Flat. The Albion Hotel, once a Cobb and Co. stage coach rest stop, has tunnels underneath it. These were used to take gold and money to and from the banks and stop it from being stolen. Farming became important after the gold mining ended. Forbes became an important stopping place on the main track for moving cattle from Queensland to Victoria.

One of Australia's most famous bushrangers, Ben Hall, was shot dead by police about 20km northwest of town on May 5, 1865. Hall and his gang were famous for stealing 77kg of gold and £3,700 from a stage coach near the town of Eugowra in 1862. He is buried in the Forbes Cemetery.

Kate Kelly, the sister of bushranger Ned Kelly, lived in Forbes. She was drowned in the Lachlan River in 1898. She is buried in Forbes Cemetery.

The railway reached Forbes in 1893. Passenger trains stopped going to Forbes in 1983.

Forbes Shire has 4 government primary schools: Forbes Primary School, Forbes North Primary School, Corinella Public School and Bedgerebong Public School. There is one private primary school, St Laurences Primary School. Forbes High School, north of Forbes, is a government school and in 2005 had about 550 students. Red Bend Catholic College at Forbes is a high school for boys and girls. It is on the site of the old Marist Brothers' College, on the banks of the Lachlan River. Red Bend has around 550 students attending in 2008.

There is also the Forbes College of Technical and Further Education (TAFE) and the Forbes Conservatorium (music).



Châtillon-sur-Colmont

Châtillon-sur-Colmont is a French commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Châtres-la-Forêt

Châtres-la-Forêt is a former French commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Évron.

Chemazé

Chemazé is a commune of 1019 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chémeré-le-Roi

Chémeré-le-Roi is a commune of 383 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Chérancé, Mayenne

Chérancé is a commune of 166 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Chevaigné-du-Maine

Chevaigné-du-Maine is a commune of 206 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Colombiers-du-Plessis

Colombiers-du-Plessis is a commune of 514 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Commer, Mayenne

Commer is a commune of 1091 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Congrier

Congrier is a commune of 1036 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Contest, Mayenne

Contest is a commune of 765 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Cosmes

Cosmes is a commune of 273 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Cossé-en-Champagne

Cossé-en-Champagne is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. About 300 people live there (as of 1999). This town has had a church since the 11th century. It is known for its frescoes.

Cossé-le-Vivien

Cossé-le-Vivien is a commune of 2706 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Coudray, Mayenne

Coudray is a commune of 839 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Couesmes-Vaucé

Couesmes-Vaucé is a commune of 383 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


Couptrain

Couptrain is a commune of 160 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Courbeveille

Courbeveille is a commune of 488 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Courcité

Courcité is a commune of 992 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Craon, Mayenne

Craon is a commune of 4,659 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Crennes-sur-Fraubée

Crennes-sur-Fraubée is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France. 178 people lived there in 1999.

La Croixille

La Croixille is a commune of 547 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


La Cropte

La Cropte is a commune of 239 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Cuillé

Cuillé is a commune of 849 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Daon

Daon is a commune of 440 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Denazé

Denazé is a commune of 148 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Désertines, Mayenne

Désertines is a commune of 539 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Deux-Évailles

Deux-Évailles is a former commune of 152 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, the commune was unified with Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré, Montourtier and Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons, and the new municipality took the name of Montsûrs.

La Dorée

La Dorée is a commune of 396 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Entrammes

Entrammes is a commune of 2 108 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The people that live there are called "Entrammais".

Its name comes from the Gallo-Roman "Inter Amnes", that means ""between the waters"": in fact three rivers flow into its territory: the Mayenne, which gives its name to the department, the Jouanne, at the entrance of the village and the Ouette.

On its territory, in 1793, happened the battle of Entrammes.

̆* Port-du-Salut Abbey

Entrammes is twinned with:


Épineux-le-Seguin

Épineux-le-Seguin is a former commune of 172 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Val-du-Maine.

Ernée

Ernée is a commune of 5,793 people (2006). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Évron

Évron is a commune of 7 575 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, the former communes of Châtres-la-Forêt and Saint-Christophe-du-Luat were merged into Évron.

In its territory flows the Jouanne river.

Fontaine-Couverte

Fontaine-Couverte is a commune of 388 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Forcé

Forcé is a commune of 1017 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

In its territory flows the Jouanne river.

Fougerolles-du-Plessis

Fougerolles-du-Plessis is a commune of 1566 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Fromentières, Mayenne

Fromentières is a commune of 674 peoples (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department. This is in the northwest of France.

Gastines

Gastines is a French commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Le Genest-Saint-Isle

Le Genest-Saint-Isle is a commune of 2075 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Gennes-sur-Glaize

Gennes-sur-Glaize is a former commune of 790 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Gennes-Longuefuye.

Gesnes

Gesnes is a commune of 174 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Gesvres

Gesvres is a commune of 543 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Gorron

Gorron is a commune of 2894 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Louis Althusser

Louis Pierre Althusser (Pronunciation: altuˡseʁ) (October 16, 1918 – October 22, 1990) was a Marxist philosopher. He was born in Algeria. He studied at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris. He became Professor of Philosophy there. He taught Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida.

Althusser was a member of the French Communist Party. Sometimes he had bad opinions about the party. He argued against things he thought attacked the basic ideas of Marxism. Some examples are the influence of empiricism on Marxist theory, humanist and reformist socialist orientations in European communist parties, the problem of the 'cult of personality' and ideology. 

Many people say that Althusser is a Structural Marxist. This is a type of Marxism based on structuralism. However, he had many different opinions about structuralism. In 1980, Althusser killed his wife. He went to a psychiatric hospital for three years. He died in 1990.

Gareth Owen

Gareth David Owen (born 21 September 1982) is an English-born Welsh former footballer, now working as academy director with Stoke City.

Individual

Stockport County

Gheorghe Hagi

Gheorghe Hagi (born 5 February 1965) is a former Romanian football player. He has played for the Romanian national team.

Steaua București

Real Madrid

Brescia

Barcelona

Galatasaray

Galatasaray

Viitorul Constanța

Farul Constanta


Gordon Banks

Gordon Banks (30 December 1937 – 12 February 2019) was an English footballer. He has played for England national team. He is regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time.

Banks played in every game of England's 1966 FIFA World Cup victory.

In October 1972 Banks was involved in a car crash in his car near his home in Madeley Heath. Fragments of glass perforated his right eye and damaged the retina. Surgeons put 100 micro stitches to the eye and a further 200 to his face. This effectively ended his career, though he played on for a while.

In December 2015, it was announced he was receiving treatment for kidney cancer. Banks died overnight on 12 February 2019 in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, aged 81.

510||0
37||0
1||0
548||0
!Total||73||0

Carlos Sastre

Carlos Sastre Candil (born 22 April 1975 in Leganés, Madrid) is a Spanish cyclist. He is retired and he won the Tour de France in 2008. He is a climbing specialist and has been very consistent, finishing consistently in the top 10 of the Vuelta and the Tour de France. A film made about his team showed that he is a man who loves his family. The title of the film is 'Overcoming'.

In 2009, his contract expired with CSC. He found work in two other teams before retiring at the end of 2011. Sastre is the only winner of the Tour de France from 2000 to 2010 who has not been involved in doping cases.

Ally McBeal

Ally McBeal is an American TV show that was on air from September 8, 1997, to May 20, 2002, by the Fox Channel. It is set in a law firm in Boston, Massachusetts. "Ally McBeal" is also the name of the main character played by Calista Flockhart.

Last of the Summer Wine

Last of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom. It ran longer than any other comedy show in the UK and longer than any other sitcom in the world. It airs on the television channel BBC One. Roy Clarke writes the show and Alan J. W. Bell produces and directs it. It started as an episode of the television show "Comedy Playhouse" and originally aired on 4 January 1973. The first series of episodes started airing on 12 November 1973. The show had broadcast its 30th series in 2009 and the 31st and final series was shown in 2010.

"Last of the Summer Wine" was filmed in and around Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, England. It features three older men who never get old and act like they are children. The three originally were Norman Clegg (Peter Sallis), Cyril Blamire (Michael Bates), and Compo Simmonite (Bill Owen). After two years, Blamire left the show. In his place, Brian Wilde joined as Foggy Dewhurst. The current cast is Russ Abbot as Hobbo Hobdyke, Burt Kwouk as Entwistle, and Brian Murphy as Alvin Smedley.

Some think the show is not as good as it used to be. Many people continue watching it, though, and praise it for portraying older people well and for its family-friendly humour. Members of the British Royal Family enjoy the show. The show has been nominated for some awards and won the National Television Award for Most Popular Comedy Programme in 1999. There have been many holiday specials, two television movies, and a documentary movie about the series. "Last of the Summer Wine" has inspired other adaptations, including a television prequel, several novelisations, and a stage adaptation.


Free Software Foundation

The Free Software Foundation (FSF) is a non-profit corporation founded by Richard Stallman on 4 October 1985 to support the free software movement, a movement which tries to promote the universal freedom to distribute and modify computer software without restriction. The FSF was started in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, United States of America.

From its founding (when it started) until the 1990s, FSF's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project. Since the mid-1990s, the FSF's employees and volunteers have mostly worked on legal and structural issues for the free software movement and the free software community.

The FSF holds the copyrights on many important pieces of the GNU system, such as the GCC. As a copyright holder, it has the power to enforce the GNU General Public License (GPL) when copyright infringement occurs on that software. While other copyright holders of other software systems used the GPL as their license, FSF was the only organization to regularly assert its copyright interests on software licensed under the GPL until Harald Welte created gpl-violations.org in 2004.

In late 2001, Bradley M. Kuhn (then Executive Director), with the help of Moglen, David Turner, and Peter T. Brown, turned these efforts into FSF's GPL Compliance Labs. From 2002-2004, high profile GPL enforcement cases, such as those against Linksys and OpenTV, became frequent. GPL enforcement and educational campaigns on GPL compliance was a major focus of the FSF's efforts during this period.

In March 2003, SCO filed suit against IBM alleging(saying) that IBM's contributions to some free software, including FSF's GNU, violated SCO's rights. While FSF was never a party to the lawsuit, FSF was subpoenaed on November 5, 2003. During 2003 and 2004, FSF put a lot of advocacy effort into responding to the lawsuit and removing its negative impact on the adoption and promotion of free software.


The FSF maintains a list of "high priority projects" where the Foundation says that ""there is a vital need to draw the free software community's attention"". The FSF says these projects are""important because computer users are continually being seduced into using non-free software, because there is no adequate free replacement.""




ITS 90

The ITS 90 is the international temperature scale, published in the year 1990. It mainly is a set of fixed temperatures and instructions how to realise a practical temperature scale, being as close to the thermodynamical temperature scale as current knowledge allows.

The first international temperature scale was established in 1927. An improved version came in 1948. In 1968 the IPTS 68 was issued. Note the letter P, which stands for practical. In 1975 the very low side of the scale (below 1 Kelvin) was added. Since 1990 the ITS 90 is in use.

A list of fixed temperatures is given. This list has been produced by national laboratories from all over the world. It has been approved by the B.I.P.M. (Bureau Internationale des Poids et Mesure) in Paris. Temperatures between the fixed points can be measured, using a platinum resistance thermometer (up to 660 °C). This thermometer, however, has to be calibrated first. This is being done at a number of fixed temperatures, covering the desired range. Procedures and formulae for defining an interpolating thermometer are given as well.

Say we need a calibrated thermometer in the range from room temperature to 400 °C. A triple point of water is to be realised for 0.01 °C. For 231.928 °C there is the freezing point of tin. At 419.527 °C it is the freezing point of zinc, which serves the goal.

After having measured the electrical resistance of this thermometer at the given temperatures, the data is being fed into a prescribed formula, giving the deviation coefficients for the range from 0 to 420 °C. So, from now on we have a thermometer with which we can perform accurate measurements according to the ITS 90.

This type of calibration is called primary calibration. With the thermometer we just calibrated we can perform a secondary calibration. Then another thermometer is to be calibrated against ours. This derived calibration, of course, is a little less accurate, but can take place at any suitable temperature within the range, since our thermometer interpolates between the fixed temperatures.

For more information see the official site of BIPM

Nude photography

Nude photography is a style of photography which shows the nude human body as a form of art. This is different from erotic photography, and pornography which focus on sexual arousal. 

For many photographers, nude photography is a study of the human body, much like some paintings did.
Photographing a named person is called portraiture. Nude photography focuses on showing the human body, and often the face is not visible.

In general, nude photography is a "planned image", not a snapshot. Nude photography wants to show a stylised depiction of the human body. Photographers sometimes use extremes of light and shadow, oiled skin, and shadows falling across the body to show the texture and structure of the body.

Nude Men are also used in photography, they are just less common.

Early photographers often showed the nudity of women like the one we see here by Félix-Jacques Moulin. Many, like Edward Weston, Jean-Christophe Destailleur, Augustao de Luca, Ruth Bernhard and Jerry Avenaim, preferred to show the lines of a body as a piece of art. They used the terms "art nude" and "figurenude" from painting to avoid suggestions that their works were meant to be erotica or pornography.

Laval (Mayenne)

Laval is a commune and the prefecture of the French department of Mayenne. The people that live there are called "Lavallois".

Laval is a medieval city and was first mentioned during the 11th century.


Laval is twinned with:

Erotic photography

Erotic photography is a style of photography, between nude photography and pornography. Erotic photography wants to show the more or less naked human body in a sexual context. It can be difficult to make a difference between erotic photography and pornography - in general erotic photography wants to arouse or stimulate the viewer.

This stimulation is generally not done by explicitly showing people having sex. Instead, the models in the photographs will try to create a sexual impression. For example, female models may try to appear alluring. Male models will try to convey sexual arousal, though not through a full erection. In general, erotic photography only suggests, and has a higher artistic value than pornography.

Cotton County, Oklahoma

Cotton County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,527 people lived there. Its county seat is Walters.

The county has a total area of 642 square miles.

Craig County, Oklahoma

Craig County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 14,107 people lived there. Its county seat is Vinita. 

The county has a total area of 763 square miles. 

Creek County, Oklahoma

Creek County is a county that can be found in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, about 71,754 people lived in Creek County. The county seat of Creek County is Sapulpa.

The county has a total area of 970 square miles.

EasyBCD

EasyBCD is a free program developed by the non-profit NeoSmart Technologies used to configure and tweak the new Windows Vista Bootloader. EasyBCD can be used to set up dual-boots between Windows Vista and previous versions of Windows, along with Linux, BSD, and Mac OS X.

Custer County, Oklahoma

Custer County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It was named in honor of General George Armstrong Custer. As of 2020, 28,513 people lived there. Its county seat is Arapaho.

The county has a total area of 1,002 square miles.

Delaware County, Oklahoma

Delaware County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 40,397 people lived there. Its county seat is Jay.

The county has a total area of 792 square miles.

Loire-Atlantique

Loire-Atlantique is a department in France. It is in the Pays de la Loire region. Its capital is Nantes, which is also the region's capital. The department gets its name from the river which goes through it ("la Loire)", and because it is next to the Atlantic Ocean.

Loire Atlantique is one of the first 83 departments of France created in 1790. It used to be called "Loire-Inférieure". It got its new name in 1957.

The department was part of Brittany until 1941 when the Vichy Governement separated it. Many people still think it is Brittany's capital. Some want it to be part of Brittany again.

Loire-Atlantique is next to 4 departements:

West of it is the Atlantic Ocean.


Interference

In physics, interference is the effect of wave functions. A single wave can interfere with itself, but this is still an addition of two waves (see Young's slits experiment). Two waves always interfere, even if the result of the addition is complicated or not remarkable.

Something that happens when two or more waves are in the same space. Sometimes the peak of one wave joins with the peak of another wave, so the resulting peak is twice as high. Sometimes the peak of one wave falls into the trough of another wave, and the surface is then flat. When waves add their effects, it is called positive interference, or constructive interference. When one wave subtracts from the effects of the other, it is called negative interference, or destructive interference.

If two people pushed on a car in the same direction, they would move the car better than either one alone. That would be positive interference. If two people of equal strength pushed the car from opposite directions, then it would not be moved by either of them. That would be negative interference.

Constructive interference happens when two or more waves are in the same space and in phase. When this happens, the waves' amplitudes add together and the total is greater than the amplitude of any of the waves by themselves. This causes the waves to appear more intense.

At time = 0, one wave top is moving from the left and another wave is moving from the right. <br>
At time = 1, the two wave tops meet in the middle.<br>
At time = 2, the two waves have each continued moving forward and reappear again at their original heights.

Destructive interference happens when two or more waves are in the same place and out of phase. When this happens, the waves' amplitudes add together and the total is less than the amplitude of any of the waves by themselves. This causes the waves to appear less intense.

At time = 0, a wave top is moving in from the left and a wave trough is moving in from the right.<br>
At time = 1, the two waves have met in the middle. The crest (top) fills in the trough.<br>
At time = 2, the two waves have moved along in their original direct and each reappears.
After a rain, one can often see patterns when a little oil floats on top of puddles. The colors will be in the order: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet. Each of these colors of light has its own wavelength, and different parts of the oil have different thicknesses. Part of the light from the sun bounces off the top surface, in other words it bounces off the oil. Part of the sunlight bounces off the top of the water. The light waves from the oil surface and the light from the water surface meet back in the air, and they interfere. For any thickness of the oil layer, some of the light waves will add and some will subtract, so the result is that one color of light will be strongest there.

When two highly polished sheets of glass are pressed together, sometimes the distance between the two pieces will change from place to place. When that happens, the pattern that shows up is called "Newton's rings." When slide photographs are put between two thin sheets of glass for showing in a slide projector, this kind of pattern is a big problem. The same problem can show up when two microscope slides are put together.

Noise-canceling headphones use destructive interference to cut out noise from the outside.

Here is a diagram of the kind of thing that produces some kinds of light interference. The distance between the top piece of glass and the bottom piece gets larger near the outside edges.

A simpler setup would be to have two flat pieces of glass in contact along one edge and a narrow angle between their two faces. If the separation between the top surface of the first piece of glass and the top surface of the second piece of glass is, at some point, such that light beams reflected from each are synchronized or in phase, then the reflected light will be bright, but if the two beams are half a cycle out of phase, then at that point the two beams will cancel each other and what reflected light there is will not be bright.

Meadow

A meadow is a field vegetated primarily by grass and other non-woody plants. It may be cut for hay or grazed by livestock such as cattle, sheep or goats.




Dewey County, Oklahoma

Dewey County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 4,484 people lived there. Its county seat is Taloga.

The county has a total area of 1,008 square miles.

Ellis County, Oklahoma

Ellis County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 3,749 people lived there. Its county seat is Arnett.

The county has a total area of 1,232 square miles.

Garfield County, Oklahoma

Garfield County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 62,846 people lived there. Its county seat is Enid.

The county has a total area of 1,060 square miles.

Garvin County, Oklahoma

Garvin County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 25,656 people lived there. Its county seat is Pauls Valley.

The county has a total area of 814 square miles.

Grady County, Oklahoma

Grady County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 54,795 people lived there. Its county seat is Chickasha.

The county has a total area of 1,105 square miles.

Battle of Honey Springs

The Battle of Honey Springs was an American Civil War battle and fought on July 17, 1863. It was an important victory for Union forces in their efforts to gain control of the Indian Territory. The battle was also unique in the fact that white soldiers were the minority in both forces.

The Confederate commander in the Indian Territory at this time was Douglas H. Cooper. He wanted to capture Fort Gibson, the main Union fort in the territory. If the Confederates captured the fort, they could control the territory. Cooper had to wait along the Elk Creek, near Honey Springs. Cooper had several regiments from Texas in his army. There were several Indian regiments with the Confederates. Cooper needed reinforcements from Arkansas before he attacked the fort.

The Union commander in the terriroty was James G. Blunt. He found out about the Confederates's plans. He decided to attack first. His army had regiments from Kansas, Wisconsin, and Colorado. There were also regiments of Indians in the Union army.

The battle started near dawn on July 17. The two armies started fighting north of Elk Creek. The Confederates slowly retreated back to the creek. The Union and Confederate soldiers fought along the creek for several hours. The Confederates started retreating when the center of their line was attacked by the 1st Kansas Colored Infantry.

Cooper had to burn many of his supplies at Honey Springs to prevent Blunt from capturing them. The Confederates lost 627 casualties. The Union army lost 75 casualties.


Bureau of Indian Affairs

The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) was formed in 1824 to deal with Native Americans inside the United States. The BIA manages land and natural resources for Native Americans. It is responsible for the U.S. government's relationship with Native American tribes. Sometimes, it helps with infrastructure and law enforcement.

In the past, the BIA operated schools on Indian reservations. Now, the Bureau of Indian Education (BIE) provides money for schools. Some of the schools are operated by the BIE and others are operated by the tribes themselves.

As Cruel as School Children

As Cruel as School Children is the 3rd studio album by rap group Gym Class Heroes. It was released in July of 2006. The album contains some songs from their previous album "The Papercut Chronicles". 




Cattle drives in the United States

A cattle drive is the process of moving a herd of cattle from one place to another, usually moved and herded by cowboys on horses. The drives usually took a long time, perhaps six months or more. The drives went up from Texas to Kansas.

Oklahoma Senate

The Oklahoma Senate is the upper house of the two houses of the Legislature of Oklahoma, the lower house being the Oklahoma House of Representatives. The total number of Senators is set at 48 by the Oklahoma Constitution.

Oklahoma House of Representatives

The Oklahoma House of Representatives is the lower house and larger body of the two houses of the Oklahoma Legislature, the other being the Oklahoma Senate.


Grant County, Oklahoma

Grant County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 4,169 people lived there. Its county seat is Medford.

The county has a total area of 1,004 square miles.

Greer County, Oklahoma

Greer County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,491 people lived there. Its county seat is Mangum. The county is named after John A. Greer, a former governor of Texas.

The county was founded in 1896, when Oklahoma was still the Indian Territory. From 1896 to 1903, the county prohibited African Americans from living in it. In 1907, land was take away from the county to form the counties of Jackson County and Beckham County. In 1909, land was once again taken away to from Harmon County. The population peak was in 1930.

The county has a total area of 644 square miles. It has 1 city, 2 towns, and 2 unincorporated communities.




Harmon County, Oklahoma

Harmon County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 2,488 people lived there. The county seat is Hollis. It was named after Judson Harmon, the governor of of Ohio at the time.
It was created on June 2, 1909, from land that was previously owned by Greer County. After an election on September 1, the county seat became Hollis.

The county has a total area of 539 square miles.

Harper County, Oklahoma

Harper County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 3,272 people lived there. Its county seat is Buffalo.

The county has a total area of 1,041 square miles.

Haskell County, Oklahoma

Haskell County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 11,561 people lived there. Its county seat is Stigler.

The county has a total area of 625 square miles.

Hughes County, Oklahoma

Hughes County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 13,367 people lived there. Its county seat is Holdenville.

The county has a total area of 815 square miles.

Jackson County, Oklahoma

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 24,785 people lived there. Its county seat is Altus.

The county has a total area of 804 square miles.

Jefferson County, Oklahoma

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 5,337 people lived there. Its county seat is Waurika.

The county has a total area of 774 square miles.

Johnston County, Oklahoma

Johnston County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,272 people lived there. Its county seat is Tishomingo.

The county has a total area of 658 square miles.

Kay County, Oklahoma

Kay County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 43,700 people lived there. Its county seat is Newkirk.

The county has a total area of 945 square miles.

Kingfisher County, Oklahoma

Kingfisher County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 15,184 people lived there. Its county seat is Kingfisher.

The county has a total area of 906 square miles.

Kiowa County, Oklahoma

Kiowa County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 8,509 people lived there. Its county seat is Hobart.

The county has a total area of 1,031 square miles.

Latimer County, Oklahoma

Latimer County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 9,444 people lived there. Its county seat is Wilburton.

The county has a total area of 729 square miles.

Le Flore County, Oklahoma

Le Flore County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 48,129 people lived there. Its county seat is Poteau.

The county has a total area of 1,608 square miles.

Lincoln County, Oklahoma

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. 33,458 people lived there at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Chandler.

The county has a total area of 966 square miles.

Logan County, Oklahoma

Logan County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 49,555 people lived there. Its county seat is Guthrie.

The county has a total area of 749 square miles.

Love County, Oklahoma

Love County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,146 people lived there. Its county seat is Marietta.

The county has a total area of 532 square miles.

Major County, Oklahoma

Major County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 7,782 people lived there. Its county seat is Fairview.

The county has a total area of 958 square miles.

Flobots

Flobots are an alternative rock/alternative hip hop band from Denver, Colorado. They are famous for their hit single "Handlebars". They have released three albums.

GDebi

GDebi is a computer program that runs on Linux and can install .deb packages. It is available with a graphical interface, but also has a command line option.

GDebi can install local .deb packages with automatic dependency resolution (it automatically downloads and installs the required packages with apt).

Marshall County, Oklahoma

Marshall County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 15,312 people lived there. Its county seat is Madill.

The county has a total area of 427 square miles.

McClain County, Oklahoma

McClain County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 41,662 people lived there. Its county seat is Purcell.

The county has a total area of 580 square miles.

McCurtain County, Oklahoma

McCurtain County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 30,814 people lived there. Its county seat is Idabel.

McIntosh County, Oklahoma

McIntosh County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 18,941 people lived there. Its county seat is Eufaula.

Murray County, Oklahoma

Murray County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 13,904 people lived there. Its county seat is Sulphur.

Noble County, Oklahoma

Noble County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,924 people lived there. Its county seat is Perry.

Nowata County, Oklahoma

Nowata County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 9,320 people lived there. Its county seat is Nowata.

Okfuskee County, Oklahoma

Okfuskee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 11,310 people lived there. Its county seat is Okemah.

Oklahoma County, Oklahoma

Oklahoma County is a county in the central part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 796,292 people lived there. Its county seat is Oklahoma City.

The county has a total area of 718 square miles.

Okmulgee County, Oklahoma

Okmulgee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 36,706 people lived there. Its county seat is Okmulgee.

Osage County, Oklahoma

Osage County is the largest county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 45,818 people lived there. Its county seat is Pawhuska. The county covers the same area as the Osage Nation reservation.

The county has a total area of 2,304 square miles.




Ottawa County, Oklahoma

Ottawa County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 30,285 people lived there. Its county seat is Miami.

Pawnee County, Oklahoma

Pawnee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 15,553 people lived there. Its county seat is Pawnee.

The county has a total area of 595 square miles.

Payne County, Oklahoma

Payne County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At the 2020 census, 81,646 people lived there. Its county seat is Stillwater.

The county has a total area of 697 square miles.

Pittsburg County, Oklahoma

Pittsburg County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 43,773 people lived there. Its county seat is McAlester.

The county has a total area of 906 square miles. 

Pontotoc County, Oklahoma

Pontotoc County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 38,065 people lived there. Its county seat is Ada.

Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma

Pottawatomie County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. 72,454 people lived there at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Shawnee. 

Pushmataha County, Oklahoma

Pushmataha County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,812 people lived there. Its county seat is Antlers.

Roger Mills County, Oklahoma

Roger Mills County is a county found in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, the population is 3,442. The county seat of Roger Mills County is Cheyenne.

Seminole County, Oklahoma

Seminole County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. 23,556 people lived there at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Wewoka.

Sequoyah County, Oklahoma

Sequoyah County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 39,281 people lived there. Its county seat is Sallisaw.

Stephens County, Oklahoma

Stephens County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 42,848 people lived there. Its county seat is Duncan.

Texas County, Oklahoma

Texas County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 21,384 people lived there. Its county seat is Guymon. It is named after the state it borders to the south, Texas.

The county has a total area of 2,049 square miles.



Tillman County, Oklahoma

Tillman County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, the population is 6,968. The county seat is Frederick.

Washington County, Oklahoma

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is, in area, the third smallest county in Oklahoma. As of 2020, 52,455 people lived there. Its county seat is Bartlesville.

Washita County, Oklahoma

Washita County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 10,924 people lived there. Its county seat is New Cordell. It was formerly in Cloud Chief, Oklahoma.

The county has a total area of 1,009 square miles.

Woods County, Oklahoma

Woods County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 8,624 people lived there. Its county seat is Alva.

The county has a total area of 1,290 square miles.

Woodward County, Oklahoma

Woodward County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 20,470 people lived there. Its county seat is Woodward.

The county has a total area of 1,246 square miles.

Football League Third Division

The Football League Third Division was the 3rd division in English football. Its first season was the 1920–21. It would be brought back for the 1958-59 season. It was the 3rd division until the 1991-92 season. It became the 4th division in 1992, after the FA Premier League was created. It was replaced by the Football League Two in 2004.




Johnny Haynes

Johnny Haynes (17 October 1934 – 18 October 2005) is a former English football player. He was captain of Fulham, played for England national team and captained it. He was a forward, playing on the left wing as an outside left or inside left. Today he would be called an attacking midfield player. His job was to provide balls to the strikers. He played three times for England in the FIFA World Cup.

He has a statue outside of Craven Cottage.

Durban City

Individual

Johan Cruyff

Johan Cruyff (25 April 1947 – 24 March 2016) was a Dutch football player and manager. He played for Netherlands national team.

Cruyff died of lung cancer. His son is football manager Jordi Cruyff. He is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.

Ajax

Barcelona

Feyenoord

Netherlands



Player


Manager





Om Shanti Om

Om Shanti Om (transl. Peace Be With You) is a 2007 Bollywood movie directed and choreographed by Farah Khan. It stars Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone in the lead roles while Shreyas Talpade, Arjun Rampal, and Kirron Kher feature in supporting roles. Arjun Rampal is the antagonist in the movie. This is the Bollywood debut of Deepika Padukone. This movie was released on November 9, 2007, and was a blockbuster. More than forty-two well-known Bollywood stars appear in the course of the movie, thirty-one of them (not including the stars of the movie) in one song alone. The song "Deewangi Deewangi" is also notable for that reason.

Om Prakash Makhija is a poor young boy who is a junior film artist in Bollywood and lives with his widowed mother Bela Makhija and close friend Pappu Master in a small chawl in Mumbai. He is in love with Shantipriya, a beautiful young woman who is a popular film actress in Bollywood. Om often expresses his feelings before Shanti's film poster and desires to meet her.

One night, he sneaks into the premiere of one of her films "Dreamy Girl" along with Pappu in disguise. Later that night, a drunk Om gives an emotional speech to Pappu as he dreams of becoming a great actor. Om and Pappu take small acting roles in films which are filmed at R.C. Studios, a major filming compound owned by Mukesh Mehra, a charming but egotistical person who is a wealthy and famous film producer.

While shooting one day, Shanti gets trapped in a fire that grows out of control during filming. Risking his life, Om jumps into the fire and rescues her. Shanti is grateful towards him, and the two become friends. Om lies to Shanti that he is a famous South-Indian actor to impress her. He even puts an act of the filming of his South-Indian film, but ultimately tells Shanti the truth of him being a small-time junior actor upon seeing her genuine fondness for him.

Shanti forgives Om and they spend a happy evening with each other, and she gifts him a snow globe. However, things take a turn when Om accidentally ends up overhearing a heated conversation between Shanti and Mukesh. He is shocked to discover that they have been married for two years but have not revealed it in public as that will ruin both of their careers. Shanti reveals to Mukesh that she is also pregnant with his child, leaving Om heartbroken. He avoids Shanti entirely.

The next night, Mukesh takes Shanti to the set of her upcoming film titled Om Shanti Om and tells her that they will cancel its production and have a grand marriage ceremony over there. Om reaches there to meet Shanti for the last time and return her snow globe but is dejected upon seeing her with Mukesh. He leaves from there and throws the snow globe in a fountain pond nearby. 

Meanwhile, Mukesh tells Shanti that his marriage with Shanti and the unborn child will destroy his successful career. In order to prevent that, he lights up the set with fire and locks a horrified Shanti in it, in order to kill her and the unborn child. As he exits the set, Om spots Shanti in the flames and attempts to go and rescue her but is attacked by Mukesh's guards, leaving him severely injured. After they leave, he manages to enter the set but is thrown out of the building by a big explosion. Om staggers on the road as the set burns down with Shanti in it.

Om is left devastated upon witnessing this and suddenly gets hit by the car of renowned actor Rajesh Kapoor. He takes him to a hospital with his pregnant wife Lovely Kapoor who is in labor. The serious injuries of Om result in his death while still reminiscing about Shanti. Rajesh's assistant Nasser asks his surgeon to keep this a secret from Bela and Pappu. Moments later, Rajesh and Lovely are blessed with a baby boy, and they name him Om Kapoor.

30 years later, Om Kapoor is shown as a rich young man who is a superstar in Bollywood. He is the rebirth of Om Prakash Makhija. He experiences Pyrophobia and often comes across Bela who believes him to be her son and tries to take him to her house. An aged Pappu tries to make her understand that he is someone else but she pays no heed to him. Om also ignores her and leaves thinking that she has gone crazy. 

He and his assistant Anwar Sheikh subsequently drive to the abandoned R.C. Studios for the filming of one of Om's films. Om recognizes the place and experiences some flashbacks of his previous life. He even finds Shanti's broken snow globe and is confused. That night, Om remembers the emotional speech he had given to Pappu in a drunken state when he wins the Filmfare Award for Best Actor. As he gives the same speech to the audience, Pappu watches his award function on TV and realizes that his friend is reborn as Om Kapoor. Meanwhile, a grand party is thrown for Om's success. Om remembers his whole previous life upon being visited by Mukesh, who now works in Hollywood and wishes to make a film with him.

Later that night, he traces Bela and Pappu and has an emotional reunion with them. The three plan to avenge Shanti's death by making Mukesh confess his crime.

The next day, Om manages to convince Mukesh to resume the filming of "Om Shanti Om" at the same ruined R.C. Studios. He auditions several actresses to find Shanti's look-alike but in vain. However, Om ends up coming across Sandhya aka Sandy, a ditzy but lovely girl who is an exact doppelganger of Shanti. He hires her without revealing his plan and ends up firing her as she is unable to act properly. On Pappu's advice, Om reveals his plan to Sandy who promises him that she will help him with his plan. 

At the inaugural ceremony of the "Om Shanti Om" set, Bela scares Mukesh in the disguise of an old witch, and Om and Pappu try to light Shanti's photograph on fire to remind him of his crime. Although the setup doesn't work, the photograph is supernaturally lit by fire which disturbs Mukesh and confuses Om and Pappu. Mukesh is more horrified when Sandy appears in front of him dressed as Shanti in a make-up room. Eventually, he decides to leave for America after seeing Shanti in the footage of "Om Shanti Om" but Om asks him to wait for some days. He eventually performs the story of Shanti's life through a song in front of Mukesh during the music launch of "Om Shanti Om". However, Mukesh discovers Sandy's real identity as her body bleeds due to an injury. Mukesh attempts to chase her but is knocked unconscious by a falling chandelier. 

After he regains consciousness, Om confronts him over his crime. Mukesh taunts him that he or his "duplicate Shanti" cannot convict him for the murder as there is no proof for it. Just then, Sandy reaches the scene. She reveals that after the fire in the set died down, Mukesh returned to the place. Shanti was still alive then, but he buried her alive under the chandelier. She concludes that Shanti's corpse will be found under the chandelier, which will be proof of her murder for the court. Mukesh denies her revelation and attempts to shoot her but Om attacks him and a fire breaks out on the set. He shoots him in his leg and is about to murder him but Sandy stops him, saying that Mukesh is destined to die but not in his hands. She looks at the chandelier which falls and strikes Mukesh dead. 

The next moment, Om is shocked when Pappu and Anwar reach the scene along with "Sandy". As he glances back at the one in front of him, he realizes that the one who had revealed the proof of Shanti's murder and killed Mukesh was the real Shanti,- the ghost of Shanti. She was responsible for lighting the photograph with fire and knocking Mukesh unconscious too, helping him in his plan. Om reunites with Sandy and waves at Shanti who tearfully smiles at him and disappears, having finally attained peace.

The film ends with all its cast and crew approaching the set of "Om Shanti Om" and the credits roll.




The film grossed more than 1 billion in India and $287 million in overseas and become All-time blockbuster movie in 2007 for one year. As of 2017, this film is 36th in the list of highest-grossing films.


Javier Saviola

Javier Saviola (born 11 December 1981) is a former Argentine football player who played in Argentina, Spain, France, Portugal, Greece, and Italy during his career.

He made 39 appearances for the Argentina national football team, scoring 11 goals.

Chemoautotroph

A chemoautotroph is an organism that uses inorganic energy sources for food. Then it puts together its own organic compounds using Adenosine triphosphate. Chemoautotrophs are mostly bacteria or archaea that live in hostile environments such as deep sea vents. They are the primary producers in such ecosystems.


Wayne's World

Wayne's World is a 1992 American comedy movie from Paramount Pictures, starring Mike Myers and Dana Carvey. It is based on a segment of the same name from television's "Saturday Night Live". It made more money than any other movie based on a SNL segment.

Kenny Dalglish

Sir Kenneth Mathieson "Kenny" Dalglish (born 4 March 1951) is a former Scottish football player and manager. He has played for Scotland national team.

204||112||30||11||60||35||28||9||322||167
355||118||36||13||59||27||51||11||501||169
559||230||66||24||119||62||79||20||823||336

!Total||102||30

Luis Oliveira

Luís Airton Barroso "Lulù" de Oliveira (born 24 March 1969) is a football manager and former player. He has played for Belgium national team.

Anderlecht

Fiorentina

Como

Individual

Lachlan River

The Lachlan River is an important river in central New South Wales, Australia.

The river starts in the central mountains of New South Wales, near Gunning. Other rivers that join the Lachlan River are the Boorowa River, the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River. They join the Lachlan near the town of Cowra. 

Wyangala Dam was built near Cowra to control the amount of water in the river. The Lachlan does not get its water from melting snow like the Murrumbidgee River or the Murray River. It does not have a regular amount of water flowing down it. In 1944 the flow was less than 1,000 megalitres (810 acre-feet). Six years later (1950) there was a flow of 10,900,000 megalitres (8.8 million acre feet). In dry years, for example April 1944 to April 1945, the Lachlan may have no water flowing in it at all. The Lachlan has flooded every 7 years since 1887 at Forbes.

The Lachlan River flows west and then south, finishes in the Great Cumbung swamp. This swamp is near Oxley between Hay and Balranald. Water from this big (500 km²) swamp finally goes into the Murrumbidgee River. Water from the Lachlan is used for farming.

The Lachlan river is in the area where the aboriginal people called the Wiradjuri lived. The Wiradjuri land has been called "the land of the three rivers, the Wambool (Macquarie), the Kalare (Lachlan) and the Murrumbidjeri (Murrumbidgee) . The Murray River was the south side of Wiradjuri land. The change from forest to open grassland was the east side."

The first European to find the Lachlan River in 1815 was Acting-Surveyor George William Evans. He named the river after Lachlan Macquarie, the Governor of New South Wales. The Lachlan River was explored by John Oxley in 1817.

In the early days of New South Wales, the south part of the Lachlan was known as "Fish River". With more exploration it was realized that two rivers were the same river and the name Fish River was dropped.

In 1870 the river flooded. The top of the flood water was measured at 15.9 metres at Cowra. Since 1887, the highest flood level at Forbes was in June 1952. The river got to 10.8m (35 feet 3 inches) at the Forbes Iron Bridge. More than 900 families had to move away. Many were saved from roof-tops by boat and helicopter. During the flood in August 1990, 132 houses in Forbes were flooded. The water covered their floors. Floods in 1992 were smaller than 1990, but Lachlan Valley farmers lost about 30 percent of their lucerne crops just before harvest. At least 500 sheep were drowned on farms in the Eugowra/Trundle area. Most of Eugowra's 400 residents were moved for safety. Other big floods were in: 1891, 1916, 1951, 1956, 1961, 1974, 1976, 1993, 1998.

Now indigenous and white people live on the Lachlan river.

More than 100,000 people live in the Lachlan area. 14% of NSW farm goods come from the area which is about 10% of NSW. 24 local governments look after the Lachlan area.

Major rivers that flow into the Lachlan


Towns along the Lachlan



Roberto Baggio

Roberto Baggio (; born 18 February 1967) is an Italian former footballer. He played for Italy national team.

Baggio is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time. He is known for being technically gifted, a creative playmaker, and for his accurate free kicks and dribbling skills. 

In 1993, he was named FIFA World Player of the Year and won the Ballon d'Or. In 2004, he was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 world's greatest living players.

Roberto Baggio was born in Caldogno, Veneto. He is the son of Matilda and Fiorindo Baggio, the sixth of eight siblings. His younger brother, Eddy Baggio, was also a professional footballer who played in Serie B.

Walter Winterbottom

Sir Walter Winterbottom (31 March 1913 – 16 February 2002) was an English footballer and manager. He was the first manager of the England national team. He played for Manchester United for 2 years.

Winterbottom died after an operation to remove cancer.

Boxing Day

Boxing Day is a public holiday in the United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand and Australia. It is also a holiday in many other countries in the Commonwealth of Nations. It is based on a long custom of giving gifts to poor people. It is usually celebrated on 26 December, the day after Christmas Day; In some countries the public holiday is moved to the next weekday if 26 December is a Saturday or Sunday.

In some countries, stores have sales on Boxing Day, similar to Black Friday sales in the United States. In the United Kingdom, many association football and rugby league games are played on Boxing Day. The King George VI Chase horse race in Surrey is also ran on this day. The IIHF World U20 Championship usually starts on this day.
Boxing Day is an old custom going back to the Middle Ages. The main feature is the giving of gifts to workers or to poor people. The name has many different histories. The term might have started in England. There, servants would get money or gifts on the day after Christmas. These gifts were called "Christmas boxes".

Dennis Bergkamp

Dennis Nicolaas Maria Bergkamp (; born 10 May 1969) is a Dutch professional football coach and former player who was most recently the Assistant manager of Ajax.

Bergkamp was named in FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living footballers made by Brazilian retired footballer Pelé.

Includes cup competitions: the KNVB Cup, Coppa Italia, Football League Cup and FA Cup. Super Cups such as the FA Community Shield are not included.

Ajax

Inter Milan

Arsenal

Individual


Fabien Barthez

Fabien Alain Barthez (born 28 June 1971) is a French racing driver and former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

Marseille

AS Monaco

Manchester United

France

Individual

Orders

Records


Civil Disobedience (Thoreau)

Civil Disobedience ("Resistance to Civil Government") is a text by Henry David Thoreau. It was first printed in 1849. It says that people should not allow a government to order them to do wrong things.

In 1848, Thoreau lectured at the Concord Lyceum (a place for people to meet and learn in the town of Concord, Massachusetts). The words of the lecture were later printed with the name "Resistance to Civil Government" in 1849. Now many people call it ""Civil Disobedience"" which means: "not doing what the government orders you to do."

In the early 1840s Thoreau stopped paying his "poll tax" (a tax that is the same amount for everybody). He was angry that the government used tax money to make people slaves and to war with Mexico. Thoreau did not want to help them do these things. In 1846 the tax agent put Thoreau in prison for one night. Thoreau wrote "Civil Disobedience" to say why he would not pay.

Thoreau says governments are more bad than good, and society without government would be more good. Letting people vote does not make government good, because people may vote for bad things. One person with their conscience (their feeling of right and wrong) may make decisions that are more good than decisions made by governments or by most of the people who vote.

Thoreau says the United States government, because it makes people slaves, cannot be his government. People should end such a government. To end a government is difficult, but because the government is so bad, we must end it anyway.

Most of the people Thoreau was talking to also did not like slavery or the war with Mexico. But Thoreau said they must do more than to dislike these things, or to vote against these things, or to hope these things will end. They must also stop supporting these things by paying taxes. If the government puts you in prison because you do not pay taxes, then it is good to be in prison because, if the government is bad, prison is the right place for good people. If the government attempted to put all good people in prison, the government would end first, and this would be a revolution of peace.

It is easier to be brave if you have less that the government can take from you. So Thoreau suggests that people own less, and that they value what is good and not value property only.

Indian leader Mohandas Gandhi (or Mahatma Gandhi) liked what Thoreau wrote. In 1907, when Gandhi was starting his first "satyagraha" fight in South Africa, he printed a short outline of "Civil Disobedience" that he wrote in an Indian language. He said that "Civil Disobedience" was the largest cause for the end of slavery in America, and that Indians in South Africa should learn from that example.

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. also liked what Thoreau wrote. In his autobiography, he wrote that Thoreau taught him that it is as important "not" to help bad people as it is to help good people. He said that Thoreau's lessons "came alive" in the civil rights movement.

Osvaldo Ardiles

Osvaldo Ardiles (born 3 August 1952) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

Huracán

Tottenham Hotspur

Argentina

Individual

Swindon Town

West Bromwich Albion

Shimizu S-Pulse

Yokohama F. Marinos

Tokyo Verdy

Individual

Lambing Flat

Lambing Flat was the name of a gold field in New South Wales, Australia. People were digging for gold at Lambing Flat in the 1860s. It was part of the Burrangong goldfields which also included Spring Creek, Stoney Creek, Back Creek, Wombat, Blackguard Gully, and Tipperary Gully. Burrangong is now the town of Young, New South Wales. Frank Gardiner, a bushranger, had a butcher shop at Lambing Flat. Ben Hall, who also became a bushranger, sold cattle to Gardiner for his shop.

Lambing Flat is most famous for an anti Chinese riot. This was just one of a number of riots on the Burrangong goldfields between November 1860 and September 1861. Several place names are sometimes used when talking about these events. Lambing Flat, the name which is name used most often, was a grass area where sheep were kept. It was where one of the more violent riots took place.

There were many things that made the European miners dislike the Chinese miners on the gold fields in the 1850s. Most of the trouble was the way Chinese miners looked for gold. The gold was alluvial gold, small pieces of gold mixed in with soil and clay close to the surface. It was found in very old river beds called "leads" which had been buried for thousands of years. Getting the gold did not need much skill, but it was hard work. European miners worked alone or in small groups. They often left one area of ground to dig in another where others had said there was more gold. Many gold miners did not make enough money to buy food and clothing. Only a few miners became rich.

The government began to tax the miners by making them pay for "Miner's Licence". They had to pay to be allowed to dig rather than pay for the gold they had found. The miners did not like this tax. There were several angry and violent protests in Victoria and New South Wales. The most famous was at the Eureka Stockade in Ballarat, Victoria where over 30 miners were killed.

The Chinese usually worked in large groups of 30 - 100 men. They were able to share the small amounts of gold they found. They looked for gold on land that other miners had searched before. The European miners thought that the land was still their land. The Chinese miners lived and worked together. Most of them had been farmers in China. They were used to long hours of hard work. They were used to basic food and houses. It has been said that they "rarely paid for the mining leases". They were happy to find a lot of small pieces of gold, instead of looking for one big piece that would make them rich.

The first public display of anti-Chinese feelings took place in Bendigo in July 1854. Some these displays were attempts to keep the Chinese from working on the goldfields. There were fights between European and Chinese miners at Daylesford and Castlemaine. A group of Chinese on their way to the Victorian goldfields found gold at Ararat. They were forced off the new goldfield by European miners. The same things were also taking place in New South Wales. European miners forced the Chinese off the diggings at Rocky River in New England in 1856. Serious fights took place Adelong in 1857 and Tambaroora in 1858. There was a big riot at the Buckland River goldfield near Beechworth in July 1857.

There were not many Chinese miners in New South Wales. Victoria had cut the number of Chinese arriving by making them pay a tax of £10 to enter Victoria. The Chinese were now starting to arrive in NSW instead. The government tried to stop the Chinese coming in 1858, but the parliament would not pass the new laws. In 1860 the Chinese and British governments signed the Convention of Peking. This meant that Chinese and British people would have the same rights in each country. Australia was a British colony, so could New South Wales keep out people from China? A new law, the Chinese Immigration Regulation Bill, was being talked about in Parliament when the first gold miners were getting to Burrangong.

Trouble began in 1860 with the starting of the Miners Protective League. The European miners held big meetings, called roll ups, to force the Chinese to leave the goldfields. They would put up signs telling the Chinese to leave. At first there was not a lot of trouble. Most of the Chinese moved to another part of the goldfield, with some going back soon after. This happened a few times over the next eight months. As long as the Chinese stayed in certain places on the goldfield at Burrangong, the European miners would put up with them.

The most well known riot took place on the night of 30 June, 1861. A group of about 3,000 miners marched to Lambing Flat led by a brass band and two men carrying the roll up banner. They forced the Chinese to leave Lambing Flat. Tents were set on fire and items belonging to the Chinese were smashed or stolen. They then went to the Back Creek diggings and set fire to more tents. Many of the Chinese were cruelly beaten, but no one was killed. About 1,200 Chinese left the area and set up camp near Roberts' farm at Currowang, 20km away. Two things started the riot. In Sydney the parliament did not pass the anti-Chinese laws. Also an untrue story went around the goldfields. The story said that a new group of 1,500 Chinese were on the road to Burrangong. The police got to Burrangong in the next few days. They arrested three of the leaders of the riot. The miners were angry and on the night of July 14, 1,000 miners attacked the police camp. The police fired their guns and rode their horses into the miners. One miner was killed and many were hurt.

The police were forced to leave. A group of 280 soldiers, sailors and extra police came from Sydney and stayed on the goldfields for a year. The Chinese came back and lived in a separate part of the diggings. The leaders of the riots were arrested and two were sent to gaol. At the end of the year, Burrangong was quiet and the Chinese were still there.


Lens

Lens can mean different things:



Lentil

The lentil or daal or pulse ("Lens culinaris") is a bushy annual plant of the legume family. It is a kind of vegetable, grown for its lens-shaped seeds. It is about 15 inches tall and the seeds grow in pods, usually with two seeds in each.

The plant came from the Middle East and was one of the first crops domesticated in the world. Humans started eating lentils before they invented ceramics.

With 26% protein, lentils have the highest level of protein of any plant after soybeans and hemp. Because of this and their high iron content, lentils are a very important part of the diet in many parts of the world, especially in India, which has many vegetarians.

There are different kinds of lentils, including a variety of large and small lentils. Lentils come in colors that range from yellow to red-orange to green, brown and black.

Lentils are sold in many forms, with or without the skins, whole or split. Red, white and yellow lentils are decorticated, i.e., they have their skins removed.

One variety of yellow "lentils", Chana, is in fact not a lentil, but is made from the kernels of chickpeas. Split Pigeon peas (either green or yellow) - that are actually considered pulses, which include peas and beans - are also sometimes referred to and sold as lentils. The urid bean is also called a "black lentil".


The seeds need very little cooking. This time is especially short for lentils with their husk removed, such as the common red lentil. Lentils have a distinctive earthy flavor. They are used to prepare an inexpensive and nutritious soup all over Europe and North and South America. Sometimes they are combined with some form of chicken or pork. They are frequently combined with rice, which has a similar cooking time. In the Middle East such a dish of lentils and rice is called "mujaddara" or "mejadra". Rice and lentils are also cooked together in khichdi, a popular Indian dish. Lentils are used throughout India, the Mediterranean regions and the Middle East. In rare cases the lentils are mixed with dairy cheese.

Many people in India are vegetarian and lentils have long been part of their diet as a common source of protein. Usually, lentils are boiled to a stew-like consistency with vegetables and then seasoned with a mixture of spices to make many side dishes such as sambar, rasam and dal, which are usually served over rice and roti.

When lentils are prepared, they are first inspected for damaged lentils, stones and other foreign matter. Then they are rinsed until the water runs through and comes out clear. Some prefer to soak the lentils for a longer time and discard the water. This removes substances that may cause indigestion. The lentils are then boiled in water or broth. They may be cooked on the stovetop, or in a slow cooker. Pressure cookers are not recommended, since the small lentils may clog the pressure relief valve, and their quick cooking time means there is little benefit from pressure cooking. Cooked lentils often require thinning: adding more hot water or broth to the cooked legumes until the desired final consistency is reached.

Lentils can be sprouted as can some beans and some other edible seeds (seeds people can eat). Seeds being sprouted are watered and rinsed repeatedly till they start to germinate (grow small roots and shoots). Sprouted lentils can be eaten raw on their own or in salads, they can also be cooked.

Apart from a high level of proteins, lentils also contain dietary fiber, vitamin B1, and minerals. Red (or pink) lentils contain a lower concentration of fiber than green lentils (11% rather than 31%). "Health" magazine has selected lentils as one of the five healthiest foods. Lentils are often mixed with grains, such as rice, which results in a complete protein dish.

In addition to providing slow-burning complex carbohydrates, lentils are one of the best vegetable sources of iron. This makes them an important part of a vegetarian diet, and useful for preventing iron deficiency. Iron is particularly important for adolescents, and menstruating or pregnant women.

Lentils are relatively tolerant to drought and are grown throughout the world. About half of the worldwide production of lentils is from India, most of which is consumed locally Canada is the largest export producer of lentils in the world and Saskatchewan is the most important producing region in Canada. The Palouse Region of Eastern Washington and the Idaho Panhandle, with its commercial center at Moscow, Idaho, is the most important producing region in the United States. The Food and Agriculture Organization estimates that world production of lentils was 3.2 million metric tons (MT) in 2003. Canada produced 520,000 MT and, according to the market analysis company STAT Communications, will likely export 400,000 MT during the 2003-04 marketing year, which runs from August to July. The FAO estimates world trade in lentils totalled 1.2 million MT in 2002, with Canada exporting 382,000 MT during the calendar year.

Lentils are mentioned many times in the Old Testament. In Jewish tradition they are considered as food for mourners, together with boiled eggs. The reason is that their round shape symbolizes the life cycle from birth to death.




La Gravelle

La Gravelle is a commune of 548 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Grazay

Grazay is a commune of 494 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Grez-en-Bouère

Grez-en-Bouère is a commune of 981 people (2004). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Philadelphia Soul

The Philadelphia Soul was an American football team in the Arena Football League. The team had played in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They are not to be confused with the Philadelphia Eagles. They were owned by Jon Bon Jovi and Ron Jaworski, a former player for the Philadelphia Eagles. They won the Arena Bowl in 2008. By 2019, however, all the teams ceased team operations and later the league folded due to bankruptcy.

La Haie-Traversaine

La Haie-Traversaine is a commune of 420 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Ham, Mayenne

Le Ham is a commune of 422 people (1999). It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Hambers

Hambers is a commune of 548 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Hardanges

Hardanges is a commune of 245 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Hercé

Hercé is a commune of 335 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Lehigh Valley IronPigs

The Lehigh Valley IronPigs are a Minor League Baseball team from Allentown, Pennsylvania. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The IronPigs are partnered with the Philadelphia Phillies, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Phillies.

The team is named "IronPigs" because the Lehigh Valley, the region where the team plays, is famous for making steel, which is made with pig iron.

The IronPigs play at a stadium called Coca-Cola Park, which opened in 2008. It has seats for over 8,000 people, with enough room for over 10,000 people. It cost more than US$50 million to build.


Le Horps

Le Horps is a commune of 734 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The current mayor is Gérard Dujarrier.

Houssay, Mayenne

Houssay is a commune of 363 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Housseau-Brétignolles

Le Housseau-Brétignolles is a commune of 212 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

L'Huisserie

L'Huisserie is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France. The Jouanne river is in L'Huisserie.

The D1 and D910 roads pass through L'Huisserie.

Izé

Izé is a commune of 477 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Javron-les-Chapelles

Javron-les-Chapelles is a commune of 1,473 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Jack Bauer

Jack Bauer is the main character in the television series "24". He works at the Counter Terrorist Unit as a field agent. 


Jublains

Jublains is a commune of 699 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. It is an old Roman town called Noviodunum. It includes:

Juvigné

Juvigné is a commune of 1,340 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Laigné

Laigné is a former commune of 674 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Prée-d'Anjou.

Christine Schürrer

Christine Schürrer, (born 30 June 1976 in Hannover) is a German criminal. On March 17, 2008, she murdered two Swedish children and seriously injured their mother after attacking them in their Arboga, Sweden home. The reason for the murders has been identified as jealousy as Christine had dated the children's stepfather on a holiday in 2006. 

On August 26, 2008, Christine was found guilty of the murders and the assault on the mother.

Kampen, Netherlands

Kampen is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 54,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies both in Salland, Kop van Overijssel and IJsselvallei regions.

It is home of football team DOS Kampen.

The city of Kampen lies on the western side of the IJssel river. On the other side lies IJsselmuiden, which is the second largest settlement in the municipality of Kampen.

Kampen received city rights in 1236. It joined the Hanseatic League around 1440 and used to be an important port. Kampen has one of the old town centres in best condition of the Netherlands.


The sister cities of Kampen are:




Landivy

Landivy is a commune of 1,286 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Larchamp, Mayenne

Larchamp is a commune of 1,017 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Spiro Mounds

Spiro Mounds is an archaeological site run by the Oklahoma Historical Society and open to the public. It is in Eastern Oklahoma, near the modern town of Spiro. It is one of the most important pre-Columbian sites in the United States. 


Lassay-les-Châteaux

Lassay-les-Châteaux is a commune of 2,532 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. There is also a 15th-century castle that you can visit.

Laubrières

Laubrières is a commune of 248 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Launay-Villiers

Launay-Villiers is a commune of 350 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Lesbois

Lesbois is a commune of 203 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Levaré

Levaré is a commune of 358 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Lignières-Orgères

Lignières-Orgères is a commune of 735 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Livet

Livet is a commune of 111 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Livré-la-Touche

Livré-la-Touche is a commune of 787 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Loigné-sur-Mayenne

Loigné-sur-Mayenne is a former commune of 704 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of La Roche-Neuville.

Loiron

Loiron is a former commune of 1,273 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Loiron-Ruillé.

Longuefuye

Longuefuye is a former commune of 274 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Gennes-Longuefuye.

1968–69 NHL season

The 1968–69 NHL season was the 52nd season of the National Hockey League. Twelve teams each played 76 games (two more than in 1967–68). For the second time in a row, the Montreal Canadiens faced the St. Louis Blues in the Stanley Cup finals. Montreal won for their second Stanley Cup in a row as they swept the Blues in four, which was exactly the same result of the previous season.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

Loire River

The Loire River is the longest river in France. It is 1,006 km long. It originates in the Massif Central. Its mouth is near Nantes by the Atlantic Ocean. The Loire gives its name to 6 French departments. For years, the Loire was very important for France's commerce. When the railway developed in the 19th century, it put an end to its importance.

The Loire's tributaries include the following rivers, in order going upstream:

Massif Central

The Massif Central is a high region in south-central France. It has mountains and plateaux. It covers 15% of the country. The geological history of the massif is complicated. It is very ancient, and many things have happened to it.

The Massif Central is an ancient massif. It was formed during the Variscan orogeny, consisting mostly of granitic and metamorphic rocks. It looks younger in the East because the Alps uplifted during the Paleogene period. The crystalline base of the Massif is Proterozoic, and so is older than most types of life. 

Many extinct volcanos are there. It has the largest concentration in the world, with 450 volcanos. The Auvergne Volcanoes National Park is in the massif. The Massif is separated from the Alps by the valley of the Rhone.

These departments are usually considered as part of the Massif Central: Allier, Ardèche, Aveyron, Cantal, Corrèze, Creuse, Haute-Loire, Haute-Vienne, Loire, Lot, Lozère, and Puy-de-Dôme.

Here are some well-known mountains in the massif central:

The Massif Central is an important mountain range in France. The Alps, the Pyrénées, and Corsica are higher; Jura, Vosges, Morvan and Ardennes are lower.

Furius ISO Mount

Furius ISO Mount is a program to mount and burn iso files.


Tiktaalik

Tiktaalik is a genus of extinct fish. This sarcopterygian (lobe-finned) fish from the later Devonian has many features similar to those of tetrapods (four-legged animals).

"Tiktaalik" lived about 375 million years ago. It is part of the transition between fish such as "Panderichthys", known from fossils 380 million years old, and early tetrapods such as "Acanthostega" and "Ichthyostega", known from fossils about 365 million years old. Its mixture of basal fish and derived tetrapod characteristics led one of its discoverers, Neil Shubin, to call "Tiktaalik" a 'fishapod'.

This, and other species like it, prove that legs started to develop before these animals were land-based. They were shallow-water carnivorous fish, or fishapods. "Tiktaalik" was therefore a transitional fossil, and an example of mosaic evolution.


Game (hunting)

Game is any animal hunted for food or not normally domesticated. Small birds, ground game (such as squirrels and rabbits), and big game (such as deer and moose) are usually hunted. Game animals are also hunted for sport. In Britain, "game birds" usually means partridge, grouse, and quail. Today, most countries have game laws. In some countries hunting is a part of well preserved tradition that is kept alive as a part of national identity. 

Polarity

In physics, polarity describes an attribute that can usually have two values:

Chemical polarity is a feature of chemical bonds, where two different atoms in the same molecule have different electronegativity. As a result, the electrons in the bond are not shared equally by the two atoms. This causes an asymmetrical (polar) electric field. Molecular covalent bonds can be described as polar or nonpolar. Entire molecules can also be described as polar.

Johnny Shines

Johnny Shines (April 26, 1915 – April 20, 1992) was an American blues singer and guitarist.

He was called John Ned Shines when he was born, in Frayser, Tennessee. He spent most of his childhood in Memphis playing slide guitar for money on the streets. He listened to and was inspired by Blind Lemon Jefferson and Howlin’ Wolf, but he was taught to play the guitar by his mother. Shines moved to Hughes, Arkansas in 1932 and worked on farms for three years. "First time I came to Helena was 1932, I think it was. That's the time I met Robert the first time." When he met Robert Johnson, his greatest influence, that gave him inspiration to return to music. In 1935, Shines began playing with Johnson around the south and heading as far north as Ontario where they appeared on a local radio program. The two split up in 1937, one year before Johnson died. "He (Johnson) was alright to travel with, he was a good companion to travel with, 'cos he talked a lot and I didn't."

Shines played more in the U.S. South until 1941 when he decided to go back to Canada and then to Africa. He never made it past Chicago. In Chicago, Shines found work in the construction trade and continued to play in bars.

He made his first recording in 1946 for Columbia Records, but the music was never released. He later recorded for Chess was still the music was never released. He kept playing with blues musicians in the Chicago area for several more years. In 1952, Shines recorded for J.O.B. Records record label. The recordings were a failure and Shines sold his guitar and went back to construction.

In 1966, Vanguard Records found Shines taking photographs in a Chicago blues club and had him record tracks for the third installment of "Chicago/The Blues/Today!" The album has since then become a blues classic.

Shines played with the Chicago All Stars and Lee Jackson, Big Walter Horton and Willie Dixon. In the late 1960s and 1970s, Shines played with Robert Johnson's stepson, Robert Lockwood, Jr.. In 1980, Shines stopped played after he suffered a stroke. He managed to release one last album, "Back To The Country".

In 1989, Shines met a young, blues player called Kent Duchaine, and the two of them played together for the next several years until Shines died.

Shines died on April 20, 1992, in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. He was put into the Blues Hall of Fame later the same year.



Oklahoma State University

Oklahoma State University is a public university in Stillwater, Oklahoma.

Oklahoma State's men's athletic teams are called the Cowboys. The women's athletic teams are called the Cowgirls. Oklahoma State has 16 varsity teams. They compete in the Big 12 Conference.

Mexico, Illinois

Mexico (formerly, Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Cabbegeville) is an unincorporated community, in Cook County, Illinois. It lies at an elevation of 597 feet (182 m).

Oregon Trail

People traveled on the Oregon Trail in wagons in order to settle new parts of the United States of America during the 19th century. The Oregon Trail started in Missouri near the area where Kansas City, Missouri is today and ended in the Willamette Valley in Oregon. The Trail was about 2,170 miles (3,500 km) long, and could take up to six months to travel.

People went to Oregon for many reasons. Some people wanted land. Some thought Oregon would be a better place to live. Most of them went because they wanted a new life.

The Oregon Trail was first traveled around 1841. Once a railroad was built across the United States in 1869, people could take trains to the western United States, so fewer people began to travel west in wagons. By that time, about 400,000 people had crossed the Oregon Trail in wagons. However, some people kept traveling the Trail until the 1880s.

Nobody traveled the Oregon Trail alone. Instead, travelers formed groups so they could help and protect each other. Often, relatives or people from the same town would travel together. They would hire a guide that knew the Trail and would elect leaders. The groups that did best on the Trail wrote constitutions or rules that they could use to settle disagreements or problems on the Trail.

People who traveled the Oregon Trail could use three types of animals to pull their wagons: oxen, mules, or horses. Most people used oxen. They were less expensive than horses and mules, and also less stubborn than mules.

They could eat grass along the Trail, unlike horses, who needed grains when they were working. Oxen were easy to train, and they usually traveled at a steady pace of 2 miles per hour, even in mud and snow.

It was very important for travelers to carry enough food and water for the trip. However, food for the trip was expensive. To feed four people for six months, food would cost about $150 - over $4,500 in today's dollars.
Travelers often brought along a lot of dried meat and "bread stuff" (like flour, crackers, and hardtack). Boiling water was difficult on the Trail, so cooking was not always possible. Some travelers also brought other foods, like rice, peas, dried beans, or dried fruit.

Along the Trail, travelers could fish and hunt for food. Bison, antelope, and deer were the best animals to hunt for food. Travelers also ate berries that grew along the Trail, partly to help prevent scurvy.

Most travelers used covered wagons to travel the Trail. There were a few different styles of covered wagons. One common style, called the "Independence-style" wagon, was usually about 11 feet long, four feet wide, and two feet deep. Pieces of wood held up a cover, made of something like dried ox skin, that rose about five feet above the bottom of the wagon.

There were many dangers along the Oregon Trail, including disease, bad weather, drowning during river crossings, attacks by Native Americans, and many others.

It is difficult to know how many people died along the Oregon Trail. Many travelers would bury their dead in unmarked graves and would disguise the graves. For example, they would bury people right in the middle of a trail and then have their oxen run over the graves. They did this so that animals and robbers would not dig up the graves. Because of this, historians can only estimate the total number of people who died along the Oregon Trail.

Disease was the most common cause of death on the Trail. While travelers usually brought some medicines with them, they usually were not very helpful.

Cholera was the most common illness and cause of death on the Trail. From 1849-1855, there was a cholera epidemic along the trail. Up to 3% of all travelers during this time may have died from cholera. One of the causes of the epidemic was that there was no sanitation along the Trail.
For example, travelers liked to camp along the Platte River in Colorado, so they could easily get fresh water. However, as thousands of travelers used the same campsites over and over again, sewage from travelers with cholera got into the Platte River. After this, any traveler that drank water from the Platte River, or made food with that water, could get cholera. Often, cholera's symptoms would be so bad that travelers would die within 12 hours of getting sick.

Other diseases common on the Trail included:

The travelers used turpentine (a poison), vinegar, and whiskey to treat headaches, muscle pain, and coughs.

Historians do not agree on how many people died from disease along the Trail. One historian, John Unruh, estimates that 6,000 to 12,500 travelers died from disease on the Trail, and another 300-500 died specifically from scurvy. However, the United States National Park Service says that as many as 30,000 people may have died from disease along the Trail.

There were many other dangers along the Trail. John Unruh estimates the number of people who died from these other dangers:

Unruh estimates that 4 percent of the Oregon Trail travelers died: 16,000 out of 400,000 total travelers. However, the National Park Service says:
"The Oregon Trail is this nation’s longest graveyard. Nearly one in ten [travelers] who set off on the trail did not survive."

A usual day on the Trail started very early, just before dawn. Nobody actually rode in the wagons unless they were sick or very young. The ride was too bumpy, too dusty, and added too much work for the oxen. Instead, people walked beside their wagons. Usually, groups traveled almost all day, except for an hour around noon for lunch. Then they kept moving until just before sunset, when they would stop to set up a campsite. Most groups traveled about 15 miles per day, though on the best days they could move 20 miles a day. Since oxen moved at about 2 miles per hour, this meant a day's travel could last up to ten hours.

About 40,000 of the travelers were children. Unless they were babies, they walked alongside the wagons and worked just like adults. Their jobs included herding animals, driving wagons, washing dishes, helping with meals, watching younger children, and collecting firewood and "buffalo chips" (dry buffalo manure, which could be used to start fires if there was no firewood).

At night, the group would move the wagons into a circle ("circle the wagons") and put their animals inside the circle. This kept them from wandering away, or being killed or stolen. If the weather was dry, people slept outside. If it was wet, people slept under their wagons.

Many travelers were very afraid of attacks from Native Americans. However, most Native Americans left the travelers alone, or even helped them by trading with them and helping them cross rivers in canoes. When Native Americans did attack travelers, the stories were told over and over again, which may have made attacks seem more common than they actually were.

Travelers who did reach Oregon looked back on the Trail with different feelings. One man named Loren Hastings said in 1847: 
"I look back upon the long, dangerous and precarious emigrant road with a degree of romance and pleasure; but to others it is the graveyard of their friends."

In the 1970s, three student teachers in Minnesota made an educational computer game based on the Oregon Trail. The goal of the game was to successfully travel the trail from Independence, Missouri to Oregon City, Oregon. Dangers of the trail included river crossings, illnesses, sick oxen, and hunger. Over the next two decades, new versions of the game were made that added more options and included better graphics. The second version included zombies and oxen. The goal was to survive as long as you can before you die.

Emancipation Proclamation

The Emancipation Proclamation was an order by U.S. President Abraham Lincoln to free slaves in 10 states. It applied to slaves in the states still in rebellion in 1863 during the American Civil War. It did not actually immediately free all slaves in those states, because they were still controlled by the Confederacy. It did, however, free at least 20,000 slaves immediately, and nearly all 4 million slaves (according to the 1860 United States census) as the Union army advanced into Confederate states. Until the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1865, only the states had power to end slavery within their own borders. Lincoln issued the Proclamation as a war measure in his role as commander-in-chief. 

The Proclamation made emancipation a goal of the Civil War. It also weakened efforts within England and France to officially recognize the Confederacy. As Union troops advanced into Rebel (Confederate) territory, they freed thousands of slaves per day. Many did not wait, but fled their owners to claim their freedom. 

Five slave states (the Border States) had remained loyal to the Union and were not at war with the federal government. The Proclamation also did not apply to Tennessee, nor to areas within Virginia and Louisiana which Union forces already controlled. 

The Proclamation was issued in two parts. On September 22, 1862, Lincoln said that in 100 days, he would free all slaves in areas not then under Union control. On January 1, 1863, he named the ten states in which the proclamation would then apply: Texas, South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Virginia, Florida, and Louisiana. The five border states where slavery was still legal were exempt, and so not named, because they had remained loyal to the Union and were not in rebellion. Tennessee also was not named because Union forces had already regained control there. Several counties of Virginia that were in the process of separating from that state to form the new state of West Virginia were specifically named as exemptions, as were several parishes around New Orleans in Louisiana. The next paragraph is part of a quote from the Emancipation Proclamation.

Only a small number of slaves already behind Union lines were immediately freed. As Union forces advanced, nearly all four million slaves were freed. Some former slaves joined the Union army.

Before the war was over, some of the exempted border states ended slavery within their own borders. While the Proclamation had freed slaves, it had not made slavery illegal. Lincoln sponsored a constitutional amendment to ban slavery. The Thirteenth Amendment, which made slavery illegal everywhere in the United States, was passed late in 1865, eight months after Lincoln was killed.



Brooklyn Bridge

The Brooklyn Bridge is one of the oldest suspension bridges in the United States. It is long. The bridge goes over the East River. It connects the New York City boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn. It is one of the leading landmarks of New York City.

The bridge was built from 1869 to 1883. It was the first fixed crossing of the East River. It was designed by John Roebling. The construction was directed by his son Washington Roebling and Washington's wife, Emily. When it was finished, it was the tallest structure in North America.

The bridge is an official landmark. It has been a National Historic Landmark since 1964. It became a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 1972.

Notes

Shelf life

Shelf life is length of time that food can be stored safely. Food cannot be kept forever. After a certain time it may go bad. . Shelf life is also used for drugs, drinks and other things that can go bad or out of date. The words are also used as a metaphor for other things which have been around too long.

In some countries, a "best before", "use by" or "freshness date" must be put on packaged foods. During this time, if the food is kept under proper conditions the quality of the food does not change. Frozen food that does not remain frozen will go bad earlier, for example. These labels do not guarantee the safety of food. They should only be used as a guide.

Shelf life is different from "expiration date". Shelf life is linked to food quality, expiration date to food safety. Something that has passed its shelf life might still be safe, but quality is no longer guaranteed. In most food stores, shelf life is controlled by using stock rotation. This means moving products with the earliest sell by date to the front of the shelf, so that most shoppers will pick them up first and take them out of the store. Stores can be fined for selling out of date products. Shops may have to mark such products down as wasted, leading to a loss of profit.

Shelf life can be changed by many things: exposure to light, heat, gases (including humidity), mechanical stresses, and contamination by things such as micro-organisms.

Product quality is often modelled using only one parameter, for example the concentration of a chemical substance, a microbiological index, or a physical parameter. Sometimes, the parameter picked is not significant.

The shelf life is an important factor to health. Bacteria are everywhere, and foods left unused too long will often get large amounts of bacteria living in them. It may be dangerous to eat them and lead to food poisoning. The shelf life itself cannot always tell how safe it is to eat a certain item of food. For example, pasteurized milk can remain fresh for five days after its sell-by date if it is refrigerated properly. In contrast, if milk already has harmful bacteria, the use-by dates do not matter.

For drugs the situation is different. If drugs are used within the expiration date, the manufacturer guarantees that they work as expected. After that date, they may still work, but they are no longer guaranteed. A study done by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs, prescription and over-the-counter. About 90% of them were safe and effective as far as 15 years past their expiration date. Joel Davis, a former FDA expiration-date compliance chief, said that with a handful of exceptions - notably nitroglycerin, insulin and some liquid antibiotics - most expired drugs are probably effective.

Preservatives and antioxidants may be put into some food and drug products to make their shelf life longer. Some companies use induction sealing and vacuum pouches to add to the shelf life of their products. Some things can be controlled by provisions in the packaging. For example, the amber bottle used for many beers blocks damaging wavelengths of light. Transparent beer bottles do not. Packaging with barrier materials (e.g., (low moisture vapor transmission rate, etc.) extends the shelf life of some foods and pharmaceuticals.

Nearly all chemical reactions will occur at common temperatures. Examples are the breakdown of many chemical explosives into more unstable compounds. Nitroglycerine is notorious. Old explosives are more dangerous (i.e., liable to be triggered to explode by very small disturbances) than more recently manufactured explosives. Rubber products also degrade as sulphur bonds induced during vulcanization revert; this is why old rubber bands and other rubber products soften and get sticky as they age.

These processes happen more quickly at higher temperatures. The usually quoted rule of thumb is that chemical reactions double their rate for each temperature increase of 10 Celsius degrees (C°) . As with all rules of thumb, there are many assumptions. This particular one is most applicable to reactions with activation energy values around 50 kJ/mole. Many of these are important at the usual temperatures we encounter. It is often applied in shelf life estimation, sometimes wrongly. There is a widespread impression. for instance in industry, that "triple time" can be simulated in practice by increasing the temperature by 15 C°, e.g. storing a product for one month at 35 °C simulates three months at 20 °C. There is enough variation that this practical rule cannot be relied upon .

The reactions needed to feed and reproduce bacteria and fungi increase at higher temperatures, up to the point that the proteins and other compounds in their cells themselves begin to breakdown, or denature, so quickly that they cannot be replaced. This is the reason high temperatures kill bacteria and other micro organisms; 'tissue' breakdown reactions reach such rates that they cannot be compensated for and the cell dies. On the other hand, 'elevated' temperatures short of these result in increased growth and reproduction; if the organism is harmful, perhaps to dangerous levels.

Just as temperature increase speeds up reactions, temperature decreases reduce them. Therefore, to make explosives stable for longer periods, or to keep rubber bands springy, or to force bacteria to slow down their growth, they can be cooled. This is the reason shelf life is generally extended by temperature control: (refrigeration, insulated shipping containers, controlled cold chain, etc.) and the reason some medicines and foods "must" be refrigerated.

"Best before" is sometimes put on food and drink wrappers, followed by a date. It shows the date before which the supplier intended the food should be consumed. The term "best before" is also used to show the date by which the item will have outlived its shelf life, and is intended to ensure that customers will not unwittingly purchase or eat stale food. Sometimes the packaging process involves using pre-printed labels, making it impractical to write the "best before" date in a clearly visible location. In this case, a term like "best before see bottom" or "best before see lid" might be printed on the label and the date marked in a different location as indicated.

"Best Before" is usually advisory and refers to the quality of the product. "Use By" which indicates that the product is no longer safe after the specified date.

Generally, foods that have a "use by" date written on the packaging must not be eaten after it has expired. This is because such foods usually go bad quickly and may be dangerous to eat. It is also important to follow storage instructions carefully for these foods (for example, product must be refrigerated).

Foods that have a "best before" date are usually safe to eat after the date has passed, although they may not be as good either in flavour, texture, appearance or nutrition.

Bathroom products/toiletries usually state a time in months by which, once the product is opened, they should be used. This is often indicated by a graphic of an open tub, with the number of months written inside (e.g., "12M" means use the product within 12 months of opening).

"Open Dating" is the use of a date or code stamped on the package of a food product to help determine how long to display the product for sale. It is also helpful to the customer and ensures that the product is at its best quality when bought. An Open Date does not supersede a Use by date, which should still be followed.

These dates are meant to help keep track of the stock in stores. Food that has passed its "sell by" or "display until" date, but is still within its use by / best before can still be eaten, if it has been stored correctly. It is common practice in large stores to throw away such food, as it makes the stock control process easier. It also reduces the risk of customers buying food without looking at the date, only to find out the next day that they cannot use it. Changing the posted date is illegal in many countries.

Most stores will rotate stock by moving the products with the earliest dates to the front of shelving units, which allows them to be sold first and saving them from having to be either marked down or thrown away, both of which contribute to a loss of profit.

It is also common for food approaching the use by date to be reduced in price for quick sale, with greater reductions the closer to the use by date it gets.

In a metaphorical sense, much software also has a shelf life. Most software products are released to market with defects, security vulnerabilities, and design flaws. Over time, some of these are discovered and patches issued which fix bugs and add functionality. The result is that, after some time, the software application is rather different than it was at first release, even with the same version level. Since correct inclusion of patches at end user sites is spotty, the actual population of that software application in the field is quite varied; some will have patches 1 and 2, others 1, 2, and 3, some others none, in all possible variations. This increases support difficulty. There have been a few attempts to address this. One commercial attempt is from Preemptive.

The Food & Drug Administration, which controls packaged foods and drugs, only requires a use-by, or expiration, date on infant formula and some baby foods. That's because formula must contain a certain quantity of each nutrient that is described on the label. If formula is stored too long, it loses its nutritional quality. It also separates or form lumps that will clog the bottle nipple. Except for infant formula and some baby foods, product dating is not required by federal regulations.

The Agriculture Dept., which controls fresh produce and meats, only requires labeling of the date when poultry is packed at the farm. However, many manufacturers are allowed to also add sell-by or use-by dates. 

A "freshness date" is the date used in the American brewing industry to indicate either the date the beer was bottled or the date before which the beer should be consumed.

Beer does not keep forever. It can be affected by light, air, or the action of bacteria. Although beer in the USA does not have to have a shelf life, freshness dates serve much the same purpose and are a marketing tool.

The Boston Beer Company, maker of Samuel Adams, was among the first to start adding freshness dates to their product line in 1985. For ten years there was a slow growth in brewers adding freshness dates to their beer. The practice rapidly grew in popularity after the Anheuser-Busch company's heavily marketed "Born-On dates" starting in 1996. Many other brewers started adding freshness dates to their products, but there is no standard for what the date means. For some companies, the date on the bottle or can will be the date that the beer was bottled; others have the date by which the beer should be consumed.

Before a beer is bottled, it is processed to make its shelf life longer. This can change the beer's freshness date. It may be done in several ways, not all of which will be used by a particular brewery:




Red card

A red card in sport is a punishment to a player of a team. It is usually given to a player who has broken the rules of the game.

In football rules, a red card means that the player is sent off the field, and is not allowed to play in the rest of the match. A player with a red card is automatically banned from his team's next game. In some cases, the player may be banned for multiple games.

WWE Women's Championship (1956–2010)

The World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Women's Championship was an official championship in World Wrestling Entertainment fought for by divas. The title was unified with the WWE Diva's Championship.

The WWE Women's Championship has descended from the National Wrestling Alliance World Women's Championship when The Fabulous Moolah became champion and held the title close to 30 years. The Title became inactive in 1990 when Rockin' Robin left the WWF. In 1993 Alundra Blayze won the title. However it became Inactive after Alundra Blayze dropped the title into a garbage can live on WCW Monday Nitro. This incident forced her to give up the title.

The WWE Women's Championship was then reactivated in September 1998 when Jacqueline Moore won a match against Sable.

Currently Michelle McCool, Mickie James, Melina Perez and Beth Phoenix are the only divas in the history of the WWE to hold both the WWE Women's Championship and WWE Divas Championship.

The final champion was Layla El who defeated Beth Phoenix in a two-on-one handicap match with Michelle McCool on Smackdown and McCool self-proclaimed herself as the co-Women's Champion. The title was unified with the WWE Diva's Championship on September 19, 2010 and retired.


Notes

KWord

KWord is a free word processor, a part of the KOffice project and of the K Desktop Environment.

The text-layout scheme in KWord is based on frames, making it look like Adobe FrameMaker. These can be placed anywhere on the page, and can include text, graphics and embedded objects. Each new page is a new frame, but the text is able to flow through KWord’s ability to link frames together. The use of frames means that complex graphical layouts can be achieved easily in KWord.

KWord was created as part of the KOffice project in 1998 using some ideas from FrameMaker such as the frames approach. The first author said that the application and its code were not the best since it was his first object-oriented application.

In 2000 the KWord application was created in a way that made it very hard to fix problems and nobody was working on the problems anymore. There had not been any official release of the application in all this time. In the same year a new maintainer started working on the application and over the duration of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 they worked to fix any problems in the code of the application.



1964–65 NHL season

The 1964–65 NHL season was the 48th season of the National Hockey League. Six teams each played 70 games. Jean Beliveau was the winner of the newly introduced Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player during the playoffs. The Montreal Canadiens won their first Stanley Cup since 1960 as they were victorious over the Chicago Black Hawks in a seven-game final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
For the third straight playoffs, it was Montreal vs. Toronto and Detroit vs. Chicago in the first round. The Canadiens came beat the Leafs in six games, while the Hawks beat the Wings in seven.


Nation of Islam

The Nation of Islam is an African-American ethno-nationalist and religious group. It was founded in Detroit, Michigan, in 1930 by Master Farad Muhammad and re-founded in 1977 under the leadership of Louis Farrakhan. The original group founded in the 1930s changed its name to American Society of Muslims, which rejected many of its original beliefs, including black separatism. The main goal of the Nation of Islam is to bring back the spiritual, mental, social and economic condition of blacks in the United States. Since 1981, the group has been led by Louis Farrakhan. Malcolm X also was a member.

The current headquarters for the Nation of Islam is in Chicago, Illinois. The Nation of Islam is currently lead by the Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan through the teachings of the Most Honorable Elijah Muhammad. Elijah Muhammad met Master Farad Muhammad and was directly given lost knowledge to rebuild the children of slavery and bring them back to their original selves.

The Nation of Islam combines a number of religious doctrines and beliefs, primarily Islam and Dianetics. In their literature, they profess their belief in the oneness of Allah ("tawhid)" and the Qur'an. They celebrate Ramadan, Eid al-Fitr and Eid al-Adha. Unlike orthodox Islam, they celebrate Ramadan in the winter. Their places of worship are called mosques. They also pray five times a day, although unlike in orthodox Islam, they pray in English, not Arabic. 

In addition to these Islamic beliefs and practices, the theology Nation of Islam also promotes and includes non-traditional religious beliefs. Although their contemporary website highlights their belief in the oneness of God, other sources produced by the Nation of Islam highlight their beliefs in many Gods as well. For example, Master Farad, the founder of the Nation of Islam is also considered "God in person". This is a belief that would be strongly refuted in traditional Islamic teaching. They also believe that Allah is a black man and that each cycle of history is ruled by a different God, who dies once his cycle is over. 

The flag of the Nation of Islam has the symbols of the sun, moon, and the stars. It represents the universe. It is also a banner of universal peace and harmony.


World Tag Team Championship (WWE)

The World Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team championship in World Wrestling Entertainment. It was the original world tag team title of WWE. In 2009 it was with the WWE Tag Team Championship to make up the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship. It was retired in 2010. The last champions were The Hart Dynasty (David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd). 

The championship was first introduced into the then "World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF)" in 1971. Following its introduction into the WWWF Luke Graham and Tarzan Tyler became the first "WWWF Tag Team Champions" on June 3. In 1979 the title became known as the "World Wrestling Federation (WWF) Tag Team Championship" when the promotion renamed itself "World Wrestling Federation."

In 2001 at the Survivor Series Pay-per-view during the Invasion storyline, The Hardy Boyz, Matt Hardy and Jeff Hardy who were the current "World Tag Team Champions" and were competing for the "WWF" took on The Dudley Boyz, Bubba Ray Dudley and D-Von Dudley who were the current WCW World Tag Team Champions and were competing for "The Alliance" in a title unification match inside a Steel Cage, The Dudleyz defeated The Hardyz and were named the last WCW Tag Team Champions while also becoming the "WWF Tag Team Champions"

After the WWF/WWE name change in 2002, the championship was referred to as the "World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Tag Team Championship". After a period where the championship was to be freely defended on either WWE Monday Night Raw or WWE SmackDown! the championship became exclusive to the Raw brand and was renamed "World Tag Team Championship". The General Manager at this time, Stephanie McMahon created new WWE Tag Team Titles which were to be exclusive to the SmackDown! Brand.

At WrestleMania 25, The Colóns (Primo and Carlito) defeated WWE Tag Team Champions The Miz and John Morrison to unify both championships (which also meant it could be defended on all three brands: Raw, SmackDown and ECW). On August 16, 2010, the World Tag Team Championship was retired in favor of continuing the WWE Tag Team Championship (which then lost the "unified" name) with Bret Hart presenting new championship belts to the final World Tag Team Champions, The Hart Dynasty (David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd).
There have been a total of 113 recognized teams and 164 recognized individual champions, who have had a combined 176 official reigns. The team with the most reigns is The Dudley Boyz with eight. Edge has the most individual reigns with 12. Two tag teams have held the titles for 365 or more days: Demolition (Ax and Smash), whose first reign set the record at 478 days and The Valiant Brothers (Jerry and Johnny Valiant). Demolition is also the team with the longest combined reign at 698 days, while Mr. Fuji has the longest combined reign as an individual at 932 days.

WrestleMania III

WrestleMania III was the third yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). The event was held on March 29, 1987 at the Pontiac Silverdome in Pontiac, Michigan.

The event is particularly notable for the record attendance of 93,173, the largest recorded attendance for a live indoor sporting event in North America. Though differing numbers have been argued, the event is considered to be the pinnacle of the 1980s wrestling boom. Almost one million fans watched the event at 160 closed circuit locations in North America. The number of people watching via pay-per-view was estimated at several million, and pay-per-view revenues were estimated at $10 million.


WrestleMania 2

WrestleMania 2 was the second annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (although the first WrestleMania was only on pay-per-view in select areas). It took place on April 7, 1986 at three venues: the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York, the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois, and the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena in Los Angeles, California.

Arthur Mutambara

Arthur Guseni Oliver Mutambara (born 25 May 1966) is a Zimbabwean politician. He became the President of a faction of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) in February 2006. He has worked as the Managing Director and CEO of Africa Technology and Business Institute since September 2003.

Kill 'Em All

Kill 'Em All is the first album by Metallica, an American thrash metal band. It was released on July 25, 1983. It has sold over three million copies in the United States. When it was released most of the reviews were good. Two singles were released from the album, "Whiplash" and "Jump in the Fire". The album was going to be called "Metal Up Your Ass". However, the record label that released the album did not want this. Cliff Burton, the band's bass guitar player, said "why don't we just kill 'em all?" when talking about the record label. The band decided to use "Kill 'Em All" as the album's name.


Lucy Lawless

Lucille Frances Ryan (born 29 March 1968) is a New Zealand actress. When she was twenty years old, she got her first acting job in the TV program "Funny Business". In 1995, she starred in her first television series, "", becoming in an international star in this role.

Lawless is also known for her role as "D'anna Biers" in the TV series "Battlestar Galactica" between 2005 and 2008. During a break in 1997 between filming seasons on Xena, Lawless made her onstage debut singing songs on Broadway as Rizzo in the remake of the musical play Grease.

Since her role as Xena, Lawless has pursued a new career in singing after being a contestant on "Celebrity Duets". She sang at the Roxy in Hollywood in 2007, and has since performed regularly in concerts and released several CDs. She has a contralto singing range.

She was born in Auckland on 29 March 1968. Lawless' mother, Julie, was teacher, and her father, Frank, was mayor. She has 6 brothers. She had bulimia and Depression.

Lawless began acting in secondary school, attending Marist College, New Zealand, in Mount Albert. She studied foreign languages at Auckland University for a year before dropping out and leaving for Europe with her boyfriend, Garth Lawless, to travel to Germany and Switzerland. The couple then moved to Australia, where she worked briefly as a gold miner.

Lawless wanted to act since she was five. She took her first acting class at the school. Lawless starred various national television commercials when she was a child. One of these was for McDonald's. She played an Amazon in the TV movie "Hercules and the Amazon Women", in 1994, and Lisya in his Spin-off, the TV series "" em 1995. In the same year, she plays Xena in three episodes, returning later.

In September, Xena won her own series, "", Lawless was the star in the program during 6 years. Lawless first appeared on Broadway in September 1997 in the "Grease play remake", as the "bad girl" Rizzo character. She applied to play the squeaky-clean naive blond girl Sandra Dee, but she claimed the producers after Xena had typed her to playing only "bad girls." She said the Sandy character was very similar to her sheltered childhood, growing up in New Zealand with many protective older brothers.

Lawless has since appeared onstage in the "Vagina Monologues" and as a television guest star in episodes of The Simpsons, The X-Files, Just Shoot Me!, Veronica Mars, Burn Notice, and Curb Your Enthusiasm. She was also featured in the short-lived television series Tarzan. Lawless has made cameo appearances in the movies EuroTrip, Spider-Man and Boogeyman. She returned to television in the TV movie Locusts! and its sequel Vampire Bats.

From 2005 to 2008, Lawless has had a recurring role in the television series Battlestar Galactica. She portrays D'Anna Biers, a reporter with the "Fleet News Service" who works on a critical documentary about the crew of the Galactica and is later revealed to be a Cylon.

In 1997, Lawless was named one of the "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" by "People" magazine. Days earlier on 6 May 1997, Lawless inadvertently exposed a breast as she concluded a performance of the US national anthem at an NHL hockey game in Anaheim, California between the Mighty Ducks and Detroit Red Wings. Lawless was quoted in Newsweek as saying:

Lawless has enjoyed a particular cult status in the lesbian community. Some of the lesbian fan base sees Lawless as a lesbian icon. A group called The Marching Xenas has participated in many gay and lesbian pride parades.

Some fans felt that the sexual nature of Xena and the character Gabrielle's relationship was cemented by an interview given by Lucy Lawless to "Lesbian News" magazine in 2003. Lawless stated that after the series finale, where Gabrielle revives Xena with a mouth-to-mouth water transfer filmed to look like a full kiss, she had come to believe that Xena and Gabrielle's relationship was "definitely gay... there was always a 'well, she might be or she might not be' but when there was that drip of water passing between their lips in the very final scene, that cemented it for me".

In 2006, Lucy Lawless donated her personal Xena costume to the Museum of American History. In an interview the same year with "Smithsonian" magazine, she was asked the question "Was the Warrior Princess outfit comfortable?" and she responded:

At the age of nineteen, Lawless became pregnant with Garth's child. In 1988, they married in Kalgoorlie, Australia. They returned to New Zealand and had a daughter, Daisy Lawless (born 15 July 1988), who also attended Marist College, New Zealand. The couple divorced in 1995. Lawless married "Xena" executive producer Robert Tapert on 28 March 1998. Lawless and Tapert have two sons: Julius Robert Bay Tapert (born 16 October 1999) and Judah Miro Tapert (born 7 May 2002), both born in Auckland.

The following table shows all the movies she has been in, the role she played and when the movie was released


Raccoon (disambiguation)

A raccoon (sometimes racoon) is a mammal native to the Americas.

Raccoon may also mean:


North York

North York may mean:

Red Army Faction

The Red Army Faction or RAF (German "Rote Armee Fraktion"), was one of postwar West Germany's most active and prominent militant left-wing groups. It described itself as a communist "urban guerrilla" group engaged in armed resistance, while it was described by the West German government as a terrorist group.The RAF was formally founded in 1970 by Andreas Baader, Gudrun Ensslin, Horst Mahler, Ulrike Meinhof, Irmgard Möller and others. The Red Army Faction operated from the 1970s to 1993, committing numerous crimes, especially in the autumn of 1977, which led to a national crisis that became known as "German Autumn".It was responsible for 34 deaths including many secondary targets such as chauffeurs and bodyguards—and many injuries in its almost 30 years of existence. It ceased activities in 1993 and disbanded in 1998.

One member was arrested in 2024, Daniela Klette.

Large Hadron Collider

The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is the world's biggest and most powerful particle accelerator. It was built by the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN). It is a giant circular tunnel built underground. The tunnel is 17 miles (27 kilometers) long, and between 50 and 175 meters below the ground. It lies beneath the border of Switzerland and France. 10,000 scientists and engineers from over 100 different countries worked together in the making of this project, and it cost 10.4 billion Swiss francs ($10 billion) to build. It is now the largest and most complicated experimental research facility in the world.

As its name states, the research at the LHC involves the collision of hadrons. A hadron is a particle which consists of a number of quarks held together by the subatomic strong force. Protons and neutrons are examples of a hadron. The LHC primarily uses the collision of protons in its experiments. Protons are parts of atoms with a positive charge. The LHC accelerates these protons through the tunnel until they reach nearly the speed of light. Different protons are directed through the tunnel in opposite directions. When they collide, they create conditions similar to the early universe.

The LHC attempts to study elementary particles and the ways they interact. Researchers have used it to learn about quantum physics, and they hope to learn much more about the structure of space and time. The observations researchers are able to make can help us learn what the universe might have been like within milliseconds after the big bang.

The LHC ionizes Hydrogen atoms to get their protons. A Hydrogen atom consists of only one proton and one electron. When they ionize the atoms, they are removing the one electron to give it a net positive charge. The Hydrogen protons are then directed through the circle by electromagnets. In order for the magnets to be strong enough, it must be very cold. The inside of the tunnel is cooled by liquid helium. They keep the temperature at just above absolute zero. The protons hit one another at close to the speed of light and this creates lots of particles, many of which only live a short time before decaying to lighter particles. At the four collision sites, there are large detectors called ALICE, ATLAS, CMS and LHCb.

When the particles hit each other, their energy is converted into many different particles, and sensitive detectors keep track of the pieces that are created. By looking carefully at the detector data, scientists can study what the particles are made of and how the particles interact. This is the only way to detect some particles because very high energy is needed to create them. The LHC's particle collisions have the energy needed.

The LHC has three main parts to it. There is the particle accelerator, the four detectors, and the Grid. The accelerator creates the collision, but the results cannot be directly observed. The detectors turn it into usable data and send it to the Grid. The Grid is a computer network that the researchers use to interpret the data. There are 170 locations in 36 different countries which are filled with regular desktop computers. All of these computers are connected, and together they act as a supercomputer. The LHC's Grid is considered the most powerful supercomputer ever built. The computers share processing power and data storage space.

The Grid is very powerful, but it is only able to take in about one percent of the data it receives from the detectors. Its limitations have motivated attempts at creating quantum computers, which could use what the LHC has taught us about quantum mechanics in order to make faster computers.

Scientists used the LHC to find the Higgs boson, a particle predicted to exist by the Standard Model.

Some people thought the LHC could create a black hole, which would be very dangerous. There are two reasons not to be worried. The first is that the LHC didn't do anything that the cosmic rays that hit the Earth every day don't do, and these rays do not create black holes. The second reason is that even if the LHC did make black holes, they would be very tiny. The smaller a black hole is, the shorter its life. Very tiny black holes would evaporate before they could hurt people.

The LHC was first used on September 10, 2008, but it did not work because a cooling system broke. The magnets that help to move the charged particles must be cold. The failure caused part of the facility to collapse. The lab shut down for the winter and the collider was not used again until November 2009. While it was being repaired, scientists used the Tevatron to look for the Higgs Boson. When the LHC was restarted in November 2009, it set a new speed record by accelerating protons to 1.18 TeV (teraelectronvolt, or trillion electronvolt). On March 30 2010, the LHC created a collision at 3.5 TeV.


S.M.A.R.T.

Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology, or S.M.A.R.T. is a system to watch computer hard disks to help stop the risk of failures. It does this by watching reliability of the hard disks to try and see when a failure might happen and where.

Hard drive failures fall into two categories:

Predictable failures can be detected by certain monitoring devices. This is like a thermometer in a vehicle that can alert the driver to do something before serious damage occurs, for example because the engine is too hot.

About 60% of all drive failures are caused by mechanical failure. Most result from gradual wear. An eventual failure may be catastrophic. Before complete failure occurs, there are usually signs that failure will happen. These may include increased heat output, a more noisy drive, problems with reading or writing data and a big increase in the number of damaged disk sectors.

The purpose of S.M.A.R.T. is to warn a user or system administrator that a drive is about to fail. At the time of the warning, there is usually still time to do somethings to prevent data loss by copying the data to a different drive. About 30% of failures can be predicted by S.M.A.R.T. Work at Google on over 100,000 drives has shown little overall predictive value of S.M.A.R.T. status as a whole. The study suggests that certain sub-categories of information which some S.M.A.R.T. implementations track "do" correlate with actual failure rates. In the 60 days after the first scan error on a drive, the drive is 39 times more likely to fail on average than it would have been had no such error occurred. Also, first errors in reallocations, offline reallocations and probational counts have higher probabilities of failure.

PCTechGuide's page on S.M.A.R.T. commented in 2003 that the technology had gone through three phases: 

The first hard disk monitoring technology was introduced by IBM in 1992 in their IBM 9337 Disk Arrays for AS/400 servers using IBM 0662 SCSI-2 disk drives. Later it was named Predictive Failure Analysis technology. It was measuring several key device health parameters and evaluating them within the drive firmware. Communications between the physical unit and the monitoring software were limited to a binary result – either "device is OK" or "drive is likely to fail soon".

Later, another variant, which was named IntelliSafe, was created by computer manufacturer Compaq and disk drive manufacturers Seagate, Quantum, and Conner. The disk drives would measure the disk’s "health parameters", and the values would be transferred to the operating system and user-space monitoring software. Each disk drive vendor was free to decide which parameters were to be included for monitoring, and what their thresholds should be. The unification was at the protocol level with the host.

Compaq submitted their implementation to Small Form Committee for standardization in early 1995. It was supported by IBM, by Compaq's development partners Seagate, Quantum, and Conner, and by Western Digital, who did not have a failure prediction system at the time. The Committee chose IntelliSafe's approach, as it provided more flexibility. The resulting jointly developed standard was named S.M.A.R.T.

The technical documentation for SMART is in the AT Attachment standard.

The most basic information that SMART provides is the SMART status. It provides only two values: "threshold not exceeded" and "threshold exceeded". Often these are represented as "drive OK" or "drive fail" respectively. A "threshold exceeded" value is intended to indicate that there is a relatively high probability that the drive will not be able to honour its specification in the future – that is, the drive is "about to fail". The predicted failure may be catastrophic or may be something as subtle as the inability to write to certain sectors, or perhaps slower performance than the manufacturer's declared minimum.

The SMART status does not necessarily indicate the drive's past or present reliability. If a drive has already failed catastrophically, the SMART status may be inaccessible. Alternatively, if a drive has experienced problems in the past, but the sensors no longer detect such problems, the SMART status may, depending on the manufacturer's programming, suggest that the drive is now sound.

The inability to "read" some sectors is not always an indication that a drive is about to fail. One way that unreadable sectors may be created, even when the drive is functioning within specification, is through a sudden power failure while the drive is writing. In order to prevent this problem, modern hard drives will always finish writing at least the current sector immediately after the power fails (typically using rotational energy from the disk). Also, even if the physical disk is damaged at one location, such that a certain sector is unreadable, the disk may be able to use spare space to replace the bad area, so that the sector can be overwritten.

More detail on the health of the drive may be obtained by examining the SMART Attributes. SMART Attributes were included in some drafts of the ATA standard, but were removed before the standard became final. The meaning and interpretation of the attributes varies between manufacturers, and are sometimes considered a trade secret for one manufacturer or another. Attributes are further discussed below.

Drives with SMART may support a number of 'logs'. The "error log" records information about the most recent errors that the drive has reported back to the host computer. Examining this log may help to determine whether computer problems are disk-related or caused by something else.

A drive supporting SMART may support a number of self-test or maintenance routines, and the results of the tests are kept in the "self-test log". The self-test routines may be used to detect any unreadable sectors on the disk, so that they may be restored from back-up sources (for example, from other disks in a RAID). 

Many motherboards will display a warning message when a disk drive is approaching failure. Although an industry standard among most major hard drive manufacturers, there are some remaining issues and much proprietary "secret knowledge" held by individual manufacturers as to their specific approach.

The term "S.M.A.R.T." refers only to a signalling method between internal disk drive electromechanical sensors and the host computer. Hence, a drive may be claimed by its manufacturers to include S.M.A.R.T. support even if it does not include, say, a temperature sensor, which the customer might reasonably expect to be present.

Depending on the type of interface being used, some S.M.A.R.T.-enabled motherboards and related software may not communicate with certain S.M.A.R.T.-capable drives. For example, few external drives connected via USB and Firewire correctly send S.M.A.R.T. data over those interfaces. With so many ways to connect a hard drive (SCSI, Fibre Channel, ATA, SATA, SAS, SSA, and so on), it is difficult to predict whether S.M.A.R.T. reports will function correctly in a given system.

Even on hard drives and interfaces that support it, S.M.A.R.T. information may not be reported correctly to the computer's operating system. Some disk controllers can duplicate all write operations on a secondary "back-up" drive in real time. This feature is known as "RAID mirroring". However, many programs which are designed to analyze changes in drive behaviour and relay S.M.A.R.T. alerts to the operator do not function properly when a computer system is configured for RAID support. Generally this is because, under normal RAID operational conditions, the computer is not permitted by the RAID subsystem to 'see' (or directly access) individual physical drives, but may access only logical volumes instead.

On the Windows platform, many programs designed to monitor and report S.M.A.R.T. information will function only under an administrator account. At present, S.M.A.R.T. is implemented individually by manufacturers, and while some aspects are standardized for compatibility, others are not.

Each drive manufacturer defines a set of attributes, and sets threshold values beyond which attributes should not pass under normal operation. Each attribute has a "raw value", whose meaning is entirely up to the drive manufacturer (but often corresponds to counts or a physical unit, such degrees Celsius or seconds), and a normalized value, which ranges from 1 to 253 (with 1 representing the worst case and 253 representing the best). Depending on the manufacturer, a value of 100 or 200 will often be chosen as the "normal" value.

Threshold Exceeds Condition (TEC) is a supposed date when a critical drive statistic attribute will reach its threshold value. When Drive Health software reports a "Nearest T.E.C.", it should be regarded as a "Failure date".

Prognosis of this date is based on the factor "Speed of attribute change"; how many points each month the value is decreasing or increasing. This is calculated automatically at any change of S.M.A.R.T. attributes for each attribute individually. Note that TEC dates are not guarantees; hard drives can and will either last much longer or fail much sooner than the date given by a TEC.



Uncomplicated Firewall

Uncomplicated Firewall is a firewall for host-based iptables firewall configuration.

A graphical user interface exists, called "GUI for Uncomplicated Firewall"

Good Morning (Kanye West song)

"Good Morning" is a single on Kanye West's 3rd studio album "Graduation". The song was released in late August 2007 on iTunes. "Good Morning" is the 1st track on the album. It has samples of "Someone Saved My Life Tonight" as sung by Elton John.Additional vocals were provided by Connie Mitchell, Tony "Penafire" Williams, and Jay-Z.

Loupfougères

Loupfougères is a commune of 368 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Louverné

Louverné is a commune of 3,538 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Louvigné

Louvigné is a commune of 774 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Madré

Madré is a commune in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Maisoncelles-du-Maine

Maisoncelles-du-Maine is a commune of 400 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Marcillé-la-Ville

Marcillé-la-Ville is a commune of 740 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Marigné-Peuton

Marigné-Peuton is a commune of 487 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Martigné-sur-Mayenne

Martigné-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 1,309 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Mée, Mayenne

Mée is a commune of 171 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ménil

Ménil is a commune of 785 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Méral

Méral is a commune of 913 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Meslay-du-Maine

Meslay-du-Maine is a commune of 2,616 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Mézangers

Mézangers is a commune of 700 people (3 March 2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montaudin

Montaudin is a commune of 914 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montenay

Montenay is a commune of 1,399 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. The name of the place occurred as "Montaniaco" in the ninth century, and as "Monteneio" en 1225. It probably comes from the Latin "Montanus". The area was probably settled in Neolithic times (5000-3000 BC). There is a dolmen and a groove nearby. The groove is called St. Guillaume's stone, and is located about 3km from the village.

Montflours

Montflours is a commune of 204 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montigné-le-Brillant

Montigné-le-Brillant is a commune of 1,234 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montjean, Mayenne

Montjean is a commune of 797 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montourtier

Montourtier is a former commune of 326 people (2009). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, the commune was unified with Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré, Deux-Évailles and Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons, and the new municipality took the name of Montsûrs.

Montreuil-Poulay

Montreuil-Poulay is a commune of 414 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montsûrs

Montsûrs is a commune of 2,020 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged with Saint-Céneré and formed the short-lived commune Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré. Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré was merged with Deux-Évailles, Montourtier and Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons on 1 January 2019, and the new commune took the name of "Montsûrs".

Moulay

Moulay is a commune of 907 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Neau

Neau is a commune of 712 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Neuilly-le-Vendin

Neuilly-le-Vendin is a commune of 426 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Niafles

Niafles is a commune of 287 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Nuillé-sur-Vicoin

Nuillé-sur-Vicoin is a commune of 1,184 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Oisseau

Oisseau is a commune of 1,101 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Olivet, Mayenne

Olivet is a commune of 381 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


Origné

Origné is a commune of 278 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Pallu

La Pallu is a commune of 160 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire of the Mayenne department, in the northwest of France.

Predictive Failure Analysis

Predicive failure analysis is a technology developed by IBM to monitor the likelihood of a hard disk failure. Today, it is part of S.M.A.R.T.

Parallel ATA

Parallel ATA is a way to connect storage devices, such as Hard disks, solid-state drives, and CD-ROM drives inside personal computers. The standard is maintained by X3/INCITS committee T13. 

It used to be called Advanced Technology Attachment with Packet Interface (ATA/ATAPI). ATA/ATAPI is the result of a long history of development. It is an evolution of the AT Attachment Interface, which was itself evolved in several stages from Western Digital's original Integrated Drive Electronics interface. As a result, many near-synonyms for ATA/ATAPI and its previous incarnations exist, including abbreviations such as IDE which are still in common informal use. With the market introduction of Serial ATA in 2003, the original ATA was retroactively renamed Parallel ATA (PATA).

Parallel ATA standards allow cable lengths up to only 18 inches (46 centimeters). Because of this length limit the technology normally appears as an internal computer storage interface. 
For many years ATA provided the most common and the least expensive interface for this application. 
As of 2007, it has largely been replaced by Serial ATA (SATA) in new systems. Older computers based on Parallel ATA are still widely-used in embedded and industrial applications.


Serial Attached SCSI

Serial Attached SCSI (SAS) is a technology designed to move data to and from computer storage devices such as hard drives and tape drives. It is a point-to-point serial protocol that replaces the parallel SCSI. SCSI first appeared in the mid 1980s in corporate data centers. SAS uses the standard SCSI command set. At present it is slightly slower than the final parallel SCSI implementation, but in 2009 it will double its present speed to 6 Gbit/s. This will permit much higher speed data transfers. The protocol is "downwards"-compatible with second generation SATA drives. These drives may be connected to SAS backplanes (controllers), but SAS drives can not be connected to SATA backplanes. 

The SAS protocol is developed and maintained by the T10 technical committee of the International Committee for Information Technology Standards (INCITS) and promoted by the SCSI Trade Association (SCSITA).



The SAS connector is much smaller than traditional parallel SCSI connectors allowing for the small drives. SAS supports point data transfer speeds up to 3 Gbit/s, but is expected to reach 12 Gbit/s by the year 2012. 

The physical SAS connector is available in several different variants:


All the Greatest Hits

All the Greatest Hits is an album from the band McFly. They released it on November 5, 2007 and it features all of McFly's UK singles. The album also includes 3 new songs: "The Heart Never Lies", "The Way You Make Me Feel" and "Don't Wake Me Up".



The Judas Kiss

"The Judas Kiss" is the fourth single off the album by rock band Metallica off their ninth studio album "Death Magnetic". 


Death Magnetic

Death Magnetic is the ninth studio album by heavy metal band Metallica. The album was released September 12, 2008 with the hits "The Day That Never Comes", "Cyanide", "My Apocalypse", "The Unforgiven III", and "The Judas Kiss".


"Death Magnetic" was nominated for four Grammy awards. Rick Rubin won "Producer of the Year, Non-Classical" for his work on "Death Magnetic", as well as other albums this past year.

The album won two Grammys for "Best Metal Performance" and "Best Recording Package" at the 51st Grammy Awards on February 8, 2009.

Tagged Command Queuing

Tagged Command Queueing (TCQ) is a technology that allows to send multiple read and write requests to a hard drive simultaneously. ATA TCQ is not identical in function to the more efficient Native Command Queuing (NCQ) used by SATA drives. SCSI TCQ does not suffer from the same limitations as ATA TCQ.

Before TCQ, an operating system was only able to send one request at a time. In order to boost performance, it had to decide the order of the requests based on its own, possibly incorrect, idea of what the hard drive was doing. With TCQ, the drive can make its own decisions about how to order the requests (and in turn relieve the operating system from having to do so). The result is that TCQ can improve the overall performance of a hard drive if it is implemented correctly.

For efficiency the sectors should be serviced in order of proximity to the current head position, rather than in the order received. The queue is constantly receiving new requests and fulfilling and removing existing requests, and re-ordering the queue according to the current pending read/write requests and the changing position of the head. The exact reordering algorithm may depend upon the controller and the drive itself, but the host computer simply makes requests as needed, leaving the controller to handle the details.

This queuing mechanism is sometimes referred to as "elevator seeking", as the image of a modern elevator in a building servicing multiple calls and processing them to minimise travel illustrates the idea well.

If the buttons for floors 5, 2, and 4 are pressed in that order with the elevator starting on floor 1, an old elevator would go to the floors in the order requested. A modern elevator processes the requests to stop at floors in the logical order 2, 4, and 5, without unnecessary travel. Non-queueing disk drives service the requests in the order received, like an old elevator; queueing drives service requests in the most efficient order. This may improve performance slightly in a system used by a single user, but really comes into its own in a system with many users, making requests all over the disk surface.

Native Command Queuing

Native Command Queuing (NCQ) is a technology designed to increase performance of SATA hard disks on computers. It can do this under certain situations by allowing the individual hard disk to internally optimize the order in which it executes the read and write requests it received. This can reduce the amount of unnecessary drive head movement and result in better performance (and slightly decreased wear of the drive) where multiple read/write requests happen at the same time. This situation most often occurs in server-type applications. However, the technology can slow down HD access in certain applications, like games and sequential reads and writes, because of the added latency induced by NCQ logic.

Native Command Queuing came after Parallel ATA's version of Tagged Command Queuing (TCQ). ATA's attempt at integrating TCQ was constrained by the requirement that ATA host bus adapters use ISA bus device protocols to interact with the operating system. 

NCQ differs from TCQ in that the command re-ordering is performed by the drive rather than the operating system, and each command is equal in importance. This is preferable since the drive has the most knowledge of its performance characteristics, and is able to take rotational position into account. NCQ and PATA TCQ have a maximum queue length of 32 in-flight commands (31 in practice), while SCSI TCQ has a maximum queue length of 2 in-flight commands.

For NCQ to be enabled, it must be supported and enabled in the SATA host bus adapter and in the hard drive itself. The appropriate device driver must be loaded into the operating system to enable NCQ on the host bus adapter. Many newer chipsets support the Advanced Host Controller Interface (AHCI), which should allow a generic driver supplied by the operating system to control them and enable NCQ. In fact, newer mainstream Linux kernels support AHCI natively. Unfortunately, Windows XP requires the installation of a vendor-specific driver even if AHCI is present on the host bus adapter. Windows Vista corrects this situation by including a generic AHCI driver.



Serial Storage Architecture

Serial Storage Architecture is a technology used to attach hard disks to Servers. It was developed by IBM in the 1990s. IBM produced a number of drives with this standard, but today, it has been largely replaced by the Fibre Channel architecture.

Fibre Channel

Fibre Channel, or FC is an architecture (and a set of protocols to attach disk drives to computers, like in a Storage Area Network. Networks today are done with 4 GBit/s and 8 GBit/s over fiberglass cables. This is enough to support data transfer rates of up to 800 MBit/s. Fibrechannel permits connecting the same disk subsystem to several computers. It typically uses the SCSI command set.

Basically, there are two "topologies" (ways to do this):

Parigné-sur-Braye

Parigné-sur-Braye is a commune of 624 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Parné-sur-Roc

Parné-sur-Roc is a commune of 1,157 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

In its territory flows the Jouanne river.

Le Pas

Le Pas is a commune of 515 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Pellerine, Mayenne

La Pellerine is a commune of 291 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Peuton

Peuton is a commune of 211 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Placé

Placé is a commune of 326 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Pommerieux

Pommerieux is a commune of 589 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Pontmain

Pontmain is a commune of 893 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Port-Brillet

Port-Brillet is a commune of 1,814 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Préaux, Mayenne

Préaux is a commune of 156 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Pré-en-Pail

Pré-en-Pail is a former commune of 2 128 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Pré-en-Pail-Saint-Samson.

Quelaines-Saint-Gault

Quelaines-Saint-Gault is a commune of 1,739 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ravigny

Ravigny is a commune of 198 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Renazé

Renazé is a commune of 2,791 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Rennes-en-Grenouilles

Rennes-en-Grenouilles is a commune of 105 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Le Ribay

Le Ribay is a commune of 473 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Roë

La Roë is a commune of 241 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La Rouaudière

La Rouaudière is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France. 333 people lived there in 1999.

Ruillé-Froid-Fonds

Ruillé-Froid-Fonds is a commune of 496 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Ruillé-le-Gravelais

Ruillé-le-Gravelais is a former commune of 619 people (1999). It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Loiron-Ruillé.

Sacé

Sacé is a commune of 320 people (1999). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain

Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain is a commune of 360 people as of 1999. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Aignan-sur-Roë

Saint-Aignan-sur-Roë is a commune of 926 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Aubin-du-Désert

Saint-Aubin-du-Désert is a commune of 236 people (number of people measured in 1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Aubin-Fosse-Louvain

Saint-Aubin-Fosse-Louvain is a commune of 252 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Baudelle

Saint-Baudelle is a commune of 1,005 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Berthevin

Saint-Berthevin is a commune of 6,909 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Berthevin-la-Tannière

Saint-Berthevin-la-Tannière is a commune of 384 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Brice, Mayenne

Saint-Brice is a commune in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Calais-du-Désert

Saint-Calais-du-Désert is a commune of 318 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Céneré

Saint-Céneré is a former commune of 459 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré. On 1 January 2019, the commune was unified with Deux-Évailles, Montourtier and Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons, and the new municipality took the name of Montsûrs.

Saint-Charles-la-Forêt

Saint-Charles-la-Forêt is a commune of 190 people (1999). It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Christophe-du-Luat

Saint-Christophe-du-Luat is a former commune of 553 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Évron.

Saint-Cyr-en-Pail

Saint-Cyr-en-Pail is a commune of 441 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Cyr-le-Gravelais

Saint-Cyr-le-Gravelais is a commune of 474 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Denis-d'Anjou

Saint-Denis-d'Anjou is a commune of 1,337 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Denis-de-Gastines

Saint-Denis-de-Gastines is a commune of 1,683 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Denis-du-Maine

Saint-Denis-du-Maine is a commune of 307 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Sainte-Gemmes-le-Robert

Sainte-Gemmes-le-Robert is a commune of 930 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ellier-du-Maine

Saint-Ellier-du-Maine is a commune of 465 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Sainte-Marie-du-Bois, Mayenne

Sainte-Marie-du-Bois is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France. 210 people lived there in 1999.

Saint-Erblon, Mayenne

Saint-Erblon is a commune of 166 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Sainte-Suzanne, Mayenne

Sainte-Suzanne is a former commune of 1,020 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sainte-Suzanne-et-Chammes.

Saint-Fort

Saint-Fort is a former commune of 1,571 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Château-Gontier-sur-Mayenne.

Saint-Fraimbault-de-Prières

Saint-Fraimbault-de-Prières is a commune of 904 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Georges-Buttavent

Saint-Georges-Buttavent is a commune of 1,391 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Georges-le-Fléchard

Saint-Georges-le-Fléchard is a commune of 288 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Georges-sur-Erve

Saint-Georges-sur-Erve is a commune in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Germain-d'Anxure

Saint-Germain-d'Anxure is a commune of 274 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Germain-de-Coulamer

Saint-Germain-de-Coulamer is a commune of 393 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux

Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux is a commune of 670 people (1999). It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Saint-Germain-le-Guillaume

Saint-Germain-le-Guillaume is a commune of 410 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Hilaire-du-Maine

Saint-Hilaire-du-Maine is a commune of 664 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Jean-sur-Erve

Saint-Jean-sur-Erve is a former commune of 489 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Blandouet-Saint Jean.

Saint-Jean-sur-Mayenne

Saint-Jean-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 1,196 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Julien-du-Terroux

Saint-Julien-du-Terroux is a commune of 232 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Laurent-des-Mortiers

Saint-Laurent-des-Mortiers is a former commune of 188 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bierné-les-Villages.

Saint-Léger, Mayenne

Saint-Léger is a commune of 231 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Loup-du-Dorat

Saint-Loup-du-Dorat is a commune of 335 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Loup-du-Gast

Saint-Loup-du-Gast is a commune of 305 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Mars-du-Désert, Mayenne

Saint-Mars-du-Désert is a commune of 169 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont

Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont is a commune of 435 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Mars-sur-la-Futaie

Saint-Mars-sur-la-Futaie is a commune of 623 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


Saint-Martin-de-Connée

Saint-Martin-de-Connée is a former commune of 420 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2021, it was merged into the new commune of Vimartin-sur-Orthe.

Saint-Martin-du-Limet

Saint-Martin-du-Limet is a commune of 493 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Michel-de-Feins

Saint-Michel-de-Feins is a former commune of 136 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bierné-les-Villages.

Saint-Michel-de-la-Roë

Saint-Michel-de-la-Roë is a commune of 210 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ouën-des-Toits

Saint-Ouën-des-Toits is a commune of 1,435 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons

Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons is a former commune of 174 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, the commune was unified with Montsûrs-Saint-Céneré, Deux-Évailles and Montourtier, and the new municipality took the name of Montsûrs.

Saint-Pierre-des-Landes

Saint-Pierre-des-Landes is a commune of 946 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Pierre-des-Nids

Saint-Pierre-des-Nids is a commune of 1,712 people (1999). It is to be found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Pierre-la-Cour

Saint-Pierre-la-Cour is a commune of 1,838 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.


Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve

Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve is a commune of 138 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Pierre-sur-Orthe

Saint-Pierre-sur-Orthe is a former commune of 531 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2021, it was merged into the new commune of Vimartin-sur-Orthe.

Saint-Poix

Saint-Poix is a commune of 393 people (2007). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Quentin-les-Anges

Saint-Quentin-les-Anges is a commune of 376 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Samson, Mayenne

Saint-Samson is a former commune of 334 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Pré-en-Pail-Saint-Samson.

Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet

Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet is a commune of 546 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Sulpice, Mayenne

Saint-Sulpice is a former commune of 188 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of La Roche-Neuville.

Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers

Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers is a commune of 246 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saulges

Saulges is a commune of 328 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. In Saulges, there is also a prehistoric canyon which is 1.8 million years old and 20 different prehistoric caves.

La Selle-Craonnaise

La Selle-Craonnaise is a commune of 882 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Senonnes

Senonnes is a commune of 325 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Simplé

Simplé is a commune of 256 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Soucé

Soucé is a commune of 180 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Soulgé-sur-Ouette

Soulgé-sur-Ouette is a commune of 1,073 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Thorigné-en-Charnie

Thorigné-en-Charnie is a commune of 162 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Thubœuf

Thubœuf is a commune of 231 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Torcé-Viviers-en-Charnie

Torcé-Viviers-en-Charnie is a commune of 737 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Trans, Mayenne

Trans is a commune of 238 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Vaiges

Vaiges is a commune of 1,151 people (2005). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Vautorte

Vautorte is a commune of 573 people (1999). It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Vieuvy

Vieuvy is a commune of 115 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Villaines-la-Juhel

Villaines-la-Juhel is a commune of 3,179 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Villepail

Villepail is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Villiers-Charlemagne

Villiers-Charlemagne is a commune of 959 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Vimarcé

Vimarcé is a former commune of 236 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France. On 1 January 2021, it was merged into the new commune of Vimartin-sur-Orthe.

Voutré

Voutré is a commune of 821 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Walt Walsh

Walter William Walsh (April 30, 1897 to January 15, 1966) was a Major League Baseball player. Walsh only played two games, never getting an at-bat for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1920. He was used as a pinch runner in the two games he played. Walsh was born in Newark, New Jersey and died in Avon-by-the-Sea, New Jersey

Middle Franconia

Middle Franconia (, ; Main-Franconian: "Middlfrangng") is a government region in the Free State of Bavaria. The seat of government is Ansbach. In the area of this region are the cities Nuremberg, Fürth, Erlangen.

This shows the cities and districts "(Landkreis)" of Middle Franconia.



Orne

The Orne (61) is a department in France. It is in the Normandy region. Its prefecture is Alençon and its sub-prefectures are Argentan and Mortagne-au-Perche. The department's name comes from the river Orne which flows through it.
The Orne was one of the original 83 departments created in 1790.

The department borders several other departments:

There is also a 105,000 ha forest called forêt des Andaines (Andaines Forest).

The Orne is famous for its:

It is also known to be famous for its trotting horses.

"(A château is a castle in French)"

Carly Colón

Carlos Edwin Colón Coates Jr. (born February 21, 1979) is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler better known internationally by his ring name Carlito. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand. He is a member of the Latino World Order. 

Carlito became famous in his first run with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where he won the Intercontinental Championship, the United States Championship and the World Tag Team Championship and WWE Tag Team Championship with his brother Primo. Colon was released by the WWE on 21 May 2010. Since then, he has wrestled on the independent circuit. He returned to WWE full-time at Fastlane in October 2023.


NBA All-Star Game

The NBA All-Star Game is an NBA game in which the best players in the Eastern Conference play with the best players in the Western Conference. The first game started on March 2, 1951 at the Boston Garden. The game is played differently than a normal basketball game, but stick to normal NBA rules.

National Hockey League All-Star Game

The National Hockey League All-Star Game is an exhibition ice hockey game that traditionally marks the midway point of the National Hockey League's regular season.


Biblical manuscript

A Biblical manuscript is any handwritten copy of a portion of the text of the Bible. They vary in size from tiny scrolls containing individual verses of the Jewish scriptures to huge polyglot codices containing both the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) and the New Testament, as well as other works.

The Aleppo Codex ("c." 920 AD) and Leningrad Codex ("c." 1008 AD) were the oldest Hebrew language manuscripts of the Tanakh. The 1947 find at Qumran of the Dead Sea scrolls pushed the manuscript history of the Tanakh back a millennium from the two earliest complete codices. Before this discovery, the earliest extant manuscripts of the Old Testament were in Greek in manuscripts such as Codex Vaticanus and Codex Sinaiticus. Out of the roughly 800 manuscripts found at Qumran, 220 are from the Tanakh. Every book of the Tanakh is represented except for the Book of Esther; however, most are fragmentary. Notably, there are two scrolls of the Book of Isaiah, one complete (1QIs), and one around 75% complete (1QIs). These manuscripts generally date between 150 BC to 70 AD.

Ancient Jewish scribes developed many practices to protect copies of their scriptures from error.

Parts of the New Testament have been preserved in more manuscripts than any other ancient work. There are over 5,800 complete or fragmented Greek manuscripts, 10,000 Latin manuscripts and 9,300 manuscripts in various other ancient languages, such as Syriac, Slavic, Gothic, Ethiopic, Coptic and Armenian. 

The dates of these manuscripts range from about 125 AD (the Ryland manuscript, P; containing fragments of the oldest copy of John) to the introduction of printing in Germany in the 15th century. Most of these manuscripts date after the 10th century. Although there are more manuscripts that preserve the New Testament than there are for any other ancient writing, the text preserved in these later, numerous manuscripts may not be the same as the text as it existed in antiquity. 

Textual scholar Bart Ehrman wrote: 

In reference to the textual evidence for the New Testament, Bruce M. Metzger wrote, 

Every year, several New Testament manuscripts handwritten in the original Greek format are discovered. 


Districts of England

The districts of England are a level of subdivisions of England used for the purposes of local government. The first local government districts were created in 1894 by the Local Government Act 1894 which created urban districts and rural districts as sub-divisions of counties (which had been created in 1889). Another reform in 1899 created 28 metropolitan boroughs as sub-divisions of the County of London.

There are 36 metropolitan districts, 32 London boroughs, 238 non-metropolitan districts, 46 unitary authorities, the Isles of Scilly, and the City of London, making a total of 354 district-level authorities.

Jug band

A jug band is a band that has a jug player and a variety of home-made instruments. These home-made instruments could be ordinary objects adapted to or created to make sound, like the washtub bass, washboard, spoons, stovepipe, and comb and tissue paper (kazoo). The Memphis Jug Band was a famous band from the 1920s to the 1950s.


Steve Carell

Steven John "Steve" Carell (born August 16, 1962) is an American actor and comedian. His father is of Italian and German descent, and his mother was of Polish ancestry. Carell is best known for his comedic work as Michael Scott in "The Office" and "The Daily Show". 

He played Andy Stitzer in "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", Gru in "Despicable Me" and "Despicable Me 2" and John Eleuthère du Pont in "Foxcatcher". He has appeared on "Saturday Night Live".

He starred as Donald Rumsfeld in the 2018 comedy "Vice". In 2020, he starred as General Mark R. Naird in the Netflix sitcom "Space Force".

Qutb ud-Din Aibak

Quṭb al-Dīn Aibak also spelled Quṭb ud-Dīn Aibak or Qutub ud-Din Aybak, (1150–1210), was the founder of the Mamluk Dynasty in Delhi and the first sultan of the Delhi Sultanate. He was born at Turk in the Aybak tribe and was the sultan for only four years, 1206-1210.

Qutub-ud-din Aibak was born to a Turk family in Central Asia. He was sold as a slave in his childhood. But this went well because he was brought up by the chief Qazi of Nishapur, a town in northeastern Iran. He was treated like one of the sons of this Qazi and was given a good education, including training in archery and horsemanship. However when the master died, his jealous sons sold Qutub-ud-din Aibak to a slave master.

Qutub-ud-din Aibak was finally purchased by the ruler of Ghor in central Afghanistan, Sultan Muhammad Ghori. Qutub-ud-din Aibak gradually rose to the rank of a Commander and became a trusted slave of Sultan Ghori. The conquests of northern India were executed mainly by Qutub-ud-din Aibak, which helped Ghori to consolidate his position there. Gradually, as Sultan Ghori concentrated on Central Asia after 1192, he was given the independent charge of the conquests in India. In India, Qutub-ud-din Aibak is infamous for massive destruction and plunder of several Hindu temples, whose wealth he looted away. His lieutenant, Bhakthiar Khilji, following in his master's footsteps ravaged the famous university of Nalanda, killing all the monks and scholars there, as well as burning the huge library down. It is said that the fires raged for 3 months, such was the voluminous material being burnt.

Muhammad Ghori established himself as strong ruler with his empire extending over Afghanistan, Pakistan, and northern India. Qutb-ud-din Aibak crowned himself the Sultan of Delhi in 1206, when Muhammad Ghori was killed on the battlefield. After his death, when Aibak came to the throne, he ruled over those places where he was appointed as the local receiver-general of Sultan Ghori. Despite the rebellions by nobles like Taj-ud-din Ildiz and Nasir-ud-din Qubachah, he strengthened the administrative system, which had been established by ghori

Though Qutb-ud-din Aibak started the construction of the Quwwat-ul-Islam mosque which was among the earliest Muslim monuments in Delhi, he could not complete them. These architectures were later completed by his successor Shamsuddin iltumishs. He started building the "Adhai Din Ka Jhopra" (meaning "Shed of 2 and half days"), a mosque in the Ajmer city of Rajasthan, India. It was commissioned by Qutb-ud-Din-Aibak, on orders of Muhammad Ghori, in 1192 CE. It was completed in 1199 CE, and further beautified by Iltutmish of Delhi in 1213 CE.
He constructed many other architecture.

In 1210, Qutb-ud-din Aibak died in an unexpected manner, while playing polo.

He was buried in Lahore near the Anarkali Bazaar. He was succeeded by Shamsuddin Iltutmish, another slave who rose to the level of a Sultan, thus extending the Slave/Mamluk Dynasty. He wasn't interested in expanding his territory instead wanted to settle problems in his present empire.


Muhammad of Ghor

Mu'izz ad-Din Muhammad Ghori () (1149 – March 15, 1206) was sultan of the Ghurid Empire. He ruled from 1173 to 1202 along with his brother Ghiyath ad-Din Muhammad. He also ruled from 1202 to 1206. He was known as Muhammad of Ghor. His birth name was Shihab ad-Din.

Mu'izz ad-Din was one of greatest ruler of the Ghurid dynasty. He is also known as founder of Muslim rule in Indian subcontinent. He ruled over a large part of subcontinent, which is now part of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Iran, north India, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and southern Kazakhstan.

In 1173 Mu'izz ad-Din took the city of Ghazni from Mahmud of Ghazni which he did to avenge the death of his ancestor Muhammad ibn Suri. He used this city as a base for expansion into northern India. In the meantime, he helped his brother Ghiyath to win over Khwarazmian Empire for the lordship of Khorasan in Western Asia. In 1175, Mu'izz captured Multan from the Ismailis, which were a branch of the Shia Muslims, and also took Uch in 1175. He also occupied the Ghaznavid principality of Lahore in 1186, which was the last place of safety of his Persianized enemies. After the death of Ghiyath in 1202, he became the successor of the Ghurid Empire and ruled until his assassination near Jhelum by Ismaili assassins in 1206.

After struggle among the remaining Ghuri leaders, Khwarizmi took over the Ghurid Sultanate in about 1215. Though the Ghurid's empire was short, and after them Timurids took over the Ghurid empire. Mu'izz's laid the foundations of Muslim rule in India. Qutbu l-Din Aibak, a former slave (Mamluk) of Mu'izz, was the first Sultan of Delhi.

Mu'izz ad-Din Muhammad was born in 1149 in the Ghor region, which is now Afghanistan. The exact date of his birth is unknown. His father, Baha al-Din Sam I, was the local ruler of the Ghor region at that time. Mu'izz also had an elder brother named Ghiyath al-Din Muhammad. During their early life, Mu'izz and Ghiyath were imprisoned by their uncle Ala al-Din Husayn, but were later released by their uncle's son Sayf al-Din Muhammad. When Sayf died in 1163, the Ghurid nobles supported Ghiyath as their leader, and helped him to took over the throne. Ghiyath shortly gave Mu'izz control over Istiyan and Kajuran. However, the throne was challenged by many Ghurid chiefs during which Mu'izz helped his brother Ghiyath in defeating and killing a rival Ghurid chief named Abu'l Abbas.

Vince Vaughn

Vincent Anthony "Vince" Vaughn (born March 28, 1970) is an American movie actor. 

Owen Wilson

Owen Cunningham Wilson (born November 18, 1968) is an Academy Award-nominated American actor, comedian, producer and professional pornstar.

Wilson was born in Dallas, to photographer Laura (Cunningham) Wilson and Robert Andrew Wilson. He has an older brother, Andrew, and a younger brother, Luke. Both brothers are also involved in movie making.

Wilson went to the University of Texas at Austin. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in English.

The Sheryl Crow album "C'mon C'mon" has the song "Safe and Sound". The liner notes say it is about Wilson and Crow's relationship.

On August 26, 2007, Wilson was taken to St. John's Health Center. It was reported as a suicide attempt. He was later moved to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. His lawyer later said that Wilson had depression. A few days later, Wilson withdrew from starring in "Tropic Thunder".

He dated Kate Hudson in 2006. The pair broke up. It was widely reported that he tried to commit suicide in 2007 after the relationship with Hudson ended. In 2008, it was reported the pair were to marry. However the two would again break up and make up a number of times over 2008 and 2009.

On January 10, 2011, Wilson's representative said that Wilson and his girlfriend, Jade Duell, were expecting a baby. Just four days later, on January 14, it was Duell gave birth in Hawaii to a baby boy, Robert Ford Wilson.

Wilson is a fan of several Dallas-area professional sports teams. He has been spotted at Dallas Cowboys, Dallas Mavericks and Texas Rangers games. He is also a supporter of the English football team Chelsea F.C..

Wilson's bumped nose is because he broke it twice. Once was during a high school fight, and once playing football with friends.

Luke Wilson

Luke Cunningham Wilson (born September 21, 1971) is an American movie actor.

Seth Rogen

Seth Aaron Rogen (born April 15, 1982) is a Canadian actor, comedian, director, producer, and writer.

Rogen was born on April 15, 1982, in Vancouver, British Columbia. His parents are Sandy Belogus and Mark Rogen.

Rogen stated comedians like Kevin Smith, Judd Apatow, John Belushi and Adam Sandler as influences.

John C. Reilly

John Christopher Reilly (born May 24, 1965) is an Academy Award- and two-time Golden Globe-nominated American actor, comedian, singer and writer.

Rainn Wilson

Rainn Dietrich Wilson (born January 20, 1966) is an Emmy-nominated and Screen Actors Guild Award-winning American actor. He is known for his roles as the egomaniacal Dwight Schrute on the American television sitcom "The Office".

Wilson follows the Bahá'í Faith, and has spoken publicly about other Bahá'ís who have been punished in Iran for being Bahá'ís.

The Office (American TV series)

The Office is an Emmy and Peabody Award-winning American television sitcom airing on National Broadcasting Company (NBC) and developed by Greg Daniels. It is an American adaptation of the BBC series with the same name. It is set in Scranton, Pennsylvania.


Kevin James

Kevin George Knipfing (born April 26, 1965), known professionally as Kevin James, is an American comedian and Emmy Award-nominated actor. He is known for his portrayal of lead character Doug Heffernan on the television sitcom "The King Of Queens", and Eric Lamonsoff in "Grown Ups" and "Grown Ups 2".

Mark Hamill

Mark Richard Hamill (born September 25, 1951) is an American actor and writer. He is known for his portrayal of Luke Skywalker in the original "Star Wars" trilogy (1977–1983), the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy (2015–2019), and for voicing The Joker in almost all animated Batman television series or animated movies.

Hamill has gained a reputation as a voice actor. He first did voice acting work in the early 1970s voicing the character Corey Anders on the Saturday morning cartoon "Jeannie" by Hanna-Barbera Productions. He later played Sean in the Ralph Bakshi film "Wizards", which was released just three months before "Star Wars" in 1977. In addition Hamill has also provided the voice for Fire Lord Ozai in , and Chanukah Zombie on Futurama. He also provided the voice of Chucky in the 2019 reboot of the franchise.

Hamill is the co-writer of "The Black Pearl", a comic book miniseries published by Dark Horse Comics. He wrote an introduction to the Trade Paperback "Batman: Riddler Two-Face" which reprints various stories involving The Riddler and Two-Face to tie in with "Batman Forever". He has also written several stories for "Simpsons Comics", including "Catastrophe in Substitute Springfields!", which parodies DC's "Crisis on Infinite Earths" and also references several other classic comics.

Hamill directed and starred in the 2004 direct-to-DVD "". A comic book fan who attended science fiction and comic conventions before he became famous, Hamill stated that his character was based on an exaggerated version of himself. He and his crew shot most of the mockumentary film during the 2002 San Diego Comic-Con, and enlisted Stan Lee, Kevin Smith, Bruce Campbell and Hugh Hefner in small roles. The movie won an award for Best Live-Action DVD Premiere Movie at the 2005 DVD Exclusive Awards.

Hamill married dentist Marilou York in a private civil ceremony on December 17, 1978. They have three children together: Nathan (born September 25, 1979), Griffin (born March 4, 1983), and Chelsea Elizabeth (born July 27, 1988) On January 11, 1977, Hamill was in a car accident in which he fractured his nose and left cheekbone, requiring seven hours of surgery. According to Hamill in a recorded interview, he was driving his BMW on a freeway and became distracted, and seeing that he was missing his offramp, tried to negotiate four lanes of traffic (some real scars from the crash made an appearance in "The Empire Strikes Back").


List of cities in France

Listed are all the major cities in France (population 20,000+)

Whitey Wistert

Francis Michael "Whitey" Wistert (born February 20, 1912 in Chicago, Illinois, died April 23, 1985 in Painesville, Ohio) was an American football and baseball player. He played college football for the University of Michigan Wolverines. He was added into the College Football Hall of Fame after he was elected to it in 1967. He and his two brothers are three of the seven players who have had their uniform numbers retired by Michigan Wolverines football. While at college, Wistert helped Michigan win the Big Ten Conference football championship in 1931, 1932, and 1933. He was also Big Ten Most Valuable Player in college baseball. He later played for the Cincinnati Reds of Major League Baseball.

Wistert graduated from Chicago's Schurz High School in 1929. He attended the University of Michigan where he was an athlete in both football and baseball in 1931, 1932, and 1933.

Wistert played for the Michigan Wolverines before his two brothers, Al Wistert and Alvin Wistert, did. All three Wistert brothers wore the number 11 for the Wolverines football team, and all three were members of the College Football All-America team, which is the best players through all of the United States. When interviewed by the "Detroit News" in 2004, brother Alvin Wistert said, "And if I'm not mistaken I think this is unprecedented in the of college football: that three brothers all would go to the same school, all played football. All played tackle, all wore the same number 11, all made All-American. Two of us played on four national championship teams. They all made it into the College Football Hall of Fame."

The Wistert brothers grew up on the northwest side of Chicago and were the sons of a Lithuanian family. Their father was a Spanish-American War veteran, who later died while working for the Chicago Police Department. Brother Alvin Wistert said that their father, "was born Casmir Vistertus and he Anglicized it when he came to America to Wistert."

The story of the Wistert brothers at Michigan began when Whitey's Carl Schurz High School school-mate John Kowalik was invited to visit the University of Michigan. At the time, Whitey Wistert "was working in a factory building "Majestic radios"." Kowalik took Whitey with him on his visit Ann Arbor, Michigan, and Alvin Wistert later said, "that's how it started: the Wisterts of Michigan."

As a football player, Wistert played for National Championship teams that never lost a game in 1932 and 1933 and was a chosen All-American in 1933. The 1934 University of Michigan yearbook, the "Michiganensian", had this to say by Grantland Rice: "Wistert was unanimously selected as the best tackle in the Middle-West this year. He was an important part of Michigan's defensive line play. He was a very good tackler and it was nearly impossible to fool him on trick plays. He was keen, quick, and accurate in finding out how a play would happen." Wistert and Chuck Bernard were the leaders of the 1933 offensive line when the team went 7-0-1 with a tie to the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers.

One of Wistert's teammates on the 1932 and 1933 Michigan football teams was Gerald Ford who later became the U.S. President. In an interview in the February 1974 copy of "Michigan Alumnus", Wistert said about Ford: "He was a real good competitor—a real bulldog type. Even during a losing year, he was voted team Most Valuable Player by his teammates, because they believed he was someone who could stay and fight even when they lose." In 1936, he was a member Michigan football coaching staff of Coach Harry Kipke.

Wistert earned varsity letters in baseball three years. He was chosen as the Most Valuable Player in the Big Ten Conference in 1934. The 1934 "Michiganensian" yearbook wrote that the final game of the baseball season was a 4–0 shutout by Wistert against the University of Chicago Maroon. It wrote, "Wistert, for the Wolves, allowed only five well- hits during the game. Although Whitey Wistert walked four men, he more than off-set this by striking out nine of the Maroons to face him." Wistert also allowed, as the pitcher, Ohio State four hits in a game.

Wistert, still being a minor league baseball player, played for a short while in Major League Baseball, playing in three games for the Cincinnati Reds between September 11, 1934 and September 25, 1934. In two times he pitched, Wistert let only one run in eight innings, for a career earned run average of 1.13. Though, in the three times he batted, he went did not hit the ball, so he struck out twice. Although he only played for a short while in Major League Baseball, Wistert played five years of professional baseball. Fellow 1933 Michigan Wolverines football All-American, Ted Petoskey also debuted for the Reds in September 1934.

Wistert became part of the College Football Hall of Fame in 1967, one year before his brother Albert did so. In 1981, he was named to the University of Michigan Hall of Honor in the fourth class of Hall of Fame joiners with his brothers. Only five other Michigan football players earned this honor before him.

Wistert became a New York lawyer after he retired from sports. He went on to become a vice president of an industrial relations in Toledo, Ohio. He was United States Navy lieutenant in World War II.


Brest, France

Brest is a town in France. It is in the Finistère department and the Brittany region. Its population in 1999 was around 150,000. Even if it is by far the largest town in Finistère it is not the prefecture (Quimper is).

Brest is twinned with:




St John's Innovation Centre

St John's Innovation Centre (SJIC) is a famous company which helps small companies to grow. It is in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England. It was started in 1987 in St John’s College, Cambridge, near the Cambridge Science Park. 


St John's College, Cambridge

St John's College is a college of the University of Cambridge. It was started by Lady Margaret Beaufort in 1511. It is geographically one of the largest colleges of the University of Cambridge, and the third largest in terms of its membership. It is the second richest of all the Oxbridge colleges. The college is also known for its famous choir.


Cambridge Science Park

The Cambridge Science Park is a group of science and technology-related businesses started by Trinity College, Cambridge in 1970. It is the oldest science park in the United Kingdom. It has many science and technology related businesses, and has strong links with the nearby University of Cambridge.


Lauterpacht Centre for International Law

The Lauterpacht Centre for International Law (LCIL) at the Faculty of Law, Cambridge, England, was founded in 1985 by Sir Elihu Lauterpacht under the name The Research Centre for International Law. It was renamed in 1997 “to honour the achievements of his father Sir Hersch Lauterpacht and himself”. The purpose of the centre is to "promote international law by a combination of individual and group research”. The centre is currently directed by Professor James Crawford SC, FBA.


Hersch Lauterpacht

Sir Hersch Lauterpacht (16 August 1897 in Zółkiew, Austria-Hungary (nowadays Schowkwa in Ukraine) – 8 May 1960 in London) was an Austrian-born British jurist of Jewish descent. He was a legal scholar, specialized in international law and a philosopher of law, and also a judge and a lawyer.
Lauterpacht was born in Austrian Galicia, which became Polish after World War I. He studied in Lemberg and in Vienna. During this time he was the first president of the World Federation of Jewish Students. He moved to the United Kingdom in 1923, where he studied at the London School of Economics. He became a British citizen in 1931. 

He lectured at several British universities like the London School of Economics, the University of London, and the University of Cambridge.

Lauterpacht was a member of the United Nations' International Law Commission from 1952 to 1954, and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1955 to 1960. The Lauterpacht Centre for International Law at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom is named after him. His son Elihu Lauterpacht started the center and was its first director.

 

Painesville, Ohio

Painesville is a city in Lake County, Ohio, United States, along the Grand River.

College Football Hall of Fame

The College Football Hall of Fame is a hall of fame and museum for college football. It is in downtown Atlanta, GA in the United States.

The people in the College Football Hall of Fame (also called Inductees) include:

Solid mechanics

Solid mechanics is the branch of mechanics, physics, and mathematics that concerns itself with how solid matter under external actions works (such as external forces, temperature changes, applied displacements, etc.). It is part of a larger study known as continuum mechanics. One of the most common practical applications of solid mechanics is the Euler-Bernoulli beam equation.

Chicago Police Department

The Chicago Police Department, also known as Chicago P.D. (In Reference to the NBC TV Show ("Chicago P.D,")) and the CPD, is the main law enforcement agency of the City of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States, under the jurisdiction of the city mayor. It is the largest police department in the Midwest and the second largest in the United States after the New York City Police Department with over 13,700 Sworn Uniformed Police Personnel and over 2,700 Civilian Members. Dating back to 1837, the Chicago Police Department is one of the oldest modern police forces in the world.

Lady Margaret Beaufort

Lady Margaret Beaufort (May 31, 1443 – June 29, 1509), of the House of Lancaster, was the mother of King Henry VII of England, and grandmother of Henry VIII. She was an important figure in the Wars of the Roses. Lady Margaret Hall, a college of the University of Oxford, is named after her.



Chicago Tribune Silver Football

The Chicago Tribune Silver Football is awarded by the "Chicago Tribune" to the college football player chosen to be the Most Valuable Player of the Big Ten Conference. 


Science park

A science park is a property designed and used for supporting high tech, science, or research related businesses. Science parks are found all over the world, but they mostly exist in developed countries. Over 140 are found in North America alone. 


Oxbridge

Oxbridge is a word that is used to mean the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge in England. It used to mean a fictional mix of the two universities, but now refers to both in real life. 

The word 'Oxbridge' started because the two universities are very similar:

The competition between Oxford and Cambridge also has a long history, dating back to the days when Cambridge was founded by unsatisfied scholars from Oxford.


Nîmes

Nîmes is a commune. It is the prefecture of the Gard department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Nîmes dates back to Ancient Rome.

Nîmes was an important Roman town. Many sites have been discovered, including:

The town was supplied with water by the Pont du Gard.

Nîmes is twinned with:

Lieutenant

A Lieutenant is an officers rank in the military, police and fire departments. It is an entry level supervisory position. The word comes from the French language. Lieu means "place" and tenant means "holding". A lieutenant is someone who takes the place of a superior when that person is not available. It can also mean a deputy position to assist someone else to carry out their job. 

In many military organizations, a lieutenant is an entry level commissioned officer's rank. Generally, but not always, it is divided into two levels. 

A second lieutanant (2LT) (2ndLt) (2d Lt) (O1) is the lower rank of lieutanant. A second lieutenant is addressed as "lieutenant" the same as a first lieutenant. In the United States Army, for example, a second lieutenant leads a platoon made up of two or more squads or about 16 to 44 soldiers. In this capacity he or she functions as a platoon leader or commander. The length of time an officer can hold the rank of second lieutenant is different in different services. For example, in the British Army it may be held for up to 2 years.
A first lieutenant (1LT) (1stLt) (1st Lt) (O2) is the senior rank of lieutenant. A first lieutenant is also addressed as "lieutenant". In the army, a first lieutenant often functions as the executive officer of a Company (military unit). A company may have from 110 to 140 personnel. In the British Army, an officer may hold this rank for up to three years.

There is great variation in the insignia used worldwide. In most English-speaking and Arabic-speaking countries, as well as a number of European and South American nations, full lieutenants (and equivalents) usually wear two stars (pips) and second lieutenants (and equivalents) one. An example of an exception is the United States, whose armed forces distinguish their lieutenant ranks with one silver bar for first lieutenant and one gold (brass) bar for second lieutenant.
In many Navies including the United States Navy, a lieutenant is the equivalent rank to an army captain and a lieutenant (junior grade) is the same as an army first lieutenant. The equivalent to a second lieutenant is the naval rank of ensign.



