Tony Siragusa

Anthony "Tony" Siragusa Sr. (May 14, 1967 – June 22, 2022), nicknamed "Goose", was an American football field analyst and former player. He covered the National Football League for Fox Sports. Siragusa played college football for the University of Pittsburgh. 

Siragusa also had a professional career as a defensive tackle. He made the Indianapolis Colts roster as an undrafted free agent in 1990. He signed with the Baltimore Ravens in 1997. In 2000, Siragusa was part of a great Baltimore defense that won Super Bowl XXXV. Siragusa retired after the 2001 NFL season.

"Goose" was known for his "fun and loose" personality.

Siragusa was married and had three children.

On June 22, 2022, Siragusa died in his sleep at his home in Ortley Beach, New Jersey, at the age of 55.

Iburi Province

, also called Ifuri, was a old province of Japan on the island of Hokkaido. The history of the province started in 1869 and ended in 1882.

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what is today called Iburi Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Iburi Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Iburi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Iburi and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Ali Eisner

Ali Eisner (born 13 May 1973) is a puppeteer, writer, musician and composer on/for children's television. She can currently be seen on Kids' CBC as "Mamma Yamma" (a fry cook who lives in Kensington Market), on TVO Kids as "Jay" the Blue Jay, and as "Banjo" on PBS's "The Let's Go Show".

Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement

The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (or ACTA) is an international treaty that wants to make it easier to fight product piracy to protect intellectual property. This includes fighting counterfeits and copyright infringement, and imposing stricter regulations on generic drugs. ACTA is based on an earlier agreement called TRIPS.

Japan is the only country that has ratified this. European Union also has signed it but many people in Europe is against the Agreement because it can violate human rights especially the freedom of expression and privacy.

Earnest Byner

Earnest Alexander Byner (born September 15, 1962) is an American professional football coach and former running back. He is famous for one well known mistake while playing with the Cleveland Browns. While playing against the Denver Broncos in a 1986 playoff game, Byner fumbled at the Denver one yard line, which led to a Broncos victory. The play was called "The Fumble." Byner immediately became an assistant coach after his playing days were over.

Generic drug

A generic drug is a drug that uses the same active ingredients than another drug, which is already on the market. This second drug often uses a brand name. The German company Bayer developed an analgesic based on acetylsalicylic acid in the late 19th century. It marketed the drug as "Aspirin". The drug is no longer under copyright, and anyone can produce a drug with the same active substances, but they may not call that drug Aspirin, because that is a trade name. Very often, such drugs are marketed with the name of the main active substance, and the name of the company producing the drug. In most cases generic drugs are cheaper to buy than the branded alternatives.

Super Bowl XXV

Super Bowl XXV was the 25th Super Bowl played. It was between the Buffalo Bills and Green Bay Packers. Buffalo beat Green Bay 29-6. Scott Norwood's last second field goal to win for the Bills went wide right. This started a four-game super Bowl-losing streak for the Bills. The game was played at Tampa Stadium.

Electrical conduit

Conduit is a tube that electrical wires are run through. Conduit protects the wire from damage. The most common type of conduit is called electrical metallic tubing (EMT). Conduit is common in commercial and industrial installations, and in garages and unfinished basements in homes. General wiring in homes is usually done with NM cable (commonly referred to by the trade name Romex), not conduit. Conduit is usually made of metal, but it can also be made of plastic.

Víctor Casadesús

Víctor Manuel Casadesús Castaño, usually just called Víctor (born 28 February 1985 in Palma, Majorca, Balearic Islands), is a Spanish footballer. He plays for RCD Mallorca as a forward.

Víctor played for Spain at the 2004 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. He scored for Spain in the 2–2 semifinal draw (which they won in a penalty shootout) over Ukraine. He eventually got into the U-21s.



GPGPU

GPGPU stands for General-Purpose computation on Graphics Processing Units. It refers to using a Graphics Processing Unit to perform tasks normally done by a central processing unit.

GPUs are stronger than CPUs of the same price only for jobs that can be split up into many subtasks internally. Like playing videos and rendering graphics in video games. Likewise, CPUs are stronger than GPUs of the same price for jobs that cannot be split up.

Lee Unkrich

Lee Unkrich (born August 8, 1967) is an American director, editor, and screenwriter. He was the director of "Toy Story 3" (2010). He also helped direct other Pixar movies. These include "Toy Story 2", "Monsters, Inc." and "Finding Nemo". Unkrich was born in Cleveland, Ohio.


In the Bleachers

In the Bleachers is a comic that comments on, and lampoons, sports. It was created in 1985 by cartoonist Steve Moore. It is syndicated internationally by Universal Press Syndicate.


Former Provinces of Hokkaidō

The Former Provinces of Hokkaido were created by the Meiji period government of Japan in 1869. They lasted only until the creation of prefectures.

In 1869, the island of Hokkaidō was organized into 11 provinces. 

Other than the Hokkaido provinces, the majority of Japan's former provinces were converted into prefectures by the Meiji government between 1870 and 1876.

The Hokkaidō provinces were dissolved in 1882. In that year, they were replaced with Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture. 

In 1886, Hakodate, Sapporo and Nemuro prefectures were abolished. The reform replaced with another entity called the . 

In 1947, Hokkaido Prefecture was established. The old provincial boundaries are mirrored in the island's subprefectures.

Although the 19th century provinces of Hokkaidō lasted for only a short time, the subdivisions of the land of the island are very much like those which still exist.

 was in the area of the islands of Kunashiri and Etorofu and the Kuril Islands.
 was in the area of Hidaka Subprefecture

 was in the area of Iburi Subprefecture.

 was in the area of Ishikari Subprefecture.

 was in the area of Sōya Subprefecture and Abashiri Subprefecture.

 was in the area of Kushiro Subprefecture and part of Abashiri Subprefecture. 

 was in the area of the mainland portion of Nemuro Subprefecture.

 was in the area of the southern part of Oshima Subprefecture and Hiyama Subprefecture. 

 was in the area of the southern part of Shiribeshi Subprefecture,

 was in the area of Rumoi Subprefecture and the northern half of Kamikawa Subprefecture. 

 was in the area of Tokachi Subprefecture.


Urinary tract infection

A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection caused by bacteria in the urinary tract. The urinary tract is: the kidneys, ureters, the urinary bladder, and urethra. Symptoms of a UTI may be painful peeing, frequent peeing, or wanting to pee (or both). Symptoms of a kidney infection include fever and side and back pain. In older people and young children, the symptoms are not always clear. Often the main cause of a UTI is the bacteria "Escherichia coli." Other bacteria, viruses, or fungi may be the cause less often. 

Women get urinary tract infections more often than men. Half of women have an infection at some point in their lives. It is common for a person to have many UTI infections in their life. One risk factor for having a UTI is sexual intercourse. Sometimes a person who has a bladder infection will get a kidney infection. Kidney infection may also, but rarely, be caused by bacteria in the blood. Diagnosis in young healthy women can be based on symptoms alone. Sometimes, the urine needs to be tested. A person with frequent infections can take low-dose antibiotics to prevent future infections.

Antibiotics are used to treat simple cases of urinary tract infections. Resistance to antibiotics is increasing. People who have complicated urinary tract infections sometimes have to take antibiotics for a longer time, or might take antibiotics intravenously (through a vein). If symptoms have not improved in two or three days, the person will need further tests. In women, urinary tract infections are the most common form of bacterial infection. 10% of women develop urinary tract infections each year.

Urinary Tract Infections (UTIs) can damage many urinary system components.


Lower urinary tract infection is also known as a bladder infection. The most common symptoms are burning with peeing and having to pee frequently (or wanting to pee) without vaginal discharge or significant pain. These symptoms can vary from mild to severe. In healthy women, the symptoms last an average of six days. Some people will have pain above the pubic bone (lower abdomen) or in the lower back. People who have an upper urinary tract infection, or pyelonephritis (a kidney infection), can have flank pain, fever (a high temperature), or nausea and vomiting. Those symptoms are in addition to the normal symptoms of a lower urinary tract infection. In rare cases the urine looks bloody or contains visible pyuria (pus in the urine).

In young children, fever can be the only symptom of a urinary tract infection (UTI). Many medical associations recommend a urine culture for females younger than two year old or uncircumcised males who are younger than a year and have a fever. Infants with UTI sometimes eat poorly, vomit, sleep more, or show signs of jaundice ( a yellow coloring of the skin). Older children can have new urinary incontinence (loss of bladder control).

Urinary tract symptoms are frequently not seen in those who are old. Sometimes, the only symptoms are incontinence (loss of bladder control), a change in mental status (ability to think), or feeling tired. The first symptom for some old people is sepsis, an infection of the blood. Diagnosis can be difficult because many old people are incontinent (cannot hold their pee) or have dementia (poor thinking abilities).

"E. coli" is the cause of 80–85% of urinary tract infections. "Staphylococcus saprophyticus" is the cause in 5–10% of cases. In rare cases, viral or fungal infections cause urinary tract infections Other bacterial causes of UTI include:
These bacterial causes are not common and usually happen when the person has an abnormal urinary system or the person has a urinary catheterization (tube inserted into the bladder. Urinary tract infections due to"Staphylococcus aureus" usually happens after the person has had a blood infection.

Sexual intercourse is the cause of 75–90% of bladder infections in young, sexually active women. The risk of infection is related to how often they have sex. With UTIs so frequent when women first get married, the term "honeymoon cystitis" is often used. In post-menopausal women (women who have stopped menstruating), sexual activity does not affect the risk of developing a UTI. Using spermicide (a gel or cream to kill sperm) increases the risk of UTIs.

Women get more UTIs than men because women have a urethra that is much shorter and closer to the anus. As a woman's estrogen (a hormone) levels decrease with menopause, the risk of urinary tract infections increases due to the loss of protective vaginal flora (good bacterial that live in the vagina).

A urinary catheter is a tube that is put into the bladder to drain the urine. Using a catheter increases the risk for urinary tract infections. The risk of bacteriuria (bacteria in the urine) is 3% - 6% every day the catheter is used. Antibiotics do not stop these infections. The risk of an infection can be decreased by:

Bladder infections are more common in some families. Other risk factors include diabetes, being circumcised, and having a large prostate (a gland around the urethra in males). Complicating factors are not completely clear. These factors may include some anatomic problems (relating to physical narrowing), functional, or metabolic problems. A complicated UTI is more difficult to treat and usually needs more aggressive evaluation, treatment, and follow-up. In children, UTIs are linked to vesicoureteral reflux (an abnormal movement of urine from the bladder into ureters or kidneys) and constipation.

The bacteria that cause urinary tract infections usually go into the bladder from the uretha. It is believed these bacteria come from the bowel. Females are at greater risk because they have a short urethra that is close to their anus). After entering the bladder, "E. Coli" are able to stick to the bladder wall. They form a biofilm, which is a coating of microorganisms, that resists the body's immune response. However, infections can also come through the blood or lymph.

The following activities do not cause a UTI or make them happen less frequently: 

People who often get UTIs and who use spermicide or a diaphragm for birth control should use a different type of birth control. Cranberry (juice or capsules) may decrease the number of infections, but some people cannot use cranberries for long periods of time. Gastrointestinal (stomach) upset occurs in more than 30% of people who regularly drink cranberry juice or take capsules. As of 2011, probiotics used intravaginally (in the vagina) require further study to determine if they are helpful.

For people who keep getting infections, taking antibiotics for a long time is helpful. Drugs frequently used include nitrofurantoin and trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole. If infections are related to sexual intercourse, some women find it useful to take antibiotics after sex. In post-menopausal women, using topical vaginal estrogen (a hormone applied to the skin of the vagina) has been found to reduce getting a UTI. Unlike topical creams, the use of vaginal estrogen from pessaries (medical devices put in the vagina is not as useful as low-dose antibiotics. A number of vaccines were being developed as of 2011.

There is little evidence that using preventative antibiotics decreases urinary tract infections in children. It is rare for people who have no problems with their kidneys to develop kidney problems from frequent UTIs. Having frequent urinary tract infections as a child causes less than a third of a percent (0.33%) of chronic kidney disease in adults.

In most cases, UTIs can be diagnosed just from the symptoms and there is no need for laboratory testing. Urinalysis (testing the urine) can be used to confirm the diagnosis in complicated cases. The urine is tested for urinary nitrites, white blood cells (leukocytes), or leukocyte esterase. Another test, urine microscopy, looks for red blood cells, white blood cells, or bacteria. Urine culture is considered positive if it shows a bacterial colony count of greater than or equal to 10 colony-forming units per mL of a typical bacteria that causes infections of the urinary tract. Cultures can also be used to test which antibiotic will work. However, women with negative cultures can still improve with antibiotic treatment. UTI symptoms in old people can be vague, and diagnosis can be difficult as there is no really reliable test.

A urinary tract infection in the lower urinary tract is known as a bladder infection. A UTI in the upper urinary tract is known as pyelonephritis or kidney infection. If the urine has significant bacteria, but there are no symptoms, the condition is known as asymptomatic bacteriuria.

A urinary tract infection is said to be complicated if:

Otherwise if a person (can be either male or female) is healthy, the infection is said to be uncomplicated. When children also have a fever, the urinary tract infection is considered to be an upper urinary tract infection.

To diagnose a urinary tract infection in children, a positive urinary culture is required. Contamination poses a frequent challenge so a cutoff of 10 CFU/mL is used for a "clean-catch" mid-stream sample, 10 CFU/mL is used for catheter-obtained specimens, and 10 CFU/mL is used for suprapubic aspirations (a sample drawn directly from the bladder through the stomach wall with a needle). The World Health Organization does not like the use of “urine bags” to collect samples because there is a high rate of contamination when that urine is cultured. Catheterization is preferred if an individual is unable to use a toilet. Some medical groups, such as the American Academy of Pediatrics, recommend renal ultrasound and voiding cystourethrogram (watching a person's urethra and urinary bladder with real time X-rays while they urinate) in all children who are younger than 2 years old and have had a urinary tract infection.Other medical groups such as the National Institute for Clinical Excellence recommend routine imaging only in babies younger than 6 months old or who have unusual findings.

In women with cervicitis (inflammation of the cervix) or vaginitis (inflammation of the vagina) and in young men with UTI symptoms, a "Chlamydia trachomatis" or "Neisseria gonorrheae" infection may be the cause. Vaginitis may also be due to a yeast infection. Interstitial cystitis (chronic pain in the bladder) can be the cause for people who have UTI symptoms many times, but whose urine cultures remain negative and do not improved with antibiotics. Prostatitis (inflammation of the prostate) may also be considered in the differential diagnosis.

Phenazopyridine can be used in addition to antibiotics to help ease the burning pain of a bladder infection. However, phenazopyridine is no longer commonly recommended due to safety concerns. It can cause methemoglobinemia, which means there is higher than normal level of methemoglobin in the blood. Acetaminophen can be used for fevers.

Women who keep getting simple UTIs can benefit from self-treatment; these women should get medical treatment medical only if the initial treatment fails. Health care providers may also prescribe the antibiotics by phone.

Simple infections can be diagnosed and treated based on symptoms alone. Oral antibiotics such as trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole (TMP/SMX), cephalosporins, nitrofurantoin, or a fluoroquinolone will shorten the time to recovery. All these drugs are equally effective. A three-day treatment with trimethoprim, TMP/SMX, or a fluoroquinolone is usually enough. Nitrofurantoin needs 5–7 days. With treatment, symptoms should improve within 36 hours. About 50% of people will get better without treatment within a few days or weeks. The Infectious Diseases Society of America does not recommend fluoroquinolones as first treatment because of concerns that overuse will lead to resistance to this class of drugs, making these drugs less effective for more serious infections. Despite this precaution, some resistance has developed to all of these drugs because to their widespread use. In some countries, trimethoprim alone is deemed to be equivalent to TMP/SMX. Children with simple UTIs are often helped by a three-day course of antibiotics.

Pyelonephritis (kidney infection) is treated more aggressively than a simple bladder infection using either a longer course of oral antibiotics or intravenous antibiotics. Seven days of the oral fluoroquinolone ciprofloxacin is typically used in geographic areas where the resistance rate is less than 10%. If the local resistance rates are greater than 10%, a dose of intravenous ceftriaxone often is prescribed. People with more severe symptoms are sometimes admitted a hospital for ongoing antibiotics. If symptoms do not improve following two or three days of treatment, it can mean that the urinary tract is blocked by a kidney stone.

Urinary tract infections are the most frequent bacterial infection in women. They occur most frequently between the ages of 16 and 35 years. 10% of women get an infection yearly; 60% have an infection at some point in their lives. Nearly half of people get a second infection within a year. Urinary tract infections occur four times more frequently in females than males. Pyelonephritis occurs between 20–30 times less frequently than bladder infections. Pyelonephritis is the most common cause of hospital acquired infections, accounting for approximately 40% of hospital-acquired infections. Rates of asymptomatic bacteria in the urine increase with age from 2% to 7% in women of childbearing age to as high as 50% in elderly women in care homes. Rates of aysmtomatic bacteria in the urine among men over 75 are 7-10%.

Urinary tract infections can affect 10% of people during childhood. Urinary tract infections in children are the most common in uncircumcised males younger than 3 months of age, followed by females younger than one year. Estimates of frequency among children, however, vary widely. In a group of children with a fever, ranging in age between birth and 2 years, 2- 20% were diagnosed with a UTI.

In the United States, urinary tract infections lead to nearly seven million office visits, a million emergency department visits, and 100,000 hospitalizations every year. The cost of these infections is high due to both lost time at work and costs of medical care. The direct cost of treatment is estimated at 1.6 billion USD yearly in the United States.

Urinary tract infections have been described since ancient times. The first written description, found in the Ebers Papyrus, dates to around 1550 BC. The Egyptians described a urinary tract infection as "sending forth heat from the bladder." Herbs, bloodletting, and rest were the common treatments until the 1930s, when antibiotics became available. Sulphonamides became available around 1935.

Pregnant women with UTIs have a higher risk of kidney infections. During pregnancy, high progesterone (a hormone) levels decreased muscle tone of the ureters and bladder. Decreased muscle tone leads to a greater likelihood of reflux, where urine flows back up the ureters and toward the kidneys. If bacteria are present, pregnant women have a 25-40% risk of a kidney infection. Thus treatment is recommended if urine testing shows signs of an infection—even in the absence of symptoms. Cephalexin or nitrofurantoin are typically used because those medications are generally considered safe in pregnancy. A kidney infection during pregnancy may result in premature birth or pre-eclampsia (a state of high blood pressure, kidney dysfunction, or seizures).

Thumbelina

"Thumbelina" () is a fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. 
The tale was first printed by C. A. Reitzel on 16 December 1835 in Copenhagen, Denmark. "Thumbelina" is about a tiny girl. She has several adventures with a toad, a mole, a field mouse, and other creatures of field and forest. At the end, she meets and falls in love with a flower-fairy prince just her size. 

"Thumbelina" was one of nine fairy tales Andersen printed between 1835 and 1837 in a series of three booklets. These booklets were called "Fairy Tales Told for Children". "Thumbelina" appeared in the second booklet with "The Naughty Boy" and "The Traveling Companion". The first booklet included "The Tinderbox", "Great Claus and Little Claus", "The Princess and the Pea", and "Little Ida's Flowers". The third booklet was printed in 1837. Only two tales, "The Little Mermaid" and "The Emperor's New Clothes", appeared in the third and final booklet. 

"Thumbelina" is completely Andersen's invention. He did however know tales about tiny people such as "Tom Thumb" and the six-inch tall Lilliputians in "Gulliver's Travels". He may have taken some inspiration from these tales. Andersen's tales were not liked by the Danish critics. They did not like their casual style and their lack of morals. One critic liked "Thumbelina". He called it "delightful". The tale has been adapted to an animated movie and a live-action television programme.

A woman wants a baby. She asks a witch to help her. The witch gives the woman a barleycorn. She tells the woman to plant it, and wait for what will happen. The barleycorn is planted, and a flower grows. When the woman kisses the flower, it pops open to reveal tiny Thumbelina. 

One night, Thumbelina is asleep in her walnut-shell cradle. She is carried off by a toad who hops through an open window. The toad wants the tiny girl as a bride for her son. She puts Thumbelina on a lily pad for safekeeping. Thumbelina escapes the toad with the help of friendly fish and a white butterfly. She floats away on the lily pad.

She is suddenly snatched and carried away by a cockchafer (beetle). The beetle's friends are proud and arrogant. Thumbelina is not of their social class. They take a dislike to her at once. The beetle drops her without a second thought, and flies away. 

Thumbelina lives alone as best she can in the fields. When winter comes, she needs to find a place to live. She is finally given a home by an old field mouse. Thumbelina thanks the mouse by taking care of her little house. 

The mouse thinks Thumbelina should marry her neighbor, a smart and well-to-do mole. Thumbelina finds the idea of being married to such a creature hateful. After all, he spends all of his days underground and never sees the sun or sky. 

The field mouse does not listen to Thumbelina's protests. She continues to urge the marriage. At the last minute, Thumbelina flies away with a swallow to a far, sunny land. Thumbelina brought the swallow back to health during the winter. They have been friends ever since. 

The swallow carries Thumbelina to a sunny land. In a field of flowers, Thumbelina meets a tiny flower-fairy prince just her size and to her liking. They wed. Her husband gives her a pair of wings so she can fly with him on his travels from flower to flower. She is given a new name, Maia. 

In the last page of the story, the swallow has flown to a poet's window, and tells him the complete story of Thumbelina.

"Note:" Mary Howitt was the first to translate the story into English. She disliked the encounter with the witch. In her translation, she starts the tale with a beggar woman giving a peasant's wife a barleycorn in exchange for food. Once the barleycorn is planted, tiny Thumbelina (Tommelise) emerges from its flower.

Hans Christian Andersen was born in Odense, Denmark on 2 April 1805. His father was Hans Andersen, a shoemaker. His mother was Anne Marie Andersdatter, a laundress. Andersen was an only and a spoiled child. He shared a love of books with his father. His father read him "The Arabian Nights" and the fables of Jean de la Fontaine. Together, they built panoramas, pop-up pictures, and toy theatres. Father and son took long walks into the countryside.

Andersen's father died in 1816. From then on, Andersen was on his own. Andersen was a tall, thin boy who was bullied by other boys. He wanted to escape them, and his poor, illiterate mother. He advertised his artistic talents to the middle class of Odense. He sang and danced in their homes. On 4 September 1819, the fourteen-year-old Andersen left Odense for Copenhagen with gifts of money he had received from his neighbors. He carried a letter of reference to the ballerina Madame Schall, and had dreams of becoming a poet, a ballet dancer, or an actor.

After three years in Copenhagen without someone to support him, Andersen finally found an interested gentleman in Jonas Collin, the director of the Royal Theatre. Collin believed in the boy's talents. He managed to have the king send Andersen to a grammar school in Slagelse, a country town in west Zealand. He thought Andersen would continue his education at Copenhagen University at the right time.

At Slagelse, Andersen was taught by the short, fat, balding thirty-five-year-old Simon Meisling. This man was interested in Ancient Greece and Rome, and had translated Virgil's "Aeneid". Andersen was not the brightest student in his class, and Meisling gave Andersen his sharp disapproval. "You're a stupid boy who will never make it," Meisling told him. Meisling is believed to be the model for the learned mole in "Thumbelina".

Fairy tale and folklore researchers Iona and Peter Opie believe that "Thumbelina" is a "distant tribute" to Andersen's friend, Henriette Wulff, the small, delicate, handicapped daughter of the Danish translator of Shakespeare. She loved Andersen as Thumbelina loves the swallow; however, there is no written evidence to support the "distant tribute" theory.

“Thumbelina” is completely Andersen’s invention. He knew other tales of little people such as the old English fairy tale of "Tom Thumb" and Jonathan Swift’s "Gulliver's Travels" with its tiny, six-inch Lilliputians. He may have found inspiration in these tales for "Thumbelina". He knew Voltaire‘s short story, “Micromégas“ (with its cast of huge and tiny peoples), and E. T. A. Hoffmann’s hallucinatory, erotic tale "Meister Floh". In Hoffmann's tale, a tiny lady torments the hero. A tiny girl also appears in Andersen‘s prose fantasy, "A Journey on Foot from Holmen's Canal to the East Point of Amager" (1828). Another image from literature similar to Andersen’s tiny being inside a flower is found in E. T. A. Hoffmann’s "Princess Brambilla” (1821).

Andersen printed two booklets of "Fairy Tales Told for Children" in 1835. The first booklet was printed in May, and the second in December. "Thumbelina" was first printed in the December booklet by C. A. Reitzel on 16 December 1835 in Copenhagen. "Thumbelina" was the first tale in the booklet. The booklet included two other tales: "The Naughty Boy" and "The Traveling Companion". "Thumbelina" was printed again in collections of Andersen's works in 1850 and 1862. 

The second booklet of "Fairy Tales Told for Children" featured "The Tinderbox", "Great Claus and Little Claus", "The Princess and the Pea", and "Little Ida's Flowers". The third booklet, printed in 1837, included "The Little Mermaid" and "The Emperor's New Clothes".

The first reviews of the seven tales of 1835 did not appear until 1836. The Danish critics did not like them. They thought the informal, chatty style of the tales and their lack of morals were not appropriate for children’s stories. One critic however thought that "Thumbelina" was “the most delightful fairy tale you could wish for.”

The critics did not believe Andersen should write other fairy tales. One journal never mentioned the first seven tales at all. Another advised Andersen not to waste his time writing fairy tales. One critic stated that Andersen "lacked the usual form of that kind of poetry [...] and would not study models". Andersen felt he was working against their ideas of what a fairy tale should be. He returned to writing novels, believing that this was his true calling. The critical reaction to the 1835 tales was so rough that Andersen waited a year before printing "The Little Mermaid" and "The Emperor's New Clothes". These two tales appeared in the third and final booklet of "Fairy Tales Told for Children" in 1837.

Mary Howitt was the first to translate "Tommelise" into English. She printed it in 1846 as "Thumbelina" in "Wonderful Stories for Children". However, she did not approve of the opening scene with the witch. Instead, she had the childless woman provide bread and milk to a hungry beggar woman. The childless woman was then rewarded with a barleycorn.

Charles Boner also translated the tale in 1846 as "Little Ellie". Madame de Chatelain called the tiny child 'Little Totty' in her 1852 translation. The editor of "The Child's Own Book" (1853) called the child throughout, 'Little Maja'. H. W. Dulcken's widely printed volumes of Andersen's tales appeared in 1864 and 1866. Mrs. H. B. Paulli translated the name as 'Little Tiny' in the late-nineteenth century.

In the twentieth century, Erik Christian Haugaard translated the name as 'Inchelina' in 1974. Jeffrey and Diane Crone Frank translated the name as 'Thumbelisa' in 2005. Modern English translations of "Thumbelina" are found in the six-volume complete edition of Andersen's tales from the 1940s by Jean Hersholt. Erik Christian Haugaard’s translation of the complete tales was published in 1974.

Fairy tale and folklore researchers Iona and Peter Opie have written that "Thumbelina" is an adventure story from the female point of view. They believe the story teaches the reader that people are happiest with their own kind. Thumbelina is a passive character and the victim of circumstances, they point out. Her male counterpart Tom Thumb (one of the tale’s inspirations) is an active character. He makes himself felt, and exerts himself.

Folklorist Maria Tatar sees “Thumbelina” as a runaway bride story. She notes that it has been viewed as an allegory about arranged marriages. She points out that "Thumbelina" is a fable about being true to one’s heart. "Thumbelina" upholds the notion that the love of a prince is to be valued above all else. 

Tatar points out that in Hindu belief, a thumb-sized being known as the innermost self or soul dwells in the heart of all beings, human or animal. This concept may have absorbed by European folklore, then taken form as Tom Thumb and Thumbelina. Both characters seek transfiguration and redemption. She sees parallels between Andersen’s tale and the Greek myth of Demeter and her daughter, Persephone. Despite the pagan references in the tale, she notes that "Thumbelina" refers to Christ‘s suffering and resurrection, and the Christian concept of salvation.

Andersen biographer Jackie Wullschlager writes that “Thumbelina” was the first of Andersen's tales to dramatize the sufferings and hardships of one who is different. As a result of being different, Thumbelina becomes the object of mockery. It was also the first of Andersen's tales to use the swallow as the symbol of the poetic soul. Andersen identified with the swallow as a migratory bird whose pattern of life his own traveling days were beginning to resemble.

Roger Sale believes Andersen's feelings of social and sexual inferiority were expressed in the tale by creating characters that are inferior to their beloveds. The Little Mermaid, for example, has no soul while her human beloved has a soul as his birthright. In “Thumbelina”, Andersen suggests the toad, the beetle, and the mole are Thumbelina’s inferiors. They should remain in their places rather than wanting their superior. Sale indicates they are not inferior to Thumbelina but simply "different". He suggests that Andersen may have done some damage to the animal world when he colored his animal characters with his own feelings of inferiority.

Jacqueline Banerjee views the tale as a story about failure. “Not surprisingly,“ she writes, “”Thumbelina“ is now often read as a story of specifically female empowerment.“ Susie Stephens believes Thumbelina herself is a grotesque. She observes that “the grotesque in children’s literature is [...] a necessary and beneficial component that enhances the psychological welfare of the young reader“. Children are attracted to the cathartic qualities of the grotesque, she suggests. 

Sidney Rosenblatt in his essay, "Thumbelina and the Development of Female Sexuality" believes the tale may be analyzed from the perspective of Freudian psychosexual development. He believes the story is one of female masturbation. Thumbelina herself, he posits, could symbolize the clitoris, her rose petal coverlet the labia, the white butterfly "the budding genitals", and the mole and the prince the anal and vaginal openings respectively.

"Thumbelina" has been adapted to different media. The earliest animated version of the tale is a silent, black-and-white release by director Herbert M. Dawley in 1924. Lotte Reiniger released a 10-minute movie adaptation in 1954 featuring her "silhouette" puppets.

Don Bluth's full-length animated movie, "Thumblina" may be one of the best known versions. The story was also adapted to the live-action television program, "Faerie Tale Theatre". This production starred Carrie Fisher. The direct-to-DVD animated movie, "Barbie Presents Thumbelina" was released in 2009. Russia and Japan have also released animated productions.


Mike McGlone

Michael "Mike" McGlone (born 10 August 1972) is an American actor, singer, songwriter, and comedian. He is best known as the GEICO insurance spokesperson.

Puss in Boots

"Puss in Boots" is a fairy tale. It was written/recorded by Charles Perrault. The story is the classic "animal as helper" tale. It is about a cat who uses tricks and lies to gain power, money, and a princess in marriage for his lowborn master. The story first appeared in a handwritten manuscript in 1695 with four other tales by Perrault. It was published in Paris in 1697 by Claude Barbin in "Histoires ou contes du temps passé" (), a collection of eight fairy tales by Perrault. The book was a great success. 

A tale from Gianfrancesco Straparola's "Le piacevoli notti" () (1550-55) and another from Giambattista Basile's "Pentamerone" (1634) are similar to "Puss in Boots". Straparola's story was published in France in 1560. It may have influenced Perrault. "Pentamerone" was not published in France during Perrault's lifetime. It is not likely he knew Basile's tale. 

A miller dies. He leaves a cat to his youngest son. The cat requests a pair of boots. He tells the boy he will make his fortune. The cat makes friends with the king by bringing him a wild game in the name of his master. One day, the king rescues the boy from drowning. He dresses him in clothes from his own wardrobe. The king's daughter falls in love with the handsome boy at once. The cat takes possession of a castle for his master by killing an ogre. The boy marries the king's daughter.


Golden Sun

Golden Sun is a Game Boy Advance handheld role-playing video game. It was developed by Camelot and published in 2001 by Nintendo. It's the first of the "Golden Sun" series. In Japan, it's named Ōgon no Taiyō Hirakareshi Fūin (, meaning "Golden Sun: The Broken Seal"). In 2003, the second of the series named "" was released. The game's "Djinn" setting is unusual.

The game's story take place on a magic world named "Weyard". It's an alchemy world, and alchemy can be controlled by adepts. Long long ago, Alchemy was sealed, but one day some young adepts let it return to Weyard. To keep world safety, they have to travel to let alchemy be sealed again.

IGN's Craig Harris said "Golden Sun" "is the best game in all 2D-based Japanese RPG".

Stories or Tales of Past Times

Stories or Tales from Past Times () is a collection of eight fairy tales by Charles Perrault. It was published in Paris in 1697 by Claude Barbin. The collection is also known as "Mother Goose's Tales" (). The eight tales are "The Sleeping Beauty in the Wood", "Little Red Riding Hood", "Bluebeard", "Puss in Boots", "Diamonds and Toads", "Cinderella", "Rickey with the Tuft", and "Hop o' My Thumb". Later editions included three verse tales by Perrault: "Griselda", "The Silly Wishes", and "Donkeyskin". The stories have been translated into many languages. They have been published around the world.


Bluebeard

"Bluebeard" () is a fairy tale by Charles Perrault. It first appeared in a handwritten and illustrated manuscript in 1695 titled "Contes de ma mère l'oye" (). The deluxe volume was intended for Mademoiselle, the 19-year-old niece of Louis XIV. It included four other tales by Perrault. "Bluebeard" was first published anonymously in January 1697 in Paris by Claude Barbin in "Histoires ou contes du temps passé" (), a collection of eight fairy tales by Perrault. The tale is about a cruel man who murders his wives so that he will inherit their wealth. He puts their corpses in a secret room opened only by a magic key.

Jacque Barchilon believes the tale is original with Perrault because there are no close antecedants. The taboo of the forbidden room is found in eastern literature, and Barchilon writes that the tale has an "Oriental character". He points out that the French associated beards with Turkish fashions, and early illustrations depict Bluebeard wearing a turban-like headdress.

Medieval murderer of children Gilles de Rais may have been the inspiration for the character of Bluebeard. De Rais was a Marshal of France and Joan of Arc's military companion. His victims (mostly young boys) were said to number 140. The Breton king Comorre the Cursed (c.500 AD) is another candidate. Tales similar to "Bluebeard" include "The Fitcher's Bird" by the Brothers Grimm and the English tale "Mr. Fox".

A rich man has a blue beard which frightens young women. He has been married several times but no one knows what has happened to his wives. He woos two young sisters in the neighborhood but neither are inclined to consider marriage. He treats them to a lavish time in his country house. The younger sister decides to marry him. Shortly after the wedding (and before he travels to a far land on business), Bluebeard gives his wife the keys to his house. One key opens a door to a distant room. He forbids her to enter this room. He leaves and his wife opens the door to the forbidden room. Here she finds Bluebeard's former wives, all dead and lying on a floor covered with blood. She drops the key. It is magic and becomes stained with blood that cannot be washed away. Bluebeard returns. He discovers the blood-stained key and knows his wife has disobeyed his order. He tells her she will take her place among the dead. He grants her a few minutes to pray. She calls her sister Anne and asks her to go to the top of the tower to see if her brothers are on the road. After several tense moments, Anne reports seeing the men approaching. Bluebeard raises a cutlass to decapitate his wife. Her brothers burst into the room. They kill Bluebeard. Their sister is safe.


All That Heaven Allows

All That Heaven Allows is a 1955 romantic drama movie. It stars Jane Wyman and Rock Hudson. Douglas Sirk directed. It is based on a story by Edna L. Lee and Harry Lee. The movie was produced by Ross Hunter, and released by Universal Pictures. It was chosen for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.

Cary Scott is a rich widow. Her social life is dull. It centers on her two adult children, her country club friends, and a couple of men with romantic hopes. She falls in love with young landscape designer Ron Kirby. He is her social inferior. He proposes and she says yes. Her children and friends disapprove. Because of this, Cary ends the relationship with Ron. Cary returns to her lonely life. She sees other women getting engaged and living lives of happiness. She finds the courage to defy social norms and commits to loving Ron.

Bosley Crowther did not like the movie. He wrote, "The script was obviously written to bring [Wyman] and Mr. Hudson, who made a popular twosome in the "Magnificent Obsession", together again. Solid and sensible drama plainly had to give way to outright emotional bulldozing and a paving of easy clichés."

Imitation of Life (1959 movie)

Imitation of Life is a 1959 American romantic drama movie. It stars Lana Turner, John Gavin, Juanita Moore, Susan Kohner, and Sandra Dee. Douglas Sirk directed. The movie is based on a book by Fannie Hurst. It was produced by Ross Hunter and released by Universal Pictures. The movie tells the story of two women and their daughters over the years.

Madame X (1966 movie)

Madame X is a movie from 1966 starring Lana Turner, Constance Bennett, John Forsythe, Ricardo Montalbán, Burgess Meredith, and Keir Dullea. It was directed by David Lowell Rich and produced by Ross Hunter.

Holly Parker marries a rich and ambitious politician named Clayton Anderson (Forsythe). He is often travelling. Holly steps out now and then with Phil (Montalbán). She breaks the relationship off, but Phil refuses to be dismissed. He dies while arguing with her.

Holly's mother-in-law (Bennett) realizes the scandal will destroy her son's political goals. She tells Holly to disappear forever by staging a fake drowning. She does so, and flees to Europe.

The years pass. Holly drinks heavily and pals around with Dan (Meredith). They return to America. Holly discovers Dan plans to blackmail her husband. She kills him. She refuses to reveal her identity to the police, and signs a confession with the letter "X".

The court assigns her an attorney who happens to be her son Clayton Jr. (Dullea). The trial is nerve wracking for Holly. Weary and ill, she dies in jail without revealing that she is her attorney's mother.

Louis Vuitton

Louis Vuitton is a French fashion house formed in 1854 by Louis Vuitton. It sells shoes, watches, jewellery, accessories, sunglasses and books. It sells its products in boutiques. The products are still made by hand. In 1867, the company participated in the universal exhibition in Paris. To protect the duplication of his look, he changed the Trianon design to a beige and brown in 1876. The company opened its first store in London, England on Oxford Street. In 1959 he created purses, bags and wallets. In 1977, the company had an annual income of 70 million francs.

Shapley 1

Shapley 1 (also known as "Sp 1" or "PLN 329+2.1") is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Norma. The nebula was discovered by the astronomer Harlow Shapley in 1936 and it is about 1,000 lightyears away from Earth.

Pus

Pus is a fluid that is created as a result of certain inflammations in vertebrates. In vertebrates, white blood cells fight the inflammation. Neutrophils destroy the agents that cause the infection, for example bacteria, macrophages engulf and neutralise these agents. Pus is made of dead neutrophils and macrophages, mostly. In most cases, pus is the result of bacterial infection, but it can also result from other conditions, such as psoriasis.

Leptin

Leptin (from Greek λεπτός "leptos", "thin" or "light" or "small") is a hormone made by cells in fat tissue that reduces hunger. That helps the energy balance in the body. 

Leptin is opposed by the actions of the hormone ghrelin, the "hunger hormone". Both hormones act on receptors in the hypothalamus. They adjust appetite to get energy homeostasis. 

In obesity, a decreased sensitivity to leptin comes up. This leads to a feeling of hunger, despite high energy stores.

Although regulation of fat stores is the primary function of leptin, it also plays a role in other physiological processes. These additional functions are still being studied.

Leptin was recently discovered in 1994 by Jeffrey M. Friedman and colleagues at Rockefeller University. Its discovery is important in the study of obesity which has become a problem in western society. The importance of leptin was discovered through experiments done on mice in a laboratory. Scientists found that mice who had more leptin in their bodies were thinner and didn't need to eat as much. Leptin levels can be increased by reducing stress and having quality or restful sleep.


Pollyanna (1960 movie)

Pollyanna (1960) is a Walt Disney Productions movie. It stars child actress Hayley Mills and Jane Wyman. The movie is based on the 1913 children's novel "Pollyanna" by Eleanor Porter. David Swift wrote the screenplay and directed the movie. "Pollyanna" is the first of six movies Mills made for Disney. She won an Academy Juvenile Award for her performance as Pollyanna.

Pollyanna is an orphan. She arrives in the town of Harrington to live with her rich Aunt Polly. The girl is a happy youngster who believes in the goodness of life. She makes many friends. Aunt Polly controls the town because she is the richest citizen. The people of Harrington want an old orphanage rebuilt. Aunt Polly opposes the idea. The people defy Aunt Polly and plan a bazaar to raise funds for a new building. Aunt Polly is furious. She forbids Pollyanna to participate. On the evening of the bazaar however, Pollyanna slips away and has a wonderful time. She returns home. She tries to avoid her Aunt by climbing a tree outside her bedroom window. She falls and injures her legs. Her cheerful spirits sink, making recovery doubtful. The people of Harrington learn of Pollyanna's accident. They visit her and assure her that she is loved. Pollyanna's spirits return to their usual cheerfulness. She leaves for Baltimore with Aunt Polly to have an operation on her legs.

Tropaeolum

Tropaeolum is a genus of roughly 80 species of annual and perennial herbaceous flowering plants and the only genus in the family Tropaeolaceae. The genus "Tropaeolum" is native in Central America and South America. The roots of the specie T. polyphyllum from Chile can survive underground when air temperatures drop as low as -15°C (5°F).

Yun Hyu

Yun Hyu (Korean:윤휴, 尹鑴, October 14, 1617–May 20, 1680) was a Neo-Confucian scholar, politician, and soldier during the Korean Joseon Dynasty. His other names were Baegho (백호, 白湖) and Haheon (하헌, 夏軒). His Chinese style names were Du'goe (두괴, 斗魁) and Huijung (희중, 希仲). He was a middle-ranking member of the North Man party.




The Sleeping Beauty (ballet)

The Sleeping Beauty is a ballet in a prologue and three acts. Marius Petipa and Ivan Vsevolozhsky wrote the story of the ballet. It was based on Charles Perrault's 1697 fairy tale "The Sleeping Beauty in the Wood". Tchaikovsky wrote the music. Marius Petipa designed the dances. "The Sleeping Beauty" was first presented at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia, on 15 January 1890. Carlotta Brianza danced the Princess and Pavel Gerdt the Prince, with Marie Petipa as the Lilac Fairy and Enrico Cecchetti as Carabosse. It was first presented in Europe in a shortened version by the Ballets Russes in London on 2 November 1921. Catherine Littlefield designed the first complete "Sleeping Beauty" in the United States, and presented the production on 12 February 1937 at the Academy of Music, Philadelphia, with the Philadelphia Ballet.

About ten years after Tchaikovsky's "Swan Lake" was presented for the first time, Tchaikovsky was asked to write a ballet for the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg. The ballet would be based on Charles Perrault's fairy tale "The Sleeping Beauty in the Wood". Tchaikovsky was very happy this story had been chosen. It was set in the age of Louis XIV. He would have the chance to write music in the Baroque style.

Petipa gave Tchaikovsky very special directions about tempi, meter, and other musical matters. He even specified the length of particular pieces in exact numbers of bars. He asked for a Waltz in Act 1, a Mazurka in Act 2, and a Polonaise in Act 3. The ballet is tied together (and its drama and suspense heightened) through the repeated use of the two musical themes representing good and evil, personified by the Lilac Fairy and Carabosse respectively. Petipa's specifications stimulated Tchaikovsky's imagination, rather than hindered it as one might expect.

Tchaikovsky's interest in setting the tale reaches back to 1867. It was then that he wrote a little ballet on the story for the children of his sister Alexandra Davydova. He had done the same for "Swan Lake". In November 1888, he had a conference with theater officials and Petipa. A draft of the scenario was drawn up. Petipa provided Tchaikovsky with a detailed analysis of the musical requirements. The composer set to work, and finished the score on 1 September 1889.

A brief overture contrasts the themes of the malicious Carabosse and the benevolent Lilac Fairy. When the curtain rises, the court assembles for Princess Aurora's christening. Six fairies present their gifts. Carabosse, a fairy overlooked by the master of ceremonies, enters. She curses Aurora. The Princess shall die on her 16th birthday, she says, after pricking her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel. The remaining seventh fairy the Lilac Fairy comes forward. She cannot put the curse to rest, but she can soften it. The Princess shall not die, she commands, but sleep one hundred years. At the end of that term, a Prince will awaken her with true love's kiss.

Sixteen years after the christening of Princess Aurora, the court assembles in the palace gardens to celebrate Aurora's birthday. Villagers dance a waltz. Aurora dances an adagio with four noble suitors. Carabosse enters unnoticed and slips Aurora a spindle. The Princess pricks her finger on the spindle. She falls to the ground, sound asleep. The Princess is carried into the palace by the noble suitors. The Lilac Fairy puts the entire court to sleep, then causes a dense forest of trees and thorns to surround the castle.

"Scene 1." "The Prince's hunt. A woodland glade with a river in the background." The stage is empty. Hunting horns are heard. Prince Desire, his tutor Galifron, and his friends enter. They have paused in the hunt to take refreshments. Several dances are performed by various ladies of the court. The hunt is resumed. The Prince is tired so chooses to remain alone in the forest. Here, he meets the Lilac Fairy who emerges from a boat of mother of pearl on the river. She has chosen him as the prince to awaken princess Aurora, and presents various visions of the princess to him. He quickly falls in love with her from the visions and begs the Lilac Fairy to lead him to her. The Lilac Fairy guides him through the forest until they reach the enchanted castle where Aurora rests.

"Scene 2." "Sleeping Beauty's castle." The Sleeping Beauty lies on a canopied bed. The King and Queen sleep in armchairs nearby. The courtiers and pages sleep standing up and leaning upon one another. Dust and cobwebs cover everything. The Lilac Fairy and the Prince enter. He tries to rouse the Princess and the court, but without success. The Lilac Fairy stands aside without interfering. The Prince kisses the Princess. She awakens. The dust and cobwebs disappear. The court awakens. The King grants the marriage of the Prince and Princess.

"The Wedding of Prince Désiré and Princess Aurora on the esplanade of King Florestan's palace."
The court assembles to celebrate the marriage of Prince Désiré and Princess Aurora. The King and Queen make their entrances with the newlyweds. The festivities begin with a series of "divertissements". The Diamond, Gold, Silver, and Sapphire Fairies dance. Several fairy tale characters dance: Puss in Boots and the White Cat; the Bluebird and Princess Florine; Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf; Cinderella and Prince Fortuné; and finally Hop o' My Thumb with his brothers and the ogre. The Prince and Princess dance a "pas de deux". Roman, Persian, Indian, American, and Turkish characters dance a Sarabande. The act ends with a "tableau vivant" representing the Glory of the Fairies. This "tableau" was changed to represent the Glory of Apollo.


Human settlement

In archaeology, geography, and history, a human settlement is a place where people live, either permanently (all the time) or temporarily (only some of the time). When people go to an area to live there, it is called settling an area. When they come from far away it is sometimes called a colony. The term may include hamlets, villages, suburbs, towns and cities. Nomadic people do not settle. 

Microtia

Microtia meaning 'small ear' is a deformation of the outer ear. Over 90% of the time, only one ear is affected, but both ears can be affected. More boys are affected than girls. The right ear is more affected than the left. One in 1000 people have microtia. It can affect hearing. There are four grades of microtia:
Grade III is most common, and can be corrected by surgery.

Ishikari Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what is today called Ishikari Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Ishikari Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Ishikari Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Ishikari and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Kitami Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what are today called Sōya Subprefecture and Abashiri Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Kitami Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Kitami Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Kitami and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Kushiro Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what are today called Kushiro Subprefecture and part of Abashiri Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Kushiro Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Kushiro Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Kushiro and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Albert II

The name Albert II refers to :



Nemuro Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what is today called Nemuro Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Nemuro Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Nemuro Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Nemuro and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Queen Letizia of Spain

Queen Letizia of Spain ("Letizia Ortiz Rocasolano", born 15 September 1972), is the wife of Felipe VI of Spain, former Prince of Asturias, the heir apparent to the Spanish throne. 

Before her marriage to the prince, she worked as a journalist for several mass media companies. These included the Austrian newspaper "La Nueva España", "ABC" and EFE. She also presented the news on television. In 2000, she received the Larra Prize for her work as the best journalist under 30 years of age. 

In 1998, she married Alfonso Guerrero. The next year they divorced. Later she met the Prince Felipe at a dinner party. They married on May 22, 2004. Their daughter Leonor was born in October 2005. She is the second in the line of succession for the Spanish Crown. Sofía, her second daughter, was born in April 2007. 

Since her second wedding, she has had the title of Princess of Asturias. She accompanies her husband on official travel wherever she can. She very much likes fashion. People and the press are always noticing what she is wearing.

Following the abdication of her father-in-law in June 2014, her husband succeeded to the Spanish throne as Felipe VI with Letizia as his queen. 


Gianfrancesco Straparola

Giovanni Francesco "Gianfrancesco" Straparola, also known as Zoan or Zuan Francesco Straparola da Caravaggio (c. 1480 – c. 1557) was a writer from Caravaggio, Italy. His principal work is "Le piacevoli notti", a collection of 75 stories. Modelled on Decamerone, it has participants of a 13-night party in the island of Murano, near Venice, tell each other stories that vary from the bawdy to the fantastic.

Among the tales are:


Oshima Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what are today called Oshima Subprefecture and Hiyama Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Oshima Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Oshima Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Oshima and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Diamonds and Toads

"Diamonds and Toads" () is a fairy tale by Charles Perrault. It first appeared in a handwritten and illustrated manuscript in 1695 called "Contes de ma mêre l'oye" (). The volume was intended for the king's niece, and included four other tales by Perrault. It was first published in Paris in 1697 by Claude Barbin in "Histoires ou contes du temps passé" (), a collection of eight prose fairy tales by Perrault. "Le Doie Pizzelle" () is a similar tale in Giambattista Basile's "Pentamerone" (1550-53). Other versions of Perrault's tale exist, including one collected in Hesse by the Brothers Grimm. Iona and Peter Opie write, "The theme of this tale is one of the most popular in the world, that of the proud and the privileged being brought low, and the meek and down-trodden being raised above them." Christopher Betts believes the tale was intended for a young audience, "old enough to appreciate that the unkind sister is 'rude' ... but not enough to object to the scarcely disguised nannyish advice."

A widow has two daughters. The elder is ugly, selfish and rude. The younger is beautiful, kind and polite. The younger is sent to fetch water from a spring. An old woman dressed in rags (a fairy in disguise) asks for a drink of water. The girl politely gives her one. In thanks, the fairy causes diamonds and roses to drop from the girl's mouth whenever she speaks. At home, her mother is amazed. She sends her elder daughter to the spring. The girl meets a grandly-dressed lady (the fairy) who asks for a drink of water. The girl responds rudely. The fairy causes snakes and toads to drop from her mouth. At home, her mother is furious. She blames the younger sister. The girl runs into the woods. She meets a prince who falls in love and marries her. The elder sister dies after running away from home. A rhyming moral tells the reader that politeness and gentle words are worth more than jewels. They may bring unexpected rewards.

Illustrations of the tale by Laura Vlentine fr "Aunt Louisa's Nursery Favorite" (1870).


Shiribeshi Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what are today called Shiribeshi Subprefecture and the northern part of Hiyama Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Shiribeshi Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Shiribeshi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Shiribeshi and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



About Schmidt

About Schmidt is a 2002 American comedy-drama movie set in Nebraska and Colorado. It was directed by Alexander Payne and starred Jack Nicholson.

Teshio Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what is today called Rumoi Subprefecture and the northern half of Kamikawa Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Teshio Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Teshio Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Teshio and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Hop o' My Thumb

"Hop o' My Thumb" (French: Le petit Poucet) is a fairy tale by Charles Perrault. It was first published in 1697 in Paris by Claude Barbin in "Histoires ou contes du temps passé" (Stories or Tales of Past Times), a collection of eight fairy tales by Perrault. The story tells of several brothers abandoned by their parents. The smallest brother is the same size as a person's thumb. He saves his brothers from an ogre. Perrault's rhyming moral at the end of the story tells readers that sometimes the smallest boy in the family brings good things to all.


Tokachi Province

The boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what is today called Tokachi Subprefecture.

After 1869, the northern Japanese island was known as Hokkaido. Regional subdivisions were established. Tokachi Province was one of the new entities which were created in 1869.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan including Tokachi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

In 1882, Tokachi and the other ten provinces of Hokkaido were reorganized as Hakodate Prefecture, Sapporo Prefecture and Nemuro Prefecture.



Grenade (song)

"Grenade" is a song by the singer and songwriter Bruno Mars. It was released in September 2010. Critical reception was mostly positive. The song reached #1 in many countries. "Grenade" is a heartbreak single about masochism during love relationships.

Sleeping Beauty (1959 movie)

Sleeping Beauty (1959) is an American-French animated movie produced by Walt Disney Productions and released to movie theaters by Buena Vista Distribution. It is based on the 1697 fairy tale "The Sleeping Beauty in the Wood" by Charles Perrault. The movie was directed by Les Clark, Eric Larson, and Wolfgang Reitherman, under the supervision of Clyde Geronimi. Additional story work was provided by Joe Rinaldi, Winston Hibler, Bill Peet, Ted Sears, Ralph Wright, and Milt Banta.

The movie's musical score and songs are arrangements or adaptations of material from the 1890 "Sleeping Beauty" ballet by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. Buena Vista Distribution released the movie to theaters on November 11, 1959. It was the first animated movie to be photographed in the Technirama widescreen process. The movie was presented in Super Technirama 70 and 6-channel stereophonic sound in first-run engagements.

The movie generated mixed reviews from critics. They thought the movie was slow-paced and lacked character development. "Sleeping Beauty" earned approximately $7.7 million in box office rentals. Its production costs totaled $6 million, making it the most expensive Disney movie to that date. The high production costs of the movie resulted in the company posting its first annual loss in a decade for fiscal year 1960, and many animators were laid off.

Cupid's Chokehold

"Cupid's Chokehold" is a song by the rap group Gym Class Heroes. It was released twice. The first time was in 2005. The second time was in 2007. The single became a hit song around 2007. It contains samples of the song "Breakfast in America" by the group Supertramp. Patrick Stump sings on it. The song reached #4 on US record charts. It reached #3 in the United Kingdom and Canada.

Emily Deschanel

Emily Erin Deschanel (born October 11, 1976) is an American actress, movie producer and television producer. She is best known for her role as the main character in the television series "Bones".

Deschanel was born in Los Angeles, California. She is of French, Swiss, Dutch, Irish and English ancestry. She is the elder daughter of Caleb Deschanel and Mary Jo Deschanel (nee Weir). Her sister is actress Zooey Deschanel.

Deschanel married David Hornsby in 2010. The couple's son was born in 2011.

Gilles de Rais

Gilles de Rais ( 1405 ?–26 October 1440) was a Marshal of France, Joan of Arc's comrade in arms, and a murderer. He was the son of Guy de Laval/Rais and Marie de Craon. He became rich when a relative died. He was made a Marshal of France in 1429. He spent much of his money putting on a play that he wrote. He dabbled in alchemy. His criminal career began in 1434. In 1440, he was arrested, tried, and hanged. De Rais may have killed 140 people. Most of his victims were young boys. He may have been the inspiration for the 1697 fairy tale "Bluebeard" by Charles Perrault.


Ligeia

"Ligeia" is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in "The American Museum" in 1838. It was revised and reprinted many times during Poe's lifetime.

The story tells of an unnamed narrator's beautiful wife Ligeia. She composes the poem "The Conqueror Worm" before dying. The narrator then marries the Lady Rowena. She shortly sickens and dies. The narrator stays with her body overnight. She comes back from the dead as Ligeia.

Criticism was positive. Charles Eames of "The New World" wrote, "The force and boldness of the conception and the high artistic skill, with which the writer's purpose is wrought out, are equally admirable." Thomas Dunn English wrote in October 1845 that "Ligeia" was "the most extraordinary, of its kind, of his productions".

In 1964, director Roger Corman adapted the story to a movie, "The Tomb of Ligeia", starring Vincent Price.

The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar

"The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar" is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in 1845. The tale tells of a dying, mesmerized man whose body disintegrates once the trance is lifted. Poe was inspired to write the tale after reading a description of an operation performed upon a mesmerized patient. The tale has a great deal of gore, leading to the speculation that Poe had studied medical texts. "Valdemar" has been adapted to the movies and to radio drama.

The narrator mesmerizes an ill friend, M. Valdemar. Valdemar reports first that he is dying and then that he is dead. The narrator leaves him in a mesmeric state for seven months. During this time Valdemar is without pulse, heartbeat, or breath. His skin is cold and pale. Finally, the narrator tries to wake him. Valdemar's swollen black tongue begs to be returned to sleep or to be fully wakened. He shouts "dead! dead!" repeatedly. The narrator takes Valdemar out of the trance and his body immediately disintegrates into a "nearly liquid mass of loathsome—of detestable putrescence."

Poe was inspired to write "Valdemar" after reading a letter about an operation on a mesmerized patient. The tale was published in December 1845 in two different New York journals. One used the title "The Facts in M. Valdemar's Case". In England, the tale was published first as "Mesmerism in Articulo Mortis" and later as "The Last Days of M. Valdemar".

Poe employs detailed descriptions and high levels of gore in "Valdemar". He may have studied medical texts. Valdemar's eyes at one point leak a "profuse outflowing of a yellowish ichor", for example. The tale's imagery is summed up in the final lines: "...his whole frame at once — within the space of a single minute, or even less, shrunk—crumbled—absolutely rotted away beneath my hands. Upon the bed, before that whole company, there lay a nearly liquid mass of loathsome—of detestable putrescence." The disgusting imagery probably inspired later fiction including that of H. P. Lovecraft. Those final lines make up one of the most powerfully effective moments in Poe's work, incorporating shock, disgust, and uneasiness into one moment. This ending shows that attempts to appropriate power over death will have hideous results and, therefore, ultimately will be unsuccessful.

Movie adaptations include a segment in Roger Corman's "Tales of Terror" (1962) and George A. Romero's "Two Evil Eyes" (1990). "Edgar Allan Poe's Valdemar" (2000) was a dramatic adaptation for National Public Radio.


Yayoi period

The is a time in the history of Japan which is traditionally dated 300 BC to 300 AD.

Early evidence of Yayoi culture is found on the island of Kyūshū. Over time, it spread to the island of Honshū.

Iron and bronze were first used in Japan at about the same time. Iron was used for tools and weapons. Bronze was used for ritual objects such as mirrors, daggers and spears.

The Yayoi tools included as axes and hoes for agriculture etc., but also weapons such as arrowheads and swords.

The Yayoi people (弥生人 "Yayoi jin") were ancient people that migrated to the Japanese archipelago from southeastern China during the Yayoi period (300 BCE–300 CE). Modern Japanese people are direct descedants of the Yayoi and have about 97% Yayoi DNA.

The Yayoi and the modern Japanese people are closely related to other East Asian (or Mongoloid) people, such as Chinese or Vietnamese people. They belonged to the haplogroup O and spoke the proto-Japonic languages. Most scientists and linguists suggest that they originated somewhere in southeastern China and migrated from their into Japan.


Pepin the Hunchback

Pepin the Hunchback (, , c. 767 - 811) was a prince of Frankish Empire. He was the first son of Charlemagne and grandson of Pepin the Short.


Party of Five

Party of Five is an American drama television series. It was broadcast on the FOX network from September 12, 1994 until May 3, 2000. The series is set in San Francisco, California. It was well liked by the critics but the series had very low ratings. The network wanted to stop broadcasting it after the 1994-1995 season but chose not to do this. The main stars of the series included Jennifer Love Hewitt, Scott Wolf, Matthew Fox, Lacey Chabert, David Collins, Paula Devicq, Scott Grimes, Michael A. Goorjian, Jeremy London and Neve Campbell. The series was given a "Best Drama" Golden Globe Award in 1996.

Pepin I of Aquitaine

Pepin I of Aquitaine, (or Pepin V of Aquitaine, ca. 797 - 838) was the Carolingian dynasty king of Aquitaine from 814 to 838. He was the second son of emperor Louis the Pius.



Louis the Pious

Louis the Pious, also called Louis I, (778 - 840) was the third Carolingian King of Franks and 2nd Holy Roman Emperor (814 - 840), King of Aquitaine 781 to 814. He was Charlemagne's sixth son.



Institut supérieur européen de gestion group

Institut supérieur européen de gestion group (ISEG group) is a group of two French higher education schools (ISG Programme Business & Management, ISEG Marketing and Communication school) created in 1980.. The group is in seven places, in Paris, Bordeaux, Nantes, Lille, Lyon, Strasbourg and Toulouse (France). ISEG group delivers Bachelor's degree and Master's degree.

ISEG group's main area is entrepreneurship.


Greek chorus

A chorus in a classical Greek play typically serving to formulate, express, and comment on the moral issue that is raised by the dramatic action or to express an emotion appropriate to each stage of the dramatic conflict. 

Aeschylus, who was the seventh servant of Dionysus, was told to be the one who directed these chorus' to perfection.

Éric Boullier

Éric Boullier (born 9 November 1973) was the team principal of the McLaren Formula One team from 2014 to 2018, and vice-president of Formula One Team Association.

He graduated from Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées.

Rickey with the Tuft

"Rickey with the Tuft" or "Riquet with the Tuft" () is a fairy tale by Charles Perrault. It was first published in Paris in 1697 by Claude Barbin in "Histoires ou contes du temps passé", a collection of eight fairy tales by Perrault. The story is about an ugly but intelligent gnome prince who bestows wit on a beautiful but stupid princess in return for marriage. She renders Rickey handsome. The tale is not of folk otigins, but is a literary fairy tale. It has Cupid and Psyche and Beauty and the Beast elements. Similar tales include Catherine Bernard's version of the tale in her 1695 novel "Inès du Cordoue", and Marie-Jeanne Lhéritier's "Ricdin-Ricdon". Another similar tale is Giambattista Basile's "Lo Cattenaccio" (The Padlock) from "Pentamerone". 

A fairy gives an ugly prince named Rickey the gift of conferring wit upon the one he loves the best. He comes to a kingdom with two princesses. The elder one is beautiful but unintelligent. The younger one is intelligent but ugly. The elder princess is saddened that her ugly but smart sister receives more attention than her. One day as the elder princess is walking in the forest to ease her sorrow, she is approached by Rickey who has fallen in love with her. Rickey asks how a person so beautiful can be so sad. She tells him she is sad because she is beautiful but stupid. Rickey bestows intelligence on her for a promise of marriage. A year later, Rickey returns to marry her. She refuses on grounds that he cannot hold her to a promise made before she gained her wisdom. The princess then tells him that she was gifted at birth with the power to transform her lover into a handsome man by the same fairy who helped him. The princess thinks of all Rickey's good qualities and at once he is transformed. The king has his daughter married to Rickey who has already made preparations for the wedding.



Stadium MK

Stadium:MK is a football stadium in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. The Milton Keynes Dons F.C. football club has played there since it opened in July 2007. Queen Elizabeth II officially opened the stadium on 3rd December 2007. 

As of 2018, there were about 31,000 seats in the stadium. 

The stadium is beside the junction of the A5 road with the A421 road. 

Voice of Russia

Voice of Russia () was the Russian government's international radio station. The station before it, Radio Moscow was the official radio station of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. It closed in 2014.

Messier 15

Messier 15 is a globular cluster in the constellation of Pegasus. This globular cluster was discovered by "Jean-Dominique Maraldi" in 1746. M15 is about 33,600 lightyears from Earth, and 175 lightyears in diameter. It has more than 100,000 stars, 112 variable stars and 8 pulsars. M15 also contains "Pease 1", the first planetary nebula discovered in a globular cluster.

Volvo Ocean Race

The Volvo Ocean Race (known also as the Whitbread Round the World Race) is a yacht race around the world. It happens every three years. It is named after its current sponsor, Volvo. At this moment the Netherlands holds the record of most wins with the Dutch captain Conny van Rietschoten being the only skipper to win the race twice.

The race leaves Europe in October. The race started in Alicante, Spain, on October 11, 2008. The route for the 2008-2009 race was altered from previous years to include stopovers in India and Asia for the first time. The 2008-09 race covered nearly , took over nine months to finish, and reached an audience of 2 billion people worldwide.

During the nine months of the 2011–12 Volvo Ocean Race, which started in Alicante, Spain in October 2011 and finishes in Galway, Ireland, in July 2012, the teams are scheduled to sail over of the world’s most treacherous seas, and include locations such as Cape Town, Abu Dhabi, Sanya, Auckland, around Cape Horn to Itajaí, Miami, Lisbon, and Lorient.

Vale of Rheidol Railway

The Vale of Rheidol Railway () is a railway that runs for between Aberystwyth and Devil's Bridge in the county of Ceredigion, Wales. The Vale of Rheidol Railway has never closed except during wars. The railway celebrated its 100 year anniversary in 2002.

Chinese cobra

The Chinese cobra ("Naja atra"), also called Taiwan cobra, is a species of cobra in the Elapidae family, found mostly in southern China and a couple of neighboring nations and islands. It is one of the most prevalent venomous snakes in Taiwan, which has caused snakebite incidents to humans.

"Naja atra" was first described by Danish physician, zoologist, and botanist Theodore Edward Cantor in 1842. The generic name "naja" is a Latinisation of the Sanskrit word () meaning "cobra". The specific epithet "atra" comes from the Latin term ater, which means "dark", "black", or "gloomy".

In Mandarin Chinese, the snake is known as "Zhōnghuá yǎnjìngshé" (中華眼鏡蛇, lit. "Chinese spectacled snake", i.e. Chinese cobra), "Zhōushān yǎnjìngshé" (舟山眼鏡蛇, lit. "Zhoushan spectacled snake", i.e. Zhoushan cobra) or, in Guangdong and Hong Kong, "fànchǎntóu" (飯鏟頭, lit. "rice paddle head"). "Spectacled snake" refers to the markings which the snake may at times have on the back of the hood that resemble eyeglasses. In Taiwanese, the snake is known as "pn̄g-sî-chhèng" (飯匙倩/銃, lit. "rice paddle ?"), "ba̍k-kiàⁿ-chôa" (目鏡蛇, lit. "spectacled snake", i.e. cobra), or "tn̂g-ām-chôa" (長頷蛇, lit. "long-chinned snake").

"Naja atra" is iridescent black with a number of distant transversal double lines of a yellow colour. The abdominal surface is pearl or slaty coloured.

This medium-sized snake is usually long, but they can grow to a maximum length of though this is rare. The dorsal color of the Chinese cobra is usually brown, grey or black, with or without narrow, light transverse lines at irregular intervals which are especially prominent in juveniles. The head on this species is broad, slightly triangular in shape and is slightly distinct from the neck. The dorsal scales are smooth and glossy, while the dorsolateral scales are strongly oblique. This is a heavy bodied snake, the body is slightly flattened, and may be significantly flattened when threatened, and it has a short tail. The nostrils of this species are large and prominent. The eyes are medium-sized and the iris is a dark dirty yellow dappled with gray-black or blue-black and the pupil is round and jet black. Like other elapids, this is a proteroglyphous snake with fangs that are permanently erect and are located at the anterior of the upper jaw. The upper head is usually the same color as the tail and dorsal part of the body, while the sides of the head are lighter in colour. Specimens with other colors on their dorsal surface, such as white, yellow or brown do occur. There may be irregular or scattered crosslines of white to light gray along the upper body and a spectacle marking on the hood, however, the hood markings may vary from partial figures to asymmetrical patterns. The ventral head and neck are white to light gray or light orange in colour. The ventral face of the hood may have a pair of small dark spots followed by a dark transverse band.

There is some variation in the colour of the ventral body and tail: it may be white to gray, dark gray mottled with white, or blackish. The populations in different geographic regions of Taiwan reveal a unique composition of ventral colouration: the eastern population is exclusively blackish (100%), the central and southern populations are mainly white to gray (both 80%), and the proportions of blackish and white-gray morphs in the northern population are 60% and 30%, respectively.

This species is found in southeastern China (including the provinces of Sichuan, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hunan, Hubei, Zhejiang, and the Island province of Hainan), Hong Kong, northern Laos, northern Vietnam, and Taiwan, where it is much more common in the south. 

Its typical habitat is woodlands, shrublands, grasslands, and mangroves. This species is adaptable to a wide range of terrain including grassland plains, jungle, open fields and even heavily populated regions. As an adaptable species, it occurs in a wide variety of habitats across its range. It can be found in rice paddy fields in maritime lowlands to various types of montaine forests, though it avoids dark forest with closed canopy. In primary monsoon season and rain forests, "Naja atra" inhabits clearings and riverbanks. Higher population density is observed in the vicinity of human settlements, in secondary forests, and in rice paddy fields which are adjacent to forests. The species can be found anywhere from sea level all the way up to elevations of more than above sea level. It usually hides under leaves, sticks, and rocks.

The Chinese cobra is a very alert, seldom cornered, but if confronted will raise its forebody and spread its hood and strike readily if necessary. Adults can be very aggressive, but the younger tend to be more aggressive. The Chinese cobra usually escapes to avoid confrontation with humans, but strikes readily if provoked. The snake is terrestrial, diurnal and crepuscular which means it is active by day and twilight. This species has been observed hunting during all daylight periods and as late as 2–3 hours after sunset from March to October, with ambient temperatures of 20–32°C (68–90°F).

The Chinese Cobra has a widely varied diet and it mainly preys on rodents such as mice and rats, frogs, toads and even other snakes. It is active during both the day and night. The diet of this snake is highly variable. It preys on any vertebrates from fish to mammals. Juveniles eat mosly amphibians, whereas adults usually prefer reptiles and mammals - during amphibian breeding periods, however, adult cobras eat mostly frogs or toads: the Cricket frog ("Fejervarya limnocharis"), the Common tree frog ("Polypedates leucomystax"), and the Asian common toad ("Duttaphrynus melanostictus").

It is oviparous. Mating and egg-laying periods are very extended. The species has been observed mating in the mountains of the western Tonkin region, at elevations of in the months of March through May. As recorded, gravid females will lay between 6 and 23 eggs sometime between May through to the end of July. 

The Chinese cobra is a highly venomous member of the true cobras (genus "Naja"). Its venom consists mainly of postsynaptic neurotoxins and cardiotoxins. Four cardiotoxin-analogues I, II, III, and IV, account for about 54% of the dry weight of the crude venom and have cytotoxic properties. The LD values of its venom in mice are 0.29 mg/kg IV, and a range of 0.53 mg/kg - 0.67 mg/kg SC. The average venom yield from a snake of this species kept at a snake farm was about 250.8 mg (80 mg dry weight). Although this is not a spitting cobra, some rare individuals (mostly specimens from Guizhou Province) are capable of ejecting venom towards a threat within a distance of .

Local symptoms in victims caused by Chinese cobra are wound darkening, localized redness and swelling, pain, insensibility, and invariably blisters and necrosis. Necrosis is a serious problem in cases of cobra bite as it may persist for many years after the general recovery of the victim. The following systemic symptoms may also occur: chest discomfort, fever, sore throat, difficulty in swallowing, loss of voice, weak feeling in limbs, walking haltingly, general ache, lockjaw, and difficulty in breathing. Fatality occasionally occurs. The antivenom is widely available and deaths are much rarer than they used to be.


Robots exclusion standard

The robots exclusion standard (also called the robots exclusion protocol or robots.txt protocol) is a way of telling Web crawlers and other Web robots which parts of a Web site they can see.

To give robots instructions about which pages of a Web site they can access, site owners put a text file called robots.txt in the main directory of their Web site, e.g. <nowiki>http://www.example.com/robots.txt</nowiki>. This text file tells robots which parts of the site they can and cannot access. However, robots can ignore robots.txt files, especially malicious (bad) robots. If the robots.txt file does not exist, Web robots assume that they can see all parts of the site.


VHF omnidirectional range

VOR, short for VHF omnidirectional radio range, is a type of radio navigation system for aircraft, enabling them to find their position and stay on course by receiving radio signals emitted by a network of radio beacons. It uses frequencies in very high frequency (VHF) from 108 to 117.95 MHz. Developed in the USA in 1937, VOR is the standard air navigational system in the world, used by both commercial and general aviation. There are about 3000 VOR stations around the world.

A VOR station broadcasts a VHF radio signal including the identifier, voice, and navigation signal. The identifier is in Morse Code. The voice will have information from the station. The navigation signal allows the equipment to find a magnetic bearing from the station to the aircraft. VOR stations in areas of magnetic unreliability are oriented to True North. A line of position is called the "radial" from the VOR. The crossing of two radials from different VOR stations provides the position of the aircraft. VOR signals have a range of about 200 miles.

Vertigo (movie)

Vertigo is a 1958 American psychological thriller mystery movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It stars James Stewart and Kim Novak. This movie is considered the best Alfred Hitchcock movie. It is a classic example of Hitchcock as the "master of suspense". It has made several of the American Film Institute lists. Some even say that it is the greatest film of all time. Vertigo is part of the National Film Registry, because it is culturally significant.
John Scottie Ferguson is a former detective. Scottie was in a chase and saw a policeman die after falling from a tall building. Scottie now has a fear of heights (acrophobia) and a sense of rotating (vertigo). Gavin Elster tells John to follow his wife, Madeleine. Galvin says she is behaving strangely. John observes and follows Madeleine. She buys flowers, goes to the grave of Carlotta Valdes (1831–1857), looks at a painting of Carlotta, and stays at a hotel. John learns from a historian that Corlatta killed herself. Gavin tells John that Carlotta was the great-grandmother of Madeleine. Gavin believes Carlotta possesses Madeleine. Madeline jumps into the San Francisco bay, and John rescues her. Madeleine tells about a nightmare. The location of the dream seems to be Mission San Juan Bautista. Scottie drives Madeleine there. They embrace and fall in love. Madeleine suddenly runs up the tower, falls, and dies. Scottie follows but is too dizzy to go up. The police call the death a suicide. Scottie gets depressed and has to go to a hospital. He is released. He comes back to places that connect to Madeleine. He looks everywhere for women that look like her. He meets a woman called Judy. She looks like Madeleine. He wants to spend time with her.  

Judy has a flashback. She is really the Madeleine Scottie knew. She was involved in a murder plot. The plan was to fake the suicide of the real Madeleine. Gavin knew that Scottie had a fear of heights. So Gavin knew Scottie would not go up the tower. As a result, Scottie wouldn't see Gavin throwing down his wife's body from the tower. Judy writes a letter telling Scottie about the murder plot but rips it up. 

Scottie wants to see Judy again. He is obsessed with "Madeleine". He makes Judy wear all the clothes of "Madeleine". Judy puts on the necklace of "Madeleine". Scottie realizes that Judy and "Madeleine" are the same person. He drives her to the mission. He makes Judy relive the murder scene. Judy admits that Galvin paid her to act like a "possessed" Madeleine. A nun scares Judy, and she falls and dies. Scottie is sad, but he no longer has a fear of heights. 


Uncredited

Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance. 

A major theme in "Vertigo" is obsession. Scottie seems to obsess with Madeleine. The camera often follows the eyes of Scottie. His eyes constantly gaze at Madeleine. With the suicide, Scottie ends up in a mental hospital. Afterwards, he always goes to objects and places that connect to Madeleine. Judy has to look exactly like Madeleine. The obsession is like a spiral. It creates a form of vertigo. Gavin also makes Madeleine obsess with Carlotta. The theme of obsession connects to death. The vertigo and images of spirals connect to the idea of falling to one's death. Death appears with tunnels and corridors. Hallways are also common elements in horror films. Another theme in the film is self-deception. Scottie was a detective. This is someone who tries to figure out the truth about crimes. Now he is following Madeleine like a detective. However, Madeleine is not real and Scottie is deceived. He also deceives himself through his obsession. He tries to create an image of Madeleine, but forgets reality. Madness takes over. The film is very philosophical. Gender roles are important in the film. Some say the film is about male aggression and dominance. Another theme in the movie is lack of identity and wandering. Madeleine says that she is just wandering. When Scottie follows her, he also is wandering with her. He also says multiple times that he is just wandering. At one point, Madeleine seems to be driving in circles. Wandering means that they do not have a destination. There is no purpose or sense. The two are also unstable and do not understand themselves. This connects to the idea of vertigo and dizziness. The spirals in the film can connect to wandering without a destination.     

The film script (screenplay) is based on the French novel "D'entre les morts" ("From Among the Dead") by Pierre Boileau and Thomas Narcejac. In the book, Judy reveals the murder plot at the climax. Judy reveals the plot two-thirds way in the film. This would show the internal conflict of Judy. Judy wants to be with Scottie, but also wants to stay away from him. Hitchcock wanted to delete the letter-writing scene, but it remained in the movie. 

Hitchock rejected the scripts of Maxwell Anderson and  Alec Coppel. He finally accepted the script of Samuel A. Taylor. Taylor created the character Midge. Both Taylor and Coppel were credited in the film. 

Vera Miles was supposed to perform as Madeleine. Hitchcock got sick and Miles became pregnant. Kim Novak took the lead role. 

The movie was filmed in San Francisco and the San Francisco Bay Area. There are several notable shooting sites: Mission San Juan Bautista, Fort Point, underneath the Golden Gate Bridge, the California Palace of the Legion of Honor, Big Basin Redwoods State Park, the Palace of Fine Arts, Coit Tower, and Pebble Beach. There was outdoor shooting for 16 days and then studio shooting for several months. 

Bernard Hermann composed the score for the film. This is one of his most notable music compositions for film. 

The movie received mixed reviews at first. Some praised the film. Others did not like the structure of the film. Over time, the film has gotten much more praise by critics. In a 2002 Sight & Sound poll, "Vertigo" was ranked the second greatest film after "Citizen Kane" (1941). In 1962 and 1972, the film was on the top ten list of Sight & Sound. In 2012, Vertigo was considered the best film ever made. The film is studied by critics and is popular with audiences. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 94%. Vertigo is the favorite film of Martin Scorsese. The film is on the following American Film Institute lists: 


The Conqueror Worm

"The Conqueror Worm" is a poem by Edgar Allan Poe. It is about human mortality and the fact that death cannot be stopped. It was first published in "Graham's Magazine" in 1843. It was incorporated into Poe's short story "Ligeia" in 1845. In the revised story, the poem is composed by Ligeia. She teaches it to the narrator during her death throes.

Weeping angels watch a play performed by "mimes, in the form of God on high", and controlled by vast formless shapes looming behind the scenes. The mimes chase a "Phantom" which they can never capture. Finally, a monstrous "crawling shape" emerges, and eats the mimes. The final curtain comes down, "a funeral pall," signaling an end to the "tragedy, 'Man'" whose only hero is "The Conqueror Worm".

Though Poe was referring to an ancient connection between worms and death, he may have been inspired by "The Proud Ladye", a poem by Spencer Wallis Cone which was reviewed in an 1840 issue of "Burton's Gentleman's Magazine". That poem contained the lines "Let him meet the conqueror worm / With his good sword by his side".

The poem plays an important symbolic role as part "Ligeia." The poem is written by Ligeia as she is dying, though it is actually recited by the narrator, her husband.

Because it emphasizes the finality of death, it calls to question Ligeia's resurrection in the story. Also, the inclusion of the bitter poem may have been meant to be ironic or a parody of the convention at the time, both in literature and in life. In the mid-19th century it was common to emphasize the sacredness of death and the beauty of dying (consider Charles Dickens's Little Johnny character in "Our Mutual Friend" and the death of Helen Burns in Charlotte Brontë's "Jane Eyre"). Instead, Ligeia speaks of fear personified in the "blood-red thing."

"The Conqueror Worm" also uses the word "evermore", which would later evolve into "nevermore" in Poe's famous poem "The Raven" in 1845.

"The Conqueror Worm" was first published as a stand-alone poem in the January 1843 issue of "Graham's Magazine". Shortly after, it was included among several other poems by Poe in the February 25 issue of the "Saturday Museum" in a feature called "The Poets & Poetry of Philadelphia: Edgar Allan Poe". It was later included in Poe's poetry collection "The Raven and Other Poems" in 1845. That same year, it was incorporated into "Ligeia" for the first time when the story was reprinted in the February 15, 1845, issue of the "New York World". "Ligeia" was again republished with "The Conqueror Worm" in the September 27, 1845, issue of "The Broadway Journal" while Poe was its editor. This was not unusual for Poe, who had also incorporated poems "The Coliseum" and "To One in Paradise" into tales.

The British horror movie "Witchfinder General" was retitled "The Conqueror Worm" for US release. It was not based on Poe's poem.


Tania Khalill

Tania Khalill (stage name Tânia Calil Padis Campos, July 8, 1977 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actress.

Emiliano is the daughter of a pediatrician and psychologist Terezinha Campos Campos Calil. The Calil name, she turned into Khalill. She was born in the São Paulo neighborhood of Partridges. She is the second of three daughters, descendants of Spaniards and Lebanese.

As a teenager she studied Brazilian Baptist College. In 2000, Tania graduated in psychology at the Mackenzie University, but has never been a psychologist.

Tania practiced ballet for 16 years, from when she was 6 until she was 22. She danced professionally for five years in the Paulista Dance Company, formed by the classical ballet dancer Paula Castro. She lived for five months in Cuba to study at the National School Ballet of Cuba. She also starred in advertising campaigns in the Elite modeling agency.

She moved from dancing into the theater. She studied drama for seven years and graduated from the Carmina Actors School and did courses Beto Silveira, Theatre-Macunaíma school, also attended the course in television and theater professionals in the studio for Wolf Maya and the Theatre Workshop of Interpretation for Oswaldo Boaretto for five years. Tania also studied speech and presentation with SENAC TV.

Her first stage performance was in 1995 in a play by Naum Alves. Since then she has been in plays by Nelson Rodrigues, Short Comedy by Luís Fernando Veríssimo and The Suitcase, by Larry Shue, directed by Isser Koriki. In 2002, she was in an SCYSD short film. In 2005 she was in another short, The Opposite Sex, under the direction of Hudson Glauber In 2009 she was in the short "Innocent" directed by Thiago Luciano and Bob Shultz at the 13th International Film Festival Latino.

In 2002 she appeared on television for the first time in the supporting cast of the soap opera, "Sabor da Paixão". In 2004 she was in the show "Galera", TV Cultura. In 2009, she played the passionate Duda in "Caminho das Índias".

She was on the cover of Sensual held for VIP magazine in September 2004. She was on their list of one hundred sexiest women in the world. She was also one of the 25 sexiest women in the annual rankings of This is People in 2004 and 2009. She refused the invitation of men's magazine Playboy to pose nude.

She was nominated for a Grammy Latino in 2009. 

In 2010 she was involved with a children's project "Acampamento de Férias 2 - A Arvore da Vida", where she played Debora. The movie is directed by Gerson Sanginitto Halder Gomes and production of the recordings take place in Ceará and Los Angeles.

In 2011 she was in the telenovela "Fina Estampa", playing the teacher Letícia. In 2012 she was the turquoise Ayla in the telenovela "Salve Jorge" of Glória Perez.

On December 10, 2005, she married the singer Jair Oliveira, who in childhood was part of the group Turma do Balão Mágico, in the church of Our Lady of Perpetual Help in São Paulo. The couple have two daughters, Isabella, born July 10, 2007 in São Luiz hospital, and Laura born March 5, 2011 in São Luiz hospital.

Hafiz Barkhurdar

Hazrat Hafiz Barkhurdar (1658–1707), was a Punjabi Sufi Jatt poet from the village of Takhat Hazara in Sargodha District in modern-day Pakistan. His shrine where he was buried stands in the village of Chitti Sheikhan in Sialkot District. 

He was the first person to give name 'Punjabi' to the language of Punjab in 1672 A.D. 

Mindless Behavior

Mindless Behavior is an American boy band. They are best known for the singles "My Girl" and "Mrs. Right", which were produced by Walter Millsap. The band was put together in Los Angeles in 2008, by Keisha Gamble, Walter Millsap (who has previously worked with Beyoncé and Timbaland) and Vincent Herbert (Lady Gaga, Toni Braxton). The band trained in dance and singing for two years before releasing anything. The members are all in their early teens. They performed "My Girl" on "The Today Show" in November 2010. Their first album, "#1 Girl", was released on September 20, 2011. It appeared on the "Billboard" 200 album chart at number 7.

Mindless Behavior toured with the Backstreet Boys, Justin Bieber and Jason Derülo. They were the opening act for Janet Jackson's 2011 tour. 
This Must Be Pop says that it thinks Mindless Behavior will be future stars.


Rufous treepie

The rufous treepie ("Dendrocitta vagabunda") is a species of bird in the Corvidae (crow) family. The rufous treepie is native to the Indian Subcontinent and adjoining parts of Southeast Asia from Pakistan to Vietnam. Woodland, forest edges and gardens are the habitat of this species. It feeds on various fruits, insects and carrion.

The rufous treepie builds its nest 6−8 meters above the ground in trees. Both male and female take turns breeding and feeding the young. There are usually 3-5 eggs laid. After the young have hatched, the remain with their parents for several months. Rufous treepies form pair bonds for life.

The species was first described in 1790 by John Latham. A previous description as "Dendrocitta rufa" is not valid. It belongs to the Treepie genus "Dendrocitta" which is Southeast Asian in distribution. According to ornithologist Derek Goodwin, the rufous treepie may be closely allied to the hooded treepie ("D. frontalis"). There are eight recognized subspecies.
There are no estimates for the population of this species. It is common throughout its range, but rare in Vietnam.

The Rufous Treepie is shorter and smaller than the European magpie. The head, neck and breast are grey, although sometimes they are slightly brown. The underparts and lower back are orange-brown. The tail is a light blue color with a black tip. The bill, legs and feet are black.


RecordTV

Record (), formerly known as Rede Record, RecordTV and "'Recó", is a Brazilian television network, launched by Paulo Machado de Carvalho on 1953, and bought by bishop and entrepreneur Edir Macedo on 1989.


Greater Los Angeles Area

The Greater Los Angeles Area, or the Southland, is a term used for the group of metropolitan areas over five counties in the southern part of California. It includes Los Angeles County, Orange County, San Bernardino County, Riverside County and Ventura County. It has been one of the fastest growing regions in the United States for decades. The growth started in Los Angeles County, then Orange County, and now in the Inland Empire. As of 2020, the population of the Greater Los Angeles area was 18.6 million. It is the second-largest statistical area in the country. Only the New York metropolitan area is larger. 

The Greater Los Angeles area is centered on the county of Los Angeles, California. The term is defined to refer to the area from Ventura to the southern border of Orange County, and from the Pacific Ocean to the Inland Empire. The Greater Los Angeles area includes the Los Angeles metropolitan area, the Inland Empire, and Ventura County. The term "Greater Los Angeles" does not include San Diego and Imperial counties. 

The United States Census Bureau has named the five county region as the "Los Angeles-Long Beach, CA" combined statistical area. The Los Angeles metropolitan area has a total area of . The wider combined statistical area covers . More than half of this is the thinly populated eastern areas of Riverside and San Bernardino counties.

The following is a list of main cities in the Greater Los Angeles Area with their population in 2020.


Walter Camp

Walter Chauncey Camp (April 17, 1859 – March 14, 1925) was an American football player, coach, and sports writer. He is known as the "Father of American Football".

Camp was born in New Haven, Connecticut on April 17, 1859. His parents were Leverett and Ellen Camp. He attended Hopkins Grammar School in New Haven. He went to Yale in 1876. He graduated in 1880.

Camp played college football at Yale from 1876 to 1882. He was head football coach at Yale from 1888 to 1892. He was in the first class to be inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1951. 

Camp's football inventions include the eleven-man team and the gridiron marking of the field. He also invented the line of scrimmage and the modern point system. He invented the "All-American team" of college players. "All-American" has since become a part of American-English. In time, he began to think of American football as his private property. He did not want new additions to the game, like the forward pass.

He stayed at Yale for two more years to study medicine. He started working for a watch company in 1882. In 1888, he married Alice Graham Sumner. They had two children. In 1903, he became president of the watch company. Camp died of a heart attack on March 15, 1925 in New York City, New York, aged 65.

Jessie J

Jessica Ellen Cornish (born 27 March 1988), better known by her stage name Jessie J, is an English singer and songwriter. She was born and raised in London where she studied at the BRIT School before signing with Gut Records.

Jessie J became better known after the release of her debut single "Do It Like a Dude" which peaked at number two in the UK. She achieved her first number one in the UK, France, Ireland and New Zealand with the song "Price Tag". After those two singles, she released her debut album "Who You Are" in 2011. The album charted at number two in the UK. Other singles from the album included "Nobody's Perfect", "Who's Laughing Now" and "Who You Are" which charted within the top 20 in the UK but the release of fifth single "Domino" became international chart success, peaking at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and becoming her second UK number one. She is the first British female artist to have six top ten singles on one album.

Jessie J has written songs for other singers such as Chris Brown and Miley Cyrus.

Jessie J is recognized for an unconventional musical and performing style. It mixes her soul voice with contemporary R&B, pop music and hip-hop influences. She has several awards and nominations. These include the 2011 Critics' Choice BRIT Award and the BBC's Sound of 2011. As of April 2012, Jessie has sold over 11 million singles and 2.5 million albums worldwide.

On 4 October 2011, Jessie said that she will be one of four coaches for new BBC program, "The Voice UK". The other coaches are will.i.am (of The Black Eyed Peas), Tom Jones and Danny O'Donoghue (of The Script).

Asked about her bisexuality in an interview on the "In Demand" radio show on 3 March 2011, Jessie J stated, "I've never denied it. Whoopie doo guys, yes, I've dated girls and I've dated boys – get over it." According to "The Guardian", Jessie J's sexuality is valuable to young teens, especially for young girls unsure of themselves because of their sexuality and identity, to feel "that this does happen and this is normal." In April 2014, Jessie J renounced her bisexuality in an interview with "Daily Mirror"'s "3am" celebrity tabloid; "For me, it was a phase. But I'm not saying bisexuality is a phase for everybody", she said.

On 12 June 2011, at the Capital Radio Summertime Ball, Jessie ruptured several tendons in her foot during rehearsals. She performed for several weeks while sitting on a gilded throne.

She has a son, Sky Safir Cornish Colman (born May 12, 2023) with her current boyfriend, Danish-Israeli basketball player, Chanan Colman.



Pentamerone

The Pentamerone or Lo cunto de li cunti overo lo trattenemiento de peccerille ("The Tale of Tales, or Entertainment for Little Ones") is a seventeenth-century collection of fairy tales by Giambattista Basile. The collection consists of a frame story and 49 fairy tales. Ten old women tell the tales over five days. The collection contains many famous fairy tale types such as "Cinderella" and "Puss in Boots". 



Curling

Curling is a sport played on ice. Players slide "curling stones" on the ice towards a target, called the "house". There are two teams with four players on each team. Each team slides eight stones, this is called an "end". After an end the team with the stone closest to the centre of the house (target) scores points. The game is over after eight or ten ends. The team with the most points is the winner.

The player sliding the stone can make it turn or "curl" slowly. Two other players on the team sweep the ice in front of the stone with brooms. This is to make the stone stop in the right place.

Curling is played at the Winter Olympics.

Curling was invented in Scotland in medieval times. It was played outside in the winter because there was lots of ice. Today curling is played all over Europe and in many other countries such as Canada, the United States, Japan and South Korea.

Curling was played at the Winter Olympics for the first time in 1998.

The ice is called a "curling sheet". It is a rectangular sheet of flat ice, between 146 and 150 feet (45-46 metres) long and 14.5 to 15.5 feet (4.4-5.0 metres) wide. The house, or target, is marked at the end of the sheet by coloured rings. The rings help players to aim for the centre of the house. They are also useful to decide which stone is closest to the centre when scoring. There is also a "hack" at the end of the sheet which players push against when sliding a stone.

Curling stones are made of granite. They are heavy, weighing 38-40 pounds (17-20kg). There is a handle on the top of each stone to help slide and turn the stone. The handles are different colours for each team. The stones are usually red for one team and yellow for the other team.

Curling brooms or brushes are used to sweep the ice in front of the stone when it is sliding.

Players wear special shoes for curling. One shoe has a smooth surface for sliding on the ice and the other rough.

The purpose of the game is to score points by getting stones close to the centre of the house. Players from each team take turns to slide a stone towards the house. This is called "delivering" or "throwing" a stone. An end is completed when all stones have been delivered. There are eight stones for each team. The winner is the team with the most points after all ends have been played. There are usually eight or ten ends.

The captain of the team is called the "skip". The skip chooses how hard the stone should be delivered, the direction of delivery, and the amount of turn (curl) that the stone should be given. The skip can choose to aim the stone for the house, hit one of the other team's stones out of play, or make a stone stop before the house as a guard if their team has a stone in a good position.

The player delivering the stone starts at the hack. The skip stands at the other end of the curling sheet behind the house. The skip shows where to aim the stone. The other two players sweep the ice in front of the stone as it slides. The players take turns to deliver stones. When the skip is delivering a stone another player stands behind the house instead.

To deliver a stone the player puts one foot on the hack. The player lines up towards the skip. The stone is on the ice in front of the foot in the hack. The player then slides the stone back before sliding forwards on their other foot. The player lets go of the stone, gently turning the handle just before letting go to give the stone curl.

Then the other players can sweep the stone. Sweeping helps the stone to travel faster, and makes it curl less. The aim of sweeping is to help the stone stop in the right place.

Points are scored at when an end has finished. The team with the stone closest to the centre of the house wins the end. The team scores one point for every stone that is closer to the centre than the other team's closest stone.

Only stones that are in the house count for scoring. If it is difficult to see which stone is closest to the centre of the house there are special measuring devices to help.

Sometimes neither team scores any points, this is called a "blank end".



Drive-Thru (movie)

Drive-Thru is a 2007 horror movie, directed by Brendan Cowles and Shane Kuhn, starring Leighton Meester and Nick D'Agosto. It is set in Orange County, California and involves a serial killing clown mascot Horny the Clown. The movie was released on May 29, 2007.

The Muppets (movie)

The Muppets is a 2011 American musical comedy movie. It starred Jason Segel and Amy Adams. The movie was directed by James Bobin. It was made by Walt Disney Pictures. It involves The Muppets reuniting to put on a show in order to save their theater from a businessman who wants to tear it down to drill for oil.

Bret McKenzie

Bret Peter Tarrant McKenzie (born 26 June 1976) is a New Zealand comedian, actor, musician and producer. He is best known as one half of the Grammy Award-winning comedy duo Flight of the Conchords with Jemaine Clement. For "The Muppets" (2011), he won an Academy Award for Best Original Song. He also played Lindir in Peter Jackson's "The Lord of the Rings" and "The Hobbit" movie trilogy.

McKenzie was born in Wellington. He has two children with his wife, publicist Hannah Clarke.

Peter Serafinowicz

Peter Szymon Serafinowicz ( /sɛrəˈfɪnəwɪtʃ/; born 10 July 1972) is an English actor, comedian, writer, composer, voice artist, television producer and writer. He was born in Liverpool. He is married to Sarah Alexander; the couple have a son and daughter together.

Pease 1

Pease 1 is a planetary nebula. It is in the globular cluster Messier 15 in the constellation of Pegasus. It is the first planetary nebula discovered within a globular cluster. Three more have been discovered in other clusters.

Roller skating

Roller skating is a physical activity on roller skates. Roller skating is also a sport when the skaters form a team and compete in events such as roller hockey or roller derby. Roller skating is also performed with certain styles of music and dance steps such as Jam Skating.

The wheels on roller skates are laid out similar to a skateboard, containing a set of trucks and cushions to allow for turning.

Nutcracker Suite

The Nutcracker Suite, Op. 71a is a selection of 8 musical numbers Tchaikovsky made from "The Nutcracker" ballet for a concert performance before the St. Petersburg branch of the Musical Society on March 19, 1892. Every number was acclaimed and repeated, and the suite became an instant hit. The complete ballet was first performed on December 17, 1892. It was not a success. It did not gain any popularity until George Balanchine staged a production in New York City. The suite however was very popular in concert. It was featured in Disney's "Fantasia." "The Nutcracker Suite" should not be mistaken for the complete ballet. 

The numbers chosen by Tchaikovsky for "The Nutcracker Suite" and their sequence within the suite are as follows:

Oops!... I Did It Again

Oops!... I Did It Again is the second album released by American pop music singer Britney Spears on Jive Records. 
Four singles were released from the album, the title track, "Lucky", "Stronger", and "Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know". 
It also features the first song Britney had a hand in writing, titled "Dear Diary".

Jive Records

Jive Records was an American recording imprint known for rap and pop music artists and albums. 
The label itself along with LaFace, Arista and J were absorbed into RCA Records in 2011.

The Million Pound Drop Live

The Million Pound Drop Live is a British quiz show. It began on 24 May 2010 and is shown on Channel 4. It is presented by Davina McCall.


Touch My Body

"Touch My Body" is a song co-written by American singer Mariah Carey, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Crystal "Cri$tyle" Johnson and Terius "The-Dream" Nash for Carey's 11th studio album, "E=MC²". It is the first single off "E=MC²". The single was produced by Carey and Stewart.

Mariah talking about why she chose "Touch My Body" as the first single of the album:

-Mariah Carey

The song was chosen as the lead single of the album during a vote with producer L.A. Reid and staff in Island Records. Carey stated that the group "decided to just go with the mid-tempo and everybody kinda liked the song 'cause it's just fun and cute and sexy and sweet".

The song was transmitted digitally to radio stations on February 12 at 6:30pm ET for immediate airplay via All Access. The single went for adds on radio station playlists on February 19."Touch My Body" premiered on Chicago's hit rhythmic radio station, B96, ahead of schedule at 4:00pm.

Reviews of the song by critics were mostly good. "Blender" said that it was a "pop genius making genius pop". Bill Lamb from About.com gave "Touch My Body" 4 out of 5 stars. Newsday named it as the "Song of the Week", saying that it was her best first single on an album since "Heartbreaker".

Rolling Stone gave it 3.5 stars in its March 6, 2008 issue.

Brett Ratner is the director of the video. Ratner also directed Carey's videos for "I Still Believe", "Heartbreaker", "Thank God I Found You", "It's like That", and "We Belong Together". In an interview with AllHipHop.com, Ratner said, "Mariah is musically at the top of her game and has never looked better... This will be our 6th music video we have collaborated on and definitely the best one yet visually, as well as musically. The video for "Touch My Body" is the perfect combination of fantasy and comedy with Mariah looking more beautiful than she has ever looked, ever.". The video also stars Jack McBrayer from "30 Rock", a show that Carey is a fan of.

Carey appeared on MTV's "TRL" and BET's "106 & Park" on Wednesday, February 27, 2008, to premiere the video for "Touch My Body"; BET also played the video all day, every hour on the hour, until "106 & Park". VH1 posted a 45-second sneak peek on their blog on February 26, and subsequently posted the video in its entirety at midnight on February 27, 2008; the video was also posted on the Island Records website.

On March 5 the "Touch My Body" music video debuted at #1 on MTV's TRL countdown.

Following the song's February 12 digital transmission, after only a day's worth of airplay, "Touch My Body" entered the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs Chart at #78 the chart week of February 23, 2008. It is currently at #15 in its fourth chart week. It also debuted on airplay alone at #57 on the Billboard Hot 100 as the "Hot Shot" debut of the week, and is currently #24. It also debuted on the Canadian Hot 100 at #97 and has since risen to #59.

Ned Beatty

Edward Thomas Beatty (July 6, 1937 – June 13, 2021) was an American actor. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. He was known for his film work including "Nashville" (1975), "All the President's Men" (1976), "Network" (1976), "The Big Easy" (1987) and "Prelude to a Kiss" (1992).

Beatty died of natural causes on June 13, 2021 in Los Angeles, California, aged 83.

Samson and Delilah (opera)

Samson and Delilah (Fr: "Samson et Dalila") is a three-act French opera. It is based on the story of Samson and Delilah in the Old Testament of the Bible. The words and story of the opera (the "libretto") were written by Ferdinand Lemaire. The music was written by Camille Saint-Saëns. The opera was first performed in Weimar, Germany on 2 December 1877. It was sung in German instead of French.

Saint-Saëns thought the Samson story would make a good oratorio. He was persuaded by Lemaire to write an opera on the subject instead. When the opera was completed, Saint-Saëns met some stiff opposition about staging it in France. It was considered sacrilegious to stage a work based on a Bible story. Additionally, Saint-Saëns was considered a "symphonist" rather than an opera composer. People were not interested in "Samson". Liszt staged the work in Germany. It was a hit. It was soon staged in America and in England. 

Roles in the opera include Samson (tenor), Delilah (mezzo-soprano), and the High Priest of Dagon (baritone). The story tells of the enslavement of the Hebrews by the Philistines. Samson urges them to resist their masters. The High Priest of Dagon uses Delilah to destroy Samson. Musical highlights include "" and "" The opera finally played the Paris Opéra. It ranked second in popularity to Charles Gounod's "Faust".

Saint-Saëns thought the Samson and Delilah story would make a good oratorio. Oratorios were popular in the late 1860s. The city of Paris was offering a prize for a new one. Saint-Saëns asked a relative, Ferdinand Lemaire, to write the libretto. Lemaire thought the story of Samson and Delilah was better suited to an opera. He persuaded Saint-Saëns to write an opera instead of an oratorio. 

Saint-Saëns was drawn to the story because it gave him the opportunity to compose a grand duet against a rising storm. He knew Rameau's take on the story from Voltaire's libretto for an opera on the subject (now lost), but Rameau's storm was a metaphor for the wrath of God. Rossini's "Otello" was nearer to what Saint-Saëns had in mind. He wrote, "I imagined a storm that would no longer be an hors-d'œuvre (a tidbit eaten before a meal) but adhere to the action and become one with it."

Saint-Saëns set to work in 1868. He wrote an aria for Delilah, a duet for Samson and Delilah, and the Prelude. He tried them out at home. Friends were not very interested. The composer put the work aside for a time. He met Liszt in Weimar, Germany about 1870. Liszt encouraged him to take up the project again. He promised Saint-Saëns he would stage the opera.

In 1873 Saint-Saëns finished the score. Pauline Viardot staged Act 2 in a garden at Croissy. The director of the Paris Opera was present. He found the opera too Wagnerian. He also thought it neglected French opera tradition. Biblical stories were not staged in France. It was considered sacrilegious. Act 1 was performed "concert style" in 1875. This means it was performed without costumes, scenery, or "acting". It was a failure.

Saint-Saëns kept working. He published the score. He wrote a dedication to Viardot. In 1877 Liszt staged the work at the Weimar Court Theatre in Germany. It was sung in German instead of French. The opera was well received. People liked it. Paris wasn't very interested, though. In 1890 the opera was staged in Rouen at composer Gabriel Faure's urging. It was staged the same year in Paris. Two years later it was finally staged at the Paris Opéra. The opera ranked second in popularity to Gounod's "Faust".

Once the opera gained favor with audiences it quickly spread outside France. The first production in America was at New Orleans in 1893. In 1894 it was staged at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York City. In these early days, productions were mounted in Milan, St Petersburg, and Moscow. French singers walked out on a concert performance in London in 1893. They were expected to sing in English instead of French. Biblical stories were banned from the stage in Britain. The first full production of "Samson" took place in 1909. King Edward VII of England was said to have helped get the opera staged.

Goodwin writes that Saint-Saëns's pupil and friend Gabriel Faure always said that the reason "Samson and Delilah" met with disinterest in France was the fact that the composer was viewed as a symphonistnot because the opera was based on a Biblical text. "Symphonist" was a pejorative term at the time. It was tossed about by opera and ballet fans. "Samson and Delilah" was also a departure from 19th century opera traditions. This was another reason for some to ignore it. It was a three-act opera rather than a standard five-act opera as laid down by Meyerbeer. The opera featured only three principal charactersSamson, Delilah, and the High Priestthus creating another departure from the norm. 

Saint-Saëns was almost an atheist. He did not point out a moral in this opera but let the work speak for itself. He admired the operas of Verdi. He liked the oratorios of Handel and Mendelssohntwo composers whose influence is felt in the choruses of "Samson". He framed the central seduction scene with the two outer acts. In contrast with Samson (strength) and the High Priest (power), Delilah is a character of "seductive" strength and power. She wants Samson on her sidenot for lovebut for her own vanity and sexual gratification. She puts everything she has into successfully seducing him because, if she fails, her head will be on the chopping block.


In a square in Gaza, the Hebrews pray for release from slavery to the Philistines. Samson tries to lift their spirits. Abimelech taunts the Hebrews. He says his god Dagon is greater than the Hebrew god. Samson defies him. Abimelech attacks Samson with a sword. Samson disarms and kills him. The Hebrews flee. The High Priest of Dagon makes plans to use Delilah to trap Samson. 

Delilah enters with the priestesses of Dagon. She flirts with Samson. She invites him to her home in Sorek. An old Hebrew warns Samson about loving Delilah. Samson prays for God's protection. Delilah and the priestesses begin to dance. Samson fights his desire for Delilah. The old Hebrew repeats his warning. As the curtain closes, Samson meets Delilah's gaze. It is clear he will join her in Sorek.

In Sorek Delilah sings about her power over Samson. The High Priest arrives. He reports that Samson and the Hebrews have destroyed the harvest. He offers gold to Delilah to trap Samson. She refuses to take the money. She wants only revenge. Delilah vows to find the secret of Samson's strength. The High Priest leaves.

Delilah considers her chances of success. Samson arrives to say farewell. He plans to lead the Hebrew revolt. Delilah tells Samson that she loves him. He admits that he loves her. They sing rapturously. Delilah wants to know the secret of his strength. Samson will not tell her. She weeps and runs into her house. Samson follows. She learns the secret of his strength. She calls to Philistine soldiers hiding nearby. They capture Samson and blind him.

Samson is chained to a mill-wheel in a dungeon. He prays for his people. They will suffer for his sin. Samson offers his life as a sacrifice. The Hebrews are heard in the distance singing sorrowfully. 

The Philistines are preparing a victory celebration in the temple of Dagon. The priests and priestesses sing softly. The priests dance a wild Bacchanale. Samson enters led by a boy. He is mocked by the High Priest. Delilah taunts him. The priests try to force him to kneel before a statue of Dagon. The boy leads him to the two main pillars in the temple. Samson prays for strength. He pulls down the pillars. The temple collapses. Samson is crushed with his enemies beneath the stones.

"from Encyclopedia Americana, 2002; volume 24, pages 185-86"


Chūgoku region

The , also known as the , is one of Japan's traditional regions. The Japanese conventions of geography and history divide the nation into eight regions, including the Chūgoku region. These have been used since 1905 as basic units for description and comparison and as cultural markers.

The regions of Japan are a fusion of historical divisions and modern administrative needs". The significance of the region in Japan is geographical, cultural and administrative.

In the late 7th century, the "San'indō" and "San'yōdō" were identified as two of the eight largest administrative areas of the Imperial system ("ritsuryo seido").

"Gokishichidō" is an ancient system of names for parts of the country, including "San'indō" and "San'yōdō". Chūgoku covers a western part of the island of Honshū in roughly the same area as the traditional "San'indō" and "San'yōdō".

In the Meiji period, the modern regional system was made by Imperial decree. Japan was divided into regions ("chihō "), including the Chūgoku region. A regional council ("chihō gyōsei kyōgisai") was headed by the governor of the most powerful prefecture in the regional grouping. The council also included regional chiefs of central government ministries.

Over time, Chūgoku has developed its own regional dialects, customs and unique traditional culture.



We Belong Together

"We Belong Together" is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her album "The Emancipation of Mimi". The song is available in several versions. It reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and stayed there for 14 weeks. With the song, Carey holds the record for having the longest-running and second-longest running songs at #1 in the US (her song "One Sweet Day" with Boyz II Men stayed on top for 16 weeks).

It was also No.1 in Australia and the Netherlands. It was the best-selling song in the US of 2005 and later became "Billboard"'s Song of the Decade for the 2000s (2000–09). It won two Grammy Awards.

Vision of Love

"Vision of Love" is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was Carey's first single and the first from her self-titled debut album. Written by Carey and Ben Margulies, "Vision of Love" was released on May 15, 1990, by Columbia Records. After being featured on Carey's demo tape for Columbia, the song was re-recorded and produced by Rhett Lawrence and Narada Michael Walden. It was Carey's first Billboard Hot 100 number one.


Credits adapted from the "Mariah Carey" linear notes.



Kansai region

The is one of Japan's traditional regions The area is also known as the or as the . The Japanese conventions of geography and history divide the nation into eight regions, including the Kansai region. These have been used since 1905 as basic units for description and comparison. and as cultural markers.

The regions of Japan are a fusion of historical divisions and modern administrative needs". The significance of the region in Japan is geographical, cultural and administrative.

In the late 7th century, the "Kinki" region were identified as one of the eight largest administrative areas of the Imperial system ("ritsuryo seido").

"Gokishichidō" is an ancient system of names for parts of the country, including "Kinki" or "Kansai". "Kansai" covers the area around the capital city of Kyoto on the island of Honshū in roughly the same area as the traditional "Kinki".

In the Meiji period, the modern regional system was made by Imperial decree. Japan was divided into regions ("chihō "), including the Kinki region. A regional council ("chihō gyōsei kyōgisai") was headed by the governor of the most powerful prefecture in the regional grouping. The council also included regional chiefs of central government ministries.

Over time, Kansai has developed its own regional dialects, customs and unique traditional culture.



Mon cœur s'ouvre à ta voix

"Mon cœur s'ouvre à ta voix" is a mezzo-soprano aria from Camille Saint-Saëns's opera "Samson and Delilah". It is known in English as "Softly awakes my heart", or "My heart opens itself to your voice". It is sung by Delilah in act 2 as she tries to get Samson to reveal the secret of his great strength.

In the opera, Delilah is responding to Samson's words ""Dalila! Dalila! Je t'aime!"" (Delilah! Delilah! I love you!) which he repeats between the first and second verses of her aria. These interjections are omitted in recital performances or sometimes sung to the changed words ""Samson! Samson! Je t'aime!"". Samson's part in the final 22 bars of the stage aria where he joins Delilah in a duet is also omitted in a recital, although some performers, notably Marilyn Horne, have sung Samson's final words – changed as above, rising to a high B-flat. A performance takes between 5 1/2 and 6 1/2 minutes.

The aria is written in D-flat major. The verse has a time signatures of 3/4 but the refrain (""Ah! réponds"") has a time signature of 4/4. The tempo indication is "andantino" (=66) for the verse and "un poco più lento" (a little slower) for the refrain. The vocal range extends from B-flat to G-flat, with a tessitura from E-flat to E-flat.

The instrumentation calls for flute, oboe, clarinet, horns, harp and strings. All instrument lines, except the harp, make intensive use of divisi (cellos play in four divisi). The orchestral accompaniment consists mainly of reiterated notes for the first verse and of falling chromatic lines for the second verse. The refrain is accompanied by ascending broken chords.

The melismatic setting of the lyrics present a particular challenge for the performance of this aria as it requires legato singing over a wide range.


Kantō region

The is one of Japan's regions. The Japanese conventions of geography and history divide the nation into eight regions, including the Kantō region. These have been used since 1905 as basic units for description and comparison and as cultural markers.

The regions of Japan are a fusion of historical divisions and modern administrative needs". The significance of the region in Japan is geographical, cultural and administrative.

In the late 7th century, the "Tōkaidō" region were identified as one of the eight largest administrative areas of the Imperial system ("ritsuryo seido").

"Gokishichidō" is an ancient system of names for parts of the country, including "Tōkaidō". "Kantō" covers an east-central area of the island of Honshū in roughly the same area as the traditional "Tōkaidō".

The region of Kantō covers the east-central part of the island of Honshū.

In the Meiji period, the modern regional system was made by Imperial decree. Japan was divided into regions ("chihō "), including the Kantō region. A regional council ("chihō gyōsei kyōgisai") was headed by the governor of the most powerful prefecture in the regional grouping. The council also included regional chiefs of central government ministries.

Over time, Kantō developed its own regional dialects, customs and unique traditional culture.


The region includes the Greater Tokyo Area. The Kantō covers seven prefectures: Gunma, Tochigi, Ibaraki, Saitama, Tokyo, Chiba, and Kanagawa.
North and South subdivisions are sometimes used: 

East and West subdivisions are sometimes used: 

Inland and Coastal subdivisions are sometimes used:

The Japanese national government defines the as the Kantō region plus Yamanashi Prefecture.

Japan's national public broadcaster NHK defines the which includes Yamanashi, Nagano and Niigata Prefectures for regional programming.



Der Hölle Rache

"Der Hölle Rache kocht in meinem Herzen" () is an aria for the Queen of the Night in Mozart's opera "The Magic Flute" (). Mozart's friend Emanuel Schikaneder wrote the words. The aria is written in D minor. The voice ranges over two octaves. It is known for being difficult to perform well. Mozart's sister-in-law Josepha Hofer was the first to sing the aria on stage.

The Queen of the Night is a role for a coloratura soprano. She has two arias in the opera. The other is "Oh, tremble not, my beloved son" ("). Both arias are famous. "Hell's vengeance" is highly memorable, fast paced and menacingly grandiose.

The aria is written in D minor. It is scored for pairs of flutes, oboes, bassoons, horns, trumpets, timpani, and the string section. It is a larger orchestra than that for """. It comprises all the players from the opera as a whole, except the clarinets and trombones.

The aria is sung in act 2. It is famous for being difficult to perform well. The Queen of the Night is in a fit of rage. She gives a knife to her daughter Pamina. She tells her to kill the priest Sarastro. If she refuses, the Queen will curse her. The aria's range is two octaves, from F to F and requires a very high tessitura.

The first singer to perform the aria onstage was Mozart's sister-in-law Josepha Hofer. She was 33. Mozart wrote the two "Magic Flute" arias to showcase her voice. He was very impressed with Hofer's performance. In the fifth week of the opera's run, Mozart lay dying. He whispered to his wife Constanze on December 4, 1791: "Quiet, quiet! Hofer is just taking her top F; – now my sister-in-law is singing her second aria, "Der Hölle Rache"; how strongly she strikes and holds the B-flat: ""

The words were written (in German) by Mozart's friend Emanuel Schikaneder, who also played Papageno in the first performances. 

Se vuol ballare

The cavatina "Se vuol ballare" is an aria from "The Marriage of Figaro" by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. The lyrics are by Lorenzo Da Ponte. It portrays Figaro's intent to foil Count Almaviva's womanizing, but can also be read as a political attack on the power-wielding nobility of the time.
The song is sung in act 1. Figaro discovers Count Almaviva intends to exercise his feudal right to sleep with Figaro's wife Susanna before they consummate their marriage. Figaro sings of how he will unravel the Count's schemes and thwart him.

Beethoven wrote a series of 12 variations on the theme of "Se vuol ballare". It bears the Number WoO 40 (=Werk ohne Opuszahl, work without opus number)

Lorenzo da Ponte

Lorenzo da Ponte (10 March 1749 – 17 August 1838) was an opera librettist and poet. He is best known for having written the libretti for three of Mozart's operas, "The Marriage of Figaro", "Don Giovanni", and "Così fan tutte".

Da Ponte was born Emanuele Conegliano to Jewish parents near Venice, Italy. He became a Christian, and took the name Lorenzo da Ponte from the bishop who baptized him. He became a priest at the church of San Luca in Venice. He took Anzoletta Bellaudi as his mistress. They ran a brothel. Da Ponte was banished from Venice for 15 years. He went to Austria where he became court librettist to Emperor Joseph II.

About 1792, da Ponte married Ann Celestine Grahl. They had four children. When Joseph II died, da Ponte lost his job. He went to London. He got into debt, and went to the United States. He ran a grocery store in Pennsylvania for a short time. He moved to New York City and opened a bookstore. He became the first professor of Italian literature at Columbia College. He produced "Don Giovanni" in New York in 1826. In 1828, da Ponte became a naturalized US citizen.

Da Ponte died in 1838 in New York. His funeral was held in New York's old St. Patrick's Cathedral. His final resting place is uncertain. All of da Ponte's libretti were adaptations of pre-existing plots, except "L'arbore di Diana" and "Così fan tutte". His adaptations are of the highest order. The Don Giovanni character was given new life in da Ponte's hands. The character is now considered the archetypical libertine.


Magnetic pendulum

A magnetic pendulum is an experiment where a metal ball on a thread (a pendulum) can be influenced by a number of magnets on the ground. The length of the rope is such that the ball cannot touch the magnets, but is still influenced by them. If the ball is moved, its movement will be influenced by both gravitation and the fields the magnets generate. If the movement is so large that the ball can get outside the influence of the magnets, the resulting movement will look irregular. 

Amahl and the Night Visitors

Amahl and the Night Visitors is a one-act opera. The words and music were written by Gian Carlo Menotti. Menotti took inspiration from Hieronymus Bosch's "The Adoration of the Magi", a painting in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. 

It was the first opera written for television. Its first performance was on Christmas Eve 1951 on NBC. It was the first show in the famous "Hallmark Hall of Fame" series. About five million people watched the program. It was the largest audience to ever see an opera on television. "Amahl" was shown every year until 1966. 

Menotti wanted Amahl to always be performed by a boy. He wrote, "It is the express wish of the composer that the role of Amahl should always be performed by a boy. Neither the musical nor the dramatic concept of the opera permits the substitution of a woman costumed as a child."

Amahl is a crippled shepherd boy who uses a crutch. He sees a huge star in the night sky. His mother thinks he is lying and sends him to bed. She worries that they will become beggars. 

There is a knock at the door. Three kings ask for a place to rest. They are on their way to Bethlehem to find a newborn child. Amahl pesters them with many questions. Shepherds arrive to dance for the kings. The kings grow sleepy and the shepherds go home. 

The room is dark and everyone is asleep. The mother tries to steal a piece of gold from the kings. She is caught by their servant. Amahl wakes and beats the servant. He falls exhausted. The kings tell the mother to keep the gold. They tell her the wonderful baby they are seeking has no need for gold because his kingdom is Heaven. 

Amahl offers his crutch to this wonderful baby. He takes a few stumbling steps. A miracle has occurred. He can walk. He leaves with the kings to give his crutch to the baby himself. His mother waves good-bye.

The Medium

The Medium is a two-act opera with words and music by Gian Carlo Menotti. It was commissioned by Columbia University. Its first performance was there on May 8, 1946. The opera's first professional production was presented on a double bill with Menotti's "The Telephone". This occurred at the Heckscher Theater, New York City, on February 18-20, 1947 by the Ballet Society. The Broadway production took place on May 1, 1947, at the Ethel Barrymore Theater with the same cast. In 1951, Menotti directed, with the help of filmmaker Alexander Hammid, a movie version made to resemble film noir. It starred Anna Maria Alberghetti. A live television production starring Marie Powers took place on December 12, 1948 on the TV series "Studio One".

"The medium's parlor"

Monica, Madame Flora's daughter, and Toby, a mute servant boy rescued from "the streets of Budapest" play dress-up. When Madame Flora, or "Baba" as they call her, arrives home drunk, she violently chastises them for not preparing for that night's seance. Soon the guests arrive, Mr. and Mrs. Gobineau, regulars, and the widow Mrs. Nolan who is attending for the first time. With Madame Flora in a trance in her chair, a fake seance is held where Mrs. Nolan speaks with what she thinks is her deceased sixteen-year-old daughter but is really Monica behind a screen. As Monica disappears, Mrs. Nolan rushes toward the figure and is restrained by the Gobineaus. When order is restored, Mr. and Mrs. Gobineau "communicate" with their deceased two-year-old son Mickey who does nothing but laugh. After they say goodbye to him, Madame Flora "suddenly, with a loud gasp... clutches at her throat with both hands." She feels a phantom hand clutching her throat and is "terror-stricken." After demanding that the guests leave, she calls for Monica and tells her what she felt, eventually blaming Toby who was in the other room the whole time. In an effort to calm Baba's drunken rage toward Toby, Monica sings her the dark lullaby "The Black Swan" which is interrupted by a voice that Baba hears causing her to fly into a terrified rage at Toby for not telling her where the voice is coming from. The act ends with Monica again singing the lullaby while Baba recites her Hail Marys.

"A few days later"

Toby is giving a puppet show for Monica, their mutual love becomes more obvious. When Baba comes home, she resumes her accusations on Toby, sure that he knows what went on that night. The guests again arrive, expecting another seance but are driven away by Madame Flora who tries to convince them that the whole thing was a sham by revealing all the tricks that she and Monica used. But the guests are not convinced and leave claiming that while she might have thought she was cheating them, she in fact was not. Once the guests are gone, she drives Toby out despite Monica's pleas on his behalf. With everyone gone, and Monica in her room, Baba pours herself another drink and questions her own sanity, becoming wild with drink and eventually passing out. Once she has fallen asleep, Toby sneaks back in and tries to get into Monica's room, but finds it locked and eventually goes to the trunk to find his tambourine. While searching, he knocks the lid of the trunk down waking Baba. Toby quickly hides in the puppet theater. As Baba tries to see where the noise came from and fetches a revolver from a drawer in the table. "Hysterically" she shouts out "Who is it? Speak or I'll Shoot!" and the puppet theater curtain moves. "Baba screams and fires at it several times." As Toby's bloody body collapses grasping the curtain, Baba says "I've killed the ghost! I've killed the ghost!" Monica, hearing the gunshots, enters, sees Toby's lifeless body and runs for help. As the final curtain falls "very slowly" Baba asks "in a hoarse whisper," "Was it you?"



Negro

The word "Negro" is used in the English-speaking world to refer to a person of black ancestry or appearance. It has been used for people of African ancestry as well as people from other places. "Negro" means 'black' in Spanish and Portuguese. It comes from the Latin word "niger" which means 'black'. 

It is usually considered an offensive term nowadays. Words such as 'black' or 'African American' are preferred.

"Negro" replaced the term "colored" as the more polite term. This was done when the term "black" was more offensive. This use of the word was accepted as normal during the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s. It was accepted even by the people it was used to describe. One example of this is Martin Luther King, Jr. using the term "negro" when talking about his own race in his 1963 speech "I Have a Dream".

During the Civil Rights Movement, some African American leaders in the United States did not like this word. People like Malcolm X wanted the word "Black" to be used. This was because they saw a connection between the term "Negro" and slavery, segregation, and discrimination.

The word is now usually considered offensive and outdated. Since the late 1960s, many other terms have been more commonly used. These include "Black", "Black African", "Afro-American" and "African American". The words "African American" have been used in the United States to refer to Black Americans.

The term "Negro" is still used in some ways. It is used by the United Negro College Fund and the Negro league in sports.

The United States Census Bureau said that "Negro" would be used on the 2010 United States Census, with "Black" and "African-American". This was because some older black Americans still feel this is the word that describes them.

Around 1442 the Portuguese first went to sub-Saharan Africa. They were trying to find a way to get to India by boat. The term ""negro"" was used by the Spanish and Portuguese as a simple description of people. It means "black". From the 18th century to the late 1960s, "negro" was the proper English-language term for most people of sub-Saharan African origin.

Most people stopped using the word "Negro" by the early 1970s in the United States. Many older African Americans grew up when "Negro" was "widely" said to be the correct term. They thought the term "Black" was more offensive than "Negro." This can be seen by the use the word by historical African-American organizations and institutions. Currently, "Negro" is "generally" thought to be not offensive when used in a historical way. For example, baseball's Negro Leagues of the early and mid-20th century. It is also used in the name of older organizations. These include Negro spirituals, the United Negro College Fund or the Journal of Negro Education. The U.S. Census now uses "Black, African-American or Negro." The term "Negro" is used to try to include older African Americans who think it is a better term.


Serenade for Strings

Serenade for Strings in C major, Op. 48 is a work for string orchestra by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. It premiered in 1880. The serenade consists of four movements:

Tchaikovsky intended the first movement to be an imitation of Mozart's style. It was based on the form of the classical sonatina, with a slow introduction. The 36-bar "Andante" introduction is marked "sempre marcatissimo". It is littered with double-stopping in the violins and violas. This introduction returns at the end of the movement. It reappears, transformed, in the coda of the fourth movement. Tchaikovsky intended the work for a large string orchestra. On the second page of the score, he wrote, "The larger the string orchestra, the better will the composer's desires be fulfilled." George Balanchine used the work for his ballet "Serenade" in 1934Excerpts from the score were used in the 2005 ballet "Anna Karenina", choreographed by Boris Eifman. The waltz was arranged for soprano and full orchestra for the 1945 MGM movie "Anchors Aweigh". It was performed by Kathryn Grayson with José Iturbi conducting the MGM studio orchestra.

Ancient philosophy

Ancient philosophy refers to the philosophies of Ancient China, Greece, Rome, India, Iran, etc. These places had large empires before 200 BC. This time is sometimes called the Axial Age of thought. In the western world it is the birthtime of western philosophy.

Ancient philosophy in Europe refers mainly to that of Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. Diogenes Laërtius, a 3rd-century scholar wrote Lives and Opinions of Eminent Philosophers, which summarized the position of many Ancient Greek philosophers. This work was translated into Latin and meant that Ancient Greek philosophy remained known even after Library of Alexandria lost its influence. Most of Ancient philosophy was forgotten after the 6th century. After this, it was mainly through Islamic thinkers such as Avicenna (11th century), Averroës (12th century), or the Jewish philosopher Maimonides (12th century) that Ancient philosophy became known again. Medieval philosophy, such as that of Albertus Magnus (13th century) or Thomas Aquinas meant that the works of thinkers such as Aristotle were well known.


The River (American TV series)

The River is an American television series. The series uses many different genres. These include paranormal, action/adventure, mystery and horror. The series was first broadcast during the 2011–12 winter season on ABC. Eight episodes will be made for the first season. The series was first shown on Tuesday February 7, 2012 at 9pm EST.

Explorer Dr. Emmet Cole (Bruce Greenwood) went looking for magic in the Amazon. He never came back. To the millions of kids who grew up watching his nature show, Dr. Cole was a hero. To his son, Lincoln (Joe Anderson), he was more of mystery. Six months after Cole was lost, Lincoln was ready to accept that his father was dead. This changes when Dr. Cole's emergency beacon goes off. Lincoln and his mother, Tess (Leslie Hope), begin a search for his father. To pay for the rescue, they let Dr. Cole's ex-producer, Clark (Paul Blackthorne), film the mission as a documentary. They and a group of others go to the Amazon to try and find Dr. Cole.

Oren Peli and Michael R. Perry created this series about a documentary crew searching the Amazon for a scientist-explorer-television host.

In September, 2010, ABC bought the rights to make the series. NBC also wanted to make it, but ABC offered more money. The show will broadcast on CTV in Canada.

The show has been well liked by the critics. It has a score of 65/100 from Metacritic.

"The River" was first broadcast in the United States and Canada on February 7, 2012. It is not being broadcast the United Kingdom but was on iTunes on February 8, 2012.


Shin Don

Sin Don (신돈, 辛旽; 21 January 1322 – 21 August 1371) was a Korean Goryeo Dynasty scholar, politician, and Buddhist monk. His first name was Pyeonjo (편조, 遍照). a penname was Chunghangeosa (청한거사, 淸閑居士). His Chinese style name was Yogong (요공, 耀空). He was a teacher and advisor of king Gongmin of Goryeo.


Subtitle (captioning)

Subtitles are text-like versions of the dialog in movies. Subtitles are also used in television programmes and video games. The text is usually displayed at the bottom of the screen. Subtitles can also be a form of written translation of a dialog in an unfamiliar language, or a written text version of the spoken words in the same language, with or without added information to help watchers who are not able to hear or people who cannot understand the spoken dialogue.

W (magazine)

W is a monthly American fashion magazine published by Condé Nast Publications. It was started in 1972 by the publisher of sister magazine Woman's Wear Daily, James Brady. The magazine is an oversize set – ten inches wide and thirteen inches tall. W magazine has nearly half a million, 469,000 subscribers. 80 percent of the magazine's readers are girls and women. 

Iraj Eskandari

Iraj Eskandari (; 1907 – 1985) was an Persian Qajar politician. He was active in the Persian Revolution. He was killed in prison during the reign of Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar. 

Béatrice Vialle

Béatrice Vialle (born 4 August 1961 at Bourges) is a French pilot. She is one of the two female Concorde pilots. She was the first French female pilot on a supersonic airliner.

She graduated from École nationale de l'aviation civile (promotion 1981).

Sandal Bar

Sandal Bar (), is a large and ancient region of Punjab. It is between the river Ravi and river Chenab. It spreads over almost 80 km from east to west and 40 km north to south. "Bar", in the local language, means a forested area where there are no resources for cultivation, like water.

Punjabi is the main language of the region. Many people also speak Urdu. Some who came from Rajasthan, Haryana, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh States of India during the Partition of India of 1947 speak Haryanvi or Mewati.




Nankana Sahib

Nankana Sahib, (Shahmukhi: ; Gurmukhi: ) is a city in the Nankana Sahib district. This new district formed in 2005. The city used to be called Rai-Bhoi-Di-Talwandi and was part of the old Sheikhupura District. Nankana Sahib is in the region of Punjab. It is about 75 kilometres west of Lahore and about 55 kilometres east of Faisalabad. Nankana is the holiest city for Sikhs and Hindus.

The village of Nankana Sahib was founded by Rai Boi. He was a Muslim Rajput of Bhatti Clan, and a retainer of the Delhi Sultanate rulers of the early 15th Century. His descendants were Chaudhary Rai Bular (died 1515), who was a devotee of Guru Nanak Dev (1469-1539), the founder of the Sikh religion. Guru Nanak's parents were from Amritsar District area, as his father Mehta Kalu got a new job as a patwari of the village of Rai Bhoi Di Talwandi (now Nankana Sahib), in the Sandal Bar region of Punjab.

Detour (1945 movie)

Detour (1945) is a crime movie. It was directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. Critics liked the movie. It has received a lot of praise over the years. The movie is regarded as a good example of film noir.

"Detour" was chosen for preservation in the United States National Film Registry. The movie was remade in 1992 with Tom Neal's son Tom Neal Jr. in his father's role.


Al is hitchhiking to Hollywood. A man named Haskell picks him up. Haskell accidentally dies on the road that night. Al believes the police will think he killed Haskell. He dumps Haskell's body on the side of the road. He runs away with Haskell's money and car.

The next day Al picks up Vera at a gas station. She is a drifter. She knows Al is not Haskell. She threatens to turn him over to the police if he does not obey her orders. She reads in a newspaper that Haskell's rich father wants to find his son.

Vera orders Al to pretend to be Haskell. She wants to get the man's money. Al refuses. Vera gets drunk. They argue. Al accidentally kills her. He hits the road again, but the police nab him.

Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit

Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit (1686-1736) was a German physicist who worked in the Netherlands. He became known for the precise instruments he made. The degree Fahrenheit is named after him. He was the first to be able to determine the temperature with precision. His thermometers used Ethyl alcohol at first. When he read an article by Guillaume Amontons about using mercury in barometers, he got the idea of using that substance for his thermometers. He calibrated his mercury thermometers to a cold temperature he could produce easily, the freezing point of salt water. 

In 1724 he discovered that water can be supercooled below its freezing point without turning into ice. 

Fahrenheit also developed a hydrometer, a pycnometer and a hypsobarometer

Santa Claus Conquers the Martians

Santa Claus Conquers the Martians (1964) is a science fiction children's movie. The movie is about Martians kidnapping Santa Claus so their children (who watch too much television) will have some fun. It was directed by Nicholas Webster and stars John Call as Santa Claus. Pia Zadora plays a Martian child. The movie is considered one of the worst ever made.

List of movies in the United States National Film Registry

The following is a list of movies in the United States National Film Registry. 

Brian Williams

Brian Douglas Williams (born May 5, 1959) is the anchor of "NBC Nightly News", the evening newscast of NBC. He used to anchor the NBC News broadcast "The News with Brian Williams" on NBC's sister networks CNBC and MSNBC. 

On February 10, 2015, Williams was suspended for six months without pay. That was done because he reported false stories regarding his trips to Iraq in 2003 and to New Orleans during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005.

White Zombie (movie)

White Zombie is a 1932 horror movie. It was directed and produced by brothers Victor and Edward Halperin. The movie's zombie theme was based on Kenneth Webb's Broadway play "Zombie". Reviews were mixed. A sequel was made in 1936 called "Revolt of the Zombies". "White Zombie" is the first zombie movie. It was one of the few American horror movies to be approved by the Nazis.


Madeleine and Neil are going to be married at Beaumont's house in Haiti. Beaumont secretly loves Madeleine. He wants to find a way to get Madeleine to love him. He goes to a zombie master named Murder Legendre.

Murder tells Beaumont to give Madeleine a certain potion. He does. She becomes lifeless. All think her dead. She is placed in a cemetery vault. In the night, Murder and Beaumont carry her off to Murder's castle on the coast.

Murder has fallen in love with her, too. He gets rid of Beaumont by turning him into a zombie. Neil and his friend Dr. Bruner set off to save Madeleine. Murder falls from a cliff during a fight with Neil. His power over Madeleine is broken. She returns to life.

The Nutty Professor

The Nutty Professor may refer to 


Queen of Outer Space

Queen of Outer Space is a 1958 science fiction movie. The screenplay was written by Charles Beaumont and Edward Bernds (uncredited). It was based on an outline by Ben Hecht. The movie was directed by Edward Bernds. It was shot in CinemaScope.

Cast member Lisa Davis said that Gabor's costumes were custom-made while those for the rest of the cast were "retreads" from "Forbidden Planet". Davis and co-star Patrick Waltz fell in love at first sight on the set. The two married in June 1958.


Captain Patterson and his crew crash-land on Venus. They are captured by Venusians. The planet is ruled by cruel Queen Yllana. She wears a mask. She has banished men from the planet. The women long for the love of men again. The astronauts are helped by the beautiful Talleah and her friends.

They plot to overthrow the evil Queen. Patterson removes the Queen's mask. She is scarred by radiation burns caused by men and their wars. In a rage, the Queen tries to destroy Earth and its warlike peoples. She dies in the attempt. The Venusians are free to enjoy the love of men again.

Mandingo (movie)

Mandingo is a 1975 movie based on the book "Mandingo" by Kyle Onstott and upon the play based thereon by Jack Kirkland. The movie was directed by Richard Fleischer. The movie tells the story of a plantation family and their slaves. The movie was a box office hit, but critical reviews were mixed.


The movie is set on Falconhurst, a run-down plantation owned by widower Warren Maxwell and his son Hammond. Hammond's Mandingo slave Ganymede, or Mede is trained to fight other slaves. Hammond neglects his wife Blanche whom he rejects on their wedding night after discovering she was not a virgin. Hammond instead rapes his slave Ellen while Blanche forces Mede to lay with her. These various, conflicting infidelities all eventually come together causing the movie to end tragically with the deaths of most of the main characters.

Upon its release in 1975, critical response was mixed although box office was strong. Roger Ebert despised the film and gave it a "zero star" rating. Richard Schickel of "TIME" found the film boring and cliché-ridden. Movie critic Robin Wood was enthusiastic about the movie, calling it “the greatest film about race ever made in Hollywood”. In Leonard Maltin's annual publication "Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide" the movie is ranked as a "BOMB" and dismissed with the word "Stinko!"

Some prominent critics hail the film, including the "New York Times" columnist Dave Kehr, who called it "a thinly veiled Holocaust film that spares none of its protagonists," further describing it as "Fleischer’s last great crime film, in which the role of the faceless killer is played by an entire social system." Director Quentin Tarantino has cited "Mandingo" as one of only two instances "in the last twenty years [that] a major studio made a full-on, gigantic, big-budget exploitation movie", comparing it to "Showgirls".


Hopsin

Marcus Jamal Hopson (born July 18, 1985 in Los Angeles, California), known professionally as Hopsin, is an American rapper, hip hop producer, actor and music video director.

Hopsin was signed to Ruthless Records in 2007. He left later due to lack of support and financial compensation. Hopsin was angry at the owner Tomica Wright and claimed that she didn't know what she was doing. He stated that his first studio album Gazing at the Moonlight was released without his consent and that he wasn't even able to listen to the mastered version before it was released. He left the label when Tomica said "He doesn't do his job as an artist". In 2009, Hopsin founded an independent label called Funk Volume with business partner Dame Ritter. He also acted as a minor character in an episode of That's So Raven, made a guest appearance in the movie Fame and starred in the independent movie Bomb the World.

Hopsin has released 6 studio albums:


Learner's permit

A learner's permit can also be called a driver's permit, learner's license, or provisional license. It is given to those who are learning to drive a car but do not meet the requirements for a driver's license. Many countries require drivers to have a learner's permit for some time before they can be given a driver's license.

Getting a learner's permit usually means a person has to take a written test about the rules of the road, such as traffic signs and road safety. There is also a minimum age. Depending on the area, the minimum age can range from 14 to 19 years. 

For example, in Victoria, Australia, a person must be 16 years old and pass a written road rules test to get a Learner's permit. The written test consists of 32 questions on road rules; and 25 must be answered correctly. The person must also pass an eyesight test. There are restrictions on what a person with a Victorian learner's permit can do. They must have a sign with the letter "L" (called an L plate) on both the front and back of the car. They must have a fully licenced driver with them at all times. They are not allowed to drive if they have drunk any alcohol. They are not allowed to tow anything behind the car. They must have the learner's permit for 12 months, and completed 120 hours before they allowed to be tested for a full licence.

Ursula Burns

Ursula M. Burns (born 20 September 1958) is an American businesswoman. She was the CEO of Xerox from 2009 to 2017. Burns was the first African American woman to be CEO of the company. She was listed as the 14th most powerful woman in the world in 2009 by Forbes . Burns is from Manhattan, New York.

Cedar Rapids (movie)

Cedar Rapids is a 2011 comedy movie. It is about an insurance agent from Wisconsin who travels to Cedar Rapids, Iowa for reasons of promotion. In this movie are Anne Heche and Sigourney Weaver. The movie received positive reviews by the critics.

Naive insurance agent Tim Lippe welcomes his former teacher into his home. He has sex with her. He goes over his experience as a student.

In his position as an insurance agent, he is sent to represent his company, the Brownstar Insurance in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. He does this as a replacement for his co-worker, Roger Lemke. Lemke died in an auto-erotic asphyxiation accident. Tim idolized Roger. He believes Roger's death was just an unfortunate accident.

Tim's boss, Bill, pressures him to win again to make sure they keep the company on top. At the conference, Lippe meets fellow insurance agents Ronald Wilkes, Dean Ziegler and Joan Ostrowski-Fox. He also meets Bree, a sex worker who works the parking lot near a hotel. She calls him "Butterscotch" when he offers her candy. 

Tim is paired with Joan. When they win, they become drunk with Dean in the hotel's swimming pool. Tim and Joan's sexual tension builds to a head. They make out in the pool. They have sex in Joan's hotel room.

Tim runs into Dean. He lets slip about Lemke's bribery. As his friend, Dean agrees to not tell anyone. Tim later comes across Bree. he takes her to a party, then starts a fight. Ron, Dean and Joan come just in time to rescue him and Bree. Bree says she's in love with Tim.


The movie was shot in and around Ann Arbor, Michigan rather than Cedar Rapids, Iowa itself because of the failure of an Iowa movie production tax credit.

"Cedar Rapids" has an 86% rating from Rotten Tomatoes based on reviews from 160 critics.

Jind State

Jind State was a Sidhu Jat princely state in Punjab. It was founded in 1763 by Gajpat Singh of Jind (1738-1789).


Hinduism and Islam were the main religions of the State. The Sikhs dominated the northern areas of Jind State.

S-block

The s-block is one of four blocks of elements in the periodic table. The element of s- group have a common property. The electron in their most outward electron shell are in the s-orbital. Elements in the s- are in the first two periodic table groups. The elements in group one are called the alkali metals. The elements in group two are called the alkaline earth metals.

The modern periodic law says that "The properties of elements are periodic function of their atomic number." This means that some properties of elements are repeated as the atomic number of the elements gets larger. These repeating properties have been used to separate the elements into four s. These s are s-, p-, d-, and f-. 
All of the s- elements are metals (except Hydrogen). In general, they are shiny, silvery, good conductors of heat and electricity. They lose their valence electrons easily. In fact, they lose their trademark "s" orbital valence electrons so easily that the s- elements are some of the most reactive elements on the periodic table.

The elements in group 1, known collectively as the alkali metals (except hydrogen), always lose their one valence electron to make a +1 ion. These metals are characterized by being silvery, very soft, not very dense and having low melting points. These metals react extremely vigorously with water and even oxygen to produce energy and flammable hydrogen gas. They are kept in mineral oil to reduce the chance of an unwanted reaction or worse, an explosion.

The elements in group 2, known as the alkaline earth metals (except helium), always lose their two valence electrons to make a +2 ion. Like the alkali metals, the alkaline earth metals are silvery, shiny and relatively soft. Some of the elements in this column also react vigorously with water and must be stored carefully.

S- elements are famous for being ingredients in fireworks. The ionic forms of potassium, strontium and barium make appearances in firework displays as the brilliant purples, reds and greens.

Francium is considered to be the most rare naturally occurring element on earth. It is estimated that there is only ever one natural atom of Francium present on earth at a time. Francium has a very unstable nucleus and undergoes nuclear decay rapidly. 

Chemical properties of alkali metals 

1.Alkali metals react with dry hydrogen to form hydrides. 


2.Formation of oxides and hydroxides.


3. They are purely metallic , as they lose the electrons from the outermost shell readily. They are highly reactive metals and they have low ionization energy .

4. Beryllium is amphoteric in nature .

The first element in group one, Lithium, and the first in group two, Beryllium, behave differently to other members of their groups. Their behaviour is like the second element of the next group. So lithium is similar to magnesium, and beryllium is similar to aluminum.

In the periodic table this is known as a 'diagonal relationship'. The diagonal relationship is because of similarities in ionic sizes and charge/radius ratio of the element. The similarity between lithium and magnesium is because of their similar sizes:

Lithium has many different behaviours to other elements in group one. This difference caused by:
Some of the ways in which lithium behaves differently from other members of are:


White Zombie

White Zombie was an American heavy metal band. White Zombie was originally a noise rock band, but they are better-known for their later heavy metal sound.

Vought F4U Corsair

The Vought F4U Corsair was a fighter aircraft that fought in World War II and the Korean War. Vought could not keep up with demand for the aircraft, so Goodyear and Brewster made them. It was deployed in large numbers starting in 1944, and has longest production run of any piston-engined fighter in U.S. history (1942–1953).

The Corsair was used by the U.S. Navy, U.S. Marines, Fleet Air Arm and the Royal New Zealand Air Force, as well as the French Navy "Aéronavale" and other, smaller, air forces. Some Japanese pilots said it was the best American fighter of World War II, and the U.S. Navy reported an 11:1 kill ratio. Besides serving as a fighter, it became the most capable carrier-based fighter-bomber of World War II.

The F4U Corsair was an elite late-war fighter aircraft. The F4U corsair was primarily used by the U.S. Navy in the mid 1940’s and farther, but there were variations to create a ground-suitable model. These aircraft came equipped with several browning machine guns and a big engine, and a handy tow-hook, to assist in carrier landings. A unique characteristic of the F4U Corsair are its Gull Wings, as it began angled downwards, and then upwards. This was used for easy storing on aircraft-carriers. Though, many early accidents occured in the developing and testing of this aircraft for carrier landings.

The Corsair also saw action in the Korean War and in the 1969 Soccer War. The Grumman F6F Hellcat was easier to fly The Corsair had early problems landing on an aircraft carrier, so its first combat flights were from land bases. There were three different types of the Corsair. 


The Corsair had high agility. With its <nowiki></nowiki>Pratt and Whitney R-2800<nowiki></nowiki> Double Wasp 18-cylinder engine producing over 2000 horsepower, the Corsair was the first US single engine fighter to fly faster than 400 miles per hour. 

During the war, the Corsair flew over 64,000 sorties, shot down over 2,000 enemy aircraft, and only lost 189 planes in action to the enemy. The aircraft designer, Rex Beisel, developed a new inverted gull wing design. This allowed the landing gear to be short and sturdy while still providing ground clearance for the propeller. 

Douglas Sirk

Douglas Sirk (April 26, 1897 – January 14, 1987) was a movie director. He is best known for his lush romantic movies of the 1950s such as "All That Heaven Allows". His movies were thought banal and unimportant by contemporary critics. Today however they are regarded as masterpieces and ironic commentaries on American life and society. 

Sirk was born Hans Detlef Sierck in Hamburg, Germany. His parent were Danish. He grew up in Denmark, but moved to Germany as a teenager. His theater career began in 1922 and his movie career in 1934. He left Germany in 1937. By 1942 he was directing movies in Hollywood. He is famous for lush romantic movies made between 1952 and 1958. At the height of his career, he quit making movies. He left the United States. Sirk died in Lugano, Switzerland about thirty years later. In 1985, he was awarded the Bavarian Film Award, Honorary Award.


Sirk's movies were very successful at the box office, but the critics did not like them. They thought his movies unimportant and banal because they were about women and exaggerated emotions. His conspicuous style was considered unrealistic. Critical opinion changed in the 1970s. Analysis revealed Sirk's movies actually criticized American society beneath a banal surface plot. His movies are now regarded as masterpieces of irony. Sirk's reputation was also helped by a widespread nostalgia for old-fashioned Hollywood films. His movies have influenced other directors. Todd Haynes's "Far From Heaven", for example, is a conscious attempt to replicate a typical Sirk movie. Roger Ebert has remarked that "To appreciate a film like "Written on the Wind" probably takes more sophistication than to understand one of Ingmar Bergman's masterpieces, because Bergman's themes are visible and underlined, while with Sirk the style conceals the message."

Written on the Wind

Written on the Wind is a 1956 romantic drama movie. It stars Rock Hudson, Lauren Bacall, Robert Stack, and Dorothy Malone. Douglas Sirk directed. The movie is based on Robert Wilder's 1945 novel of the same name. The book is a thinly disguised account of the real-life scandal involving torch singer Libby Holman and her husband, tobacco heir Zachary Smith Reynolds. Dorothy Malone won the Best Supporting Actress Academy Award for her performance.

Marylee is a self-destructive, alcoholic nymphomaniac. Her brother Kyle is an insecure, alcoholic playboy. They are the spoiled children of Texas oil baron Jasper Hadley. The two are crippled by their personal demons. Neither is able to sustain a personal relationship.

Problems begin when Kyle marries Lucy Moore. He resumes drinking after failing to father a child. He turns against his childhood friend, Mitch Wayne. Kyle's anger and depression deepen after the death of his father. Jasper had admired Mitch, but was disgusted with his own two children.

Mitch is secretly in love with Lucy. He keeps these feelings private. Kyle is diagnosed with a low sperm count. Lucy announces she is pregnant. Kyle assaults her. He thinks the baby belongs to Mitch. The assault results in a miscarriage. Mitch vows to leave town with Lucy as soon as she's well enough to travel. A drunken Kyle grabs a pistol. He intends to shoot Mitch. Marylee struggles with her brother. The pistol accidentally fires. Kyle is killed.

Marylee has long been infatuated with Mitch. He has repeatedly spurned her. She spitefully threatens to name Mitch as Kyle's killer. At the inquest, she first testifies that he killed Kyle. At the last moment she admits the truth. Mitch and Lucy leave. Marylee is left alone to mourn her brother's death.

Bosley Crowther wrote in the "New York Times", "The trouble with this romantic picture ... is that nothing really happens, the complications within the characters are never clear and the sloppy, self-pitying fellow at the center of the whole thing is a bore." "TV Guide" describes the film as "the ultimate in lush melodrama ... Douglas Sirk's finest directorial effort ... one of the most notable critiques of the American family ever made."

Roger Ebert writes, "a perverse and wickedly funny melodrama in which you can find the seeds of "Dallas", "Dynasty", and all the other prime-time soaps. Sirk is the one who established their tone, in which shocking behavior is treated with passionate solemnity, while parody burbles beneath ... To appreciate a film like "Written on the Wind" probably takes more sophistication than to understand one of Ingmar Bergman's masterpieces, because Bergman's themes are visible and underlined, while with Sirk the style conceals the message. His interiors are wildly over the top, and his exteriors are phony - he wants you to notice the artifice, to see that he's not using realism but an exaggerated Hollywood studio style ... Films like this are both above and below middle-brow taste. If you only see the surface, it's trashy soap opera. If you can see the style, the absurdity, the exaggeration and the satirical humor, it's subversive of all the 1950s dramas that handled such material solemnly. William Inge and Tennessee Williams were taken with great seriousness during the decade, but Sirk kids their Freudian hysteria."


Qadar Yar

Qadar Yar (1802–1892), was a Muslim Jatt of the Sandhu caste. He was born in the village Machhike, in Gujranwala District in Punjab (in modern-day Pakistan) during the rule of the Sikh Empire. He was the court poet of the Lahore Sikh "Darbar", during the reign of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. He is considered an important poet of Punjabi language and his famous epic "Puran Bhagat" is ranked amongst the great Punjabi classics.

My Love Is Your Love (song)

The song "My Love Is Your Love" was the fourth single taken off the album of the same name. Sung by deceased singer Whitney Houston and co-written by Jerry Duplessis and Wyclef Jean it was released in the summer of 1999. It reached the top-five on the Billboard Hot 100. It appeared on the Totally Hits 2 compilation album.

My Love Is Your Love

My Love Is Your Love is the fourth studio album by American singer Whitney Houston. It was released in late 1998. The album had five singles. One of these was a duet with Mariah Carey named "When You Believe". Other singles were "Heartbreak Hotel" with Faith Evans and Kelly Price, "It's Not Right, But It's Okay", "My Love Is Your Love", and "I Learned From The Best".

The album was certified platinum by the RIAA. It was nominated for seven Grammy Awards. Houston won one of them. It was her last Grammy Award. "When You Believe" won an Academy Award. 

Moving the goalposts

Moving the goalposts or shifting the goalposts is an idiom which means changing the terms of a debate or a conflict after it has started.

The phrase describes changing the target or goal of a process. In a dispute or a competition, the idiom explains what one side does in order to gain advantage.

This phrase comes from sports that use s, such as football.

In 1978, the "Washington Post" published the phrase, quoting the CEO of American Airlines who said, "'They keep moving the goal posts." In Britain, the earliest known published use was in 1987.

The idiom identifies a kind of logical fallacy. In an argument, when evidence is presented in response to a specific claim, it is "moving the goalposts" when some other evidence is demanded instead. 

In other words, after an attempt has been made to score a goal, the goalposts are moved to exclude the attempt. The problem with changing the rules of the game is that the meaning of the result is changed too. It counts for less.

The tactics of bullying behaviour include moving the goalposts. This means setting objectives which subtly change in ways that cannot be reached. In workplace bullying, shifting the goalposts is a conventional tactic.

 

Big West Conference

The Big West Conference is a NCAA conference that plays in the NCAA Division I. The conference is based in Irvine, California, and eight of its nine current members are from California. The other member is from Hawaii.

This is a list of colleges and universities who play sports in the Big West. Since the University of the Pacific left in 2013, all of the members are now public schools. Four are from the University of California system, five are from the California State University system, and the other is the main campus of the University of Hawaii system.


The conference once sponsored football, but dropped the sport in 2000. Three of its members play football in other conferences:

RepRap Project

The RepRap project is a project to develop a 3D printer ("RepRap", short for "replicating rapid prototyper") that can print most of its own parts. All of the designs produced by the project are released under a free software license.

The RepRap project has made four machines so far: "Darwin", released in March 2007, "Mendel", released in October 2009, "Prusa Mendel" and "Huxley" released in 2010. Developers have named each after famous biologists. 

Swizz Beatz

Kasseem Dean (born September 13, 1978 in The Bronx, New York), known by his stage name, Swizz Beatz, is an American record producer, DJ, rapper and painter.

He began to produce music tracks at the age of 16 and sold his first beat when he was 17. His beat would later become DMX's hit single Ruff Ryders' Anthem. He founded his own record label, Full Surface Records in a joint venture with Clive Davis of J Records at the age of 23. He is currently married to singer Alicia Keys and they have six children.

Swizz Beatz has released 2 studio albums and a compilation album:

List of the 53 Stations of the Tōkaidō

The covers the rest areas along the Tōkaidō, which was a coastal route that ran from Edo (modern-day Tokyo) to Kyoto.

There were originally 53 government waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō. At each, all travelers were expected to present traveling permits. These were also places for resting and eating before continuing to travel.

The Tōkaidō road passed through ten provinces:

The end of the road was in Yamashiro Province at Sanjō Ōhashi Bridge in Kyoto.


The Birds (movie)

The Birds is a 1963 American horror movie. It was directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It is set in San Francisco, California. The movie stars Rod Taylor and Tippi Hedren. It was Tippi Hedren's first movie. It also stars Jessica Tandy, Suzanne Pleshette and Veronica Cartwright. The movie is part of the National Film Registry, because it is culturally significant. 

The story is about bird attacks. Melanie Daniels is a city woman. She meets Mitch Brenner at a pet store. She pretends to work at the store. She drives to Bodega Bay to give love birds to his daughter. She first goes to the center of town. She meets the school teacher Annie Hayworth. She takes a boat to cross the lake. She drops off the birds and goes back in the boat. Mitch follows by car. A seagull attacks Melanie on the boat. Mitch helps her out of the boat. Mitch bandages her cut in the restaurant. 

Later Mitch invites Melanie to the birthday party of Cathy. There, birds attack the children. Lydia's chickens have not been eating. So she goes to the neighbor. She finds his dead body. His eyes have been removed. Dead birds are in the room. At the schoolhouse, Melanie is waiting and birds come to the playground. Annie and the children leave the school building quietly, but the crows attack. Gulls attack the gas station in the town. Gasoline causes an explosion. The people panic and leave the restaurant. Melanie gets trapped in a telephone booth. Back at the restaurant, a woman accuses Melanie that it is all her fault. 

Mitch and Melanie get Cathy from Annie's place. Annie is found dead. Melanie and the Brenners go to their house. Birds come in through the fireplace. They secure the windows and fireplace with wood and nails. The birds attack again. They eat at the wood of windows and doors. They break in through the roof. Melanie goes up to see and is attacked. Mitch comes up and brings Melanie downstairs. He listens to the radio in the car. The radio says that there were other attacks. The attacks were around Bodega Bay. Eventually the Brenners and Melanie leave. They drive with the car and take the lovebirds. 


Evan Hunter did the screenplay for the movie. It is based on Daphne du Maurier's novella "The Birds". Hitchcock wanted the movie to start funny and end with horror. The audience would know bird attacks would come but not when. These things would create suspense. Hitchcock really liked suspense. The movie was to be shocking. Hunter and Hitchcock developed the story. Hitchcock wanted the ending to be puzzling and not clear. So he cut part of the original ending out. 

Most of the birds were real. Some were mechanical like a machine. The real birds were caught and trained. 

There is much silence in the movie. This creates suspense. It is a contrast to the noise of the birds. There is no traditional score. The music tells the audience what emotions to have. Sound effects were created with the electroacoustic Mixtur-Trautonium. This was a form of synthesizer. 

The movie had many technical difficulties. It was challenging to make. There were many special effects for the birds. The sodium vapor process ("yellow screen") was used for the attack scenes of the birds. The process shoots two images at the same time and overlaps them. SVP was better for the fast-moving wings of the birds. Blue backing and sodium matter and optical printers were also used. The movie was nominated for an Academy Award for best special effects.

One theme in the movie is love vs. violence. The two lovebirds are in contrast to the violent crows and gulls, who attack people. There is also the theme of civilians being trapped. This is seen in the telephone booth. Melanie is trapped in a very small space and the birds attack. Any time someone goes out, they are in danger. At the Brenner's house, they must seal windows and doors. Outside, the birds surround them in every direction. In the beginning, only birds are in cages. Eventually humans are trapped like in a cage. There is conflict between nature and man. Humans can be very vulnerable to nature. The attack of the birds can also be a form of punishment. 

The movie is slow-paced and builds up to the attack scenes. This means that not much happens until the birds attack. When the birds attack, a lot happens and everything gets chaotic. There are many short shots put together in a short time. This is called montage editing. Eyeline matches and point-of-view are used. This is when the audience sees the same things the actors see. It is as if one is in the head of the actor. One can see their emotions and how they see things. The camera switches from facing the actor to the object of their sight and back again. There are also shots from the view of birds. An example is the birds-eye view. This happens when the birds attack the center of town and the gas station. We see the entire town from above.

The Birds film was partly inspired by the true events of a mass bird attack on the seaside town of Capitola in California on August 18, 1961. 

"Capitola residents awoke to a scene that seemed straight out of a horror movie. Hordes of seabirds were dive-bombing their homes, crashing into cars and spewing half-digested anchovies onto lawns." 

Alfred Hitchcock heard of this event and used it as research material for this film which was then in progress. The real cause of the birds' behaviour was toxic algae, but that was not known back in the 1960s.

The movie had mixed reviews at first. It received better reviews later. It is important in the horror genre. On Rotten Tomatoes it has positive reviews with a 95% rating. 

There was a controversy about Hitchcock and Hedren. Hitchcock seemed to be obsessed with her. She accused him of sexual assault. She was also injured on the movie set.

Take Care

Take Care is the second studio album by Canadian rapper, Drake. "Take Care" was released on November 15, 2011. The album debuted at #1 on the US Billboard 200 chart and sold 631,000 copies in the United States in its first week. It received mostly positive reviews from music critics.

Magnificent Obsession (1954 movie)

Magnificent Obsession is a 1954 romantic drama movie. It stars Jane Wyman and Rock Hudson. Douglas Sirk directed. The movie is based on the book "Magnificent Obsession" by Lloyd C. Douglas. The movie was produced by Ross Hunter and released by Universal Pictures. Critic Howard Thompson wrote, "[The movie] is unquestionably a handsome one. Better still, generally restrained performances at least dignify a moist text, which may seem inspiration to some, pure corn to others."

Spoiled playboy Robert Merrick loses control of his speed boat. Rescuers send for a resuscitator in Dr. Phillips's house on the other side of the lake. While the resuscitator is being used to save Merrick's life, Dr. Phillips has a heart attack and dies. Merrick ends up at Dr. Phillips's clinic. The doctors and nurses blame him for Dr. Phillips's death. He tries to run away but collapses in front of Helen Phillip's car. Helen is Dr. Phillips's widow. She does not know Merrick. Merrick ends up back at the clinic. After his discharge, he resumes his playboy life. He makes advances to Helen. She runs away, and steps into the path of an oncoming car. She is blinded by the accident. Merrick commits to becoming a doctor. He has fallen in love with Helen. He helps her adjust to her blindness by posing as a poor medical student, "Robby".

Merrick secretly arranges for Helen to travel to Europe to consult the best eye surgeons in the world. They tell Helen there is no hope for recovery. Right after this, "Robby" shows up at her hotel to provide emotional support. He confesses to being Merrick. Helen has already guessed this. Merrick asks Helen to marry him. Helen realizes she will be a burden to him. She runs away. Many years pass. Merrick is now a dedicated brain surgeon. He searches for Helen. He learns she is possibly dying in a small hospital. He goes to the hospital and discovers Helen needs complex brain surgery to save her life. Merrick operates. Helen awakens in the morning and discovers she can see.

Key &amp; Peele

Key & Peele is a comedy television show. It was created by Keegan Michael Key and Jordan Peele in 2012 and airs on Comedy Central. Keegan Michael Key and Jordan Peele are in the series as the characters. There are many characters such as the Substitute Teacher and Luther (Barack Obama's angry translator).

Ibaraki, Osaka

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

The city was founded on January 1, 1948.



Magnificent Obsession (novel)

Magnificent Obsession (1929) is a novel by Lloyd C. Douglas. The story follows a man named Robert Merrick. He is resuscitated by a rescue crew after a boating accident. The crew is unable to save the life of Dr. Hudson, a heart attack victim on the other side of the lake. Merrick then decides to devote his life to making up for the doctor's. He becomes a physician himself. Dr. Hudson's widow suffers serious injury in an accident. Merrick is instrumental in her recovery. 

Two movies were based on the book: "Magnificent Obsession" (1935), and "Magnificent Obsession" (1954). The 1954 movie was directed by Douglas Sirk. A television series called "Dr. Hudson's Secret Journal" was based on the novel. It aired 78 episodes in syndication from 1955 to 1957.


Janet Leigh

Jeanette Helen Morrison (July 6, 1927 – October 3, 2004), known professionally as Janet Leigh, was an American actress, singer, dancer, and author. She is best known for her role in "Psycho", for which she won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.

Leigh was born in Merced, California, and grew up in Merced. She was the only child of Helen Lita (née Westergaard) and Frederick Robert Morrison. Her birth name was Jeanette Helen Morrison. Her maternal grandparents were immigrants from Denmark. In winter 1945, she was discovered by actress Norma Shearer, whose late husband Irving Thalberg had been a senior executive at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Leigh married actor Tony Curtis in 1951. They had two daughters, actresses Kelly Curtis (born 1956) and Jamie Lee Curtis (born 1958). The couple divorced in 1962.

Leigh died on October 3, 2004 of vasculitis in Beverly Hills, California, aged 77.

Hiratsuka, Kanagawa

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

In the Edo period, "Hiratsuka-juku" was 7th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

Hiratsuka is located on the western Kantō region midway between Tokyo and Mount Fuji. The city is on the coastline in the Sagami Bay.



Austronesian peoples

Austronesian peoples is a term referring to people that live in Southeast Asia, Oceania and Madagascar, who are speakers of the Austronesian languages. They are thought to have originally come from the indigenous peoples of Taiwan.

Peter Boyle

Peter Lawrence Boyle, Jr. (October 18, 1935 – December 12, 2006) was an American actor. He is best known for his acting on "Everybody Loves Raymond". 



Ōiso

In the Edo period, "Ōiso-juku" was 8th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

Ōiso is on the coastline of Sagami Bay.



Odawara, Kanagawa

It has been recognized as a special city since 2000.

In the Edo period, "Odawara-juku" was 9th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

During the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923, most Odawara buildings collapsed immediately, and fires burned anything left standing.

The borders of Odawara are the Hakone Mountains to the north and west, the Sakawa River to the east, and Sagami Bay to the south.



Hakone, Kanagawa

In the Edo period, "Hakone-juku" was 10th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.



Shailene Woodley

Shailene Woodley (born November 15, 1991) is an American actress. She has starred in television sitcoms. She and George Clooney starred in "The Descendants". She starred in the "Divergent" movie trilogy adaptations based on Veronica Roth's novels. Woodley was raised in Simi Valley, California.

BFG 9000

The BFG 9000 is a fictional futuristic weapon. It is found in the Doom video game series. The BFG 9000 is a very large, solid metal gun. It shoot balls of green plasma. It is the most powerful weapon in the games. The BFG 9000 can destroy almost any player or enemy in one hit. "Quake II" and "Quake III Arena" pay homage to the BFG 9000 with weapons called the BFG10K. The "Quake III Arena" version works differently than the BFG 9000. It shoots many small plasma beams very quickly instead of one large ball. This means the BFG 9000 causes much more damage in a single hit than the "Arena" BFG10K.

The abbreviation "BFG" stands for "Big Fucking Gun". This is the name is was given in Tom Hall's first "Doom" design document. In the "Doom II" user manual, BFG is said to stand for "Big Fuckin Gun". In the "Doom" movie, it is named the "Bio Force Gun" but "Big Fucking Gun" is said when the gun is first seen).
The "Quake II" manual says BFG stands for "Big, uh, freakin’ gun".

UGO.com list the BFG 9000 at number two on their Top 50 Video Game Weapons of All Time. They say the weapon is "marvelous and complex, and we should not hesitate to put this weapon down in history as one of the best." X-Play listed it as number one on their Top 10 Badass Weapons list. They said that the BFG 9000 was "not as fancy as the gravity gun" but it was the first weapon that "really made us swoon". IGN editor Tom McNamara listed the BFG as one of the ten best weapons in video games. He placed it at number ten on his list. Machinima.com listed it as number one on their list of Top Ten Video Game Weapons. They said "Do you really need a reason why this tops the list?"


Sleeping Beauty

"Sleeping Beauty" () is a fairy tale. There are several versions of it, including "The Sleeping Beauty in the Wood" by Charles Perrault and "Briar Rose" or "Little Briar Rose" () by the Brothers Grimm. The story is about a princess who falls into a deep sleep for one hundred years, and is awoken by a heroic prince.

Perrault's version first appeared in 1695 in a hand-written and illustrated manuscript called "Tales of Mother Goose" () along with "Little Red Riding Hood", "Bluebeard", "Puss in Boots", and "Diamonds and Toads". It was next published in the newspaper "Mercure galant" in 1696. It was revised, and published in Paris in 1697 by Claude Barbin in "Histoires ou contes du temps passé" (), a collection of eight fairy tales by Perrault. It has been adapted to various media including a pantomime by James Robinson Planché, a ballet, and a Disney animated movie.

The Grimms published their version in "Children's and Household Tales" () in 1812.

Tales similar to Perrault's include "Troylus and Zelladine" from the 14th-century French work "Perceforest", the Catalan collection "Frayre de Joy e Sor de Placer", the story of Brynhild from the "Saga of the Volsungs", and "Sun, Moon, and Talia" from Giambattista Basile's "Pentamerone" (1636). Tchaikovsky's Ballet "Sleeping Beauty" is roughly based on Perrault's version; and Disney published 1959 their animatic Sleeping Beauty Version - a Mixture out of the former versions and mostly Tchaikovsky's Ballet.

There are slight differences between the Grimms's version of the sleeping princess tale and that of Perrault. The Grimms's Briar Rose is released from her sleep by a kiss from the prince while Perrault's princess wakes when the prince simply kneels beside her.

Maria Tatar writes, "The Grimms' "Sleeping Beauty" has a narrative integrity that has made it more appealing than [Basile and Perrault], at least in the United States." She explains that the version of the Grimms discards the post-marital conflicts of Basile and Perrault that were probably separate narratives at one time. Tatar believes Briar Rose is the stereotypical passive fairy tale heroine who simply waits for a man to come along to free her from a near catatonic state.

A king and queen long for a child. A frog in the queen's bath foretells the future birth of a baby. The queen gives birth to a daughter. The king and queen host a celebration (a christening in the Perrault version). In the Perrault version, they invite seven good fairies; in the Grimms' version, they invite twelve "wise women". Another, evil woman (or fairy) appears who puts a curse on the infant princess. She says that the princess will one day prick her finger on a spindle and die. One of the good women softens the curse. Instead of dying, the princess will sleep for one hundred years.

The king orders all spindles to be burnt to protect his daughter. When she is about fifteen or sixteen, however, the princess finds an old woman spinning in a tower room. The princess handles the spindle and pricks her finger. She falls into a deep sleep. The good fairy puts everyone in the castle to sleep. A thorny forest or a hedge of roses springs up and surrounds the castle to protect the sleeping princess.

One hundred years pass. A prince has heard fabulous tales of the place and wants to find the princess. He arrives at the castle and finds the sleeping princess in the tower room. In the Grimms' version, he wakes her with a kiss; Perrault's princess wakes when the prince simply kneels beside her. The prince and the princess get married.

The Perrault version continues further. The prince and princess have two children. The prince goes off to war. His wife and children stay with his mother. She is an ogress. She wants to eat her guests. A servant saves them. The ogress is furious. She decides to put the princess and her children into a cauldron filled with toads and snakes. The prince arrives. His wife and children are saved. The ogress jumps head first into the cauldron and dies.



Grimms' Fairy Tales

Children's and Household Tales (), commonly known as Grimms' Fairy Tales (), is a collection of German fairy tales published by Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm, the Brothers Grimm.

On December 20, 1812, the Grimms published the first volume of the first edition. It contained 86 stories. The second volume of 70 stories was published in 1814. For the second edition, two volumes were issued in 1819 and a third in 1822, totalling 170 tales. The third edition appeared in 1837; fourth edition, 1840; fifth edition, 1843; sixth edition, 1850; seventh edition, 1857. Stories were added, and also deleted, from one edition to the next, until the seventh held 211 tales. All editions were extensively illustrated, first by Philipp Grot Johann and, after his death in 1892, by Robert Leinweber.

The first volumes were much criticized because they were considered unsuitable for children, both for the scholarly information included and the subject matter. Many changes through the editions – such as turning the wicked mother of the first edition in "Snow White" and "Hansel and Gretel" to a stepmother, were probably made with an eye to such criticism. They removed sexual references—such as Rapunzel's innocently asking why her dress was getting tight around her belly, and thus naïvely revealing her pregnancy and the prince's visits to her stepmother—but, in many respects, violence, particularly when punishing villains, was increased. In 1825, the Grimms published their "Kleine Ausgabe" or "small edition," a selection of 50 tales designed for child readers. This children's version went through ten editions between 1825 and 1858.

The work of the Brothers Grimm influenced other collectors, both inspiring them to collect tales and leading them to similarly believe, in a spirit of romantic nationalism, that the fairy tales of a country were particularly representative of it, to the neglect of cross-cultural influence. Among those influenced were the Russian Alexander Afanasyev, the Norwegians Peter Christen Asbjørnsen and Jørgen Moe, the English Joseph Jacobs, and Jeremiah Curtin, an American who collected Irish tales.

Rosie Perez

Rosa Maria "Rosie" Perez (b. September 6, 1964) is a Hispanic American movie and television actress. She was born in New York City. Her career in acting was begun around 1988.

Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales

Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales is an American animated short television series by Pixar, featuring the characters Mater and Lightning McQueen from the movie "Cars". The series' first broadcast was on October 27, 2008, on Toon Disney, Disney Channel and ABC Family. The show was then moved to Disney Junior in 14 February 2011.


A video game based on the show was released on 19 October 2010 for the Wii.


Marius Petipa

Marius Petipa (1818-1910) was a French dancer and the principal Ballet Master for the Imperial Ballet in St. Petersburg from 1869 until 1903. His works include "La Bayadere" (1877), a revised "Giselle" (1884), "The Sleeping Beauty" (1890), a revised "Swan Lake" (1895), and "Raymonda" (1898). Dance historian Lynn Garafola believes Petipa "had an incalculable effect on Russian ballet." She points out that he supervised the transition from Romanticism to Classicism in Russian ballet, and fused the Italian bravura and French lyrical techniques. Garafola writes, "[Petipa] helped transform an art dominated by foreigners and identified with the West into a Russian national expression."

Kawasaki, Kanagawa

In the Edo period, "Kawasaki-juku" was 2nd of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

Kawasaki occupies a belt of land stretching about 30 km along the south bank of the Tama River. The river forms its boundary with Tokyo.

In Kawasaki, there are seven wards:



Outasight

Richard Andrew, better known by his stage name Outasight, is an American singer and rapper. He is from Yonkers, New York. He is currently signed to Warner Bros. Records. Though he is considered a hip hop artist, he also draws influences from other genres such as classic rock and soul. He is perhaps best known for the song "Tonight Is the Night" released in 2011.





Catch Me If You Can (disambiguation)

Catch Me If You Can may refer to:

The Fifty-three Stations of the Tōkaidō

This was a popular subject. Hiroshige created many versions of this subject.

In 1832, Hiroshige traveled the length of the Tōkaidō from Edo to Kyoto. He was part of an official delegation from the court of the Tokugawa Shogunate to the court of the Emperor of Japan. 

In addition to the 53 stations, Hiroshige's series of images includes one print showing the departure from Edo. The series also includes a print showing the journey's end in the Imperial capital city. 



East Malaysia

East Malaysia or Malaysian Borneo, is a term used to refer to the Malaysian section of Borneo. One of Southeast Asia's major islands. Major provinces in the region are the Malaysian provinces of Sabah and Sarawak. It is located north of Indonesian Borneo or "Kalimantan", and southwest of the Philippines. Also, the tiny country of Brunei is nearly landlocked by Malaysia.

Kuwana, Mie

In the Edo period, "Kuwana-juku" was 42nd of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.



Amount of substance

Amount of substance (also called chemical amount) is a quantity defined by standards to measure the size a group of individual elementary entities, such as atoms, molecules and electrons, along with other particles. The International System of Units (SI) defines the amount of substance to be equal to the number of elementary entities present. The SI unit for amount of substance is the mole (mol). The mole is defined as the amount of substance that contains the same number of elementary entities as there are atoms in of the isotope carbon-12. This number is called Avogadro's number and has the value . It is the numerical value of the Avogadro constant which has the unit (or mol), and relates the molar mass of an amount of substance to its mass.

Patiala state

Patiala was a Sikh princely state that lasted from 1714 to 1948. Its rulers were descended from Chaudhary Phul (1627-1689), a Sidhu Jat from Mehraj village in the Bathinda District of Punjab. The other Sikh states, such as Jind and Nabha, were also the descendants of Phul. Its capital was in the Malva region of Punjab, but its territory expanded from Bathinda to present-day Mohali. They were known as the Phulkian (Patiala) Dynasty.

The House of Phul, was a Jatt of Sidhu Clan, belonging to the Malva Region of Punjab. Their ancestors had converted to Sikhism in the early 1600s. They claim to be the descendants from the sidhu jats, who ruled in the 11th century. The migrated to the Malva region of Punjab, establishing themselves at present day Bathinda District of Punjab. 

The Sidhu Jatts and the Bhullar Jatts of the Bathinda district, never got along with each other, They were at war. But later Nanu Bhullar, got his daughter married in the house of these Sidhu Jatts, the ancestors of the Patiala State. 

They were known as the Phulkian (Patiala) Dynasty. Ahmed Shah Abdali, Afghan Ruler and Maharaja Ala Singh became friends, the Sikh Chieftains of Punjab did not Like this so the Dal Khalsa met at Akal Takhat in Amritsar in 1765, in which it was decided that Patiala should be kicked out of the Dal Khalsa. And it will not be part of the 12 Sikh Confederacies, it was also the year when Ala Singh died and his son Amar Singh had become the next ruler. Ahmed Shah Abdali, bestowed upon Maharajah Amar Singh, the title of Raja-i-Rajgan, and he also was allowed to strike his own coins. But the Sikh Nation was not to happy about this, and in years to come they the Phulkians would be traitors to the Khalsa Panth, and helping the British to attack the Sikh interior of Punjab. 

Even when Sardar Hari Singh Dhillon (r.1746-1764), the Sikh Bhangi Misl Maharaja of Amritsar, Tarn Taran Sahib and Lahore, found out about Ahmed Shah Abdali being in the Patiala Kingdom, he marched with a big army of dashing looking Sikh soldiers from the Majha, where the holy city of Amritsar is located, on Patiala Kingdom to chase the Ahmed Shah away, but on the way he was killed, by someone. Years later his younger son Sardar Ganda Singh Dhillon (d. 1776), the Maharajah of Lahore and Amritsar, married of his daughter Bibi Rattan Kaur, to Maharajah Sahib Singh of Patiala in 1787, the marriage took place at Amritsar. Five years later he remarried Bibi As kaur, the daughter of Sardar Gurdas Singh Chatha. It is As kaur, who's Sons and Grandsons ruled on. 

From 1809-1947, the Phulkian State, had good relations with the British Government, the Patiala State, royal family, were not Orthodox Sikhs, but very secular/mixed rulers. Very mixed with the East India Company. A time when the Sikh Kingdoms did not like British, visiting their Land, Patiala, was the first to call the British, In his territory. The later royal family became Congress, an Indian party, after the break up of Dynasty. 

Patiala State, was different from other Sikh States, as it did not support Sikh religion, and not following the Sikh rules. But still the State religion was Sikhism. The Later Patiala Maharajahs (Karam Singh) introduced Hindu Paintings of Hindu Gods within their Qila Mubarak palace in Patiala, it can still be seen, on the Palace Walls. Showing great respect to all religions. Rajput Hindu Paintings were very famous in Patiala from 1800s, The Maharajahs got them selves painted in Rajput Styles. And even had relations with the Royal Hindu States of Rajasthan.

They also had relationship with the Hindu Jat Rulers of Royal Bharatpur State in Rajasthan of Sinsinwar Clan. As Maharajah Narinder Singh, in 1859, married of his third daughter Maharani Bishan Kaur, to Rajah Jaswant Singh, (1851-1893), Jat ruler of Bharatpur State. Intermarriage between the Phulkian Jatts, and Rajasthani Royal Hindu Jatts, was very common, During the 19th Century.


Maharajah Yadavindra Singh, signed his union with India in 1948, transferring his Kingdom, to the Government of India, Patiala State was united with the Punjab State of India, in 1948. The Maharajah also told other Royal Princely States to Unite with India.


Artillery of Japan

Artillery in Japan is recorded in the 13th century. It was not used widely before the Sengoku period in the 16th century.
In the 1840s, the Tokugawa Shogunate began to anticipate that either British or French military might attack Japan. Takashima Shuhan (1798-1866) submitted a petition to the shogun calling for the purchase of Western firearms. In 1841, a demonstration of Western gunnery made a strong impression. Powerful factions in the shogunate resisted change.
During the 1864 Bombardment of Shimonoseki, European naval guns were shown to be superior to Japanese cannon on shore.

Following the Meiji Restoration, Japan would pursue a policy of "Rich country, strong army" (富国強兵), which led to a general rearmament.

The Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) used artillery during the First Sino-Japanese War (1894–1895).

Naval guns and field artillery were important in the Russo-Japanese War of 1905.

Before and during World War II, the Japanese Army deployed a variety of artillery pieces.

The Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) developed large naval artillery pieces.

The self-propelled artillery of the current Japanese military include



Type 99 155 mm self-propelled howitzer

Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. was the primary contractor, developing the main gun and the turret. The vehicle is powered by a diesel engine.

Type 99s are supplementary to the Type 75 155 mm self-propelled howitzer.

In a period of planned force reduction, the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF) planning calls for additional Type 99s.


Starstreak

Starstreak is a British short range surface-to-air missile (also known as MANPADS). It is made by Thales Air Defence (first called Shorts Missile Systems), in Belfast. It is also known as Starstreak High Velocity Missile, or Starstreak HVM. After it is launched, the missile travels at about Mach 3 (3 times the speed of sound). Starstreak has been in service with the British Army since 1997.

Starstreak can be fired from a soldier's shoulder or from the Stormer armoured vehicle.

Starstreak can travel 1,500 metres minimum and 5,5000 metres maximum.

Starstreak began being developed in the early 1980s. This was after a study into a weapon that could add to the Rapier missile system. A General Staff Requirement (GSR 3979) was made. This GSR showed what the missile system needed to have. One of the things it needed to have was three ways to launch the missile. These were:


In 1984, the British Ministry of Defence gave contracts to British Aerospace (BAe) and Shorts Missile Systems to develop the missile. The BAe missile was called the Thunderbolt. Shorts won the competition. They were awarded £356 million. The weapon was developed more in November 1986. More contracts were also given out to make the missile. Starstreak was put into service officially in September 1997. Starstreak is supposed to replace the Javelin surface-to-air missile in British service.

The light weight launcher and the launcher which can be moved around by people have been in use since 2000.

In the middle of 2007, Thales UK in Northern Ireland said that it had developed Starstreak II. Starstreak II is an improved version of Starstreak. Some of these improvements were: a bigger range (7 km), a better system to find targets and the ability to find aircraft that are higher up in the air.

In 2011, when Thales won a contract for the Lightweight Multirole Missile, Thales said it agreed with the MOD to "re-role previously contracted budgets to facilitate the full-scale development, series production and introduction of the LMM." This means that Thales were going to focus all their money on the Lightweight Multirole Missile. The contract affected by this is said to have been Starstreak.

A soldier carries the Starstreak missile in a tube. This tube is sealed closed. The tube is attached to the main part of Starstreak to be fired. The gunner follows the target using Starstreak's special aiming system. When the gunner has locked on to the target, they press a button and the missile launches.

The missile then fires its first motor. This launches the missile from the tube. However, it stops burning before the missile leaves the tube. This is to protect the gunner. When the missile is away from the gunner, another motor fires. It makes the missile go to Mach 3.5. It stops burning when it is about four hundred meters away from the gunner. The back of the missile has the systems that guide the missile by laser beams from the launcher. The Starstreak launches many small darts at its target. Each dart has around of explosive in it.

When the darts hit the target, a fuze is triggered. This fuze delays the explosion. This gives time for the darts to get inside the target before the explosives go off. The explosive is inside a shell of tungsten. This tungsten is designed to split up and make as much damage as possible inside the target.

In September 1999, the missile was shown attacking an armoured personnel carrier. This showed that Starstreak could also be useful in attacking targets on the ground as well as in the air. 

In 2012, the Ministry of Defence said that it was going to put a group of Starstreaks on top of an apartment complex in London. This was because of the 2012 London Olympics. The Ministry said that the area was the only place to put an anti-aircraft battery. Some people living there were not happy. They wondered why the battery was needed.






Type 75 155 mm self-propelled howitzer

The Type 75s were accepted for service in October 1975.

Type 99 155 mm self-propelled howitzer is supplementary to the Type 75s.



AS-90

The AS-90 (Artillery System for the 1990s) is a lightly armoured self-propelled artillery gun. It is used by the British Army. It was first used in 1993. The AS-90's official name is Gun Equipment 155 mm L131.

The AS-90 is used by five regiments of the Royal Horse Artillery and Royal Artillery. 

AS-90 was designed and built by Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering (VSEL, owned by BAE Systems since 1999). They made 179 AS-90s from 1992 to 1995. This cost £300 million. 

In 2002 BAE Systems were asked to give 96 British Army AS-90s a 52 calibre gun. This would make the range 30 km. With special shells, it would be able to reach 60 to 80 km. However, this project ended up being ended.

AS-90 started in the mid-1980s. It was made on a "gamble" that the SP70 would fail. When this happened, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) asked for a new vehiicle. Four designs were handed in, and AS-90 was the only one that the MoD liked. 

The MoD has tried to get the Royal Navy's main ship gun to be able to use the barrel and breech from the AS-90. This would make the gun calibre of the British Army and Royal Navy the same. This would help with ammunition logistics. This would also make it possible for the Army and Navy to help each other develop weapons.

The AS-90 has a special power unit. This is used so that the engine does not have to keep running. This is done to keep the batteries charged while the AS-90 is not moving.

The gun can be started up when it is fully closed down in less than one minute.

The AS-90 has a special computer called the Turret Control Computer (TCC). The TCC controls all main functions of the turret.


AS-90D - Changed for use in the desert. This model has more cooling for the engine and other machines.

AS-90 "Braveheart" - The AS-90 with the 52 calibre length gun. This project was cancelled.

Haubicoarmata "Krab" - (eng. "Howitzer-cannon Crab") A "Braveheart" turret on a Polish chassis. Designed in Poland by Huta Stalowa Wola and WB Electronics. , two Krab ("Crab") prototypes have been built.


Train (band)

Train is an American pop rock band. The band consists of Patrick Monahan, Scott Underwood and Jimmy Stafford. The band has released 5 albums and is set to release their 7th album, "California 37" sometime in 2012. Train won 2 Grammy Awards in 2002 for their song "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)" and a Grammy in 2011 for "Hey, Soul Sister" (Live).

Train has released 11 studio albums:

Tonight Is the Night (song)

"Tonight Is the Night" is the debut single by the rapper and singer Outasight. It was released by Warner Bros. in 2011. The song was played on the FOX network program "The X Factor." It was played during the week 2 "results" episode on November 3, 2011. A music video of the song was released. It was directed by Dori Oskowitz.

The song has been used in Pepsi's "Who's Next" ad campaign. The ad shows an young singer drinking from a Pepsi can while getting ready for his performance. While "Tonight Is the Night" is being played, very well known singers appear. 

These include Michael Jackson, Alfonso Ribeiro, Ray Charles, Britney Spears, Kanye West, and Mariah Carey. The last shot of the ad goes back to the young singer while the slogan "who's next?" is put on the screen. The ad ends with the catch phrase: "Where there's Pepsi, there's music".

Larry the Cable Guy

Daniel Lawrence "Larry" Whitney (born February 17, 1963) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, musician. He is best known by his stage name and character Larry the Cable Guy.

He is one of the members of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour. This is a group of comedians. The other members of the Tour are Bill Engvall, Ron White, and Jeff Foxworthy.

Whitney has made seven comedy albums. Three of these have been listed as gold albums by the RIAA. He has been in three Blue Collar Comedy Tour movies. Whitney has also been in the movies "", "Delta Farce", and "Witless Protection". He is well known as the voice of Mater in the "Cars" movies. Whitney's catchphrase "Git-R-Done!" is also the name of his book.

On January 26, 2010, the television channel History said that it wanted to make a series with Whitney. It is called "Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy". In this series, Whitney would explore the United States. He would learn about different ways people lived. He would also learn about their jobs and hobbies. The first episode of the series aired on February 8, 2011.

A CMT bio says that Whitney grew up on a pig farm in Pawnee City, Nebraska. He went to college at the Baptist University of America. He says his roommates from Texas and Georgia helped him create his imitation Southern accent. He left college after his third year to be a comedian.

Whitney started his career in radio. He was a disc jockey in Blue Springs, Missouri. He became known in the early 1990s when he made regular radio appearances by telephone on many radio programs. These included programs in Omaha, Nebraska, Baltimore, Maryland, Kansas City, Missouri, Orlando, Florida, Portsmouth, New Hampshire and Manchester, New Hampshire

He became famous for creating the "Larry" character. It is a personality that he now uses for his entire stage act. The Larry character has a stereotypical redneck appearance and a thick Southern accent. He tells stories about his fictional "family". He is well known for his catchphrase "Git-R-Done!" A large part of Whitney's act is his accent. He says in interviews and in his autobiographical book "GIT-R-DONE" that he uses the accent both on and off stage. He does this because he may forget it if he kept his normal accent. He uses catchphrase humor, including "Git-R-Done," "Lord, I apologize, and me with the starvin' Pygmies down there in New Guinea. Amen." and "I don't care who ya are, that's funny right there" after certain jokes.

His first two comedy albums, "Lord, I Apologize" (2001), and "The Right To Bare Arms" (2005), have both been certified gold by the RIAA. A third album, "Morning Constitutions" was released in 2007.

In 2006, Comedy Central asked Whitney to be the voice of character for an animated series they wanted to create. The series would use his character as one of two owners of a small cable channel. A half-hour pilot was made but not broadcast.

Whitney was roasted in a Comedy Central special on March 15, 2009. During the roast he can be heard talking to people using his normal voice. On Tuesday, February 8, 2011 his series, "Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy", began being broadcast on the History Channel. You Know you're a redneck when you're drinkin sasparilla out of ya cowboy hat!!!! YEEHAWW!!!!

Whitney lives in Lincoln, Nebraska. He married his wife Cara in 2005. They have two children together. They have a son, Wyatt (born August 2006), and a daughter, Reagan (born October 2007). In 2010, Whitney and his wife said that their son Wyatt has hip dysplasia.

In the town where he grew up, Pawnee City, Nebraska, there is a street named after him. Whitney also gave money to buy new theatrical equipment for the high school.



Field gun

A field gun is an artillery piece. The term was first used to describe smaller guns that could be taken with an army while marching. In battle the field gun could be quickly moved about the battlefield as needed. Guns installed in a fort, siege cannon and mortars were too large to be moved quickly, and would be used only in a long siege.

Napoleon used field guns with very large wheels that allowed them to be moved quickly even during a battle. By moving the guns from place to place during the battle, formations of enemy soldiers could be broken up to be handled by the infantry wherever they were massing, dramatically increasing the overall effectiveness of the infantry.

As artillery developed technically, almost all guns of any size could be moved at some speed. Even the largest siege weapons could be moved by road or rail by the start of World War I. Development then turned towards smaller weapons with increased mobility. Even the World War II German super-heavy guns could be moved by rail or by caterpillar-track vehicles.

In British use, a "field gun" was anything up to 4.5 inches in calibre. Larger guns were called "medium" and the largest of all "heavy". Their largest gun (as opposed to howitzer) was the 5.5 inch (140 mm) Medium, which could fire a shell about 15,000\16,000 yards.

Since the start of World War II, the term field gun has been used for long-range artillery pieces that fire at a relatively low angle, as opposed to howitzers which can fire at higher angles. By the end of World War II most artillery in use were howitzers of 105 mm to 155 mm. The only common field guns still used were the British 5.5 inch and the US 155 mm Long Tom. The Long Tom had been developed from a French World War I weapon.

The US Army used long-range guns again in the 1960s with the M107 175 mm gun. The M107 was used in the Vietnam War and proved effective in artillery battles with the North Vietnamese forces. This gun needed a lot of repairs, and after the barrels began to crack it was removed from service. Production of the M107 continued through the 1980s, and the gun is still used by the Israeli military forces.

Today there is no longer a use for the field gun. The role for small and highly mobile artillery has been taken over by the mortar which can be carried by a soldier. These have replaced almost every artillery piece smaller than 105 mm. Gun-howitzers fill the middle ground, mostly the 155 mm NATO or 152 mm former USSR models. The need for a long-range weapon is filled by rocket artillery, or aircraft. Modern gun-artillery such as the L118 105mm light gun is used to provide fire support for infantry and armour at ranges where mortars are impractical. Soldier carried mortars lack the range or hitting power of gun-artillery. In between is the rifled towed mortar. This weapon (usually in 120mm calibre) is light enough to be towed by a Land Rover, has a range of over 6,000m and fires a bomb with the power of an artillery shell.



L118 Light Gun

The L118 Light Gun is a howitzer. It was first made for the British Army in the 1970s. It has been moved around the globe a lot since then. The United States use a changed version of the L118 called the M119A1. The proper name for it is "Gun, 105mm, Field, L118" but it is usually just called "the Light Gun".

The L118 can be towed by a medium-weight vehicle. It can also be moved around by a Chinook helicopter.

From 1961 until the 1970s, the British Army used the 105 mm Pack Howitzer L5 as its light howitzer. This howitzer was used a lot. It was first designed in Italy for the Alpini. It was light enough to be lifted by Westland Wessex helicopters or towed by Land Rovers. However, it could not fire very far (had a short range), had bad sights and was not very popular.

In 1965 the British Army asked for a new 105 mm howitzer because the pack howitzer "lacked range and lethality" (had a short range and was not very lethal). 

The new gun was soon called the 'Light Gun'. It was designed by the government Royal Armament Research and Development Establishment (RARDE). Prototypes were tested in 1968. However, it was noticed that more weight was needed for a gun to be as sturdy and strong as was needed. Several guns were redesigned because of this.

The first guns were made by Royal Ordnance Factory, ROF Nottingham. This has now been merged into BAE Systems Land and Armaments.

The L118 was first used by the British Army in 1976. The new weapon was heavier than the Pack Howitzer. However, new, better helicopters like the Puma and Westland Sea King, which could carry the L118, were also beginning to be used at the same time.

Since the end of the 1990s, the British Army has used Pinzgauer ATVs as the vehicles that move the guns around. In Arctic service (and some other places) the L118 is moved around by the Hägglunds Bv 206. It has skis put on it if it is moving on snow.

In 1982, the L118 was used a lot during the Falklands War. 30 guns were moved to the Falkland Islands. Since then, British forces have used the L118 in the Balkans, Sierra Leone, Iraq and Afghanistan.

On 30 November 2001, an L118 Light Gun became the One O'Clock Gun in Edinburgh Castle. This fires every day at one o'clock except on Sundays, Good Friday and Christmas Day.

The Light Gun took many features from the QF 25 pounder. However, the L118 is light compared to the QD 25 pounder.

The L118 has a special system called the Automatic Pointing System. This allows the gun to be unpacked and in action in 30 seconds. 

The L118 fires 105 mm Fd Mk 2 ammunition. It has two proper cartridges for combat and a blank one for ceremonies etc. 

Some ammunition types in British service are:

WP (white phosphorus) smoke shell has never been used by the UK for the L118.

New ammunition for the L118 is being developed. It will be even more damaging and have more range.

During the early 1990s, all UK L118s had a radar and its supply of power.

A program that started making improvements to UK guns in 2007 tried to make the gun lighter and some features better. To make the gun weigh less, some steel parts were replaced with titanium.

The L119 has a different barrel. It is a bit shorter. It fires different ammunition, giving the gun a range of . In British service, the L119 was only used for training. The last British L119s were retired in 2005.

The L119 was changed more and made under a license for the United States Army.


Chocolate (color)

The color chocolate is a tone of dark brown that resembles chocolate. The color "chocolate" is shown on the right of the screen. 

The first written use of "chocolate" as a color name in English was in 1737.



List of field guns

Field guns are one of two main types of field artillery. Field guns fire a heavy shell on a relatively level trajectory from a longer barrel. This gives very high muzzle velocity and good range performance. Field guns are best for giving long range fire support and counter-battery fire. This list has two categories; field guns that were moved (towed) by horses or vehicles, and guns that could move themselves (self propelled) guns.


Blush

Blush or rouge is a type of cosmetic put on the cheeks, usually in red or pink. It can be a powder or a cream. Blush is almost always used by girls and not often used by boys except for in acting.

Blush was first used by Egyptians in 3000 BC. In the 1800s, wearing cosmetics made people think a woman had bad character, so people from that time would pinch their cheeks to make them red.

Battle of Nagashino

The was an armed conflict in 1575. The battle took place near Nagashino Castle (長篠城) on the plain of Shitaragahara (設楽原) in the Mikawa province (三河) of Japan.

Forces under Takeda Katsuyori (武田勝頼) attacked the castle. The Takeda attacked the castle, because it threatened supply lines.

Okudaira Sadamasa (奥平貞昌) commanded the 500 defenders of the castle. The defenders had 200 matchlocks and at least once cannon.

Both Tokugawa Ieyasu (徳川家康) and Oda Nobunaga (織田信長) sent troops to break the siege and their combined forces defeated the Takeda attack.

Nobunaga's use of firearms to defeat Takeda's cavalry is considered as a turning point in Japanese warfare. His tactical innovation was the wooden stockades and rotating volleys of fire which led to a decisive victory at Nagashino.

The Battle of Nagashino and the last years of the Takeda clan are dramatised in Akira Kurosawa's 1980 movie "Kagemusha" (Shadow Warrior).


Drag racing

Drag racing is a competition between specially prepared automobiles or motorcycles. Racers compete, two at a time, to be the first to cross a finish line. Races are run from a standing start, in a straight line, over a measured distance, usually a ¼-mile straight track.

The race track, known as a dragstrip, usually uses an electronic timing system to decide the winner.

Before each race, each driver is allowed to perform a burnout by spinning the driving tires. Burnouts heat the driving tires and lay rubber down at the beginning of the track to improve traction. The drivers then line up at the starting line.
Races are started electronically by a system known as a Christmas tree. 

Below the staging lights are three large amber lights, a green light, and a red light. When both drivers are staged, the tree is set to start the race causing the three large amber lights to illuminate, followed by the green light. If the front tires leave the starting line before the green light illuminates, the red light for that driver's lane illuminates instead. This indicates disqualification (unless a more serious violation occurs). Once a driver commits a red-light foul (also known as "redlighting"), the other driver can also commit a foul start by leaving the line too early but still win, having left later. Should both drivers leave after the green light illuminates, the one leaving first is said to have a "holeshot advantage".

The first vehicle to cross the finish line wins the race. The elapsed time is a measure of performance only; it does not determine the winner. Because elapsed time does not include reaction time and each lane is timed separately, a car with a slower elapsed time can actually win if that driver's holeshot advantage exceeds the elapsed time difference. This is known as a "holeshot win".

Several measurements are taken for each race: reaction time, elapsed time, and speed. Reaction time is the period from the lighting of the green light to the vehicle leaving the starting line. Elapsed time is the time from the vehicle leaving the starting line to crossing the finish line. Speed is measured through a speed trap covering the final to the finish line, indicating the approximate maximum speed of the vehicle during the run. 

In the standard racing format, the losing car and driver are removed from the contest and the winner goes on to race other winners. This continues until only one is left.
The National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) oversees most of drag racing events in North America. The next largest organization, Feld Entertainment's International Hot Rod Association (IHRA), is about one-third the size of NHRA. Nearly all drag strips are associated with one sanctioning body or the other. The NHRA is more popular with large, 1/4-mile, nationally recognized, tracks., The IHRA is a favorite of smaller 1/8-mile local tracks (and offers selected races on their national tour under the 1/8-mile format). One reason for this is the IHRA is less restrictive in its rules, such as rules on nitrous oxide (legal in Pro Modified) and oversized engines.



Dragstrip

A dragstrip is a facility for conducting automobile and motorcycle acceleration events such as drag racing. Although a quarter mile (402 m) is the best known measure for a drag track, many tracks are eighth mile (201 m) tracks. The race is begun from a standing start. Three factors decide the outcome of the race: reaction time, torque, and traction.

A dragstrip is a straight racetrack, usually an eighth or a quarter of a mile long (660/1320 feet, 201/402 metres), followed by a "shutdown area" to allow automobiles room to stop after crossing the finish line. Common features also include a 'water box' where cars and motorcycles start their burn-outs to clean and heat up their tires to improve traction. There is a set of lights known as a 'Christmas Tree' that counts down to the start. There are also return lanes for the vehicles to return from the end of the track to the pit area.

Olympia (Manet)

Olympia is an 1863 oil painting by Édouard Manet. When it was first exhibited in 1865, the subject of the painting was controversial. 

Manet reworked Giorgione's "The Sleeping Venus" (c. 1510) and Titian's "Venus of Urbino" (c. 1538) in creating "Olympia". "Olympia" may also take inspiration from Francisco Goya's "La maja desnuda" (c. 1800). This is uncertain however. Victorine Meurent was Manet's model for "Olympia". She posed as a bullfighter for him and also for the "Dejeuner sur l'Herbe" of 1862-63. Manet painted "Olympia" in the autumn of 1863. The work was first seen by the public at the 1865 Salon in Paris. Manet delayed showing the painting because he feared it might produce some negative reactions.

"Olympia" did produce negative reactions: people hated it. Some people thought the painting was immoral and vulgar. Critic Paul de Saint-Victor wrote in "La Presse", "People throng in front of Manet's putrid "Olympia" as they would in front of a body in the Morgue. This is art fallen so low that it is not even worthy of censure". Nathaniel Harris writes, "In reviewing "Olympia" Gautier wrote that the model was puny, the bed covered with cat's footprints, the general effect ugly: but then he made the point that "we would forgive the ugliness, were it only truthful ... The least beautiful woman has bones, muscles, skin, and some sort of colour", whereas on this woman the flesh colour was dirty and the modeling non-existent." Some liked the painting. Émile Zola said it was Manet's "masterpiece". He added, "When other artists correct nature by painting Venus they lie. Manet asked himself why he should lie. Why not tell the truth?" In 1866 Zola wrote with tongue-in-cheek, "If only Manet had borrowed a powder puff ... and had lightly powdered Olympia's cheeks and her breasts she would have been a bit more presentable".

Modern art historian Nathaniel Harris writes, "..."Olympia" was an erotic shock ... Manet presented a young woman with erotic modern trappings ... that served to emphasize her nakedness ... To add to the puzzlement of the ordinary man, Olympia's gaze was not in the least inviting, or provocative, or even enigmatic ... it was simply neutral ... [N]eutrality ... was one more affront to the 19th-century male, whose picture-women were supposed to yield, to comply ... Here the girl is cool and confident, and it is the setting and properties that suggest sexualityperhaps a commercialized sexuality that is none too reassuring to the male ego."


Filipinos

Filipinos are a group of people from the Philippines, a country in Southeast Asia. They speak any of the Philippine languages. Most Filipinos also speak English as a second language in addition to other native Philippine languages. Most Filipinos are Christian, with a Muslim minority in Mindanao. Due to colonial influence, Filipino culture is a blend of Spanish, American, and indigenous cultures.

Little Dancer of Fourteen Years

Little Dancer of Fourteen Years () (1881) is a statue by Edgar Degas. The work measures 81 inches in height. The subject is a young dance student named Marie van Goethem. The relationship between van Goethem and Degas is uncertain. It was not unusual for the young dancers of the Paris Opera to seek protectors from among the well-heeled visitors at the back door of the opera.

The statue was shown in Paris at the Sixth Impressionist Exhibition of 1881. It received mixed reviews. Most critics were shocked by the piece. They thought it was ugly. Degas exhibited it inside a glass case. Some thought it was a medical specimen. The head and face were thought grotesque and primitive.

The dancer is dressed in a cotton skirt and is wearing a hair ribbon. For a finishing touch Degas used a wig made of real hair. He covered it with wax. The only parts not covered with wax were the ribbon given to him by van Goethem and the tutu. Each museum that shows this figure gives it a different tutu. The original wax model was acquired by Paul Mellon in 1956.

The sculpture was originally made in wax before it was cast in bronze. Degas's wife and daughter made the decision to have 27 of them cast in bronze. The casting was undertaken at the Hébrard foundry in Paris from 1920 until the mid-20th century. These statues posthumous Degas bronzes can be seen in many museums. Sixty-nine original sculptures in wax and mixed-media survived the casting process. 


List of heavy mortars

Heavy mortars are large-calibre mortars which fire a heavy shell on a high angle trajectory. These weapons have a short range, but are usually less complex than similar sized field artillery.

This category includes the "Trench Mortars" of World War I. These were all heavy and difficult to move.


Mme. Charpentier and Her Children

Madame Georges Charpentier and Her Children (1878) is an oil on canvas by Pierre-Auguste Renoir. He displayed it at the Salon in 1879. It drew much attention and admiration. Publisher Georges Charpentier commissioned the painting. It is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. 

The Metropolitan Museum of Art describes the painting: "Wearing an elegant Worth gown, Marguérite Charpentier sits beside her three-year-old son, Paul. Following the fashion of the time, his hair has not yet been cut and his clothes match those of his sister, Georgette, who perches on the family dog. Pleased with the painting, Madame Charpentier used her influence to ensure that it was hung in a choice spot at the Salon and introduced Renoir to her friends, several of whom commissioned work from him."

List of howitzers

Howitzers are one of two main types of field artillery, the other being the field gun. Howitzers fire a heavy shell in a high-trajectory from a short barrel. They have a short range, but they are slightly more mobile than similar size field guns. Since World War II howitzers have gained longer barrels and increased range to become gun-howitzers.


Kim Jang-saeng

Kim Jang-saeng (, July 8 1548 - August 3 1631) was a Korean scholar, writer, politician, and Neo-Confucian philosopher of the Joseon period. His penname was Sagye (사계, 沙溪).

His courtesy names were Huiwon () and Huiji () .




Hermes and the Infant Dionysos

Hermes and the Infant Dionysos is a statue possibly made by the ancient Greek sculptor Praxiteles. The statue was discovered in 1877 in the ruins of the Temple of Hera at Olympia, Greece. It is now in the Archaeological Museum of Olympia. The statue was probably made in the 4th century BC. This date is based on a remark by the 2nd century Greek traveller Pausanias.

Hermes stands 2.15 meters (7 ft. ½ in.) tall. He is missing two fingers of his left hand, both forearms below the elbow, the left foot, and his penis. Dionysos is missing his arms (except the right hand on Hermes' shoulder). He is missing the end of his right foot. Much of the tree trunk and the plinth are also lost. However, an ancient base survives, made of a grey limestone block between two blocks of marble.

The group is sculpted from a block of Parian marble. Hermes measures 2.10/2.12 meters, 3.70 m with the base. The right foot of Hermes is integral with a section of the base. The face and torso of Hermes are striking for their highly polished, glowing surface. The back shows the marks of the rasp and chisel. The rest of the sculpture is not completely finished. At the time of its discovery, the hair had some slight traces of cinnabar, a form of mercury sulfate with a red color that may have been a preparation for gilding. Cinnabar tints are seen on the sandal straps of the original foot, with traces of gilding. The sandal also bears the motif of a Heraclean knot.

Lilith

Lilith is a female demon in Jewish legends, found first in the Dead Sea scrolls. The legend is related to a Hebrew language term lilith meaning night, and has also been linked to beliefs about demons called "lili" in ancient Mesopotamia. It is believed by some that during creation, Lilith was made before Eve was. This version states she was created from the same dirt as Adam. She later came to change the earth and make it peaceful. To make the blind see. To let man kind have power over themselves and not let a narcissist rule. To let love and joy rule. Just like magic. As Lilth did not follow Adam, she later fled Eden after the creation of Eve. Lilith is commonly known for being Lucifer's wife and Queen of Hell. In the modern era some people think of Lilith as a sign for feminism as she refused to be ruled by a man.

Common year starting on Wednesday

This is the calendar for any common year starting on Wednesday, January 1 (dominical letter E). Examples include 1975, 1986, 1997, 2003, 2014 and 2025 in the Gregorian calendar,
or 2015 and 2026 in the Julian calendar. This common year is one of the three possible common years in which a century year can begin on, and occurs in century years that yield a remainder of 200 when divided by 400. The most recent such year was 1800 and the next one will be 2200 in the Gregorian calendar (see bottom tables). At this such year type, there is only one Friday the 16th. The only one occurs in May such a beautiful Friday indeed. 

This common year is one of three common years that has only one Friday the 13th, the others being Common year starting on Friday and Common year starting on Saturday. The Friday the 13th in this common year is in June. This characteristic is shared with a Leap year starting on Tuesday.

In this common year, Martin Luther King Jr. Day is on January 20, Valentine’s Day is on a Friday, Presidents Day is on February 17, St. Patrick’s Day is on a Monday, Mother’s Day is on May 11, Memorial Day is on May 26, Father’s Day is on its earliest possible date, June 15, Independence Day is on a Friday, Labor Day is on its earliest possible date, September 1, Columbus Day is on October 13, Halloween is on a Friday, Veterans Day is on a Tuesday, Thanksgiving is on November 27, and Christmas is on a Thursday.

A common year is a year with 365 days—in other words, not a leap year, which has 366.

Previous year (common) | Next year (Common)
Previous year (leap) | Next year (leap)

Common year starting on Tuesday

This is the calendar for any common year starting on Tuesday, January 1 (dominical letter F). Examples include Gregorian years 1974, 1985, 1991, 2002, 2013, 2019, and 2030;
or 2014 and 2025 in the Julian calendar (see bottom tables). On these coming years 2030, 2041, and 2047, Enzo’s birthday falls on a Wednesday

This common year is one of three common years that have two Friday the 13ths, the other two being Common year starting on Sunday and Common year starting on Monday. The Friday the 13ths in this common year are in September and December. This characteristic share it with a Leap year starting on Monday.

In this common year, Martin Luther King Jr. Day is on its latest possible date, January 21, Valentine’s Day is on a Thursday, Presidents Day is on February 18, St. Patrick’s Day is on a Sunday, Mother’s Day is on May 12, Memorial Day is on May 27, Father’s Day is on June 16, Independence Day is on a Thursday, Labor Day is on September 2, Columbus Day is on its latest possible date, October 14, Halloween is on a Thursday, Veterans Day is on a Monday, Thanksgiving is on its latest possible date, November 28, and Christmas is on a Wednesday.

A common year is a year with 365 days—in other words, not a leap year, which has 366.

Common year starting on Monday

This is the calendar for any common year starting on Monday, January 1 (dominical letter G). Examples incude Gregorian years 1973, 1979, 1990, 2001, 2007, 2018 and 2029;
or 2013 and 2019 in the Julian calendar. This common year is one of the three possible common years in which as in century years that yield a remainder of 300 when divided by 400. The most recent such year was 1900 and the next one will be 2300 in the Gregorian calendar (See tables at bottom.)

This common year is one of three common years that have two Friday the 13ths, the other two being Common year starting on Sunday and Common year starting on Tuesday. The Friday the 13ths in this common year are in April and July. This characteristic is shared with Leap Years Starting on Sunday but they also have another one in January.

In this common year, Martin Luther King Jr. Day is on its earliest possible date, January 15, Valentine’s Day is on a Wednesday, Presidents Day is on February 19, St. Patrick’s Day is on a Saturday, Mother’s Day is on May 13, Memorial Day is on May 28, Father’s Day is on June 17, Independence Day is on a Wednesday, Labor Day is on September 3, Columbus Day is on its earliest possible date, October 8, Halloween is on a Wednesday, Veterans Day is on a Sunday, Thanksgiving is on its earliest possible date, November 22, and Christmas is on a Tuesday.

A common year is a year with 365 days; in other words, not a leap year.

In this year, January and October start on Monday, February, March and November start on Thursday, April and July start on Sunday, May starts on Tuesday, June starts on Friday, August starts on Wednesday, and September and December start on Saturday.

Common year starting on Thursday

This is the calendar for any common year starting on Thursday, January 1 (dominical letter D). Examples include years 1970, 1981, 1987, 1998, 2009, 2015 and 2026 in the Gregorian calendar, 2037 and 2043 will also be this year type
or 2010, 2021 and 2027 in the Julian calendar (see bottom tables). 

This is the only common year with three occurrences of Friday the 13th, in February, March and November. The other type of year with three occurrences of Friday the 13th is a Leap year starting on Sunday which has three Friday the 13ths in January, April, and July. Also interestingly, with the exception of skipped leap years, leap years starting on Sunday falls exactly three years either side of two consecutive common years starting on Thursday; the most recent occurrence was 2012 between 2009 and 2015. From February until March in this type of year is also the shortest period (one month) that runs between two instances of Friday the 13th.

In this common year, February is rectangular in calendar where weeks start on a Sunday, Martin Luther King Jr. Day is on January 19, Valentine’s Day is on a Saturday, President's Day is on February 17, Saint Patrick’s Day is on a Tuesday, Memorial Day is on its earliest possible date, May 25, U.S. Independence Day and Halloween are on a Saturday, Labor Day is on its latest possible date, September 7, Veterans Day is on a Wednesday, Thanksgiving is on November 26, and Christmas is on a Friday. This common year is also the only one where Memorial Day and Labor Day are not 14 weeks (98 days) apart: they are 15 weeks (105 days) apart in this common year. Leap years starting on Wednesday share this characteristic. Like leap years starting on Wednesday, this common year also has the shortest gap between Halloween (October 31) and the end of Daylight Saving Time in the US (November 1) by one day. Prior to 2007, this common year had the longest gap between the end of Daylight Saving Time in the US (October 25) and Halloween by 6 days.

A common year is a year with 365 days, i.e. not a leap year.
This kind of year has 53 weeks in the ISO 8601 week - day format.

Common year starting on Friday

This is the calendar for any common year starting on Friday, January 1 (dominical letter C). Examples include 1971, 1982, 1993, 1999, 2010, 2021, and 2027 in the Gregorian calendar,
or 2011 and 2022 in the Julian calendar. This common year is one of the three possible common years in which a century year can begin on, and occurs in century years that yield a remainder of 100 when divided by 400. The most recent such year was 1700 and the next one will be 2100 in the Gregorian calendar (see bottom tables).

In this common year, Martin Luther King Jr. Day is on January 18, Valentine’s Day is on a Sunday, Presidents Day is on its earliest possible date, February 15, St. Patrick’s Day is on a Wednesday, Mother’s Day is on May 9, Memorial Day is on its latest possible date, May 31, Father’s Day is on June 20, Independence Day is on a Sunday, Labor Day is on September 6, Columbus Day is on October 11, Halloween is on a Sunday, Veterans Day is on a Thursday, Thanksgiving is on November 25, and Christmas is on a Saturday.

This is one of three common years to have only one Friday the 13th, the other two being Common year starting on Wednesday and Common year starting on Saturday. The Friday the 13th in this common year is in August. This characteristic is shared with Leap Years Starting on Thursday but also have another one in February.

A common year is a year with 365 days, i.e., not a leap year.

This is the only year type where the "n"th "Doomsday" (this year Sunday) is not in ISO week "n"; it is in ISO week "n"-1.

Common year starting on Saturday

This is the calendar for any common year starting on Saturday, January 1 (dominical letter B). Examples include 1977, 1983, 1994, 2005, 2011, 2022 and 2033 in the Gregorian calendar. In addition, 2039 and 2050 will also be common years starting on Saturday according to the next two lists after the previous year preceding to these next two years. Skipping 2040, 2041, 2042, 2043, and 2044, this year type itself will immediately precede to the next common year type which will be in 6 years after the previous year with type of this. 

This common year is one of three common years that have only one Friday the 13th, the others being Common year starting on Wednesday and Common year starting on Friday. The Friday the 13th in this common year is in May. This characteristic is shared with a Leap year starting on Friday.

In 2022, Martin Luther King Jr. Day is on January 17, Valentine’s Day is on a Monday, Presidents Day is on its latest possible date, February 21, St. Patrick’s Day is on a Thursday, Mother’s Day is on its earliest possible date, May 8, Memorial Day is on May 30, Father’s Day is on June 19, Independence Day is on a Monday, Labor Day is on September 5, Columbus Day is on October 10, Halloween is on a Monday, Veterans Day is on a Friday, Thanksgiving is on November 24, and Christmas is on a Sunday. 

A common year is a year with 365 days—in other words, not a leap year.

<br>

Common year starting on Sunday

This is the calendar for any common year starting on Sunday, January 1 (dominical letter A) or for any year in which “Doomsday” is Tuesday. Examples include years 1978, 1989, 1995, 2006, 2017, 2023, and 2034 in the Gregorian calendar. I.e. includes 2045 and 2051 which is immediately preceded from the previous common year type. After the first other year mentioned above and this year type will be preceded onto year starting on Monday but common. While after 2051, in other words will also be another year starting on Monday but it’s leap already. The “spank” date also occurs with year such as Saturday the 19th where the 19th day of any month falls on a Saturday. However, we have only one occurrence of this date, which only occurs in August. While the other thing, is “Wednesday the 19th” but occurs twice this year, in April and in July. One more note about Saturday the 19th: occurs twice in common years starting on Saturday plus one more in February so the two occurrences are in March, and in November. As far as known, leap years starting on Friday shares this same thing.

In this common year, Martin Luther King Jr. Day is on January 16, Valentine’s Day is on a Tuesday, Presidents Day is on February 20, St. Patrick’s Day is on a Friday, Mother’s Day is on its latest possible date, May 14, Memorial Day is on May 29, Father’s Day is on June 18, Independence Day is on a Tuesday, Labor Day is on September 4, Columbus Day is on October 9, Halloween is on a Tuesday, Veterans Day is on a Saturday, Thanksgiving is on November 23, and Christmas is on a Monday.

This common year is one of three common years that have two Friday the 13th's, the other two being Common year starting on Monday and Common year starting on Tuesday. The Friday the 13ths in this common year are in January and October.

A common year is a year with 365 days, in other words, not a leap year.
In this year, January and October start on Sunday, February, March and November start on Wednesday, April and July start on Saturday, May starts on Monday, June starts on Thursday, August starts on Tuesday, and September and December start on Friday."

ARPANET

The Advanced Research Projects Agency Network (ARPANET) was an early packet switching network and was one of the first to use TCP/IP. It was made by the Advanced Research Projects Agency of the United States Department of Defense in 1969. It was the main network of a set that came to make up the global Internet.

Gung Ye

Gung Ye (, 869? 24 July 918) was the king of the Hugoguryeo kingdom. He was a Silla noble. His family name was Kim (), but was changed to Gung ().

He was the illegitimate child of King Heonan of Silla or Gyeongmun of Silla. Later, around 880 he lost in the Silla royal family's war of succession. Gung Ye disappeared in the north. In 900, he started a country called Goryeo.


Cantor (church)

A cantor is the chief singer in Jewish or Christian worship. 
The cantor's duties and qualifications have varied a lot in different times and places. In Roman Catholic and Anglican worship the cantor is the person (usually a man) who sings the solo parts of a chant, while the choir sing the choral parts. In the Middle Ages the cantor came to be the supervisor or director of the choir. In Anglican cathedrals they are often known as the "precentor".


Crelle's Journal

Crelle's Journal, or just Crelle, is a journal that was published monthly for mathematical articles. It was founded by August Leopold Crelle in 1826 in Berlin. The full German title is Journal für die reine und angewandte Mathematik (in English: "Journal for Pure and Applied Mathematics").

Crelle edited the journal until his death in 1855. Lots of very important mathematical articles were published in it. Some of these were articles which had a very big influence on the development of mathematics. It published famous articles by mathematicians such as Niels Henrik Abel, Georg Cantor, and Gotthold Eisenstein. It was edited by Carl Wilhelm Borchardt from 1856–80, during which time it was known as "Borchardt's Journal". The editor today is Rainer Weissauer (Ruprecht-Karls-University, Heidelberg).

Alvis Stormer

The Alvis Stormer, usually just called the Stormer, was a British armoured vehicle. It was in service with the British Army until mid-2009, when the Stormers were gradually retired.

It was made by the British company Alvis Vickers. Alvis Vickers is now called BAE Systems Global Combat Systems.

There are three different kinds of Stormer. These are:

The British Army use Stormers with the Starstreak missile for short range air defence.

A different kind of Stormer with a flat load bed is used to carry the Shielder minelaying system.

Stormer 30 is a changed Stormer chassis which gives a tracked reconnaissance vehicle. This type has a turret.

The vehicle is still only a prototype. It is unknown when it will enter service. The vehicle will be able to be moved around by the C-130 Hercules used by the RAF aircraft as well as the CH-53, which is currently in service with NATO and other nations across the world.



Skip

Skip is a singer-songwriter and pop artist. He is known for his single entitled "Skippin'" which is a part from his self-titled debut album. The song was a hit in the Philippines, certified gold.

At the age of 10, $kip performed for live audiences and clubs where people gave him credits for his act. People also rated him performances. One comment lead him to join a local competition and sang "Benny And The Jets", but didn't he win. Two days after the competition, a call from his old record label offered him to get signed. In 2011, he rejected his label and was forced to move to another one.
A week after releasing his first single, the song directly charted in the Philippines where it peaked in the top 8 for 2 straight weeks. The single was then a certified Gold. According to PARI (Philippine Association of the Record Industry), the single's certification was supposed to be higher, but all agreed that the single can only make it to Gold.

Skip has said that his debut album will be released some time in December 2012. In February 2012, he performed his second single from the album, titled "Clap! Clap! Clap!". The song directly debuted on the Philippine Charts and there it peaked on number 10.


Kim Jip

Kim Jip (1574 - 1656) was a Korean politician, scholar, teacher, and writer during the Joseon Dynasty. He was also known as Shindokjae () or Shindok (). His Chinese name was Sagang (). He was the son of Kim Jangsaeng, and the teacher of Song Siyeol and Yun Seongeo.



List of places in New York: B

List of places in New York

The following is a series of lists of counties, towns, cities, villages, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York. The lists include information on the number and names of counties in which the places lie and their lower and upper ZIP code bounds, if applicable. 

Click a letter to find places in New York starting with that letter. For the links to individual pages of places (counties, towns, cities, villages, and census-designated places), please see the Administrative divisions of New York at the bottom.


List of places in New York: A

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

List of places in New York: C

List of places in New York: D

List of places in New York: E

List of places in New York: F

List of places in New York: G

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

List of places in New York: H

List of places in New York: I

List of places in New York: J

List of places in New York: K

List of places in New York: L

List of places in New York: M

List of places in New York: N

List of places in New York: O

List of places in New York: P

List of places in New York: Q

List of places in New York: R

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

List of places in New York: S

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

List of places in New York: T

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

List of places in New York: U

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

List of places in New York: V

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

List of places in New York: W

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper ZIP Code bounds, if applicable.

List of places in New York: Y

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

List of places in New York: Z

This list of current cities, towns, unincorporated communities, counties, and other recognized places in the U.S. state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies, and its lower and upper zip code bounds, if applicable.

Jeong Gu

Jeong Gu (1543 - 1620) was a Korean politician and philosopher, historian, writer, Confucian scholar and poet of the Joseon Dynasty. a penname was Hangang (), Chinese style name was Dogah () or Gabo (). 




Nitrocellulose

Nitrocellulose (also: cellulose nitrate, flash paper) catches fire quickly. It is formed by nitrating cellulose through exposure to nitric acid or another powerful nitrating agent. When used as a propellant or low-order explosive, it is also known as guncotton. Nitrocellulose can be plasticized by camphor. Kodak, and other suppliers, used placticized nitrocellulose as a film base in photograph, X-ray films and motion picture films. People call this "nitrate film". After numerous fires caused by unstable nitrate films, safety film started to be used from the 1930s in the case of X-ray stock and from 1948 for motion picture film.

Big Bertha

Big Bertha is the name of a type of super-heavy howitzer made by the famous armaments manufacturer Krupp in Germany on the eve of World War I. Another huge gun, 42-cm Gamma-Device howitzer, was the forerunner of the Bertha.

Bertha's official name was the L/12 (the barrel was 12 calibre in length), or the M-Device.

Many sources say that "Bertha" is a reference to Bertha Krupp, heiress and owner of the Krupp industrial empire. However, not all accept this. During the war, the Germans gave numerous other nicknames to the M-Device. 'Dicke', meaning fat or big in German, is apparently not a reference to the physical aspect of Ms Krupp.

The name "Big Bertha" subsequently came to be applied generally by the Allies to any very large German gun. This included the railway guns which used mounted battleship guns known as "Langer Max" and the ultra-long range "Paris Gun". Strictly speaking, however, Dicke Bertha, or Big Bertha, is "only" applicable to the 42-cm M-Device howitzer.

Bertha was the result of lessons learned by the Germans (and Austrians) from the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-05. During the war, the Japanese had dismounted a number of their coastal defence 28-cm howitzers and used them to help break their siege of the fortified Russian naval base at Port Arthur.

This was a complete novelty as, until that time, it had been assumed by military experts that the largest transportable siege guns were around 20-cm in calibre. Other Europeans completely failed to draw the lessons the Japanese had taught, and went forward without any huge siege guns.

Big Bertha gained a strong reputation on both sides of the lines due to its early impressive successes in smashing the forts at Liege, Belgium. The German press went wild with enthusiasm and declared the Bertha a 'wonder weapon'. When used later during the German assault upon Verdun in February 1916, however, it proved less effective, as the fort, made of concrete reinforced with steel, could mostly withstand the large semi-armour-piercing shells of the Berthas. Only Fort Vaux was severely damaged during this event, destroying the water storage and leading to the surrender of the fort.

A total of 12 complete M-Devices were built; besides the two available when the war started, ten more were built during the war. This figure does not include additional barrels.

As the war ground on several Berthas were destroyed when their barrels burst due to faulty ammunition. Later in the Great War, an L/30 30.5-cm barrel was developed and fitted to a number of Bertha carriages in order to provide longer-range, though not quite as heavy fire.

Sun, Moon, and Talia

"Sun, Moon, and Talia" () is a fairy tale by Giambattista Basile. It was published in his "Pentamerone" (1636). It is similar to the "Sleeping Beauty" tales by Charles Perrault and the Brothers Grimm. 

A great lord consults several wise men about the future of his newborn daughter Talia. They predict she will be put in danger from a splinter of flax. To protect his daughter, the father commands that no flax be brought into his house. Years later, Talia sees an old woman spinning flax on a spindle. She asks if she may try it. As soon as she begins to spin, a splinter of flax goes under her fingernail. She drops to the ground, and appears dead. Her father puts Talia in one of his country houses and abandons her.

Some time later, a king, hunting in the nearby woods, follows his falcon into the house. He finds Talia, and tries unsuccessfully to wake her up. He rapes her and returns to his own city. 
Still deep in sleep, Talia gives birth to twins (a boy and a girl). They are tended by fairies. One day, the boy begins to suck on Talia's finger and draws out the flax splinter. Talia awakens immediately. She names them "Sun" and "Moon" and lives with them in the house. The king returns and finds Talia is the mother of twins. He tells her what happened and they form a bond.

However, the king is married. His wife is suspicious and learns the truth. She gains possession of the two children. She orders the cook to prepare them for consumption. The cook spares the children and sends the queen a dish of lamb. The queen taunts the king while he eats. The queen has Talia brought to court. She commands that a huge fire be lit in the courtyard, and that Talia be thrown into the flames. Talia undresses and screams with grief. The king hears Talia's screams. He commands that his wife be thrown into the fire instead. The king and Talia marry.



Blackout (album)

Blackout is pop music singer Britney Spears' fifth studio album. It was released in late 2007 by Jive Records.
It had the singles "Gimme More", "Piece Of Me", and "Break The Ice".

Radar (song)

"Radar" is a song performed by the pop music singer Britney Spears. 
It was originally supposed to be the fourth single released off of her fifth studio album "Blackout". 
It ultimately wasn't but despite that fact it did chart in some countries. 
It was later included as a bonus track on her sixth studio album "Circus". 
It was released as the fourth single off of that album.

La Belle au bois dormant (opera)

La Belle au bois dormant () is an opera in three acts by Michele Carafa to a French libretto by François-Antonine-Eugène de Planard after the fairy tale of the same name by Charles Perrault. It was first performed on March 2, 1825 at the Salle Le Peletier of Paris Opera. The famous tenor Adolphe Nourrit created the role of the Prince. The choreography was composed by Pierre Gabriel Gardel, and sets designed by Pierre-Luc-Charles Cicéri.



Mortar (weapon)

A mortar is an artillery weapon which fires explosive shells. The shells are known as (mortar) bombs. They are fired at targets which are close, as mortars do not have long range. It has a short barrel which fires the mortar bomb at a low speed high into the air to reach its target. They have been used since medieval times. Mortars are made in different sizes, from large and heavy mortars to infantry mortars which can be carried by just one soldier. They are called an indirect fire weapon because the bomb drops onto the target from above, rather than being aimed straight at it. Soldiers firing a mortar do not need to be able to see their target.

A mortar is quite simple and easy to use. Most are muzzleloaders made up of a tube that a gunner drops a bomb into. The tube is usually set at between 45 and 90 degrees angle to the ground. The higher the angle, the shorter the range. When the bomb reaches the bottom of the tube it hits a firing pin. The mortar bomb's weight is enough to set off the firing pin which ignites the round and fires it. Some larger mortars have a firing pin that is set off by using a string instead of automatically.

From the 18th to the early 20th century, very heavy siege mortars were used. These were very difficult to move around. These had up to one metre calibre. They were often made of cast iron. Smaller designs that were easier to move around were brought in during the First World War. Mortars are still used today.
Light and medium mortars are easy to move around. They are usually used by infantry units. Mortars can fire from a trench or .

Heavy mortars are usually between 120- and 300-mm calibre. These weapons are usually towed or put on to vehicles. They are sometimes loaded from the back (breech-loaded). They are usually used by infantry in battalions or divisions. Even mortars this large are simpler and cheaper than howitzers and field guns.

A mortar can be moved around by one or more people (bigger mortars can usually be broken down into parts) or moved around in a vehicle. An infantry mortar can usually be set up and fired from a mortar-carrier. A mortar-carrier is a modified armoured vehicle or one built especially to be a mortar-carrier. They have a big hatch on the roof. Mortars with two barrels—like the AMOS PT1—are the latest kinds of heavy mortar. They are put on carriers such as armoured personnel carriers, tank chassis and patrol boats.

Light versions of mortar are usually used by at least two men. Heavier mortars are fired by three to five men. Lighter mortars can be fired from anywhere that gives a good firing position. However, medium mortars are usually fired from prepared, well fortified positions.

Most mortars used today are made up of a barrel, a plate for the barrel to stand on, and a bipod.

Mortars are mainly medium calibre weapons. However, mortars both bigger and smaller than this have been made. An example of a smaller mortar is the British 51 mm Light Mortar. The 51 mm is carried by just one soldier. It is made up of only a tube and a base plate. A bigger example is the Soviet 2S4 M1975 "Tyulpan" (tulip flower) 240 mm self-propelled mortar.

Mortars are not very stable if they are used on snow or soft ground. This is because the recoil pushes them into the ground. The Raschen Bag can be used to avoid this problem.

The ammunition fired by mortars are properly called "bombs". One possible reason for this is that the fins that stabilise the round when it is flying, and the shape of the round makes it look like a bomb dropped from aircraft.

Mortars can fire many different bombs. Some of these are:

Mortars are usually smaller and lighter than howitzers and field guns. When the mortar bomb is launched, it descends at a very steep angle (almost straight down).

Mortars can be very helpful if they are used in hidden places. It can be even more helpful if there are people around the battlefield that help tell the mortar where to fire (forward observers).

Mortars have existed for hundreds of years. They were first used in sieges. A European description of the Siege of Belgrade (1456) by Giovanni da Tagliacozzo says that the Ottoman Turks used seven mortars that fired "stone shots one Italian mile high". The speed of these was said to be very slow. It was also said that men could be prevented from being injured by putting observers out who warned the troops of what angle the mortars were firing at.

Early mortars like the Pumhart von Steyr were big and heavy. They were also difficult to move around. An early mortar that could be moved easily was invented by Baron (Siege of Grave, 1673). At the Siege of Vicksburg, General Ulysses S. Grant reported making mortars "by taking logs of the toughest wood that could be found, boring them out for six or twelve-pound shells and binding them with strong iron bands. These answered as coehorns, and shells were successfully thrown from them into the trenches of the enemy."

Mortars were very useful in the muddy trenches of the Western Front. A mortar round could be aimed to fall straight into a trench because of the deep angle that the bombs fell at.

During the Battle of Iwo Jima, the Imperial Japanese Army used twelve 320 mm mortars against the American forces.

The biggest mortars ever made were the French "Monster Mortar" (36 French inches; 975 mm; developed by Henri-Joseph Paixhans in 1832), Mallet's Mortar (36 inches; 910 mm; designed by Robert Mallet and tested by the Woolwich Arsenal, London, in 1857) and the "Little David" (36 inches; 914.4 mm; developed in the United States for use in World War II). All three mortars had a caliber of 36 "inches". However, only the "Monster Mortar" was used (at the Battle of Antwerp in 1832).

"Home-made" mortars have been used by insurgent groups. They are usually used to attack well defended military bases or to scare civilians. An early example was the Davidka. This was used during the Israeli War of Independence in 1948. The Provisional Irish Republican Army used some of the best-known examples during the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. The biggest types came to be known as "barracks busters". They were usually made of heavy steel piping put onto a steel frame.

Well-known events using "home-made" mortars include the 1985 Newry mortar attack. This was when nine members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary were killed. Another well-known event is the Downing Street mortar attack in 1991. In this, the IRA mortared 10 Downing Street during a meeting. Three bombs were launched but only one exploded. It landed in the back garden of the British Prime Minister's house. It only broke the windows at the back of the house. Prime Minister John Major had to move to Admiralty House while the windows were being fixed.




Type 38 75 mm field gun

The was a field gun used by the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). It became a standard field gun of the IJA after the end of the Russo-Japanese War.

Japan had experience with artillery in its war with Russia in 1904-05.

In 1905 ("Meiji 38"), the Imperial Japanese Army selected Krupp's artillery design. At first, the field guns were imported.

Over 2000 guns were produced under license at the Army’s Osaka Arsenal.

After World War I, the weapon was re-designed in Japan.

Plans to replace the Type 38s with Type 90 75 mm field guns went forward in 1931. However, Type 38s continued to be used.

Type 38s were used in the Second Sino-Japanese War and in World War II.



Himalayan cat

The Himalayan is a cat breed that was created in 1950 by crossing the Siamese and the Persian. It has point markings and blue eyes like a Siamese, and long fur like a Persian. Sometimes it is considered to be a color variation of the Persian, and not a separate breed.

The origin of Himalayan cats, a breed distinguished by its striking point coloration reminiscent of the Siamese and the luxurious long fur of the Persian, traces back to a series of deliberate breeding efforts rather than a natural occurrence in the wild. Unlike their long-haired ancestors, the Himalayan cats do not have a direct lineage from a wild species, but rather, they are the result of careful selective breeding practices initiated in the 20th century.

The inception of the Himalayan cat breed is attributed to scientific endeavors in the United States and the United Kingdom, where breeders aimed to combine the best traits of the Persian and Siamese breeds. The goal was to produce a cat with the long, plush coat of the Persian and the unique point coloration of the Siamese. The first successful breeding programs are often credited to Dr. Clyde Keeler in the United States and the British geneticist Virginia Cobb in the 1930s. Through meticulous breeding, they sought to create a cat that embodied the aesthetic qualities of both parent breeds while maintaining a gentle and affectionate temperament.

In a letter reminiscent of the accounts of early Persian cat importation, Dr. Keeler might have described the initial Himalayan specimens as having the majestic presence of the Persian cat with the intriguing color contrast of the Siamese. The cats were noted for their striking blue eyes, a hallmark of the Siamese breed, set against their luxuriously long and dense fur, which was distinctly Persian in nature. The defining feature of these cats, their color points – the ears, face, paws, and tail set against a lighter body color – were celebrated as a triumph of selective breeding.

The breed's name, Himalayan, is somewhat of a misnomer, implying a mythical origin from the Himalayan mountains, similar to how the Persian cat was named for its supposed geographical origins rather than actual provenance. The name was likely chosen for its exotic appeal and to evoke images of the majestic and mysterious mountain ranges, aligning with the breed's striking appearance. It is important to note that, much like the naming convention of the Persian cat, the term "Himalayan cat" does not reflect a native breed from the Himalayan region. Instead, it is a testament to the breed's creation through human intervention and imagination.

By the mid-20th century, the Himalayan cat had gained recognition and popularity among cat enthusiasts and breeders. It was officially recognized as a distinct breed by major cat registries, although some organizations classified it as a variant of the Persian breed. The Himalayan cat's journey from a breeder's vision to a beloved pet in homes worldwide highlights the role of human creativity and selective breeding in shaping the modern landscape of domesticated animals.

Bombard (weapon)

A bombard is a large-caliber, muzzle-loading, medieval cannon or mortar. It was used in sieges for throwing heavy stone balls. The name bombarde was used in a French historical text around 1380. The modern term "bombardment" comes from this.

Bombards were usually used during sieges to hurl various things into enemy forts. Items such as stone or metal balls, burning materials and weighted cloth soaked in quicklime or Greek fire are have been written about.

The name comes from medieval Latin and French words from an earlier Greek word meaning the making of a humming noise.

A famous example of a bombard is Mons Meg, a large weapon built around 1449 and used by King James II of Scotland. It was very powerful and used for bringing down castle walls. Mons Meg could fire shots and was one of the largest bombards in its time. It is now on public display at Edinburgh Castle. Other known bombards include two wrought iron weapons, the Pumhart von Steyr and Dulle Griet. There were also weapons cast in bronze, the Faule Mette, Faule Grete, and Grose Bochse. The Tsar Cannon is a late 16th century show-piece.

The Dardanelles Gun was built in the Ottoman Empire in 1464 by Munir Ali. It weighed 18.6 t and was 518cm long. It could fire stone balls of up to 63cm diameter.

Bombards were replaced by weapons using smaller calibre iron shells with more powerful gunpowder.


Bombardment

A bombardment is an attack by artillery weapons against fortifications, troops or towns and buildings. It word came from the name of the medieval artillery weapon, the bombard, which was used to fire heavy stones during a siege.

Before World War I the word bombardment was only used for the attack of defenceless or undefended objects, houses, public buildings. Since then it has come to mean any mass attack delivered by artillery or short range missiles, and also as aerial bombardment if delivered by bomber aircraft or long range missiles.

It now is also used to describe activities in science, such as firing high energy particles like electrons into atoms in the study of nuclear reactions. The word can also be used informally, for example, a person could be "bombarded" with questions.

In its old strict sense the term was only applied to the bombardment of defenceless or undefended objects, houses, public buildings. The purpose is to destroy the courage of your enemies. Civilians in a besieged town would put pressure on their military leaders to surrender before the place was destroyed. The practice of using artillery to do this was especially common up until World War I. Since then long range artillery bombardment has been joined by aerial bombardment delivered by aircraft and missiles.

Rapier (missile)

Rapier is a British surface-to-air missile. It was developed for the British Army and Royal Air Force. It began being used in 1971 and eventually replaced all other anti-aircraft weapons in the British Army. It replaced both guns for targets that were flying low down, and the English Electric Thunderbird which was used against targets that were higher up and further away. 

Rapier defends against fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, unmanned aircraft and cruise missiles. It is also able to fire two missiles at once.

Rapier can be moved around by ground and air.

Rapier started being developed in 1961. It was done privately at the British Aircraft Corporation (BAC). Then, the missile was known as "Sightline". The project was to fight supersonic, low-flying aircrat. 

At the time the British Army was going to buy the American MIM-46 Mauler for air-defense. Mauler ran into problems in 1963, so the Ministry of Defence started giving money to Sightline. Sightline was supposed to be a backup in case Mauler failed. This eventually happened, and Sightline was eventually developed as "Rapier". The missile was 1966 for testing. Full versions of Rapier were tested in 1968. A contract was given in 1969 for the missile to begin being made. Rapier began being used in 1971 with the British Army, and 1974 with the Royal Air Force Regiment.

The first Rapier was a launcher on wheels. It had four missiles. The launcher is a large cylinder. It has two missiles on each side. 
The first Rapier was accurate and simple to use. However, it could not be used in all types of weather. To fix this, BAC started working on a different radar unit. This led to the Marconi DN 181 "Blindfire" radar in 1970. The first Blindfires were sold to the Iranian Army in 1973. The British Army did not buy the Blindfire system until 1979.

It soon became noticed that a version of Rapier that could be moved around was needed. BAC decided to change Rapier to fit onto the M548, a version of the M113 armored personnel carrier. In 1974, this weapon was developed as "Tracked Rapier". The vehicles were bought by the British Army. The first Tracked Rapiers were used with "11 (Sphinx) Air Defence Battery", of 22 Air Defence Regiment, Royal Artillery in 1982-83.

Moving to firing takes only 30 seconds. This was a very big improvement to Towed Rapier. The biggest difference between towed and tracked Rapier was that the tracked Rapier launcher has eight missiles. The towed Rapier only has four.

There was no room for Blindfire on a single M548. Because of this, it is towed or put onto a different M548. 

After Tracked Rapier entered service, it was upgraded many times to follow the upgrades being made to all Rapiers. 

Tracked Rapier has been replaced by Starstreak missile launchers. These are put onto the Alvis Stormer.

The "Field Standard B" (FSB) added some basic upgrades to Rapier. Also, the radar which searches for enemy aircrat was upgraded so that it could be easily shut down.

Because of all the new upgrades, the first, cheap Rapier was gone. To make Rapier cheaper, BAC began developing the "Rapier Laserfire" in 1982. 

Tracking and firing is similar to the first Rapier. However, the Laserfire lights up the target and automatically tracks it with a powerful YAG:Nd laser. 

In 1988, a better missile started being tested. This missile exploded before it hit the target. This allowed Rapier to hit smaller, faster targets.

In 1992 the Army decided to upgrade Rapier to higher-quality versions.

The missile has two versions, the Mk. 2A to shoot down aircraft, and the Mk. 2B, which can be used against light tanks and other armoured vehicles.

In April 1982, the first Rapier was used during the Falklands War. Early reports about Rapier were good. They said Rapier got 14 kills and probably killed another 6 more. However, later reports said that around four enemy aircraft were shot down by Rapier. Only one Argentine aircraft, a Dagger A, was definitely a Rapier kill. The pilot was killed. 

""Within the total only five Argentine aircraft might have been shot down by Rapier, and, as originally noted by Ethell and Price, only one of these was certain, with two probables and two possibles. Similar discrepancies arose over other weapons systems, notably Blowpipe (one confirmed kill as against nine confirmed and two probables in the White Paper) and Sea Cat (zero to one against eight confirmed and two probables in the White Paper). […] This confirmation that MoD had exaggerated, however unwittingly, the capabilities of Rapier was deemed to be political dynamite. It was observed that if this assessment became publicly known it 'could have a serious adverse effects on sales' prospects for Rapier, which is the staple revenue-earner for BAe's Dynamic Group.""

The main problems were that Rapier could not fire very far, and that there was no proximity fuse. This meant that the gunner had to hit the aircrat with the missile directly. There were also problems with Rapier's IFF system.

It has been announced the UK Ministry of Defence was giving money to a company to find a replacement for Rapier. The Common Anti-Air Modular Missile (CAMM) would have some components the same as the ASRAAM missile which is in service with the RAF.

An example of Rapier can be seen in a hangar in IWM Duxford.



Step Up

Step Up is a 2006 American romantic musical teen drama movie set in Maryland. This movie is similar to "Bring It On" (which was released in 2000), except there is hip hop involved. This movie was released August 11, 2006 in the United States. The reviews were mixed to negative, though the movie had a high box office intake.

The sequel, "", was released February 14, 2008. It stars Briana Evigan, Robert Hoffman, and Cassie and directed by Jon Chu. A second sequel called "Step Up 3D" was released on August 6, 2010. A third sequel called "Step Up Revolution" was released in 2012 and the fifth and final movie, Step Up: All In, was released in 2014.

Type 90 75 mm field gun

This artillery piece was planned to replace the Type 38 75 mm field gun in front line combat units. However, Type 38s continued to be used.

Before World War I, the Imperial Japanese Army mainly had Krupp cannons from Germany. After the Versailles Treaty, the Japanese considered other options including field guns designed by Schneider et Cie from France. 

In 1931, IJA began to use the "Type 90" which was based on Schneider designs.

The Type 90 was not considered successful.

The Type 90 75 mm field gun was used in Manchukuo. It was used against the Soviet Red Army at the Battle of Nomonhan.



Step Up 2: The Streets

Step Up 2: The Streets is a 2008 American musical teen drama movie. It is the sequel to "Step Up". This sequel is set in the Baltimore region and was released in February 2008. The movie got substandard reviews, though it received almost $151 million throughout the world.

The movie tells of teenager Andrea "Andie" West whose mother died from cancer when Andie was 16. Andie now lives with Sarah (her guardian and her mother's best friend), though actually Andie always feels like she does not really belong anywhere. She loves dancing, although she is performing very poorly during school. One day, Andie, who is with Maryland School of Arts, is expelled from there by the MSA school director after the dance studio at her school is vandalized by students from 410 (four-one-oh), a competing [hip hop] dancing crew. She is also expelled from MSA due to her connection with a hip hop crew known as The Streets, at which point Sarah has had enough of Andie's behavior and threatens to send Andie to Texas to live with her aunt. Andie then receives a text from her best friend Missy.

List of phobias

Phobias are irrational fears of things and situations which can be a danger but most are not harmful. There are many kinds of phobias. Here are listed more than 200 of them.
Phobias are most known to cause panic attacks and shock and epileptic fits, with phobias that have loneliness, spiders, fumes, and maybe heights.



Railway gun

A railway gun, also called a railroad gun, is a large artillery weapon, built on, transported by, and fired from a specially designed railway wagon. Many countries have built railway guns, but the best known were made by Krupp and used by Germany in World War I and World War II. Smaller guns were often part of an armoured train.

Railway guns are no longer used. Their large size and limited movement made them easy targets. They have been replaced by aircraft, rockets, and missiles.

The idea of railway guns was first suggested in the 1860s by a Mr Anderson. He published a pamphlet in the United Kingdom titled "National Defence" in which he proposed a plan of ironclad railway carriages. A Russian, Lebedew, claimed to have first invented the idea in 1860 when he is reported to have mounted a mortar on a railway car.

The first railway gun used in battle was a banded 32-pounder Brooke naval rifle. In the American Civil War it was mounted on a flat rail car and protected with sheets of iron. On 29 June 1862, Robert E. Lee had the gun pushed by a locomotive over the Richmond and York River line (later part of the Southern Railway) and used at the Battle of Savage's Station. There is also a photo of a Union 13-inch siege mortar mounted on a rail car during the Siege of Petersburg, Virginia. It was nicknamed the "Dictator" or the "Petersburg Express".

Railway guns were used by France during the Siege of Paris in 1870, and by the British during the Siege of Ladysmith during the Second Boer War.

Germany already had a few Big Bertha guns at the start of the First World War but the French had a shortage of heavy field artillery. Large coastal defense guns and naval guns were moved to the front. These were usually unsuitable for field use and needed some kind of mounting. The railway gun was an obvious solution. By 1916, both sides were using railway guns.

Baldwin Locomotive Works made five 14"/50 caliber railway guns on trains for the United States Navy during April and May 1918. Each train carried a Mk 4 14"/50 caliber gun. These were a naval rifle used on New Mexico and Tennessee class battleships, mounted on a rail carriage with four 6-wheel bogies. One of these guns is on display outside the museum at the Washington Navy Yard.

The Second World War saw the final use of railway guns. The Germans used the massive Schwerer Gustav gun, the largest artillery piece to be used in battle. The rise of the aeroplane effectively ended the use of the railway guns. Like battleships, they were big, expensive, and easily destroyed from the air.







Ion cannon

In science fiction, an ion cannon is a beam weapon. It shoots beams of ions (atoms or molecules with an electrical charge). Because of its power, it is usually said to be a superweapon. An ion cannon is a type of particle cannon. The particles it shoots are ionized. Because of their electrical charges, they can cause electronic devices, vehicles, and anything else that has an electrical or similar power source to stop working. Ion cannons are used in many science-fiction movies and television series. Ion cannons are also used in many video games.

The science fiction idea for these weapons comes from the particle cannon created by Nikola Tesla. Tesla's cannon shot ions into the ionosphere. This caused them to be charged more. Research of this idea is still being done with directed-energy weapons.



Lumsden, Saskatchewan

Lumsden is a town in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The population of Lumsden was 1,523 in 2006. The mayor of Lumsden is Bryan Matheson. The town was originally known as "Happy Hollow" in 1881 and was changed to "Lumsden" in 1889 after Hugh Lumsden, a senior engineer with the Qu'Appelle, Long Lake and Saskatchewan Railway.


How the Grinch Stole Christmas!

How the Grinch Stole Christmas! is a children's story. It was written by Dr. Seuss. It is written in rhymed verse. Dr. Seuss drew the pictures. It was published in 1957 as a book by Random House. It was also published in a magazine called "Redbook". The book criticizes the commercialization of Christmas. It also makes fun of those who profit from exploiting the holiday. An animated television program of the story was made in 1966. Boris Karloff narrated the How the Grinch Stole Christmas (TV Special). The character then appeared in the television specials Halloween is Grinch Night and The Grinch Grinches The Cat in the Hat. He also was a recurring villain in The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss, an educational show for kids, and had a small part in the Broadway play Seussical. In 2000 a movie was made based on the book. Jim Carrey played the Grinch. And in 2018, another movie based on the book was made, which was "The Grinch". Benedict Cumberbatch plays the Grinch in that one.

The Grinch is a nasty creature who lives high on a mountain with his dog Max. He hates the happy people of Whoville and their Christmas celebrations and goes to Whoville to steal all the presents, decorations, and food. He doesn't think Christmas will come because he has been so mean, but Christmas comes all the same. He realizes that Christmas is more than just presents and decorations. His heart grows three sizes larger. He reforms and returns all the presents and trimmings. The people of Whoville welcome him.

Mortier de 12 Gribeauval

The Mortier de 12 pouces Gribeauval (Gribeauval 12-inch mortar) was a French mortar. It was made using the Gribeauval system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval. It was part of the siege artillery. The measurement of the mortar is given by the diameter of the ball. It is measured using the French ancient system of measurement, in which 1 pouce (1 inch) is equal to 2.707 cm. The Gribeauval system was a new way of making artillery as a single piece of metal and then drilling a bore hole. This meant they could be made much lighter and more accurate.
The Mortier de 12 pouces Gribeauval was first used during the American Revolutionary War from 1780-82. It was used during the Siege of Yorktown in 1781. It was later used in by the French army during the wars that followed the French Revolution and during the Napoleonic Wars.
The Mortier de 12 pouces used a cylindrical chamber. Although this was quite efficient, it used to wear easily. This shape was later replaced by the Gomer system using a conical chamber.

Some of the Mortier de 12 pouces were used for coastal defense, in which case they were fixed on solid metal platforms.

Aerospace Valley

Aerospace Valley is a French group of aerospace engineering companies and research centres. It is in the regions of Occitanie and Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the southwest of France and is mainly concentrated in and around the city of Toulouse.

There are over 500 companies, including Airbus, Dassault Aviation, EADS and Air France Industries. About 120,000 people work there in the aviation and space flight industries.

The headquarters of Aerospace Valley is in Toulouse. The chairman of the group is Agnès Paillard.


Ivry-sur-Seine

Ivry-sur-Seine is a town and commune in the southeast suburb of Paris, France. It is in the Île-de-France region and the Val-de-Marne department. About 56,000 people lived there in 2006.

The engineering schools École spéciale de mécanique et électricité, École supérieure d'informatique, électronique, automatique and Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées are located at Ivry-sur-Seine.
The schools École des technologies numériques appliquées and IONIS School of Technology and Management are also located in the commune.

Doubochinski's pendulum

Doubochinski's pendulum is an experiment with an oscillator and a magnet. The most simple case is that of a pendulum that interacts with an oscillator. The pendulum (with a magnet at the end) will swing at a frequency of one swing per period of 1-2 seconds. A stationary electromagnet is placed under the equilibrium point of the pendulum. The electromagnet is then supplied with an alternating current of a fixed frequency, of between 10 and 10.000 Hz. 
When the pendulum is released at any location, its movement will then evolve to stop at a height which depends on the frequency of the current of the electromagnet. This phenomenon was first discovered by the brothers Danil and Yakov Doubochinski in 1968–69.

Don Pasquale

Don Pasquale is an Italian comic opera in three acts. Gaetano Donizetti wrote the music. Giovanni Ruffini wrote the libretto (story and words).

"Don Pasquale" was the 64th of the 66 operas Donizetti wrote. It is about an old bachelor who wants to marry. The opera was first performed on January 3, 1843 at the Comédie-Italienne in Paris, France.

It was first performed in Italy at La Scala in Milan on April 17, 1843. In London, England, it was first performed on June 29, 1843, and in the United States on January 7, 1845 in New Orleans.




Tierra del Fuego

Tierra del Fuego is an archipelago at the southern tip of South America. The Magellan Strait sepearates it from the South American Mainland. The archipelago consists of a big island, Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego and a number of smaller islands. The land area of the archipelago is 73,746 square kilometers. With about 47,000 square kilometers, Isla Grande takes roughly half of the total land mass. The archipelago and the island are the largest in South America. About 127,000 people live in the part belonging to Argentina. The Argentine part is called Tierra del Fuego Province, the Chilean part is called Magallanes Region. The biggest cities on the main island are Rio Grande with 57,000 people and Ushuaia in the Argentine part, and Porvenir with 5,700 inhabitants and Puerto Williams with 2,300 people in the Chilean part.

Mons Meg

Mons Meg is a mediaeval bombard made in 1449. It is now at Edinburgh Castle, Scotland. In contrast to modern shells, which are explosive, these older cannons fired solid balls. Mons Meg fired balls of iron.

It seems, from the accounts of Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy, that it was made to his order around 1449 and sent as a gift eight years later to King James II of Scotland, with other artillery supplies. Mons Meg weighs , is in length, and has a calibre of . The final cost of the gun was £1,536. 2s.

The bombard was made from long bars of iron, hooped with rings and fused into one mass. The Duke's artillery maker constructed it, and it was tested at Mons, Wallonia, in June 1449. The Duke did not take delivery until 1453. The Duke decided to help the Scots against the English, and sent it to James II. James imported a lot of artillery from continental Europe during his reign. He used it against his enemies in Scotland, such as the Earl of Douglas. James died as a result of an exploding cannon used in the siege of Roxburgh Castle in 1460.

Another story suggests Mons Meg was made in order to help James II in the 1452 siege of Threave Castle in Kirkcudbright, when the Clan MacLellan used it to batter the castle. This version has little support.

The calibre cannon accepted balls that weighed about . It could only be fired 8-10 times a day due to the tremendous heat generated by the huge powder charge. In early years the gun, like the other royal cannon, was painted with red-lead to keep it from rusting. This cost 30 shillings in June 1539. 

From the 1540s Meg was retired from active service and was fired only on ceremonial occasions from Edinburgh Castle, from where shot could be found up to two miles away. When Mons was fired on 3 July 1558, workmen were paid to find and retrieve the shot from Wardie Mure, near the River Forth. The salute marked the marriage of Mary, Queen of Scots to the French Dauphin.

The gun was fired in 1680 to celebrate the arrival of James, Duke of Albany and York, later King James II of England and VII of Scotland. The barrel burst. An English cannoneer had loaded the charge and many Scots believed that the damage was done on purpose, since the English had no cannon as big as this. The incident was also seen as a bad omen for the future King.

The cannon was left outside Foog's Gate at Edinburgh Castle. It was next taken, with other disused ordnance, to the Tower of London in 1754, but was returned to the Castle in 1829, after a campaign by the author Sir Walter Scott. It was restored, and now sits outside St. Margaret's Chapel.

Castelnaudary

Castelnaudary () is a commune in the Aude department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region in southern France.

A campus of the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation university) is located at Castelnaudary.

Schwerer Gustav

Schwerer Gustav (English: "Heavy Gustaf, or Great Gustaf") and Dora were the names of two huge World War II German 80 cm K (E) railway siege guns. 

The two guns were developed in the late 1930s by Krupp, the famous German arms manufacturer. Their purpose was to destroy heavy fortifications, especially in the French Maginot Line. The guns weighed nearly 1,350 tonnes, and could fire shells weighing seven tonnes to a range of .

Although they were intended for World War II, they were not ready for action when the Wehrmacht outflanked the Maginot line by sweeping through the low country (Belgium) to start the Battle of France. However, they were ready in Autumn 1941, after the Wehrmacht invaded the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa). Gustav was used at the siege of Sevastopol in the summer of 1942. By the end of the siege on 4 July the city of Sevastopol lay in ruins, and 30,000 tons of artillery ammunition had been fired. Gustav had fired 48 rounds and worn out its original barrel, which had already fired around 250 rounds during testing and development. The gun was fitted with the spare barrel and the original was sent back to Krupp's factory in Essen for relining.

Both Gustav and Dora were moved to Leningrad, and may have been intended for Warsaw. Gustav was eventually captured by US troops and cut up, whilst Dora was destroyed near the end of the war to avoid capture by the Red Army.

The Schwerer Gustav was the largest calibre rifled weapon in the history of artillery to see actual combat. It fired the heaviest shells of any artillery piece. A few other huge guns were never fired in anger: the French "Monster Mortar" (36 French inches; 975mm), the British Mallet's Mortar (36 inch; 914 mm) and the American Little David mortar (36 inch; 910 mm).

Dominion of Newfoundland

The Dominion of Newfoundland was a British Dominion from 1907 to 1949. It was in northeastern North America along the Atlantic coast. It was made up of the island of Newfoundland and Labrador on the mainland. 

The territory was a British colony until 1907, when it was made a dominion. The Statute of Westminster of 11 December 1931 said that the Dominion of Newfoundland was independent within the British Commonwealth, along with Canada, Ireland, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. But on 16 February 1934 the Newfoundland parliament gave up its self-government, and governance of the dominion went back to being controlled from London. Though governed from overseas, Newfoundland stayed legally a dominion, until it joined Canada in 1949 to become Canada's tenth province.

Type 95 75 mm field gun

The was a field gun of the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). It was used during World War II. 

This artillery piece was planned to replace the Type 38 75 mm field gun and the Type 41 75 mm cavalry gun in front line combat. However, Type 38s continued to be used.

Before World War I, the Imperial Japanese Army mainly had Krupp cannons from Germany. After the Versailles Treaty, the Japanese considered other options including field guns designed by Schneider et Cie from France. 

In 1931, IJA began to use the "Type 90" which was based on Schneider designs; however, the Type 90 was not considered successful.

The Type 95s were simpler and more sturdy than the Type 90s.

Type 95s were used in the Second Sino-Japanese War.



Douglas

Douglas can refer to:


Hamitic

Hamitic theory is a theory that claims that so called "hamitic" race is superior to the negroid races on the African continent. John Hanning Speke started the theory. Karl Richard Lepsius and Carl Meinhof extended the theory: they used languages to classify people into hamitic or non-hamitic; this is no longer done today. 

Another way they classified people into hamitic or non-hamitic is by ethnic roots. Negroid people are perceived as Shemetic as opposed to the Hamitic Ethiopian, Sudanese, and some other West African ethnic groups as attested by the genealogy of ancient ethnic lineages. For example, a person who has ancestry from Rome would be considered closer to a Hamite than a person whose ancestry is in Africa. Ironically, the Hamites include some of the darkest sub-Saharan African groups like the Nilotes that were considered closest to Europeans as opposed to the Chadic sub saharan Africans who share a common RB1 lineage. 
This theory also included giving classes to those members of the negroid races of Africa upon colonization. This, in part, contributed to the Rwandan Genocide, which pinned the members of the Tutsi ethnicity or tribe against the members of the Hutu people, although the tension between them was over small differences.

Muret

Muret (Occitan gascon: "Murèth") is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department, of which it is a subprefecture, in the Occitanie region of southwestern France.

Muret is at about to the south of Toulouse and has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "communes" that are around Muret are Seysses, Roques, Saubens, Villate, Eaunes , Le Fauga, Beaumont-sur-Lèze, Saint-Hilaire, Lherm, Lamasquère, Saint-Clar-de-Rivière and Labastidette.

Muret is on the Garonne river at its confluence with the Louge, which flows northeast through the commune. The Garonne flows north through the commune and forms part of its northern border.

Muret has an oceanic climate with relatively hot summers, mild winters and abundant rainfall, Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The inhabitants of Muret are known, in French, as "Murétains" (women: "Murétaines").

The "commune" of Muret has a population, in 2014, of 24,975; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Muret

Muret is a subprefecture of the Haute-Garonne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Muret and the administrative centre () of the canton of Muret.

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Muretain" ().

Muret is twinned with:

A campus of the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation university) is in Muret.



Biscarosse

Biscarosse is a commune of 12,487 people (2007). It is in the region Aquitaine in the Landes department in the southwest of France.

A campus of the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation university) is located at Biscarosse.

Saint-Yan

Saint-Yan is a commune in eastern France. It lies in the region of Burgundy. Today, about 1.141 people live in the city.

A campus of the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation university) is located at Saint-Yan.


Vices &amp; Virtues

Vices & Virtues is the third full-length studio album from Panic! at the Disco. It was released on March 18, 2011 under Fueled By Ramen and Decaydance Records. The album was produced and mixed by music engineers Butch Walker and John Feldmann. The album peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart and number five on the Billboard Digital Albums chart. The lead single off the album, "The Ballad of Mona Lisa", was released on February 1, 2011. The single peaked at number 84 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The second single off the album, titled "Ready to Go (Get Me Out of My Mind)", was released on June 6, 2011. It peaked at number 14 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.

The album has a different sound than their previous two studio album releases "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" (2005) and "Pretty. Odd." (2008). That is because two group members had left, and because of the amount of time between the releases of "Vices" and "Pretty. Odd." The album has elements from the band's debut album. It has heavy use of synthesizers and guitars. The track "Mona Lisa" returns to the idea of the band's first single "I Write Sins, Not Tragedies", which had heavier guitar and rock influences.

The song "Let's Kill Tonight" was released in the United Kingdom for the band's 2012 "Spring Vices & Virtues Tour". A music video was uploaded on February 10, 2012 on the Fueled By Ramen official YouTube channel with a minute and ten seconds of the band performing the song live in London.

"Vices & Virtues" was released March 22, 2011 in the United States, Brazil, and Canada. It was released on other dates in other countries. The record debuted at number seven on the US "Billboard" 200 albums chart, with first-week sales of 56,000 copies in the United States. This is very different from the group's previous effort, "Pretty. Odd.", which debuted without much commercial attention in 2008, with first-week sales of 139,000. The album also came in at #2 on Neilson SoundScan Alternative Albums chart and #5 on the Digital Albums ranking.



Type 14 105 mm cannon

The , also known as a "10-cm" gun, was a cannon used by the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). It was used during for long-range fire.

This artillery piece was the first medium caliber cannon which was Japanese designed. It the first with a split trail carriage. It was used Imperial Japanese Army but was not considered successful. It was replaced by the Type 92 105 mm cannon.

Before World War I, the Imperial Japanese Army mainly had Krupp cannons from Germany. After the Versailles Treaty, the Japanese considered other options including cannon designed by Schneider et Cie from France.

In 1925, IJA began to use the "Type 14" which was based on Schneider designs; however, the Type 14 was not considered successful.

Type 14s were used for training units in the Japanese home islands.



The Ballad of Mona Lisa

The Ballad of Mona Lisa (shortened as Mona Lisa) is the lead single off the Panic! at the Disco album "Vices & Virtues" released on February 1, 2011 under Fueled By Ramen. The single was produced by Butch Walker and John Feldmann and written by band members frontman Brendon Urie and drummer Spencer Smith. The song peaked at number 84 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 single's chart. The song has received positive critical reviews upon its release.

Ready to Go (Get Me Out of My Mind)

"Ready to Go (Get Me Out of My Mind)" (also known as "Ready to Go") the second single off the album "Vices & Virtues" by American pop rock band Panic! at the Disco. The single is the follow up to the band's previously released single "The Ballad of Mona Lisa". The single was produced by Butch Walker, who produced the majority of the band's "Vices & Virtues" album, and written by frontman Brendon Urie and percussionist Spencer Smith along with co-producer John Feldmann. The single is a branch out statement relative to the group's other well-known songs as this song contains less rock elements and is lacking the group's sound from their previous two albums "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" and "Pretty. Odd." The single peaked at number fourteen on the U.S. Billboard Alternative Songs chart in July of 2011. 

The song was chosen as the opening act for the band's headlining Vices & Virtues U.S. Tour in 2011 duo to its rev-up sound and pop elements. 

The single's music video premiered on YouTube and VEVO on May 2, 2011 on the official Fueled By Ramen YouTube channel. As of February 1, 2012 the video itself, on YouTube, has a round-up tally of 6,000,000 views. 


The Producers (1967 movie)

The Producers is a 1967 American satirical dark comedy cult classic movie written and directed by Mel Brooks. The movie tells the story of a theatrical producer and an accountant who want to produce a Broadway musical, but they want it to fail. They take more money from investors than they need and plan to abscond to Brazil as soon as the play closes, only to see the show turn out to be a hit.

"The Producers" was the first movie directed by Mel Brooks. He won an Academy Award for his screenplay. Decades later, it was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry and placed 11th on the AFI's 100 Years...100 Laughs list. The movie was later remade by Brooks as a successful Broadway stage musical. The musical itself was adapted as a movie in 2005.


MyNetworkTV

MyNetworkTV is an broadcast syndication channel in the United States. It is owned by The Walt Disney Company, and . It is a major network. Their sisters channels is Fox and ABC.

List of programs broadcast by MyNetworkTV


List of programs broadcast by MyNetworkTV
















Meu Bem Querer

Meu Bem Querer ("My Wishing Well") is a Brazilian historical telenovela. It was first shown in 1998. The series starred Murilo Benício, Alessandra Negrini, Leonardo Brício and Flávia Alessandra.

Infantry gun

Infantry guns are artillery weapons for the use of infantry units. The designs usually have short barrels which fire a low speed shell. They are lightly built so they are easy to moved around on the battlefield. Very few infantry guns are still used by infantry units. They have been replaced by grenade launchers, light anti-tank weapons and heavier wire-guided missiles. Pack guns are similar to an infantry gun, but mean those guns that are meant to be taken apart for movement. Mountain guns are infantry guns designed for use during mountain combat. Airborne guns are those designed for use by paratroopers. They are easy to move and lighter weight when compared to field guns.

Infantry guns were the first type of artillery used by armed forces, first in China, and later brought to Europe by the Mongol invasion. At first they were simple cast barrels called "pots de fer" in French, or "vasi" in Italian. These weapons were small, immobile, and fired large bolts or quarrels. As the barrels became longer, a way had to be found to move the guns. This led to two different solutions. One was the very light hand-gun, which became the arquebus. The other was to place the gun on wheeled carriages, such as the 2-pounder Culvern moyane, the 1-pounder Falcon, and the 3/4-pounder Falconet. These lighter Renaissance pieces led to the development of the 3-pounder and 4-pounder regimental guns of the 17th century, notably in the army of Gustavus Adolphus. The light field guns of the 17th century, known as a "drake" in England, came in almost 100 different calibres. Each had its own name, some of which were:

The saker and falcon had ranges of 360 and 320 yards if fired straight at the target, and 2,170 and 1,920 yards if fired in an upward arc.

Although oxen were used to pull the heavier field and siege guns, some on wagons rather than limbers, they were too slow to keep up with the infantr. Horses were used to pull the lighter pieces, leading to the development of the artillery carriage and horse team that survived until the late 19th century.


L'elisir d'amore

L'elisir d'amore () is an Italian comic opera in two acts. The music was written by Gaetano Donizetti. Felice Romani wrote the libretto, after Eugène Scribe's libretto for Daniel Auber's "Le philtre" (1831).

The opera was first performed at the Teatro della Canobbiana, Milan, Italy on May 12, 1832. "L'elisir d'amore" is number 12 on the Operabase list of the most performed operas in the world. The aria "Una furtiva lagrima" () is very famous. In 1840, Richard Wagner arranged the opera for piano. W. S. Gilbert wrote a parody of the opera called "Dulcamara, or the Little Duck and the Great Quack" in 1866.

Nemorino, a poor peasant, is in love with Adina, a beautiful landowner. She torments him with her seeming indifference. When Nemorino hears Adina reading to her workers the story of Tristan and Isolde, he considers using a magic potion to gain Adina's love. He is afraid she loves Sergeant Belcore. The Sergeant appears with his regiment. He proposes marriage to Adina. The traveling quack salesman, Dulcamara arrives, selling his bottled cure-all to the townspeople. Nemorino asks Dulcamara if he has anything like Isolde's love potion. Dulcamara says he does. He sells it to Nemorino at a price matching the contents of Nemorino's pockets. The bottle contains only wine. In order to make a timely escape, Dulcamara tells Nemorino the potion will not take effect until the next day. Nemorino drinks it, feeling its effects immediately.

Emboldened by the 'elixir' Nemorino encounters Adina. She teases him mercilessly, the audience senses that the attraction might be mutual, were it not for the marriage proposal of the Sergeant Belcore. In fact, their wedding date has been set for six days hence. Nemorino's confidence that tomorrow he will win Adina by virtue of the elixir, causes him to act indifferently toward her. This upsets Adina, but she attempts to hide her feelings. Instead, she ups the ante as well by agreeing to Sergeant Belcore's alternate suggestion: that they marry immediately as he has just received orders that the regiment must ship off the next morning. Both Adina and the Sergeant gauge Nemorino's reaction to this news, the Sergeant with resentment, Adina with despair. Nemorino panics, and cries out for Doctor Dulcamara to come to his aid.

Adina's outdoor wedding party is in full swing. Dr. Dulcamara is there, and performs a song with Adina to entertain the guests. The notary arrives to make the marriage official. Adina is sad to see that Nemorino has not appeared. Everyone goes inside to sign the wedding contract. But Dulcamara stays outside, helping himself to food and drink. Nemorino appears, having seen the notary, realizes that he has lost Adina. He sees the Doctor and frantically begs him for more elixir, of the type that will work immediately. But because Nemorino has no money, the Doctor refuses, disappearing inside. The Sergeant emerges, alone, wondering aloud why Adina has suddenly put off the wedding and the signing of the contract. Nemorino spots his rival, but is powerless to do anything. The Sergeant asks about Nemorino's dejection. When Nemorino says he has no money Belcore immediately suggests that if he joins the army he'll be paid immediately. He produces a contract, which Nemorino signs (with an X) in return for the cash Belcore gives him on the spot. Nemorino privately vows to fly to Dulcamara for more potion, while Belcore muses that he has easily dispatched of his rival by sending him off to war.

Later that evening the women of the village are gossiping that Nemorino is unaware that he has just inherited a large fortune from his deceased uncle. They spot Nemorino, who has clearly spent his military signing bonus, and has bought and consumed a large amount of 'elixir' (wine again) from Dr. Dulcamara. The women approach Nemorino with overly friendly greetings, the likes of which he has never seen. This is proof to Nemorino that this dose of the elixir has worked. Adina sees Nemorino in a jolly mood and, encountering Dr. Dulcamara, wonders what has gotten into him. Dulcamara, unaware that Adina is the object of Nemorino's affection, tells her the story of the smitten bumpkin who spent his last penny on the elixir, and even signed his life away, joining the army for money to get more, so desperate was he to win the love of some unnamed cruel beauty. Adina immediately realizes Nemorino's sincerity, and regrets teasing him. She falls for Nemorino, basking in the sincerity of his love. Dulcamara interprets this behavior as some sort of condition requiring a cure by one of his potions.

They depart. Nemorino appears alone, pensive, reflecting on a tear he saw in Adina's eye when he was ignoring her earlier. Based on that tear alone, he is sincerely convinced that Adina loves him. She enters, asking him why he has chosen to join the army and leave the town. When Nemorino says he's seeking a better life, Adina responds by telling him he is loved, and that she has purchased his military contract from Sergeant Belcore. She offers the cancelled contract to Nemorino, asking him to take it. He is free now. She says, however, that if he stays, he will no longer be sad. As he takes the contract Adina turns to leave. Nemorino believes she is abandoning him and flies in to a desperate fit, vowing that if he is not loved, if the elixir has not worked, and the Doctor has fooled him, then he might as well go off and die a soldier. Adina stops him and confesses that she loves him. Nemorino is ecstatic. Adina begs him to forgive her for teasing him. He does so with a kiss. The sergeant returns, seeing the two in an embrace. Adina explains that she loves Nemorino. The Sergeant takes the news in stride, noting that there are plenty of other women in the world. Dulcamara, his bags packed, pops out of a doorway, adding that he will happily provide elixir for the Sergeant's next conquest. A crowd has gathered by now, all agreeing that the elixir has done its job as they bid a fond farewell to the doctor.


Giacomo Leopardi

Giacomo Leopardi (Recanati June 29, 1798 – Naples June 14, 1837) was an Italian poet, essayist, philosopher, and philologist. He is considered one of the greatest poets of the 19th century. 
Even if he lived in a secluded town in the ultra-conservative Papal States, he came in touch with the main thoughts of the Enlightenment, and, by his own literary evolution, created a remarkable, renowned and pessimist poetic work,the Infinite

Good Night

"Good Night" is the first episode of Season 1 of The Simpsons shorts. It was first shown on television on April 19, 1987.

Homer and Marge Simpson say good night to their children, Bart, Lisa and Maggie Simpson, but actually scare them with sayings they have not heard of.

Homer says good night to his son Bart, but then he asks questions about the mind. Homer tells Bart to relax, and makes a joke about mind and matter. Bart is still scared when the lights are turned off.

In Lisa's bedroom, Marge is good night to her daughter Lisa. After a few sentences, she uses the saying "don't let the bed bugs bite". This scares Lisa as well.

In Maggie's bedroom, Marge sings the lullaby "Rock-a-bye Baby", but in Maggie's thoughts she sees herself falling from a tree. Maggie becomes scared from this thought like Bart and Lisa.

In Marge and Homer's bedroom, they say good night to each other thinking they must be the best parents ever. Then Bart, Lisa and Maggie come in the room quickly, and start shouting and complaining. Marge tells them to come into bed with them to make them feel safer, and they go to sleep. Maggie is last, saying "Good night".

This is one of Maggie's small amount of words she has said in The Simpsons.

Brookesia micra

Brookesia micra is, , the smallest known species of chameleon in the world. It is small enough to stand on the head of a match. It can grow up to in length.

Airdrie, Alberta

Airdrie is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. The population of Airdrie was 42,564 in 2011. The mayor of Airdrie is Peter Brown. The city was first established as a railway village in 1889 during the construction of the Calgary and Edmonton Railway and is named after Airdrie, Scotland.


United States men's national ice hockey team

The United States men's national ice hockey team is the national ice hockey team of the United States, based in Colorado Springs, Colorado and Ann Arbor, Michigan. The team is controlled by USA Hockey.

Type 92 105 mm cannon

, also known as a "10-cm" gun, was a cannon of the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). It was used during World War II. 

This artillery piece was used during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II.

It was intended to supersede the Type 14 105 mm cannon in front line combat service.

A Type 92 prototype was completed in 1932. Less than 200 Type92s were made.

The cannon was first used in combat at the Battle of Nomonhan.

In 1942, it was used during the Bataan and Corregidor Island.

On Guadalcanal, the US Marines called these guns "Pistol Petes".



Yamato, Kanagawa

Yamato () is a city in central Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.

It has been recognized as a special city since 2000.

Yamato is in the plains of north-central Kanagawa Prefecture. 



Yamaguchi Prefecture

The area of Yamaguchi Prefecture includes the old provinces of Suō and Nagato.

Yamaguchi is at the southern end of Honshū. The Sea of Japan forms its northern coastline; and the Seto Inland Sea is on its southern coast. Its northeastern border meets Shimane Prefecture and Hiroshima Prefecture.

There are 13 cities in Yamaguchi, including
National Parks are established in about 7% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Tamanoya jinja" and "Sumiyoshi jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 



List of infantry guns

Infantry guns are designed to give direct support for infantry forces. They fire a range of shells, usually directly at their target. Most are lightweight and can be manhandled for limited mobility to accompany infantry.

Self-propelled infantry guns named Assault guns are guns mounted in armored vehicles designed to provide direct fire support for infantry and armored forces. Typically, the gun is mounted in the hull and the front of the vehicle most heavily armored.

Nocturnal enuresis

Nocturnal enuresis, also called bedwetting, is a health issue that is often caused by or the symptom of certain health troubles. It happens when a person involuntarily urinates while he or she is asleep. Sometimes people suffering from bedwetting use diapers. Usually this issue is common in newborns and children. 

Orion nebula

The Orion nebula, or Messier 42, M42, or NGC 1976, is a diffuse nebula. It is visible to the naked eye in the night sky. It is exceptionally bright because it has O-type stars at its core. They are the hottest and brightest stars. The nebula is south of Orion's Belt in the constellation of Orion.

M42 is 1,344 ± 20 light years away from us. It is the closest region of massive star formation to Earth. Big as it is, the Orion nebula is just part of an even larger star-forming area known as the Orion complex.

The nebula is a huge stellar nursery. 700 stars are in the process of forming there. At its heart is a very young open cluster, known as the Trapezium because of the pattern formed by its main stars. 

Recent observations with the Hubble Space Telescope have shown protoplanetary disks inside the Orion Nebula. This is a major discovery. They are called "proplyds" for short. There are more than 150 of these in the nebula. They are thought to be to be systems in the earliest stages of planetary system formation. The sheer numbers have been used as evidence that the formation of star systems is fairly common in the universe.

Stars form when clumps of hydrogen and other gases in an H II region contract under their own gravity. As the gas collapses, the central clump grows stronger and the gas heats to extreme temperatures by converting gravitational potential energy to thermal energy. If the temperature gets high enough, nuclear fusion will start, and form a protostar. The protostar is 'born' when it begins to emit enough energy to balance out its gravity and halt gravitational collapse.

Calgary Hitmen

The Calgary Hitmen are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1995. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Calgary, Alberta at the Scotiabank Saddledome. The teams name pays homage to the nickname of retired professional wrestler Bret Hart. Hart was also a founding member of the Hitmen along with NHL players Theoren Fleury and Joe Sakic. The team has won 2 Ed Chynoweth Cups.


Bulacan

Bulacan is a province in the Philippines. Its capital is Malolos City. It is in the northern island of Luzon. It is surrounded by the province of Pampanga in the west; Nueva Ecija in the north; Aurora and Quezon in the east; and Metro Manila in the south. 

It is an historic place in the Philippines. Many Filipino heroes and political persons come from Bulacan. It was also the former seat of the national government.

Bulacan is divided into 4 cities and 20 municipalities (towns) as of December 17, 2022:



Everett Silvertips

The Everett Silvertips are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 2003. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Everett, Washington at the Comcast Arena at Everett. The team is named after the Silvertip bear. The team has won division titles in the 2003–04, 2005–06, 2006–2007 seasons, a conference title in the 2003-04 season and a regular season title in the 2006–0


Edmonton Oil Kings

The Edmonton Oil Kings are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 2007. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Edmonton, Alberta at the Rexall Place.


Lethbridge Hurricanes

The Lethbridge Hurricanes are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1987. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Lethbridge, Alberta at the ENMAX Centre. The team was known as the "Winnipeg Jets" from 1967–73, the "Winnipeg Clubs" from 1973–76, the "Winnipeg Monarchs" from 1976–77 and the "Calgary Wranglers" from 1977–87. They have won 1 Ed Chynoweth Cup in the 1996-97 season.


Chocolate Rain

"Chocolate Rain" is a song and music video by Tay Zonday. After being posted on YouTube on April 22, 2007, the song quickly became popular.


CTV Television Network

CTV Television Network (commonly referred to as CTV) is a Canadian English-language television network.

CTV has many TV stations around Canada. Some of them include:


Since the 2007 acquisition of A Channel by CTVglobemedia as part of the takeover of CHUM Limited, media analysts had speculated that CTV may potentially extend its market-leading CTV brand to that network. It was first rebranded as A in 2008, then as CTV Two on August 29, 2011.

Viral video

A viral video is a video that becomes popular through the process of Internet sharing, usually through video sharing websites, social media and email.

Kootenay Ice

The Kootenay Ice were a Canadian professional ice hockey team that played from 1998 until 2019. They played in the Western Hockey League (WHL). They played their home games in Cranbrook, British Columbia at the Western Financial Place. The team was originally known as the "Edmonton Ice" from 1996 to 1998 before it moved to Cranbrook in 1998. The team won 1 Memorial Cup in 2002 and 3 Ed Chynoweth Cups in the 1999-00, 2001-02 and 2010-11 seasons.

On January 29, 2019, the Ice said they would be moving to Winnipeg. They moved at the end of the 2018-19 season.


Medicine Hat Tigers

The Medicine Hat Tigers are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1970. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Medicine Hat, Alberta at the Medicine Hat Arena. The Tigers have won two national Memorial Cups, five WHL League Championships and seven Division Titles.


Red Deer Rebels

The Red Deer Rebels are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1992. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Red Deer, Alberta at the ENMAX Centrium. The Tigers have won one Memorial Cup, one WHL League Championships, three Division Titles and two regular season titles.


Red Deer, Alberta

Red Deer is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. The population of Red Deer was 90,564 in 2011. The mayor of Red Deer is Morris Flewwelling.


Dungeon

A dungeon is a room or cell in a castle to keep prisoners. Most dungeons are underground, others are high up in towers.

An oubliette is a type of dungeon that can be entered by using a trapdoor in the ceiling. People were thrown into an oubliette from the ceiling and left there to starve or dehydrate to death, making it akin to immurement.

La fille du regiment

The Daughter of the Regiment () is a comic opera in two acts. The French libretto was written by Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges and Jean-François Bayard. The music was composed by Gaetano Donizetti. The opera is famous for the tenor aria ""Ah! mes amis, quel jour de fête!"" It features nine high Cs. The opera was first performed on 11 February 1840 by the Paris Opéra-Comique at the Salle de la Bourse. It was performed at the Metropolitan Opera in 1902/03. The role of Marie was a favorite with Jenny Lind.


The Marquise of Berkenfeld and her butler, Hortensius, are on their way to Austria. They pause in their journey because a skirmish has broken out. The Marquise learns that the French troops have retreated. She comments on the rude manners of the French people (""Pour une femme de mon nom""). The sergeant of the 21st regiment, Sulpice, assures everyone that his men will restore peace and order. He is joined by Marie, the "daughter" of the regiment. She is an orphan and was adopted by the soldiers. Sulpice questions her about a young man she has been seen with. She explains that he is Tonio, a Tyrolean who once saved her life. Troops of the 21st arrive with a prisoner. It is Tonio. He has been looking for Marie. She steps in to save him. He toasts his new friends, and Marie sings the regimental song (""Chacun le sait""). Tonio is ordered to follow the soldiers. He escapes and returns to declare his love to Marie. Sulpice surprises them. Marie must admit to Tonio that she can marry only a soldier of the 21st.

The Marquise asks Sulpice for an escort to her castle. When Sulpice hears the name Berkenfeld, he remembers a letter he found near the young Marie on the battlefield. The Marquise soon admits that she knew the girl's father. She says that Marie is the long-lost daughter of her sister. The child had been left in the care of the Marquise, but was lost. She is shocked by the girl's rough manners. She decides to take her niece to her castle and give her a proper education. Tonio has enlisted so that he can marry Marie (""Ah, mes amis""). But Marie has to leave both her regiment and the man she loves (""Il faut partir"").

The Marquise has arranged a marriage between Marie and the Duke of Krakenthorp. At the Marquise's castle, Sulpice is recovering from an injury. He is supposed to be helping the Marquise with her plans. The Marquise gives Marie a singing lesson. Marie slips in phrases of the regimental song with Sulpice's encouragemment. The Marquise loses her temper (Trio: ""Le jour naissait dans la bocage"").

Marie is left alone. She thinks money and position are meaningless (""Par le rang et l'opulence""). She hears soldiers marching in the distance. She is delighted when the whole regiment files into the room. She leads them in singing a patriotic tribute (""Salut à la France""). Marie is reunited with Tonio. Tonio asks for Marie's hand in marriage. The Marquise is unmoved by the young man's declaration that Marie is his whole life (""Pour me rapprocher de Marie""). She says her niece is engaged to another man. She dismisses Tonio. The Marquise and Sulpice are left alon. She confesses the truth: Marie is her illegitimate daughter. She abandoned Marie long ago, fearing social disgrace.

Hortensius announces the arrival of the wedding party. It is led by the groom's mother, the Duchess of Krakenthorp. Marie refuses to leave her room. Sulpice tells her that the Marquise is her mother. The surprised girl says she cannot go against her mother's wishes. She agrees to marry a man that she does not love. She is about to sign the marriage contract when the soldiers of the 21st, led by Tonio, storm in to rescue their "daughter". The guests are horrified to learn that Marie was a canteen girl. They change their opinion when she tells them that she can never repay the debt she owes the soldiers. The Marquise is so moved by her daughter's goodness of heart that she gives her permission to marry Tonio. Everyone joins in a final ""Salut à la France"".


Atypical depression

Atypical depression is a subtype of major depression and dysthymia, sharing certain symptoms for both, though it is also marked with mood reactivity (having improved moods during positive events). Atypical depression is also associated with too much sleeping and excessive eating.

Salvatore Cammarano

Salvatore Cammarano (also Salvadore) (19 March 1801 – 17 July 1852) was an Italian librettist and playwright. He is probably best known for writing the text of "Lucia di Lammermoor" (1835) for Gaetano Donizetti. He was born and died in Naples.

For Donizetti he also wrote "L'assedio di Calais" (1836), "Belisario" (1836), "Pia de' Tolomei" (1837), "Roberto Devereux" (1837), "Maria de Rudenz" (1838), "Poliuto" (1838), and "Maria di Rohan" (1843). For Giuseppe Persiani he wrote "Ines de Castro".

For Verdi he wrote "Alzira" (1845), "La battaglia di Legnano" (1849) and "Luisa Miller" (1849). He had almost finished his libretto for "Il trovatore" (1853) when he died in July 1852. It was completed by Leone Emanuele Bardare. Cammarano started a libretto for William Shakespeare's "King Lear", named "Re Lear". He died before completing it. A scenario survives.



Tuenti

Tuenti is a mobile operator brand owned by the Spanish company Tuenti Technologies, S.L.U. Telefónica bought 100% of the company back in 2011.

Before, Tuenti was also the most popular social network in Spain between 2009 and 2012 with up 15 million registered users.

Tuenti works in Spain as a full virtual mobile operator (MVNO) using Telefónica's mobile network. Tuenti was launched by Telefónica in Latin-America in 2014 as a whole new brand.

Sofía Vergara

Sofía Margarita Vergara Vergara (born July 10, 1972) is a Colombian-born American actress, comedian, television host and model. 

She is best known for her role on the ABC comedy series "Modern Family" as "Gloria Delgado-Pritchett", for which she was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards, two Primetime Emmy Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards for Best Comedy Actress. Her first big English role was 2002 film "Big Trouble". 

As of 2020, Vergara has been one of the celebrity judges on the talent show "America's Got Talent".

Pruchnik

Pruchnik is a town in the east of Poland. It is in Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship about 17 kilometres from the town of Jarosław.

LGBT rights in the State of Palestine

In the Palestinian territories there are no laws that specifically protect LGBT people from discrimination (not being treated equally because they are LGBT) or harassment. However, the Basic Law of the Palestinian Constitution claims to give all Palestinians certain freedoms. It covers freedom of belief, freedom of expression, and freedom of bodily integrity. It also gives Palestinians freedom from discrimination "because of race, sex, color, religion, political views, or disability". The Basic Law also protects people's human rights. In other countries, people have used these types of laws and freedoms to argue that LGBT rights should exist. However, hundreds of gay Palestinians have left and moved to Israel because they did not feel welcome or safe in Palestinian-ruled areas.

Homosexuality is still illegal in parts of the Palestine-occupied Israeli territories. In 1951, same-sex acts were decriminalized in Judea and Samaria, which was occupied by Jordan. In the Gaza Strip, same-sex acts between men were made illegal in 1936, by the British Mandate Criminal Code Ordinance, No. 74. This law is still in place, so same-sex acts between men are still illegal there. Lesbian women are not covered by this law. 

In the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Palestinian Authority has not made laws either for or against homosexuality. Instead, the President of the Palestinian Authority decided to keep the laws that were already in place in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. On May 20, 1994, he ruled that laws that took effect before June 5, 1967 in these areas would not be changed. The laws are also more complicated because the Palestinian territories have been ruled by many different foreign powers, like the Ottoman Empire, the British Empire, Jordan, and Egypt. Each of these foreign powers, along with Israel, created their own laws for the Palestinian-occupied Israeli territories. Because of the many different laws that have been in place there, the legal situation in the territories is confusing. Sometimes, the criminal law about homosexuality is used in the territories. At other times it isnt. It can be different in the different territories. 

Vladivostok

Vladivostok () is a city on the Pacific Ocean shore of the Russian Far East. Vladivostok was founded on 2 July 1860. The east end of the Trans-Siberian railway is there. The city is the home of the Russian Pacific Fleet. The population of the city at the census of 2019 was 605,049. The highest point of historical part of Vladivostok is Eagle's Nest Hill (199 m), but the highest point of Vladivostok City District is unnamed mountain named by citizens as Blue Hill (474 m). 

Vladivostok was controlled by the Russian Empire from 1860-1917, ruled by Tsar Alexander II,Tsar Alexander III of Russia and Tsar Nicholas II. British, Japanese, and other foreign intervention forces controlled the city during the Russian Civil War. Bolshevik Red Army forces of the Soviet Union took control in 1922 and the Russian Federation has ruled it since 1991. It is the main economic and cultural center of the Russian Far East and an important tourism destination. 

Cathy Cassidy

Cathy Cassidy (born 13 June 1962) is an English author of teenage books mainly based on domestic fiction. At the age of eight she wrote her first picture book for her brother, Jake. During her childhood, Cathy loved to create comics. She would often rent out comics to her friends for 5 pence, claim them back and then rent them out again to someone else.

Cathy attended an art college in Liverpool as a young adult. After passing her degree, Cathy worked for the "Jackie" Magazine, as a fiction editor. Cathy has taught as an art teacher in a number of schools - 7 primary and some secondary. She illustrates many of her books and has done so for all her books in a series of Daisy Star.

Cassidy lives in Galloway, Scotland, with her husband Liam and her two children, Caitlin (aged 17) and Calum (aged 19). Cathy has been a veggie for 35 years and a vegan for eight of them. She has a lurcher, named Kelpie, who inspired the dog Legg-It in "Dizzy", her first book.

Cathy Cassidy has currently written fourteen books. Her first book was Dizzy published in 2004, followed on by Indigo Blue, published in 2005. At the age of 50, Cathy Cassidy's last books were Marshmallow Skye and The Chocolate Box Girls.


She has also written three mini-books:

Cathy is also currently writing three new additions to the "Chocolate Box Girls" series, named:
'Summer's Dream', 'Coco Caramel' and 'Sweet Honey', based on the other Tanberry sisters. The plots for 'Coco Caramel' and 'Sweet Honey' have not been confirmed yet, however, 'Summer's Dream' plot has been confirmed.


French Revolutionary Wars

The French Revolutionary Wars are conflicts between 1792 and 1802 that started by the French Revolution in which France fought Britain, Austria, Prussia, Russia and several other countries that were called monarchies. There are (mostly) two conflicts: the War of the First Coalition (1792–1797) and the War of the Second Coalition (1798–1802). The fighting was at first mainly in Europe but then spread across the world. After ten years of fighting, France took much land from what is now Italy, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Germany and gave up Louisiana, which is now in the United States and Canada. Because France won the wars, it spread revolutionary ideas across much of Europe. 

The French Revolution removed the King of France, King Louis XVI, from power. As early as 1791, the other monarchies of Europe hated the French Revolution and wondered if they should intervene to stop the revolution from spreading, or they should take advantage of the disorder in France. Austria put many troops next to its French border and, together with Prussia, threatened France if it hurt King Louis and his wife, Queen Marie Antoinette in the Declaration of Pillnitz. After Austria refused to move its troops away from the French border or to stop threatening France, a French declaration of war on Austria and Prussia happened in the spring of 1792. both countries then invaded France, but France won the Battle of Valmy in September. The victory gave the National Convention, a new French government, the confidence to get rid of the monarchy. France won more battles but was stopped after it was defeated at Neerwinden, now in Belgium, in the spring of 1793. France lost more battles for the rest of the year, and the difficult times allowed the Jacobins to rise to power and start the Reign of Terror, which killed people who opposed the revolution. 

In 1794, the situation was very good for France, which won huge battles against the Austrians and the Spanish. That started a new stage in the wars. By 1795, the French took land in much of present-day Belgium from Austria and land in much of the present-day Netherlands from the Dutch. France also made Spain and Prussia sign peace treaties to end the war. A general, Napoleon Bonaparte, who was mostly unknown, began his first campaign in Italy in April 1796. In less than a year, he led French armies that destroyed the Habsburg forces, kicked them out of Italy, won almost every battle and took 150,000 prisoners. After France started to get near Vienna, the capital of Austria, the Austrians surrendered and ended the War of the First Coalition against France. 

The War of the Second Coalition began in 1798 after Napoleon invaded Egypt. The other countries took advantage of Napoleon being far away to take back lost land taken by France. The war began well for them in Europe, and they kicked France out of Italy, invaded Switzerland and won many battles along the way. However, they quickly started to lose after France won a battle at Zürich in September 1799, which made Russia stop fighting. Meanwhile, Napoleon destroyed many Egyptian and Ottoman armies. Napoleon's victories in Egypt made him more popular back in France, and he returned home successful in the autumn of 1799 although he had failed his goal in Egypt. Also, thr Royal Navy had won the Battle of the Nile in 1798, which gave Britain more powerful control of the Mediterranean and weakened the French Navy. 

Napoleon overthrew the Directory, the government of France, in a coup after he had arrived in France. He became a dictator with the title of First Consul. Napoleon then reorganised the French Army and attacked the Austrians in Italy during the spring of 1800. France won the Battle of Marengo in June 1800, which madeAustria leave Italy once again. 

France won again at Hohenlinden, Bavaria, and made Austria surrender for a second time after the signing of the Treaty of Lunéville in 1801. Britain was alone after Austria and Russia stopped fightin, and agreed to the Treaty of Amiens with France in 1802, which ended the Revolutionary Wars. However, both countries still hated each other, and the Napoleonic Wars began over a year later after the Third Coalition had been formed. 

Raoul Wallenberg

Raoul Gustaf Wallenberg (4 August 1912 – disappeared 17 January 1945) was a Swedish businessman and diplomat. He helped save about 100,000 Hungarian Jews from being killed by the Nazis in 1944, during the Holocaust in World War II. He often risked his life, and later won worldwide admiration for his heroic eforts.

Wallenberg was born in Kapptsta, near Stockholm. He was a member of a prominent family of bankers and industrialists. He visited Hungary on business in the early 1940s, during World War II. Wallenberg became increasingly disturbed by the plans of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler to kill all the Jews of Europe. In 1944, the World Jewish Congress and the American War Refugee Board asked Wallennberg to help and he agreed to go to Hungary to save the remaining Jews there.

The Swedish government sent Wallenberg to serve as a diplomat in Budapest, Hungary's capital. He gave Swedish passports to about 20,000 Jews, allowing them to ask for the protection of the neutral Swedish government. He also protected Jews in houses he bought or rented with his own money or money from the groups that had sent him. Wallenberg, a Lutheran, was assisted by Roman Catholic and other non-Jewish leaders.

Adolf Eichmann, a Nazi official who directed the sending of Jews to concentration camps, ordered Wallenberg to stop interfering with German plans for the Jews. Wallenberg said no. Eichmann tried to have Wallenberg killed, but he was not killed. In the final days before the liberation of Budapest by Soviet soldiers, Wallenberg persuaded the Nazis to stop a plan to kill 70,000 Jews who were forced to live in a ghetto (separated part) of the city.

In January 1945, Soviet forces arrested Wallenberg. They apparently believed he was an American spy. In 1957, the Soviet government reported that Wallenberg had died of a heart attack in prison in 1947. But several people said that they saw him alive in Soviet prisons and hospitals after 1947.

In 1981, the United States Congress made Wallenberg an honorary U.S. citizen.


Type 98 320 mm mortar

, also known as a "32-cm" gun, was a mortar of the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). It is an example of a type of artillery called "spigot mortars".

This artillery piece was used by the Japanese military during World War II.

During World War II, the IJA had 12 Type 98s at the Battle of Iwo Jima.

The Type 98 mortars were also used on Okinawa.



Type 92 battalion gun

The was a howitzer of the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA).

Each infantry battalion was issued Type 92s. For this reason, Type 92s were called .

The Type 92 was available to front line divisions by 1932.

This artillery piece was used by the Imperial Japanese Army during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II.



Bernhard Riemann

Georg Friedrich Bernhard Riemann (17 September 1826 near Hanover 20 July 1866 Selasca, Italy) was a German mathematician. He had a short life and did not write down very much about his discoveries, but the things he discovered were all extremely important and had a revolutionary effect on mathematics. He contributed to many fields of mathematics, such as analysis, geometry, mathematical physics and number theory. Today, many people see him as a great mathematician. He was among the first mathematicians that worked on complex analysis. The kind of geometry he started (which is called Riemannian geometry today) is one of the bases of the theory of relativity, developed by Albert Einstein.

Bernhard Riemann was the second child in a family of six children. His father was a Lutheran pastor. The family was very poor and did not have much to eat. Several of the children died, and Bernhard always had poor health. His parents were loving, but he was a very shy boy. Later in life he had to try very hard to be brave enough to speak in public. His father was one of his first teachers. The young boy was very keen to learn about everything. When he was ten he had a specialist maths teacher, but he was often better at maths than his teacher. When he was 14, he went to Hanover where he lived with his grandmother so that he could go to a Gymnasium school. His father wanted him to be a priest, but Bernhard was much too shy to preach to people. In the end he let him study maths.

There is a well-known story from Riemann’s school days. The school director excused him from maths lessons because the lessons were much too easy for him. Bernhard asked the director whether he could borrow a difficult maths book to read, so the director lent him "Théorie des Nombres" (Theory of Numbers) by . This was a huge book with maths that was so difficult that only a few people in the world would have understood it all. The director was disappointed when the boy brought the book back after only six days. He asked him how far he had got. The boy said he had read the whole book. This was true, and he had understood and remembered it all. Later in life, when Riemann was 33, he developed the famous Riemann hypothesis. This was an article that was only 8 pages long, but he developed his idea from what Legendre had written. Mathematicians ever since have struggled to try to prove what Riemann wrote.

Riemann studied at the universities of Göttingen and Berlin. During his student days he was developing ideas that were to become very important to modern mathematical physics. In 1851 he got his doctorate for a dissertation called "Foundations for a General Theory of Functions of a Complex Variable". This was to become very useful in topology which deals with position and place. When he became lecturer at Göttingen he had to offer three lectures from which the professors would choose one. One of the professors was Carl Friedrich Gauss who was one of the greatest mathematicians who ever lived. Gauss asked him to talk about "On the Hypotheses that form the foundations of Geometry". Gauss himself had worked on this subject. Riemann was terribly nervous about lecturing on this subject in front of the famous Gauss. When he gave the lecture, it became one of the most famous events in the history of mathematics. Gauss did not often give praise to younger mathematicians, but he was very enthusiastic. Riemann’s ideas made it possible for Einstein to develop his theory of relativity more than half a century later.

At first Riemann had no salary. He depended on fees from the students. After four years he was given a small salary. In 1857 he became associate professor and in 1859 full professor, succeeding Dirichlet who had succeeded Gauss four years earlier. Riemann suffered from bad health. Overwork often resulted in periods of depression. There were many deaths in his family, but he worked very hard and made several discoveries that are now named after him. He was becoming very famous. On a visit to Berlin Borchardt, Kummer, Kronecker and Weierstraß - all very famous mathematicians - showered him with praise. He went to Paris where he met who greatly admired him. He was honoured by the Royal Society of London and the French Academy of Sciences.

He married and for a short time he was happy. Then he became ill. He suffered from pleurisy and made several visits to Italy for his health. He died in Selasca on Lago Maggiore aged 39.


Livius Andronicus

Livius Andronicus (died between 207 and 200 BC) was a Greek author who is seen as the first Ancient Roman poet. He was probably an actor, and grew up in the Greek city Tarentum. Scholars think he was captured as a prisoner of war and taken to Rome as a slave. He was later freed, so they called him a freedman. His first language was Greek and scholars think he learned Latin after coming to Rome. His most famous work is the Odusia, a translation of the Odyssey into Latin.

Type 91 105 mm howitzer

The , also known as a "10-cm" gun, was a howitzer used by the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). 

Type 91s began to be made in 1931. 

Type 91 howitzers were used in the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II.



Regina Pats

The Regina Pats are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1917. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Regina, Saskatchewan at the Brandt Centre. They are the oldest major junior hockey franchise in the world that has continuously operated from their original location and still uses the same name. Baseball player Nyjer Morgan played 7 games with the Pats in the 1999-2000 season and registered 2 goals and 20 penalty minutes.


Saskatoon Blades

The Saskatoon Blades are a Canadian professional junior ice hockey team that began playing in 1964. They play in the Western Hockey League. The Blades are the longest team to stay in the WHL in the 48-year history of the League.

They play their home games in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan at the 15,195 seat SaskTel Centre. They were originally founded in 1964 to be a part of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League but transferred leagues when the Western Hockey League was founded in 1966. They have never won the Ed Chynoweth Cup.


Type 4 150 mm howitzer

The , also known as a "15-cm" gun, was a field gun used by the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). It

Type 4 was available to IJA forces after 1915.

This artillery piece was used during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II. This gun was designed to be moved by horses; and it continued to be used until 1945.

Type 4s were used by the IJA on Saipan in World War II.



Swift Current Broncos

The Swift Current Broncos are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1964. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Swift Current, Saskatchewan at the Credit Union iPlex. The team moved to Lethbridge in 1974 and became the Lethbridge Broncos. The played 12 seasons in Lethbridge before moving back to Swift Current in 1986. On December 30, 1986, the team's bus crashed on the way to Regina and four players died. The four players had their jerseys retired and had a trophy named after them which is awarded to the league's Player of the Year. The team still wears a commemorative patch to remember them.


Bass (vocal range)

A bass is a type of male singing voice and possesses the lowest vocal range of all voice types. According to "The New Grove Dictionary of Opera", a bass is typically classified as having a range extending from around the second E below middle C to the E above middle C (i.e., E2–E4). Its tessitura, or comfortable range, is normally defined by the outermost lines of the bass clef.

H.M.S. Pinafore

H.M.S. Pinafore, or The Lass That Loved a Sailor is a two-act operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the fourth of their fourteen operettas. It premiered on 25 May 1878 at the Opera Comique in London, England. It had 571 performances. The operetta became an international success, and had great influence on the development of musical theatre in Britain and America.


The H.M.S. "Pinafore" lies at anchor off Portsmouth. Little Buttercup comes on board to sell things to the sailors. She says that she has a secret. Ralph Rackstraw says he loves Josephine. The Captain worries that his daughter will decline Sir Joseph's marriage proposal. She tells her father that she loves a sailor in his crew, but assures him that she will never reveal her love to him.

Sir Joseph comes on board with his sisters, cousins, and aunts. He says he rose from humble beginnings to be "the ruler of the Queen's Navee", although he has no qualifications. He then delivers a lesson in etiquette, telling the Captain that he must always say "if you please" after giving an order for "A British sailor is any man's equal". He has composed a song to illustrate that point. 

Ralph is delighted with Sir Joseph's views on equality. He decides to declare his love to Josephine. Dick Deadeye points out that "when people have to obey other people's orders, equality's out of the question". Ralph is left alone on deck. Josephine enters, and Ralph confesses his love. She rejects his love and leaves. Ralph decides on suicide. He puts a pistol to his head. Josephine returns to say she loves him. They make plans to leave that night to marry. Dick Deadeye warns them against such a scheme. The joyous ship's company ignores him.

Later that night, Captain Corcoran tells Buttercup that he would have returned her love long ago if they were not so far apart in social class. She warns him that a change is in store for him. Sir Joseph complains that Josephine has not yet agreed to marry him. The Captain thinks she is probably dazzled by his "exalted rank". He suggests that Sir Joseph persuade her that "love levels all ranks". If he does so, Josephine will surely accept his proposal. Sir Joseph makes his argument to Josephine, but it only serves to strengthen her determination to marry Ralph. 

Dick Deadeye tells the Captain of the lovers' plans to elope. The Captain confronts Ralph and Josephine as they try to leave the ship. The pair declare their love. The furious Captain swears. Sir Joseph has heard this oath and is shocked. He orders the Captain confined to his cabin. Sir Joseph asks what provoked the Captain's outburst. Ralph replies that it was his declaration of love for Josephine. Sir Joseph is furious. He has Ralph taken to the ship's dungeon. 

Little Buttercup now reveals her secret. Many years ago, she had cared for two babies. One baby was of low birth, but the other was a wellborn babe. She "mixed those children up"  the wellborn babe is Ralph and the Captain is the babe of low condition. Sir Joseph realises that Ralph should have been the Captain, and the Captain should have been Ralph. He calls for both, and they enter wearing one another's uniforms. Sir Joseph's marriage with Josephine is now out of the question. He hands her to Ralph. Corcoran will marry Buttercup. Sir Joseph will marry Hebe. There is general rejoicing.

"Pinafore" had great influence on the development of musical theatre. According to theatre historian John Kenrick, "Pinafore" was an international sensation and reshaped the commercial theater in both England and the United States. Historian John Bush Jones writes that "Pinafore" and the other [Gilbert and Sullivan] operas show that musical theatre can provide amusement yet address current issues and events. He writes that "Pinafore" was the first musical to bring together story, song words, and music into a balanced whole. He adds that the show's popularity produced an American audience for musical theatre, and that the show has served as a model of the musical ever since.


WrestleMania 29

WrestleMania XXIX was the twenty-ninth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by WWE. It took place on April 7, 2013 at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey. The event was the fifth WrestleMania in the New York metropolitan area and the third WrestleMania held in the state of New Jersey.

There was an 8-man mixed tag team match scheduled between Tons of Funk (Brodus Clay & "Sweet T" Tensai) (with Cameron & Naomi) and Team Rhodes Scholars (Cody Rhodes & Damien Sandow) (with The Bella Twins) but the match was pulled from the card on short notice because of time constraints.

Prince Albert, Saskatchewan

Prince Albert is the third largest city in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.

The population of Prince Albert was 35,129 in 2011 The mayor of Prince Albert is Greg Dionne. It is nicknamed the "Gateway to the North" because it is the last major centre along the route to the resources of northern Saskatchewan. It is named after Albert, Prince Consort, husband of Queen Victoria


North Battleford

North Battleford is a city in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The population of North Battleford was 13,190 in 2006. The mayor of North Battleford is Ian Hamilton. The Battlefords area was home to several aboriginal groups including Cree, Assiniboine and Blackfoot tribes who contested for control of local resources before the European settlement.


Periwinkle (color)

Periwinkle is a color in the blue family. Its name comes from the lesser periwinkle or myrtle herb ("Vinca minor") which has flowers of the same color. 

The color "Periwinkle" is also called lavender blue. The color periwinkle may be considered a pale tint of indigo – a "pastel indigo". 

The first written use of "periwinkle" as a color name in English was in 1922.



Mallorquín

The Mallorquín or Caballo Mallorquín () is a rare breed of horse native to the island of Mallorca in the Balearic Islands. The breed was identified in 1985.

Sherlock (TV series)

Sherlock is a BBC television series based on characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle placed in 21st century London. Benedict Cumberbatch stars as Sherlock Homes, alongside Martin Freeman who plays Dr. John Watson. The series aired 4 seasons between 2010 and 2017. 

In this contemporary TV version, Watson is a war vet just home from Afghanistan. He meets the eccentric Sherlock Holmes when he advertises for a flatmate. Together they solve mysteries related to Sherlocks nemesis Moriarty. 

Pedro Bigas

Pedro Bigas Rigo (born 15 September 1990 in Palma de Mallorca, Balearic Islands) is a Spanish footballer. He plays for RCD Mallorca as a left midfielder or defender.

He start playing football at la Salle Palma, after that he played in Montuiri, and then in the Mallorca B. He left Mallorca B to join the Athletico de Baleares. While he was playing for Athletico de Baleares he was offered a position in RCD Mallorca.


Sasha Grey

Sasha Grey (born Marina Ann Hantzis on March 14, 1988) is an American former pornographic actress, who now does ordinary acting, modelling, and music. She was born and raised in North Highlands, California. In 2005, she started taking acting, dancing and music lessons. After she turned 18, she started to participate in pornographic movies in Los Angeles. She is openly bisexual.

Grey has released two books. A photo book, "Neü Sex", was released on March 29, 2011 by VICE books. On May 9, 2013 "The Juliette Society", an erotic novel, was published by Sphere.

She has been in three music videos.

Danish People's Party

The Danish People's Party is a Danish national conservative political party placed on the right wing. The aim of the Danish People's Party is to assert Denmark's independence, to guarantee the freedom of the Danish people in their own country, and to preserve and promote representative government and the monarchy.
The leader of the party has since 2022 been Morten Messerschmidt. The former leader was Pia Kjærsgaard who also founded the party in 1995. By 2013, the party has over 12,000 members.

By February 2023 the party has 7 members in the Danish parliament The Folketing. 

The Boxcar Children

The Boxcar Children is a children's story. It was written by Gertrude Chandler Warner. It was published by Rand McNally in 1924. Warner wrote 19 other books about the boxcar children and their adventures. Other people wrote more stories. There are over 100 books about the boxcar children. Over the years they have made the story into different novels, comic books and they are making a movie which will be released in April of 2014.

Henry, Jessie, Violet, and Benny are orphans. They have never seen their grandfather Mr. Alden. They have heard he is cruel. They run away because they don't want to live with him. One night, they find shelter in a bakery. They say they will help with the work the next day if they can stay the night. Benny is too little to work. The baker wants to take him to the children's home. The childen run away. 

The children find an old boxcar in the woods. They make it their home. They find dishes, spoons, and other things to use in their new home. They help a dog with a hurt paw. Benny names the dog "Watch". The children dam a stream to make a swimming pool. Henry gets a job working for Dr. Moore. He mows the lawn and cleans the garage. He works in the garden for the doctor's mother. She gives him some vegetables. All the children pick cherries from the trees in the garden. The children are happy. 

Dr. Moore reads in a newspaper that Mr. Alden is looking for his grandchildren. The doctor calls Mr. Alden. Mr. Alden arrives at the doctor's house. The children grow to like him. He is not cruel but kind. The children move to their grandfather's house. Mr. Alden puts the boxcar in the back yard for their fun.

The Country Bears

The Country Bears is a 2002 American live-action comedy movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Pictures, based on the Disney attraction "Country Bear Jamboree". It was released on July 26, 2002.

G. Hannelius

Genevieve Knight Hannelius (born December 22, 1998) is better known as G. Hannelius. She is an American actress and singer who is the new voice of Rosebud in the "Air Buddies" series.

Hannelius was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She moved to southern Maine at age 1. She started acting at a young age. Her theater roles include Madeline in Madeline's Rescue and Jenny in "Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing" with Children's Theatre of Maine and Maine State Music Theater. She moved to California for 3 months to try out auditions, and she was so successful that her family relocated permanently to Los Angeles in 2008.


Alejandro Abrines Redondo

Alejandro Abrines Redondo (born in Palma de Mallorca in 1993) is a Spanish professional basketball player. He currently plays for FC Barcelona Bàsquet. 
Abrines started to play basketball at seven years old in La Salle Palma (C.B. La Salle). He was playing basketball in La Salle in the junior category at seventeen years old.

In 2010 Abrines went to a campus with Unicaja De Málaga, and signed a contract with Aíto García Reneses, the trainer of Unicaja De Málaga.

He started playing in LEB Oro with Clínicas Rincón, the branch of Unicaja. 
In the summer of 2011 Abrines was selected to the Spanish selection of Basketball U-18 for play the European Championship, where he was elected MVP.

And later was selected to play the all-star at European level.
In October 2011 Alejandro Abrines debuted VS Gran Canaria in the ACB. He later did the same in the Basketball Euroleague. In February 2012 he debuted in La Copa del Rey.


Giosuè Carducci

Giosuè Alessandro Giuseppe Carducci (Pietrasanta, 27 July 1835 – Bologna, 16 February 1907) was an Italian poet and teacher. He was very influential and was regarded as the official national poet of modern Italy. In 1906, he became the first Italian to win the Nobel Prize in Literature.

He was fascinated with the restrained style of Greek and Roman antiquity, and his mature work reflects a restrained classical style, often using the classical meters of Latin poets as Horace and Virgil.

Audley Harrison

Audley Harrison (born 26 October 1971) is a British heavyweight boxer. He is 6 ft 5 1/2 tall (1.97 metres) and weighs 18 stone 3 pounds (116 kilograms).

Harrison was born and raised in London. As a Super Heavyweight, he won two gold medals: one at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur and another at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He was the European Boxing Union Heavyweight Champion from 9 April - 8 June 2010. 

Harrison was a contestant in the 2011 series of Strictly Come Dancing. He is a housemate in the August-September 2014 series of Celebrity Big Brother.


Japanese calendar

Japanese calendar types have included several of official and unofficial systems. At present, Japan uses the Gregorian calendar and also the Japanese era name system. 

Japan has more than one traditional system for counting years, including

Since the Meiji period, Japan has used the system.

In Japan today, the old Chinese calendar is rarely used. The system of counting years from the reign of Emperor Jimmu has been abandoned.

The Japanese calendar has yearly holidays and traditional events. Some of these preserve ancient customs.

The names and dates of some of Japan's national holidays have changed over time.



Children's Day (Japan)

Since the 8th century, it was traditional to have special days for children twice a year—March 3 for girls and May 5 for boys.


Plastic Man

Plastic Man (real name Patrick "Eel" O'Brian) is a fictional comic-book superhero, with the ability to shift his body into any shape or form, created by artist Jack Cole. He was published by Quality Comics first and then later by DC Comics.

Plastic Man first appeared in August 1941. After being shot by an acid bullet, his fellow burglar partners left him for dead without hesitation. This angered him and caused him to become a crime fighter. The acid from the bullet caused a chemical reaction inside of him that allows his body to take on any shape or form, even ones with moving parts.

Japanese Imperial year

"Kōki" emphasizes the long history of Japan and the Imperial dynasty.

The Summer Olympics and Tokyo Expo were planned as anniversary events in 1940 ("Kōki 2600"); but the international games were not held because of the Second Sino-Japanese War.

The Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) and Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) used the "Kōki" system for identification. For example, 

In Japan today, the system of counting years from the reign of Emperor Jimmu has been abandoned.



Sagrada Família

The Sagrada Familia (full name ) is a large Roman Catholic church in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. It was designed by architect Antoni Gaudi (1852–1926).

Although it is not finished, the church is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In November 2010 it was consecrated (dedicated to a special purpose) and made a minor basilica by Pope Benedict XVI.

Building of the Sagrada Familia began in 1882. Gaudi started working on it in 1883. He took over the project, and changed it with his ideas on architecture and engineering.

Gaudi worked on it until he died. At the time of his death in 1926, less than a quarter of the building was finished. The Sagrada Familia's building was slow. It needed private donations (people giving money to it). It was stopped by the Spanish Civil War—only to start again in the 1950s. Building was more than halfway done after 2010. Some of the project's biggest problems still remain.



Tauriel

Tauriel is a fictional character from Peter Jackson's three-part feature movie adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Hobbit". The character does not appear in the original book by writer J.R.R. Tolkien, but was created by Peter Jackson and Fran Walsh for two of the movies. Tauriel is a Woodland Elf, and is the leader of the Elven guard. Her name means "forest daughter" in the Elvish language. She is played by actress Evangeline Lilly, who appeared as Kate Austen on the TV show "Lost".

Tauriel first appears in the second part of the trilogy, "The Desolation of Smaug", which was released December 13, 2013. Before it was decided to have three films instead of two, Tauriel was described as having a more important role in what was then the final film, " Battle of the Five Armies", which was originally going to be released in 2013. However, when the filmmakers decided to make the series into a trilogy, that part of the story became the third part of the trilogy, which would be released in December 2014.

In "The Desolation of Smaug", the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, and thirteen dwarves, are traveling to Lonely Mountain, and pass through the black forest of Mirkwood, where they are captured by giant spiders. The spiders are then attacked by the Wood Elves, led by Legolas and Tauriel. Tauriel saves Kíli by killing a spider that was attacking him, but the Elves take the dwarves as prisoners for trespassing on their land. During the dwarves' imprisonment, Tauriel forms a bond with Kíli. It is later mentioned that Tauriel is a talented warrior and for this reason, was made leader of the Mirkwood border guards. Legolas, the son of Mirkwood's Elven king Thranduil, is shown to be attracted to her, and she used to be attracted to him too, but because she is a lowly Silvan Elf, she does not believe herself worthy of him, and similarly, Thranduil does not consider her to be a proper match for his son.

As the dwarves escape with Bilbo's help, the Elves' home is attacked by orcs. Tauriel again uses her skills to save Kíli, but Kíli is struck in the leg with an orc's arrow. This arrow is poisoned, and the wound it created will slowly kill Kíli. Thranduil learns that an evil entity has returned and is amassing great power in the south, and seals off his kingdom, but before he does this, Tauriel goes after the dwarves by herself. Legolas follows, and tries to convince her to return, but when she refuses, saying that the Elves are part of Middle Earth and that they must fight in the upcoming war, Legolas joins her pursuit.

After getting weapons and supplies at Laketown, the dwarves leave for the Lonely Mountain, but leave Kíli behind because of his injury, and Fili, Bofur and Oin stay behind to be with him. By the time Tauriel and Legolas reach Laketown, the dwarves are being attacked by orcs. They defeat the invaders, and Tauriel uses her knowledge of herbs to heal Kíli's wound, saving his life once again, after which they admit that they have developed a bond with one another.

In 1937 J. R. R. Tolkien published the fantasy novel "The Hobbit", which is about a group of 15 people: a Hobbit named Bilbo Baggins, a wizard named Gandalf and thirteen dwarves. This group goes searching for a treasure guarded by the dragon, Smaug. During the story, the group are captured by the Silvan Elves. During the Battle of Five Armies at the end of the story, the group of 15 travelers join with the Elves to fight an army of goblins and wargs.

Although Tauriel does not appear in this story, she was created by Peter Jackson and his wife and producing partner Fran Walsh for the movie. They did this in order to expand the world of the elves of Mirkwood Forest, and to bring another female to the cast, since it is mostly males. The character is a Silvan Elf, which means she is of a much lower place in Elf society than the elves that had been seen in "The Lord of the Rings" film series, like Arwen, Galadriel, Elrond, and Legolas. A Woodland Elf, her name has been translated as "Daughter of Mirkwood".

In June 2011 Peter Jackson announced that actress Evangeline Lilly, who played Kate Austen in the ABC drama "Lost", was cast in the role. Lilly, had been a fan of Tolkien's books since she was 13, but was nervous about how Tolkien fans would react to a character that did not appear in Tolkien's books. She stated that creating the character for the adaptation was the right thing to do, saying, "I believe she is authentic, because Tolkien refers to The Woodland Elves, he just doesn't talk about who they are specifically… [Peter and Fran] know that world so well. They’re not going to create a character that is not true to Tolkien's world." Despite this, some fans were unhappy with the creation of her character after the first trailer for the film was released on June 12, 2013. 

As head of the Elven guard, Lilly says that Tauriel is "slightly reckless and totally ruthless and doesn't hesitate to kill." Lilly also says Tauriel is a nonconformist (someone who refuses to follow established customs), and that because of her relative youth among Elves, she can be reckless in the decisions she makes, tending to rebel against the established social order of the Elves. Lilly explains, "She's only 600 years old, she's just a baby. So she's a bit more impulsive, and she's a bit more immature. I think she's more easily romanticized by a lot of things." However, she also has a "softer side", and her character's story has her falling in love with another character. Although she and Legolas are close, childhood friends, the romance is not with him. According to Lilly, Legolas' father, the Elven king Thranduil, is fond of Tauriel, and "sees something very special in her". Lilly told the filmmakers that she would only play the character if they promised that her character would not be part of a love triangle. However, when she was called back into production to shoot new scenes after it was decided to split the story into three films instead of two, she was told that a love triangle would indeed be added to the story.

To look like Tauriel in the films, she wore a red wig with knee-length hair, fake ears that are three times larger than the ones Orlando Bloom wore as Legolas (though Lilly felt that the long hair would take attention away from the ears). Instead of wearing the complex formal gowns that female Elf noblewomen were seen wearing in previous films, Tauriel wears Elven military garb, which is better-suited to her job as a border guard and soldier. The is an expert in a variety of weapons, but she usually uses a bow and two daggers, the same weapons Legolas uses. Lilly had a stunt coach help her film the action scenes. Although Lilly asked to do the character's wirework herself, because she had experience doing her own stunts on "Lost", that work was performed by a stunt double. Lilly also had a language coach teacher her how to speak the Elvish language. 

Filming of Tauriel's scenes began in September 2011 in New Zealand, and was expected to last a year. Lilly said that she enjoyed the calm atmosphere of the set, and the familiar experience of filming with a cast of mostly men, which reminded her of working on "Lost" and "The Hurt Locker". However, she said that the experience of having had her first baby in May 2011 made some parts of filming the fighting scenes harder than she expected, saying, "Recovering from labor is like recovering from a full-body injury, and I didn't realize to what extent that was true until I started training for elf fighting. My hips don't move like they used to move, my back doesn't move like it used to move, my shoulders are sore every day. But it's fun."

Tauriel is part of the toy Lego set No. 79001, which is called "Escape from Mirkwood Spiders". Her minifigures comes with those of Legolas and the Dwarves Fíli and Kíli.

For her performance as Tauriel, Evangeline Lilly was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress, the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress in an Action Movie, the Empire Award for Best Supporting Actress, and the 2014 Kids' Choice Awards.

The band The Esgaroth Three poked fun at fans' reaction to Tauriel's appearance in the films, and to other changes made by Peter Jackson to the story, with the song and video "Who the 'ell is Tauriel?".


Canet gun

The Canet guns were designed by Gustave Canet (1846-1913) for Schneider et Cie.

Schneider was successful in sales to the Empire of Japan. 
The guns supplied to Japan equipped the cruisers , , and . 

The guns were used during the First Sino-Japanese War.


Boxcar

A boxcar is a railroad car that is enclosed and used to carry freight. Boxcars have side doors of varying size and operation. Some boxcars have end doors and adjustable bulkheads to load very large items.

Gertrude Chandler Warner

Gertrude Chandler Warner (16 April 1890 - 29 August 1979) was an American writer. She wrote the popular "Boxcar Children" books. She was criticized for showing children with little parental supervision. Her critics thought that this would cause child rebellion. She was born in Putnam, Connecticut.


Norwich School

Norwich School (before called King Edward VI’s Grammar School) is a co-ed (girls and boys) private school in Norwich, England. It is one of the oldest schools in the world, going back to at least 1096. Norwich School has one of the best academic records in East Anglia. "The Daily Telegraph" ranked the school's A-Level results as 74th in 2006, 55th in 2007 and 80th in 2008 amongst independent schools in the UK. In each case, the rank was the highest in Norfolk and Suffolk. 

The school used to be for boys only. It began admitting girls below the Sixth Form in September 2008. All year groups had girls in them by September 2010. 

Norwich School is an Anglican school. It has a long relationship with Norwich Cathedral, which it uses for morning assemblies and some annual events. Many famous people were taught at Norwich School, like Horatio Nelson, who has a house named after him. 

There are eight houses: Brooke, Coke, Seagrim, Nelson, Parker, Repton, School and Valpy.

Christina Perri

Christina Judith Perri (born August 19, 1986) is an American singer, musician and songwriter. She is from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her song "Jar of Hearts" became a hit in the United States. It has been used on the FOX network programs "So You Think You Can Dance" and "Glee" and the ABC Family series "Switched at Birth". Another of her songs, "A Thousand Years", was used in the movie "Twilight: Breaking Dawn".

Perri was born in , Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia. She attended Archbishop Ryan High School, a Roman Catholic high school in the Far Northeast section of Philadelphia. She married Paul Costabile on December 12, 2017. Their daughter, Carmella Stanley Costabile, was born January 17, 2018.

In March 2019, Perri revealed she had maintained sobriety for seven years.


Prince Albert Raiders

The Prince Albert Raiders are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1964. The team currently plays in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan at the Art Hauser Centre. The team started in 1971 and played in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League where they were one of the most successful Tier II franchises in Canada. They won the Tier II national championship, the Manitoba Centennial Trophy, 4 times in a six-year span from 1977 to 1982. They moved up to the WHL in 1982. They won a Memorial Cup in 1985.


Jorge Lorenzo

Jorje Lorenzo Guerrrero (born 4 May 1987) is a Spanish motorcyclist. He was the world champion in MotoGP in 2010. In 2008, Lorenzo signed a contract with the official Yamaha team. He was the partner of seven-time world champion, Valentino Rossi. In the Portugal championship, Lorenzo got his first victory in MotoGP.
On 10 October 2010, in Malaysia, Jorge was proclaimed world champion of MotoGP.

Type 74 105 mm self-propelled howitzer

Komatsu developed the chassis; and Japan Steel Works made the turret. 

The howitzer was accepted for service or "standardised" in 1974.

Type 74s are used by the 2nd Artillery Regiment at Asahikawa, Hokkaido.



Battle of Plataea

The Battle of Plataea was the final land battle during the second Persian invasion of Greece. It was a decisive victory for the Greeks as it ended that war. The battle was in 479 BC near the city of Plataea in Boeotia. It was fought between the Greek allies (the city-states, of Sparta, Athens, Corinth and Megara), and the Persian Empire of Xerxes I.

The previous year, the Persian invasion force, led by the Xerxes in person, won the Battles of Thermopylae and Artemisium, and conquered Thessaly, Boeotia and Attica. However, at the last-ditch naval Battle of Salamis, the Allied Greek navy had won a surprise victory, and that stopped the conquest of the whole Peloponnesus. Xerxes then returned home with some of his army, leaving his general Mardonius to finish off the Greeks the next year.

In the summer of 479 BC, the Greeks got together a huge army by the standards of the day, and marched out of the Peloponnesus. The Persians retreated to Boeotia, and built a fortified camp near Plataea. The Greeks refused to be drawn into the open cavalry ground near the Persian camp, and this led to a stalemate which lasted eleven days. When their supply lines were disrupted, the Greeks retreated a distance, and their battle-line fragmented. Mardonius thought the Greeks were in full retreat, and ordered his men to pursue them. The Greeks (particularly the Spartans, Tegeans and Athenians) turned and gave battle, routing the lightly armed Persian infantry and killing Mardonius.

Much of the Persian army were caught in their camp, and slaughtered. The destruction of this army, and the remnants of the Persian navy, allegedly on the same day at the Battle of Mycale, ended the invasion. After Plataea and Mycale, the Greek allies would take the offensive against the Persians, marking a new phase of the Greco-Persian Wars. Although Plataea was in every sense a decisive victory, it does not seem (even at the time) to have been as famous as the Athenian victory at the Battle of Marathon or even the Allied defeat at Thermopylae.

A bronze column in the shape of intertwined snakes (the Serpent column) was created from melted-down Persian weapons, and was erected at Delphi. It commemorated all the Greek city-states that had participated in the battle, listing them on the column, and thus confirming some of Herodotus's claims. Most of it still survives in the Hippodrome of Constantinople (present-day Istanbul), where it was carried by Constantine the Great during the founding of his city on the Greek colony of Byzantium.

Bellver Castle

Bellver Castle ("bellver" in Castilian means "good view") is a castle that was built by order of King Jaime II for use as a residence of the kings of Mallorca.
The castle is built at above sea level.
Today it belongs to the City Council of Palma de Mallorca and it is the Museum of the History of the city of Palma. It is open to the public.
Its uses include:

Bellver Castle was one of 100 finalists for the 12 Treasures of Spain in 2007.


Philosophy of the World

Philosophy of the World is the first album by The Shaggs. It was released in 1969 by Third Word Records. At the time, it was considered to be one of the worst albums. It was rereleased in 1980 by Red Rooster Records/Rounder Records after the band NRBQ found it at a Massachusetts radio station in 1978, and has been a cult and influential album ever since.

Recording of the album was financed by Austin Wiggin, father of the Wiggin Sisters.

All songs written & composed by Dorothy Wiggin.


Type 96 150 mm howitzer

The , also known as a "15-cm" gun, was a howitzer used by the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). 

This artillery piece was designed to replace the Type 4 150 mm howitzer in front line combat. Type 96s fired the same ammunition as the Type 4s.

Type 96s began to be built in 1937. A total of 440 units were produced. A medium artillery regiment had 24 Type 96s.

The Type 96 15 cm howitzer was used in the Second Sino-Japanese War and in World War II. The 96s were among Japan's most used artillery weapons.

One of the Type 96s is preserved at the Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo. 



Type 89 150 mm cannon

, also known as a "15-cm" gun, was a cannon of the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA).

This was one of the main guns of the IJA heavy artillery units.

Type 89s were used in the Second Sino-Japanese War and in World War II.



GRB 970228

GRB 970228 was a gamma-ray burst (GRB). It was the first GRB which had an afterglow. It was seen on 28 February 1997. Since 1993, scientists had predicted GRBs to be followed by afterglows. But, until this event, GRBs had only been seen in very bright bursts of high-energy gamma rays.

The burst had several peaks in its light curve. It lasted around 80 seconds. The light curve was not normal. This suggested that a supernova may have happened as well. GRB 970228 happened in the same place as a galaxy about 8.1 billion light-years away. This means that GRBs happen outside the Milky Way.

Reichart showed that the light curve of GRB 970228 could only have been caused by a supernova. Definitive evidence linking gamma-ray bursts and supernovae was eventually found in the spectrum of GRB 020813, and the afterglow of GRB 030329. However, supernova-like features only become apparent in the weeks following a burst, leaving the possibility that very early luminosity variations could be explained by dust echoes.


Ferran Adria

Ferran Adrià Acosta (b. May 14, 1962) is a Spanish chef. He was born in l'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Catalonia. Adria started out washing dishes at a restaurant in the town of Castelldefels. There the chef taught him the basics. He then worked at different restaurants before becoming assistant chef at the Barcelona restaurant, Finisterre. Now Adriá is the chef at El Bulli, a restaurant on the coast of Catalonia. In 1997, El Bulli got its third Michelin star. It was one of only three restaurants in Spain with this ranking. 

Adria is considered one of the best chefs in the world.


Murray Waxman

Murray Waxman (born July 10, 1925 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was part of the Canadian basketball team, which finished eighth in the Olympic tournament.


Imperial Japanese Navy

, also known as IJN, was the navy of the Empire of Japan from 1869 until 1947.

The IJN was created in 1868 by the Meiji Restoration. It won against larger navies in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895) and Russo-Japanese War (1904-1905) World War 1 (1914-1918) Second Sino-Japanese War (1937-1945) World War 2 (1941-1945) and was dissolved.

Article 9 of the Constitution of Japan prohibits the use of aggressive force as a means for settling international disputes.

In order to defend Japan, if necessary, the Japan Self-Defense Forces (JSDF) was formed.

The ocean-reach of JSDF is the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF).



Vilmantas Dilys

Vilmantas Dilys (born October 6, 1987, Utena, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for Lietuvos Rytas.
He is 2.08 m tall and can play both power forward and small forward positions.

Space Coast

The Space Coast is a region in the U.S. state of Florida around the Kennedy Space Center. The region includes the cities  Titusville, Cocoa, Rockledge, Cape Canaveral, Merritt Island, Cocoa Beach, Melbourne and Palm Bay. The most of the area lies within Brevard County.

Homologous chromosome

Homologous chromosomes are the pairs of chromosomes in a diploid organism. They are the chromosomes which pair during meiosis.

With the exception of the sex chromosomes, each pair has the gene loci in the same positions on each chromosome, and the centromere in the same position. They are not genetically identical because they will usually have different alleles (versions of a gene) at some of the loci.

The most important fact is that homologous chromosomes physically pair for meiosis, the cell division which produces the gametes. During this pairing, crossing over takes place between chromatids of each pair. This exchange of alleles means the offspring are not identical to each other, or to either parent. In other words, the process increases the genetic variation in the population.

Sex chromosomes only pair along those parts where there is similar genetic material (loci) on both members of the pair.

Tonight's the Night

Tonight's the Night could refer to one of several things:






Type 41 75 mm cavalry gun

This artillery piece went into service in 1908. 

Type 41s were lighter versions of the Type 38 75 mm field gun. Type 41s were the primary weapon of artillery units which were part of cavalry regiments. 

Type 95s were used in the Second Sino-Japanese War and in World War II.



Kelowna Rockets

The Kelowna Rockets are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1991. The team currently plays in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Kelowna, British Columbia at the Prospera Place. The team originally played in Tacoma, Washington as the "Tacoma Rockets" from 1991 to 1995 until relocating to Kelowna. They have won 3 Ed Chynoweth Cups and 1 Memorial Cup. 


Strictly Come Dancing

Strictly Come Dancing is a British television programme. It features celebrities dancing with professional dancers. Each week, the expert judges decide which couple will leave the contest. In the final, the public vote for the winner.

There were two series in its first year, 2004. From 2005 onwards, there has been one series per year. Many countries have their own version of the show (see "Dancing with the Stars"). It was originally presented by Sir Bruce Forsyth from 2004 to 2013. It is currently presented by Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman.

Richard Pryor

Richard Franklin Lennox Thomas Pryor (December 1, 1940 - December 10, 2005) was an American comedian, actor and writer. Pryor performed in movies, on television and as a stand-up comedian. He won an Emmy Award in 1973. He won five Grammy Awards (in 1974, 1975, 1976, 1981 and 1982). In 1974, he also won two American Academy of Humor awards and the Writers Guild of America Award. He was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay for his work on "Blazing Saddles". The first ever Kennedy Center Mark Twain Prize for American Humor was given to him in 1998. Pryor is listed at Number 1 on Comedy Central's list of all-time greatest stand-up comedians.

Pryor died of a heart attack in Encino, Los Angeles, California. He was awarded the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2006, a year after his death.

A biographical movie based on the life of Pryor is being produced by Lee Daniels and Oprah Winfrey. It will star Mike Epps as Pryor.

Pryor was born in Peoria, Illinois into an African-American family.

Pryor had a mild heart attack in November 1977. He was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1986. In 1990, Pryor had a second and more severe heart attack. He had triple heart bypass surgery. By the early 1990s, he needed to use a wheelchair because of his multiple sclerosis.

On June 9, 1980, during the making of the movie "Bustin' Loose", Pryor set himself on fire. He was freebasing cocaine while drinking 151-proof rum. He ran down Parthenia Street from his Northridge, California, home, on fire, until stopped by police. He was taken to the hospital. Burns covered more than half of his body. Pryor spent six weeks in recovery at the Grossman Burn Center at Sherman Oaks Hospital.

Pryor was married seven times to five different women:

All of his wives, except Belaine, said there was domestic violence. Most of these times were connected to Pryor's drug use.

He had six children: Richard Jr., Elizabeth, Rain, Steven, Franklin and Kelsey.



Prince George Cougars

The Prince George Cougars are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1994. The team currently plays in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Prince George, British Columbia at the CN Centre. They were originally known as the "Victoria Cougars" from 1971 to 1994 before relocating to Prince George in 1994. Their most successful playoff run was in the 2006–07 WHL season when they swept Kamloops Blazers and defeated the Everett Silvertips but were defeated in conference finals to the Vancouver Giants.


Prince George, British Columbia

Prince George is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia.

The population of Prince George was 71,974 in 2011. The mayor of Prince George is Lyn Hall. It is nicknamed the "BC's Northern Capital" because it is the largest city in northern British Columbia. However, it isn't actually in the northern half of British Columbia. It is named after King George V and Prince George, Duke of Kent.


Gazza Zubizareta

Gazza Zubizareta (born 12 June 1996) is an actor from Indonesia. He started his film debut in Negeri 5 Menara where he played a teenager called Alif.



Vancouver Giants

The Vancouver Giants are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 2001. The team currently plays in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Vancouver, British Columbia at the Pacific Coliseum. 

The owners of the Giants are businessmen Ron Toigo and Sultan Thiara, Hockey Hall of Fame members Gordie Howe, Pat Quinn, and singer and actor Michael Bublé. The have won 1 Memorial Cup in 2007 and a Ed Chynoweth Cup in 2006.


Victoria Royals

The Victoria Royals are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 2011. The team currently plays in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Victoria, British Columbia at the Save-On-Foods Memorial Centre. They originally played in Chilliwack, British Columbia as the Chilliwack Bruins from 2006 to 2011 before relocating to Victoria in 2011 and becoming the Royals.


Louise Élisabeth Vigée Le Brun

Louise Élisabeth Vigée Le Brun (Marie Élisabeth Louise; 16 April 1755 – 30 March 1842) was a painter. Her style is considered Rococo with an interest in Neoclassicism. Sometimes, her name is spelled "Vigée-Lebrun".

She painted more than 30 portraits of Marie Antoinette over a six year period. She was accepted as a member of the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture in 1783. She left France after the arrest of the royal family during the French Revolution. She lived and worked in Italy, Austria, and Russia. Her work met great critical acclaim in Rome. She was elected to the Roman Accademia di San Luca. In Russia, she painted many aristocrats including Catherine the Great's family. She was made a member of the Academy of Fine Arts of Saint Petersburg. 

Vigée Le Brun returned to France during the reign of Emperor Napoleon I. Her relationship with the new regime was not completely harmonious. After all, she was a royalist and the former portraitist of Marie Antoinette. She visited England and painted British notables including Lord Byron. In 1807 she traveled to Switzerland where she was made an honorary member of the Société pour l'Avancement des Beaux-Arts of Geneva. She published her memoirs in 1835 and 1837. She lived in Paris, and died there on 30 March 1842. Vigée Le Brun's legacy includes 660 portraits and 200 landscapes. 


Chinese folk religion

Chinese folk religion (Chinese: 中国 民间 信仰 (simplified spelling) or 中國 民間 信仰 (traditional spelling), "zhōng-guó mín-jiān xìn-yǎng") is a religion that has been practiced in China, and in areas inhabited by Chinese people. It is difficult to make a clear distinction between Chinese folk religion and other beliefs, because Chinese folk religion has elements of veneration of the dead, local spirits, clan spirits and traditional Eastern religions, such as Taoism, Confucianism, Buddhism, but also superstition, geomancy and Feng shui. There is no standardized mythology or clergy: rites are often performed by the father of a family. Since the 1950s, Chinese folk-religion is also sometimes referred to as Shenism or Shénism (Chinese: "Shén-jiào", 神教). In this context, shen refers to a spirit or a deity. The term Shenism was first used by A. J. A Elliot in 1955. The term Chinese folk religion is not used inside China.

Sometimes, it is classified with Taoism: Over the centuries, Taoism became institutionalised. During that time, it tried to use local customs, and to become similar to local religions and beliefs. It would however be more accurate to say that Taoism developed from Shenism, since Shenism was there before. Taoism also developed from Chinese philosophy. With around 454 million adherents, or about 6.6% of the world population, Chinese folk religion is one of the major religious traditions in the world. In China more than 30% of the population adheres to Shenism or Taoism.

During the last 200 years, religion has been heavily suppressed in China, with rebellions such as the Taiping Movement or Cultural Revolution. Today, Chinese folk religion is experiencing a major revival in both Mainland China and Taiwan.

The government of Mainland China has officially supported different forms of Shenism, such as Mazuism in Southern China (officially about 160 million Chinese are Mazuists), Huangdi worship, Black Dragon worship in Shaanxi, and Caishen worship.

Snuff movie

A Snuff movie is a movie that shows the murder of a person, or a group of people, for the entertainment of the audience. Snuff movies are made to gain money. They do not use special effects. The first such movie was "El Angel de la Muerte". It is an Argentine horror movie made in 1976. One of the scenes shows how the makers of the movie kill one of the actresses. The English title of the movie was "Snuff". This turned out to be a marketing ploy. The actress was not killed. Today, no real snuff movie is known.

Since the 1970s, the theme has been used by different movements in the United States. These groups usually argue that the government needs to control the media more than it currently does. The last such debate was about happy slapping. The debate is also fueled by violent pornography or videos of executions and murders. 

Natalie Horler

Natalie Christine Horler (born 23 September 1981 in Bonn, West Germany) is a German singer-songwriter of English origin. Her parents David and Christine Horler, are English. She is the lead singer of the Eurodance dance-pop group Cascada. 

Evacuate the Dancefloor

"Evacuate the Dancefloor" is a hit song off the album of the same name by German music group Cascada. The single was released as the lead single of the album June 29, 2009, debuting at #1 on the UK singles chart. It was their third hit song in the United States on many music charts. The song also hit Top 5 in Canada, France and certain other countries.

Madonna del cardellino

The Madonna del cardellino (Madonna of the Goldfinch) is an oil painting by Raphael. It was painted about 15051506. It is known as "Madonna of the Goldfinch" in English. The painting is in the Uffizi Gallery in Florence, Italy. The painting has been restored. 

The three people form a triangle. The Virgin holds a book. St. John holds a goldfinch. Christ reaches for the bird. Raphael gave the painting to Lorenzo Nasi as a wedding gift. Nasi's house was destroyed by an earthquake in November 1548. The painting broke into several pieces. It was restored, but the damage could still be seen. 

Riace bronzes

The Bronzi di Riace (), sometimes "Riace Warriors", (460–430 BCE) are two large monumental Greek bronze sculptures. The statues are of nude bearded warriors. It is possible the statues depict two individuals. It is more likely that they represent "types". Rich Romans were collectors of Greek sculpture. It is probable the two warriors were being transported from their original site in Greece to one in Rome. Since the two warriors share so many similarities, they probably formed part of one Greek monument. 

The bronzes were found in the Ionian Sea on 16 August 1972 by Stefano Mariottini. He was on a scuba diving vacation near Reggio Calabria, Italy. The sculptures were found not far from shore at Riace Marina, a village near Porto Foricchio. The area was on an important shipping lane between the ports of Rome and the coastal cities of Greece. The bronzes may have been in an ancient shipwreck. They were either ripped from their moorings or thrown overboard to lighten the load.

The eyes are made of bone and glass. The teeth are made of silver. The lips and nipples are made of copper. The warriors once held spears and shields. One warrior once wore a helmet pushed up atop his head. The bronzes are in the Museo Nazionale della Magna Grecia in Reggio Calabria.

The Blue Boy

The Blue Boy is an oil painting by Thomas Gainsborough. It was painted about 1770. The boy in the picture might be Jonathan Buttall, the son of a hardware merchant. The boy wears a 17th-century suit. The painting is large. It is 48 inches (1,200 mm) wide by 70 inches (1,800 mm) tall. 

The painting belonged to Jonathan Buttall until 1796. It was then sold many times. In 1921 it was sold to an art dealer. An American bought the painting from the dealer. The portrait is now in the Huntington Library, San Marino, California. "Pinkie" is a famous painting which hangs near it. 


As You Like It

As You Like It is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy. 

The play was written in 1599 or early 1600. Shakespeare rarely invented his own plays. He based his plays on stories by other writers. The story he used for "As You Like It" was "Rosalynde, Euphues Golden Legacy" (1590) by Thomas Lodge. 

"As You Like It" may have been first performed in 1603. This is not certain though. The play was first published in 1623 in the First Folio, a collection of all of Shakespeare's plays. 

"As You Like It" tells the story of a young woman named Rosalind. She has been banished from her uncle's court. Her uncle does not like her because she is gentle, beautiful, witty, and smart. Rosalind decides to live in the Forest of Arden with her cousin Celia and the court jester Touchstone. She dresses like a boy for self-protection. Several scenes involve Rosalind and the people who live in the forest. She is finally united with her sweetheart Orlando. 

Some people think the play is not as good as Shakespeare's other plays. Other people think it is a very good play. One of the great speeches in the play begins "All the world's a stage". 

The play is a favourite with theatre-goers. Rosalind, Touchstone, and a sour old man named Jacques are three of Shakespeare's greatest characters. The play has been adapted to a radio play, to a television show, and to musical theatre. A movie version of the play made in 1936 stars Laurence Olivier.



List of Hot 100 number-one singles of the 2010s (U.S.)

This article is about the American "Billboard" Hot 100 chart held during the 2010s.

The "Billboard" Hot 100 is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles of the United States. Published by "Billboard" magazine, the data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan based collectively on each single's weekly physical and digital sales, and airplay.

A new chart is compiled and officially released to the public every Thursday in "Billboard" magazine and on its website. Each chart is dated with the "week-ending" date of the Saturday two weeks after.


The following artists achieved two or more number-one singles during the 2010s (as of March 3, 2012). A number of artists had number-one singles on their own as well as part of a collaboration.

The following artists were featured at the top of the Hot 100 for the highest cumulative number of weeks during the 2010s (as of March 3, 2012). Some totals include in part or in whole weeks spent at number one as part of a collaboration. An asterisk (*) denotes that an artist is currently at number one.

The following songs were featured at the top of the Hot 100 for the highest number of weeks during the 2010s (as of March 3, 2012). An asterisk (*) denotes that the single is currently at number one.

List of Hot 100 number-one singles of the 2000s (U.S.)

This article is about the American "Billboard" Hot 100 chart held during the 2000s.

The "Billboard" Hot 100 is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles of the United States. Published by "Billboard" magazine, the data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan based collectively on each single's weekly physical and digital sales, and airplay.

A new chart is compiled and officially released to the public weekly every Thursday on the edition of Billboard's music magazine and on the website of the magazine. Each chart is dated with the "week-ending" date of the Saturday two weeks after.


The following artists were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 2000s.

The following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 2000s. A number of artists had number-one singles on their own as well as part of a collaboration.

The following ten songs were rated by "Billboard" as the best-selling and most-played songs in the US during the 2000s.

The following songs were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 2000s.

List of Hot 100 number-one singles of the 1990s (U.S.)

This article is about the American "Billboard" Hot 100 chart held during the 1990s.

The "Billboard" Hot 100 chart is the main song chart of the American music industry and is updated every week by the "Billboard" magazine. During the 1990s the chart was based collectively on each single's weekly physical sales figures and airplay on American radio stations.


The following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 1990s. A number of artists had number-one singles on their own as well as part of a collaboration.

The following artists were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1990s.

The following ten songs were rated by "Billboard" as the best-selling and most-played songs in the US during the 1990s.
The following songs were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1990s.

List of Hot 100 number-one singles of the 1980s (U.S.)

This article is about the American "Billboard" Hot 100 chart held during the 1980s.

The "Billboard" Hot 100 chart is the main song chart of the American music industry and is updated every week by the "Billboard" magazine. During the 1980s the chart was based collectively on each single's weekly physical sales figures and airplay on American radio stations.


The following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 1980s.

The following artists were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1980s.

The following songs were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1980s.

List of Hot 100 number-one singles of the 1970s (U.S.)

This article is about the American "Billboard" Hot 100 chart held during the 1970s.

The "Billboard" Hot 100 chart is the main song chart of the American music industry and is updated every week by the "Billboard" magazine. During the 1970s the chart was based collectively on each single's weekly physical sales figures and airplay on American radio stations.


The following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 1970s.

The following artists were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1970s.

The following songs were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1970s.

List of Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles from 1958 to 1969

This article is about the American "Billboard" Hot 100 chart held from 1958–1969.

The "Billboard" Hot 100 chart is the main song chart of the American music industry and is updated every week by the "Billboard" magazine. During 1958–1969 the chart was based collectively on each single's weekly physical sales figures and airplay on American radio stations.


The following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during 1958–1969. A number of artists had number-one singles on their own as well as part of a collaboration.

The following artists were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during 1958–1969.

The following songs were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during 1958–1969.

List of Billboard number-one singles of the 1940s

This article is about the US number-one songs chart held during the 1940s.

"Billboard" number-one singles chart (which preceded the Billboard Hot 100 chart), which was updated weekly by the "Billboard" magazine, was the main singles chart of the American music industry since 1940 and until the Billboard Hot 100 chart was established in 1958.

Before the Billboard Hot 100 chart was established (in August 1958), which would solely be based on the sales data and airplay on American radio stations, the "Billboard" magazine used to published several weekly charts every time. Throughout most of the 1950s the magazine published the following three charts:


The list below includes the "Best Sellers in Stores" singles chart only (for the expanded detailed lists of the three charts, see articles of individual years in the Billboard charts).


The following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 1940s. A number of artists had number-one singles on their own as well as part of a collaboration.

The following artists were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1940s.

The following songs were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1940s.

M110 howitzer

The M110 howitzer was the largest available self-propelled howitzer in the United States Army's inventory. 

The M110 first entered service with the US Army in 1963. It was retired in the early 1990s.

This artillery piece was exported to many countries, including Egypt, Greece, Iran, Japan, Morocco, Pakistan, South Korea, Spain, Taiwan and Turkey. 



Flyball

Flyball is a relay race between two teams of dogs. Each team is made up of four dogs and handlers and a ball loader. There are also two reserve dogs and handlers who can be swapped between legs. Each race consists of three legs.

Eishō (Heian period)


The 11th reconstruction of the Kasuga Shrine in Nara was finished.



Sengoku period

The name "Sengoku" was adopted by Japanese historians. The Sengoku period in Japan mirrors the Warring States period in Chinese history.

The Sengoku period would precede a process of unification and the end of Japan's medieval period.

Three important and powerful daimyo were Oda Nobunaga, Toyotomi Hideyoshi, and Tokugawa Ieyasu. These three leaders did the most to bring Japan together as one country. Other important leaders include Date Masamune and Akechi Mitsuhide.


École des Ponts ParisTech

The ' (officially ', literally "National school of Bridges and Roads") was founded in 1747. It is one of the oldest engineering schools in France.

The school has different programs including an executive Master of Business Administration in aviation management In Morocco ( in partnership with the "Académie internationale Mohammed VI de l'aviation civile" and the French Civil Aviation University) and China (in partnership with Tsinghua University and ENAC).

The school trains the Corps of Bridges and Roads.

Notable students at the school include


Mitochondrial DNA

Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA or mDNA) is the DNA in mitochondria. It is inherited only from mothers, though there are a few rare exceptions.

Mitochondria are cellular organelles in eukaryotic cells. They convert chemical energy from food into a form that cells can use, adenosine triphosphate (ATP). Mitochondrial DNA is only a small part of the DNA in a eukaryotic cell. Most of the DNA is in the cell nucleus on chromosomes. In plants, the chloroplasts have DNA as well.

In humans, mitochondrial DNA codes for 37 genes and with about 16,600 base pairs in a circle. Human mitochondrial DNA was the first significant part of the human genome to be sequenced. The mtDNA in plants is much larger: "Arabidopsis" has 367 kilobytes.

MDNA

MDNA may refer to:


MDNA (album)

MDNA is the name of an album by the recording artist and actress Madonna. The album was her debut release from her 360-degree record deal from Live Nation Entertainment, in partnership with Interscope Records. The album was released on March 23, 2012 and featured production from Madonna herself, Benny Benassi, William Orbit, Benny's brother Alle Benassi and Martin Solveig. The lead single from the album, "Give Me All Your Luvin'" was released on February 3, 2012 and features M.I.A. and Nicki Minaj. The second single, "Girl Gone Wild", had its lyric video premiere on February 27, 2012 and was available as a single on March 2, 2012. The album was also her first release not to be associated with Warner Bros.

Pinkie

Pinkie (1794) is a painting by Thomas Lawrence. It depicts Sarah Barrett Moulton. She was born in 1783 in Jamaica. Her father was a rich plantation owner. The painting was commissioned at the time Sarah left Jamaica to complete her education in England. Sarah's nickname was "Pinkie". She died in 1795, one year after the painting was completed. The painting is in the Huntington Library at San Marino, California. It hangs near "The Blue Boy" by Thomas Gainsborough. "Pinkie" and "The Blue Boy" are used as set decorations for many episodes of the television show, "Leave It to Beaver". 


Girl Gone Wild

"Girl Gone Wild" is the name of the second single, which is coming out in 2012 from Madonna's album "MDNA". Jenson Vaughan, Madonna, and her producers wrote the song together. Benny Benassi and Alle Benassi produced the song with Madonna. The song was released for digital download on March 2, 2012.

Thomas Lawrence

Thomas Lawrence (13 April 1769 – 7 January 1830) was an English portrait painter. He was born in Bristol. He was a child prodigy. His father was an innkeeper. When Lawrence was 10 years old he was supporting his family with his pastel portraits. He went to London when he was 18. He soon was well known as a portrait painter in oils. His first royal commission was a portrait of Queen Charlotte in 1790. He became an associate of the Royal Academy in 1791, a full member in 1794, and president in 1820. In 1810 he received the patronage of the Prince Regent. He died at age 60 in 1830. At his death, Lawrence was the most fashionable portrait painter in Europe. He is remembered today as the Romanticism portraitist of the British Regency.




Leave It to Beaver

Leave It to Beaver is an American television sitcom series. It first aired from October 7, 1957 to June 20, 1963. The series stars Jerry Mathers as "Beaver"; Tony Dow as his older brother Wally; Barbara Billingsley as his mother June Cleaver; and Hugh Beaumont as his father Ward Cleaver.

Semi-regulars include Ken Osmond as Wally's friend Eddie Haskell; Frank Bank as Wally's other friend Lumpy; Burt Mustin as Gus the fireman; Sue Randall as Beaver's teacher Miss Landers; Rusty Stevens as Beaver's friend Larry Mondello; and Jerry Weil as Beaver's mean little schoolmate Judy Hensler.

The series is about Beaver's adventures at home, in school, and around his neighborhood. Writers Bob Mosher and Joe Connelly based Beaver's adventures on the exploits of their own children. In most episodes, Beaver would get into trouble. His parents would speak to him and explain what he had done wrong. They would hope that he had learned a lesson.

Various critics and television viewers adored the series, with "Variety" comparing the series to "Tom Sawyer". Websites like Time and Bravo placed the series at the top of their "best of television" lists. In 1999, "TV Guide" ranked Eddie Haskell number 20 on its "50 Greatest TV Characters of All Time" list. In 1997, a movie based on "Leave It to Beaver" opened in theaters, of the same name.


Plan 9 from Outer Space

Plan 9 from Outer Space (1959) is a science fiction movie. It was written and directed by Ed Wood and shot in 1957. It stars Gregory Walcott, Mona McKinnon, Lyle Talbot, Tor Johnson, Maila Nurmi (Vampira), and Criswell. Some footage of Bela Lugosi as the "Old Man" was edited into the movie after Lugosi's death.

The movie is about aliens who want to stop humans from creating a weapon that will destroy the universe. To do this, the aliens put their "Plan 9" in operation. This is a scheme to bring Earth's dead back to life. This plan will get Earth's attention and chaos will follow.

For years, the movie was aired on television without much notice. In 1980 authors Michael Medved and Harry Medved called "Plan 9 from Outer Space" the "worst movie ever made". They posthumously awarded their Golden Turkey Award to Wood as the worst director ever.





Alannah Myles

Alannah Myles (born December 25, 1955, Toronto) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and producer. She began her career as an actress. Myles began singing professionally around 1979 but was rejected by all record labels in Canada. After recording 3 masters and a video of "Just One Kiss" with Christopher Ward and David Tyson for her first album, she was immediately signed to an 8 album international contract by the head of A&R, Tunc Erim. Her first album was released on April 6, 1989. The first two singles released at the same time in Canada. They were "Love Is" and "Black Velvet". "Love Is" was released in the mainly English speaking west. It went to number one in the charts. "Black Velvet" was released in Quebec and went to number one on French Canadian radio. "Black Velvet" was released internationally in 1990. It reached number one in many places. It stayed at number one for two weeks in the United Kingdom. "Black Velvet" was a hit song released in the United States on Jan 9, 1990 as a single. This made Myles eligible for a Grammy Award. She won the award in 1991 for "Best Rock Vocal Performance-Female".

Henry IV, Pt. 1

Henry IV, Part 1 is a play by William Shakespeare. It was likely written no later than 1597. Shakespeare probably read Holinshed's "Chronicles" for background. The play was first printed in quarto in 1598 by Andrew Wise. The play was Shakespeare's most popular printed text. It is the second of Shakespeare's three plays about the reigns of Richard II, Henry IV (two plays), and Henry V. It has always been a popular play with audiences and with critics. Sir John Falstaff is one of Shakespeare's greatest and most popular characters.


Portland Winterhawks

The Portland Winterhawks are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1976. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Portland, Oregon at both the Memorial Coliseum and Rose Garden arenas. They have won 2 Memorial Cups in 1982 and 1997. They have also won 2 President's Cups in 1981 and 1997. They were originally known as the Portland Winter Hawks until May 2009 when they took out the space.


Bal du moulin de la Galette

Bal du moulin de la Galette () (1876) is a painting by Pierre-Auguste Renoir. It is in the Musée d'Orsay in Paris. The painting depicts a typical Sunday afternoon at Moulin de la Galette in the district of Montmartre. In the late 19th century, working class Parisians would dress up and spend time there dancing, drinking, and eating galettes into the evening. "Bal du moulin de la Galette" is a typical Impressionist snapshot of real life. It shows a richness of form, a fluidity of brush stroke, and a flickering light. The French painter Gustave Caillebotte owned the painting for about 20 years. When he died it became the property of the French Republic. From 1896 to 1929 the painting hung in the Musée du Luxembourg. From 1929 it hung in the Musée du Louvre. It was sent to the Musée d'Orsay in 1986. Renoir painted a smaller version of the picture with the same title. This painting is in a private collection. For many years it was owned by John Hay Whitney. On May 17, 1990, his widow sold it for US$78 million at Sotheby's in New York City. It was one of the most expensive artworks ever sold.


Federal University of Rio de Janeiro

The Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (, UFRJ) is the largest federal university of Brazil. It has a central campus in the city of Rio de Janeiro and two smaller ones. It was established in 1792 as a military college, and became a university in 1920. It is one the country's most prestigious universities.

The Federal University owns several hospitals and several museums including the National Museum of Brazil.


Bride of Frankenstein

Bride of Frankenstein (sometimes The Bride of Frankenstein) is a 1935 Universal Pictures science fiction horror movie. It is a sequel to Universal's "Frankenstein" (1931). "Bride" was directed by James Whale. It stars Boris Karloff, Elsa Lanchester, Colin Clive, and Ernest Thesiger.

The movie is based on a subplot in the book "Frankenstein" by Mary Shelley. It picks up where the movie "Frankenstein" leaves off. In "Bride", Henry Frankenstein drops his work in the laboratory. The Monster wants a mate. He forces Henry to create one.

Preparations for making "Bride" began shortly after "Frankenstein" opened in theaters. Photography started in January 1935. Many of the actors and crew from "Frankenstein" returned for "Bride". Critics and audiences loved the movie, but the censors found fault.

Today, the movie is considered Whale's masterpiece. The director and others involved in the production were homosexuals. Some viewers detect a gay sensibility in the movie. Some of Whale's associates have dismissed the idea.


The Wild One

The Wild One (1953) is an outlaw biker movie. The movie was based on a short story that told of the damage done to a small California town in 1947 by thousands of rowdy outlaw bikers. The movie was directed by László Benedek. It stars Marlon Brando and Lee Marvin (in his movie debut) as rival biker gang leaders. It is the first outlaw biker movie. Critics and teenagers liked the movie. It inspired fads such as sideburns.

The movie was based on the short story "The Cyclists' Raid" by Frank Rooney. Rooney wrote the story after seeing photos in a "Life" magazine showing the damage done by 4,000 bikers to a small town in California after a weekend spree of violence in 1947.

The story was published in "Harper's Magazine" in 1951. Kramer bought the sceen rights. Brando was leery about taking on the role of a lowlife bully after playing Stanley Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire". He accepted though because he liked the director and the movie's social commentary.


Johnny leads his biker gang into a small town. The club members are rowdy. They hang out at the cafe drinking beer. Kathie works in the cafe. Johnny takes a liking to her. He asks her out. She declines. Johnny learns that she is a policeman's daughter. He changes his mind about dating her.

Another biker gang rides into town. Their leader is Chino. He does not like Johnny. The two fight. Johnny wins. Chino's bikers vandalize the town and harass the townspeople. They tease Kathie. Johnny rescues her. The two ride into a park. Kathie is attracted to Johnny. He mauls her. She cries and runs off. Johnny rides after her.

The townspeople have had enough of the bikers. Some think Johnny assaulted Kathie. Johnny is caught by angry townsmen. They beat him, but he gets away on his motorcycle. The townspeople chase him. A tire iron is thrown. It hits Johnny and he falls from his bike. His motorcycle takes off without its rider. It hits and kills an old man.

The sheriff arrives with his deputies. Order is restored. Johnny is arrested for killing the old man. Two witnesses say that Johnny was not responsible for the old man's death. The bikers are ordered to leave town. Johnny goes back to the cafe to say goodbye to Kathie. He then leaves.

Dave Kehr of "The Chicago Reader" has written: "Legions of Brando impersonators have turned his performance in this seminal 1954 motorcycle movie into self-parody, but it's still a sleazy good time." "Variety" noted that the film "is long on suspense, brutality and sadism ... All performances are highly competent."

The Catholic Legion of Decency objected to the "excessive brutality, lack of moral compensation and suggestiveness" in "The Wild One". One French journalist described the movie as "the most unpleasant American movie ever seen." The magazine "Positif" described the movie as a masterpiece and "the [movie] of the year".

Brando has written: "The public's reaction to "The Wild One" was, I believe, a product of its time and circumstances. It was only seventy-nine minutes long, short by modern standards, and it looks dated and corny now; I don't think it has aged well."

Brando's sideburns inspired a fad. James Dean and Elvis Presley wore them. Brando's character was parodied by Harvey Lembeck in the "beach party" movies of the early 1960s.

Presley used Johnny's image as a model for his role in "Jailhouse Rock". James Dean bought a Triumph TR5 Trophy motorcycle like Brando's Triumph Thunderbird 6T motorcycle. For 2010, Triumph motorcycles introduced a range of clothing and promotional items inspired by Brando's image from "The Wild One".


Matilda (1996 movie)

Matilda is a fictional movie directed by Danny DeVito, based on the classic novel Matilda by Roald Dahl. It was first released July 28, 1996 by TriStar Pictures. Starring Mara Wilson, Danny DeVito, Rhea Perlman, Embeth Davidtz, and Pam Ferris, it features the 7-year-old Matilda, a brilliant girl with extraordinary powers that uses them to fight back against her abusive parents, rebel and overthrow the tyrannical headmistress of her school, and save her kindhearted teacher from poverty.

Switching Channels

Switching Channels is a 1988 comedy starring Kathleen Turner, Burt Reynolds and Christopher Reeve. This movie got mixed reviews and was a commercial failure when it came out. This movie was like "The Front Page", which was remade as "His Girl Friday". This was released in March of 1988.

The movie got mixed reviews from the critics.

The movie was nominated for two Golden Raspberry Awards: Burt Reynolds for Worst Actor and Christopher Reeve for Worst Supporting Actor.

W.G. Grace

W.G. Grace , (William Gilbert Grace, 18 July 1848 – 23 October 1915) was an English physician and cricketer.

Grace, always known as 'W.G.', was one of the greatest players, and was important in the development of the sport. He played first-class cricket for a record-equalling 44 seasons, from 1865 to 1908, during which he captained England, Gloucestershire County Cricket Club, the Gentlemen, MCC, the United South of England Eleven and several other teams. He came from a cricketing family. In 1880 W.G. with E.M. Grace, one of his elder brothers, and Fred Grace, his younger brother, was the first time three brothers played together in Test cricket. His father and a cousin were also good players.

Right-handed as both batsman and bowler, Grace dominated the sport during his career. His technical innovations and enormous influence had a lasting effect. An outstanding all-rounder, he excelled at batting, bowling and fielding. It is for his batting that he is most renowned. Usually opening the innings, he was admired for his mastery of all strokes: his level of expertise was said by contemporary reviewers to be unique. He generally captained the teams he played for at all levels because of his skill and tactical know-how, and his dominant personality.

Grace qualified as a medical practitioner in 1879. Because of his medical profession, he was nominally an amateur cricketer but he is said to have made more money from cricket than any professional. He was a very competitive player. Although he was one of the most famous men in England, he was also one of the most controversial on account of his gamesmanship and his financial skill.

He took part in other sports: as a young man he was a champion 440 yard hurdler, and also played football for the Wanderers. In later life, he developed enthusiasm for golf, lawn bowls and curling.

Test cricket began in 1877, when Grace was already 28. He made his debut in 1880, scoring England's first-ever Test century against Australia. He played for England in 22 Tests through the 1880s and 1890s, all of them against Australia. He was an automatic selection for England at home, but his only Test-playing tour of Australia was that of 1891–92.

Grace's most significant Test was England v Australia in 1882 at The Oval. Thanks to Spofforth, the 'demon bowler', who took 14 wickets in the match, Australia won by 7 runs and the legend of The Ashes was born. Grace scored only 4 and 32, and he was held responsible for "firing up" Spofforth. This came about through a piece of gamesmanship by Grace when he made an unsporting, but legal, run out of one of the Australian batsmen. Grace died of a heart attack.

Terry Crews

Terrence Alan Crews (born July 30, 1968) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is known for appearing in "Everybody Hates Chris", "The Expendables", "White Chicks", "The 6th Day", "Norbit", "Brooklyn Nine-Nine", and other movies and television series. He is a retired NFL player. Crews is from Flint, Michigan. Crews was the host of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" on September 2014 until May 2015 due to his busy schedule. He was replaced by Chris Harrison in September 2015.

Terrence Alan Crews grew up in a strict Christian household in Flint. His mother raised him, because his father was an alcoholic. His great aunt gave him a flute, so Terrence took lessons for eight years. He played football at Western Michigan University (WMU) in Kalamazoo, Michigan.


Galette

A galette is a term used in French cuisine for various types of flat, round or freeform crusty cakes.

One notable type is the "galette des Rois" ('King cake') eaten on the day of Epiphany. In Quebec, the term "galette" is usually applied to pastries best described as large cookies.

Galette is also the name given in most French "crêperies" to savoury buckwheat flour pancakes. Those made from wheat flour, much smaller in size and mostly served with a sweet filling, are called crêpes.

Air Buddies

Air Buddies is the 6th movie in the "Air Bud" movie series. It is also the first movie in the "Air Buddies" movie series. It was released in 2006 by Walt Disney Home Entertainment. The movie was directed by Robert Vince.


List of bridges in Canada

This list of bridges in Canada is organized by province and territory.













List of bridges in the United Kingdom

List of main bridges in the United Kingdom is a work in progress. 


New Girl

New Girl is an American television sitcom set in Los Angeles. It began on September 20, 2011 and is shown on Fox. It stars Zooey Deschanel as Jess Day, a teacher who moves in with three young men she meets on the Internet after separating from her partner with whom she lived.


Oppuurs

Oppuurs is a small town in the Belgian province of Antwerp. It is a part of the municipality of Sint-Amands. Oppuurs has 2028 inhabitants . Oppuurs has an area of .

The first time Oppuurs was mentioned was in 1414, then called "Oppuedersel". In the 15th century, it was owned by the family Van der Calsteren. Later, Joost Snoy became the owner. In 1664, it got the title of barony. At the 7th of mai 1818, Idisbalda-Ghislain Snoy was appointed to mayor by the king. Later, in 1777 the properties were bought by Philippe Ghislain Snoy, who became baron.

Oppuurs belonged to the parish of Puurs and was separated in 1803. It was an independent municipality until 1976. Then, it became, along with Lippelo, part of the municipality of Sint-Amands.

The title of "Baron Snoy et d'Oppuers" still exists today.

List of languages by writing system

Parkaran

Many languages of Russia and Central Asia before replacement with Latin and later Cyrillic































































Lucille Ball

Lucille Désirée Ball (August 6, 1911 – April 26, 1989) was an American actress, comedian, and producer. She was the star of the sitcoms "I Love Lucy", "The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour", "The Lucy Show", "Here's Lucy" and "Life With Lucy". Ball was one of the most popular and powerful actors in the United States during her lifetime. She also had one of Hollywood's longest careers.

Ball began acting in the 1930s. She became both a radio actress and B-movie star in the 1940s. Her television career began in the 1950s. She was still making movies in the 1960s and 1970s. In 1962, Ball became the first woman to run a major television studio, Desilu. This studio made many successful and popular television series.

Ball was born to Henry Durrell Ball (September 16, 1887 – February 19, 1915) and Desiree "DeDe" Evelyn Hunt (September 21, 1892 – July 20, 1977) in Jamestown, New York. Her family was Baptist. She was of French, Scottish, English, and Irish ancestry. She had a younger brother, Fred Henry Ball (July 17, 1915 – February 5, 2007).

In 1929, Ball got work as a model. She later began her performing career on Broadway using the stage name Diane Belmont. She was in many small movie roles in the 1930s. She worked for RKO Radio Pictures at the time. Ball was named the "Queen of the Bs".

In 1951, Ball was important in the creation of the television series "I Love Lucy". The show ended in 1957 after 180 episodes. Then, some small changes were made to the series format. The time-length of the series was changed from 30 minutes to 60 minutes. The first program lasted 75 mins. Some new characters were added. The story was changed. After these changes, the program was renamed "The Lucy-Desi Comedy Hour". It was shown from 1957 until 1960.

Ball went on to star in two more successful television series. The first was "The Lucy Show". It was shown on CBS from 1962 to 1968 (156 episodes). The other was "Here's Lucy". It was shown from 1968 to 1974 (144 episodes). Her last television series was in 1986. It was called "Life with Lucy". This program did not do very well. Only 8 of the 13 episodes that were made were shown on television.

Ball met and married Cuban band leader Desi Arnaz in 1940. On July 17, 1951, she gave birth to their first child, Lucie Désirée Arnaz. A year and a half later, Ball gave birth to their second child, Desiderio Alberto Arnaz IV, known as Desi Arnaz, Jr. Ball and Arnaz divorced on 4 May 1955

On April 18, 1989, Ball said she had chest pains at her home in Beverly Hills and was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, where she had dissecting aortic aneurysm and had an eight-hour aortic transplant. The surgery worked, and Ball was soon able to walk around her room with very little help. She got a lot of get-well wishes.

On the morning of April 26, Ball awoke with bad back pains then lost consciousness. After, she died at 5:47 a.m. PDT at the age of 77. Doctors thought that Ball had succumbed to a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm not that related to her ascending aortic aneurysm and surgery. Ball had been a smoker most of her life, making her risk of abdominal aortic aneurysm higher.

Ball was nominated for an Emmy Award thirteen times. She won four times. In 1977 Ball was one of the first people to be given the Women in Film Crystal Award. She was given the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award in 1979, the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Kennedy Center Honors in 1986, and the Governors Award from the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in 1989.

The Blob

The Blob is a 1958 American science fiction horror movie. It was directed by Irvin Yeaworth. It was produced by Jack H. Harris. Paramount Pictures released the movie. The movie is about a giant jellylike blob that terrorizes a small town. "The Blob" marked Steve McQueen's movie debut. The movie's theme song, "Beware of the Blob", was written by Burt Bacharach and Mack David. It was remade in 1988.


Teenagers Steve and Jane are loitering in a Lover's Lane. They see an object in the night sky crash-land nearby. They investigate. It is The Blob, a jelly-like thing from Outer Space that consumes flesh. It kills an old man, a doctor, and a nurse. It doubles in size after each feeding. Steve and Jane report their findings to the police. They are dismissed as crazy teenagers. In the meantime, The Blob has consumed many others.

Steve and Jane are cornered by The Blob in the grocery store. They seek refuge in the walk-in refrigerator. The Blob tries to ooze in under the door. It retreats. Steve and Jane escape. They set off the town's fire and air-raid alarms. The Blob enters the movie theatre. The customers run away screaming. The Blob oozes out of the theater. Jane's little brother runs into a diner. Jane and Steve follow him. They become trapped in the diner along with the owner and a waitress.

The Blob – now a huge mass – engulfs the diner. It begins to ooze in through the windows. The occupants go to the cellar. The police try to kill The Blob by dropping a power line onto it. This attempt fails. It only serves to set the diner ablaze. Inside, the diner's owner uses a CO2 fire extinguisher to try to put out the fire. This causes The Blob to recoil. The Blob cannot stand cold. The town's teenagers gather all the fire extinguishers they can find. They use them to freeze The Blob. The United States Air Force sends in a jet to carry The Blob to the North Pole. It will remain frozen forever.

Akita (city)

Akita has been one of the most important cities in the Tōhoku region since ancient times.

The Akita clan (Ando clan) held this part of northern Japan (Mutsu Province) in the 15-16th centuries.

The Satake clan built Kubota Castle in 1604.

The modern city of Akita was established on April 1, 1889.

Akita is the largest city on the western coast of the Tōhoku region.








Japanese clock

The Japanese clock is a device made to tell the time according to Japanese tradition.

These clocks were introduced to Japan via Jesuit missionaries in the 16th century.

In 1612, the clockmaker of Philip II of Spain created a working timepiece which became a gift for Tokugawa Ieyasu.

One of the major features of the Japanese clock is that it has a mechanism for measuring unequal temporal hours. Usual clock tells hours at same intervals, but in the Japanese traditional timekeeping practice, a day had six daytime units from sunrise to sunset and six night units from sunset to sunrise. Then the Japanese clock was designed to adapt to this practice.

Polonaises Op. 40 (Chopin)

The Polonaise in A major, Op. 40, No. 1 (nicknamed the "Military" Polonaise) is a piece of music for solo piano. It was composed by Frédéric Chopin. It was published in 1838, with the Polonaise in C minor, Op. 40, No. 2. Anton Rubinstein wrote that the Polonaise in A major is the symbol of Polish glory, while the Polonaise in C minor is the symbol of Polish tragedy.

The polonaise is a Polish dance in 3/4 time. It has a distinctive rhythmic pattern which this polonaise follows unflinchingly. The A major Polonaise is written in an A-B-A form, with the B section being a "Trio". The polonaise opens with an A major chord. It continues in a vigorously masculine manner. The tempo indication is Allegro con brio (Fast, with bravura). The trio section begins in D major. The short passage following the first section of the trio is distinguished with trills for both hands on low C-sharps an octave apart. These trills suggest drum rolls. 

Charles Rosen writes, "Polonaises had been written by many composers before, including Bach, Mozart, and Beethoven; Schubert, in fact, wrote lots of them. But nothing like the violence of Chopin’s military polonaises, ... The military polonaises were certainly understood as political statements of patriotism for his country, which was struggling to obtain its freedom ... these military polonaises have a decidedly popular character ..."


Kinderszenen

Kinderszenen (original spelling "Kinderscenen", (), Opus 15, is a set of 13 pieces for solo piano by Robert Schumann. It was published in 1838. Schumann was looking back on his childhood when composing these pieces. He had originally written 30 movements for Scenes from Childhood. He chose only 13 for the final set. The unused movements were published years later in "Bunte Blätter", Opus 99, and "Albumblätter" (). 

Schumann originally titled the work "Leichte Stücke" (). The titles for the individual pieces were only added after the music was complete. Schumann described the titles as "nothing more than delicate hints for execution and interpretation". Timothy Taylor has discussed Schumann's choice of titles for this work in the context of the changing situation of music in 19th century culture and economics. In 1974, Eric Sams noted that there is no known complete manuscript of "Kinderszenen".


Giselle

Giselle; or, The Wilis is a romantic ballet in two acts. Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges and Théophile Gautier wrote the story of the ballet. They based it on a short prose passage in Heinrich Heine's "De l'Allemagne". They also used Victor Hugo's poem "Fantômes". Adolphe Adam wrote the music. Jean Coralli and Jules Perrot designed the dances. Carlotta Grisi danced the role of Giselle in the first production. The scenery was created by Pierre Cisceri. 

The story is set in Germany during the Renaissance. Giselle is a peasant girl. She falls in love with Albrecht. He is a nobleman pretending to be a peasant boy. Giselle is shocked to discover Albrecht is going to marry the princess Bathilde. Her heart breaks. She goes mad (insane, crazy) and dies. One night, she rises from her grave. She wants to protect Albrecht from the Wilis. The Wilis are the ghostly spirits of dead girls. They force men to dance to their deaths. 

The ballet was first performed in Paris on Monday 28 June 1841 at the Théâtre de l'Académie Royale de Musique. It was a great success. It was staged almost at once by other ballet companies in Europe, Russia, and the United States. Grisi was declared another Taglioni. Taglioni was the age's greatest ballerina. Ballet historian Grace Robert writes ""Giselle" ... is the archetype of the ballets of the romantic age".

The ballet opens on an autumn morning in Germany. Giselle and Albrecht are in love. Hilarion is in love with Giselle, too. She does not love him though. He grows jealous. He promises to take revenge. Albrecht's gentle manners arouse Hilarion's suspicions. Albrecht is really a Duke. He is pretending to be a peasant. The peasant boys and girls start a waltz. Giselle asks Albrecht to dance with her. Giselle's mother says her daughter has a weak heart. She will die if she does not give up dancing. She is afraid that Giselle will become one of the Wilis. The Wilis are ghostly female spirits. They dance men to death.

A hunting horn is heard in the distance. Albrecht becomes nervous. He hurries away with the peasants. The Prince of Courland, his daughter Bathilde, and their courtiers enter. They are looking for a place to rest after the hunt. Giselle and her mother bring them food and drink. Bathilde takes an interest in Giselle. They each say that they are in love, and soon to be married. Albrecht returns with the peasants. Bathilde says he is her future husband. Giselle is shocked. She goes mad and dies in her mother's arms. Albrecht is chased away by the peasants.

It is midnight in a dark wood. A pool of water is in the distance. Gamekeepers enter. Hilarion warns them that the spot is haunted by the Wilis. The gamekeepers run away. The Queen of the Wilis rises from the weeds to call the Wilis together. Giselle is about to become one of them. She rises from her grave. She dances. Albrecht enters to pray at Giselle's grave. He sees Giselle. They dance. The Wilis trap Hilarion. They force him to dance. They throw him into the pool to his death. The Queen of the Wilis wants Albrecht to die too. Giselle does not want this. She wants to save his life. Day breaks. The Wilis disappear. Giselle returns to her grave. Bathilde and the courtiers enter. They are looking for Albrecht. He falls into their arms exhausted.

The French Revolution (17891799) created a French middle class. These people did not like tastes and values of the aristocracy. These tastes and values had influenced French art and literature since the reign of Louis XIV. The power of the aristocracy had ended with the Revolution. Thousands of aristocrats had died on the guillotine, or in massacres. Many died in prisons, or had fled France for safety in other lands. 

After the Revolution, French ballet directors and designers turned their attention to stories based on the Greek and Roman mythologies. The aristocracy liked these stories. The directors and designers however turned instead to the stories the middle class liked. These stories were based on real life, real places, past times, everyday people, and the supernatural.

Two ballets with such stories caused great excitement in Paris in the 1830s. In November 1831, Meyerbeer's opera "Robert le diable" had its first performance. It included a short ballet called "The Ballet of the Nuns". In this little ballet, dead nuns rise from their graves. They dance in the moonlight. The public loved this ballet. In March 1832, the ballet "La Sylphide" was performed. This ballet is about a beautiful sylph (fairy). She loves James, a young Scotsman. Tragedy occurs. James accidentally kills the sylph. 

This ballet brought Marie Taglioni before the French public. She was the first to dance "en pointe". She did this for artistic reasons rather than spectacle. She was also the first to wear the white, bell-shaped, calf-length ballet skirt. This skirt is now considered an essential feature of the romantic ballet. Poet and critic Théophile Gautier attended the first performance of "La Sylphide". His ideas for "Giselle" would show touches of "La Sylphide" ten years later. It would be set in a real place and in the past, for example, and would be about everyday people and supernatural women.

In an 1841 news article announcing the first performance of "Giselle", Théophile Gautier recorded his part in the creation of the ballet. He had read Heinrich Heine's description of the Wilis in "De l'Allemagne", and thought these evil spirits would make a "pretty ballet". He planned their story for Act 2, and settled upon a verse by Victor Hugo called "Fantômes" to provide the inspiration for Act 1. This verse is about a beautiful 15 year old Spanish girl who loves to dance. She becomes too warm at a ball, and dies of a chill in the cool morning. 

Heine's prose passage in "De l'Allemagne" tells of supernatural young women called the Wilis. They have died before their wedding day and rise from their graves in the middle of the night to dance. Any young man who crosses their path is forced to dance to his death. In another book, the Wilis are said to be jilted young women who have died and become vampires. This is assumed to be the reason that they hate men.

Gautier thought Heine's Wilis and Hugo's fifteen year old Spanish girl would make a good ballet story. His first idea was to present an empty ballroom glittering with crystal and candlelight. The Wilis would cast a spell over the floor. Giselle and other dancers would enter and whirl through the room, unable to resist the spell to keep them dancing. Giselle would try to keep her lover from partnering other girls. The Queen of the Wilis would enter, lay her cold hand on Giselle's heart, and the girl would drop dead. 

Gautier was not satisfied with this story. It was basically a succession of dances with one moment of drama at its end. He had no experience writing ballet stories so he called upon Vernoy de St. Georges, a man who had written many stories for the ballet. St. Georges liked Gautier's basic idea of the frail young girl and the Wilis. He wrote the story of Giselle as it is known today in three days, and sent it to Léon Pillet, the director of the Paris Opéra. 

Pillet wanted to present a beautiful young Italian dancer named Carlotta Grisi to the public. He considered "La Sylphide", but Adèle Dumilâtre reminded him that the role had been promised to her. A ballet in preparation, "La Rosière de Gand", was suggested, but Grisi objected. The role was too long and the story was not suitable for dance. Pillet needed a good story, and he found it in "Giselle". Grisi liked the story as much as Pillet did, so "Giselle" was put into development at once.

Adolphe Adam was a popular writer of ballet and opera music in early 19th-century France. He wrote with great speed. He completed "Giselle" in about two months. The music was written in the smooth, song-like style of the day called "cantilena". This style is well known to music lovers from Bellini's opera "Norma" and Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor". 

Adam used several "leitmotifs" in the ballet. A "leitmotif" is a short musical phrase that is associated with a certain character, event, or idea. Adam's leitmotifs are heard several times throughout the ballet. A leitmotif is associated with Giselle, and another with Albrecht. Hilarion's motif marks his every entrance. It suggests the Fate theme in Beethoven's "Fifth Symphony". Another leitmotif is associated with the "he loves me, he loves me not" flower test in Act 1. This leitmotif is heard again in the mad scene, and in Act 2 when Giselle offers flowers to Albrecht. The Wilis have their own motif. It is heard in the overture, in Act 1 when Berthe tells the story of the Wilis, and in the mad scene. It is heard again in Act 2 when the Wilis make their first entrance. The hunting horn motif marks sudden surprises. This motif is heard when Albrecht is exposed as a nobleman.

The music was completely original with Adam. A critic noted however that Adam had borrowed eight bars from a romance by a Miss Puget and three bars from the huntsman's chorus in Carl Maria von Weber's opera "Euryanthé". In addition, two pieces by Friedrich Burgmüller were put into the ballet. One was a waltz called "Souvenir de Ratisbonne". The other music was a group of dances performed by Giselle's friends. It is unknown who put these pieces into the ballet.

One dance historian writes:

Jean Coralli and Jules Perrot designed the dances for "Giselle". Perrot and Carlotta Grisi were lovers, and Perrot designed all of Grisi's dances and all of her pantomime. Everyone in the Paris dance world knew that Perrot had designed Grisi's dances, and Coralli said so, but Perrot was given no official credit in the printed materials such as posters and programs. This was most likely done to prevent Perrot from collecting royalties (money, profits) on the ballet. Perrot liked bold touches and planned several rapid aerial swoops on wires in Act 2 for Giselle. Grisi was afraid of these swoops. A stage hand was brought in to test the swoops. He crashed face-first into the scenery. The swoops were abandoned. 

Cyril Beaumont writes that "Giselle" is made up of two elementsdance and mime. Act 1 features short mimed scenes, he points out, and episodes of dancing which are fused with mime. In Act 2, mime has become fused entirely with dance. He writes that the choreographic vocabulary is composed of a small number of simple steps: 
Beaumont speculates that the simple steps were deliberately planned to allow the "utmost expressiveness." 

Parts of "Giselle" have been cut or changed since the ballet's first night. Giselle's Act 1 pantomime scene in which she tells Albrecht of her strange dream is cut. The peasant "pas de deux" in Act 1 is cut back a bit. The Prince of Courland and his daughter Bathilde used to make their entrance on horseback, but today they walk on. In the original production, the Prince and Bathilde were present at Giselle's death, but now they leave the scene before she dies. The machines used to make Giselle fly and to make her disappear are no longer used. A trapdoor is sometimes employed to make Giselle rise from her grave and then to make her sink into it at the end of Act 2. 

At the end of Act 2, Bathilde formerly entered with the courtiers to search for Albrecht. He took a few unsteady steps toward them and collapsed into their arms. This moment was an artistic parallel to the Act 1 finale when the peasants gathered about the dead Giselle. Now, Bathilde and the courtiers are cut, and Albrecht slowly leaves the stage alone.

Ethnic music, dance, and costume were a large part of romantic ballet. At the time "Giselle" was written, people thought of Germany when they heard a waltz because the waltz was of German origin. Giselle makes her first entrance to the music of a waltz, and the audience would have known at once that the ballet was set in Germany. Adam wrote three waltzes for "Giselle": two for Giselle and one for the Wilis. Adam wrote that the "Giselle Waltz" in Act 1 has "all the German color indicated by the locality." People agreed. One critic wrote: "A lovely waltz ... in the Germanic spirit of the subject". 

At first, Gautier thought that some of the dancers in the Act 2 waltz for the Wilis should dress in ethnic costume and dance ethnic steps. Adam put bits of French, Spanish, German, and Indian -sounding music in the waltz for this purpose. Gautier's "ethnic" idea was dropped as the ballet developed however, and it has not been picked up by modern producers. Today, Act 2 is a "ballet blanc"a "white" ballet in which all the ballerinas and the "corps de ballet" are dressed in full, white, bell-shaped skirts and the dances have a geometric design.

The historical period for "Giselle" is not indicated in the story. Paul Lormier, the chief costume designer at the Paris Opéra, probably consulted Gautier on this matter. It is also possible that Pillet had the ballet's budget in mind and decided to use the many Renaissance-style costumes in the Opéra's wardrobe for "Giselle". These costumes were said to have been those from Rossini's "William Tell" (1829) and Berlioz's "Benvenuto Cellini" (1838). Lormier certainly designed the costumes for the principal characters. His costumes were in use at the Opéra until the ballet was dropped from the repertory in 1853. 

"Giselle" was revived in 1863 with new costumes by Lormier's assistant, Alfred Albert. Albert's costumes are closer to those of modern productions than those of Lormier, and were in use at the opera until 1868. The ballet was revived again in 1924 with scenery and costumes by Alexandre Benois. He wanted to revive the costumes of the original production but dropped the idea, believing the critics would charge him with a lack of imaginative creativity.
Pierre Luc Charles Ciceri was the chief set designer at the Paris Opéra from 1815 to 1847. He designed the sets for the first production of "Giselle". Gautier was not specific about the ballet's locale, but placed it in "some mysterious corner of Germany ... on the other side of the Rhine". This would have been the eastern side. 

"Giselle" was two months in rehearsal. This was a very long rehearsal time for the period. Even so, Ciceri did not have enough time to design sets for both acts and focused on the second act. The sets for the first act were actually those designed for the 1838 ballet, "La Fille du Danube" by Adam. An illustration from "Les Beautés de l'Opera" of 1845 shows Giselle's cottage with a roof of straw on the left, and Albrecht's cottage on the right. The two cottages are framed by the branches of two large trees on either sides of the stage. Between the two cottages, in the distance, appears a castle and slopes covered with vineyards. Although this scene was not designed for "Giselle", it has remained the model for most modern productions. Ciceri's set was in use until the ballet was dropped from the repertoire in 1853. At that time, Gautier noticed that the sets were falling apart: "Giselle's cottage has barely three or four straws on its roof." 

The Act 2 illustration from "Les Beautés" shows a dark wood with a pool of water in the distance. The branches of aged trees create an arch overhead. Beneath these branches on the left is a marble cross with 'Giselle' written on it. From one of its arms hangs the crown of grape leaves Giselle wore as Queen of the Vintage. On the stage, thick weeds and wildflowers (200 bulrushes and 120 branches of flowers) were the undergrowth. The gas jets of the footlights and those overhead suspended in the flies were turned low to create a mood of mystery and terror. 

A circular hole was cut into the backdrop and covered with a transparent material. A strong light behind this hole represented the moon. The light was occasionally manipulated to suggest the passage of clouds. Gautier and St. Georges wanted the pool to be made of large mirrors. Pillet rejected this idea because of its cost. In the 1868 revival however, the mirrors were acquired for this scene.

Adam thought Ciceri's backdrop for Act 1 was "not so good ... it is all weak and pale" but he liked the set for Act 2: "[Ciceri's] second act is a delight, a dark humid forest filled with bulrushes and wild flowers, and ending with a sunrise, seen at first through the trees at the end of the piece, and very magical in its effect." The sunrise also delighted the critics.

The balletomanes of Paris became very excited as the opening night of "Giselle" approached. News reports kept their interest alive. Some reports said that Grisi had had an accident. Some reports said that the conductor was ill with a tumour. Still others said that the stage hands feared for their safety.

Hopes that the ballet would be ready in May were dashed. Opening night was postponed several times. Grisi was absent for a few days and her return was delayed to protect her health. Lighting, trapdoors, and scene changes needed further rehearsals. Cuts were made in Grisi's role to spare the dancer's health. Instead of returning to her tomb at the end of the ballet, it was decided Giselle would be placed on a bed of flowers and sink slowly into the earth. This touch preserved the romantic mood of the Act 2 finale.
At last, on Monday 28 June 1841, the curtain rose on "Giselle" in the Salle Le Peletier. Grisi played Giselle with Lucien Petipa as her lover Albrecht, M. Simon as the gamekeeper Hilarion, and Adèle Dumilâtre as Myrtha, the Queen of the Wilis. Typical of the theatrical practices of the time, "Giselle" was preceded by an excerpt from another productionin this case, the third act of Rossini's opera, "Moise". 

In spite of the chief machinist shouting orders to his crew that could be heard by the audience, "Giselle" was a great success. Grisi was a sensation. Ballet-goers regarded her as another Taglioni, the greatest ballerina of the period.


"Giselle" was a great artistic and commercial success. "Le Constitutionnel" praised Act 2 for its "poetic effects". "Moniteur des théâtres" wrote that Grisi "runs [and] flies across the stage like a gazelle in love". One critic made a detailed analysis of the music in "La France Musicale". He thought the Act 1 waltz "ravishing", and noted that the scene of Berthe's narrative was filled with "quite new" harmonic modulations. He praised other moments in Act 1 (especially the mad scene), and was in raptures with the music of Act 2, singling out the entrance of the Wilis and the viola solo played through Giselle's last moments. He thought the flute and harp music accompanying Giselle as she disappeared into her grave at ballet's end "full of tragic beauty."

Coralli was praised for the Act 1 peasant "pas de deux" and for the "elegance" of Act 2. Coralli followed a suggestion made by Gautier and picked the most beautiful girls in the company to play the peasants and the Wilis. One observer thought the selection process cruel: the almost-beautiful girls were turned away without a second thought.

Grisi and Petipa were great successes as the tragic lovers. Gautier praised their performance in Act 2, writing that the two dancers made the act "a real poem, a choreographic elegy full of charm and tenderness ... More than one eye that thought it was seeing only [dance] was surprised to find its vision obscured by a tearsomething that does not often happen in a ballet ... Grisi danced with a perfection ... that places her in the ranks between Elssler and Taglioni ... Her miming surpassed every expectation ... She is nature and artlessness personified."

Adam thought Petipa "charming" as both dancer and actor, and that he had "rehabilitated" male dancing with his performance. Of Dumilâtre he wrote, "... in spite of her coldness, [Dumilâtre] deserved the success she achieved by the correctness and the 'mythological' quality of her poses: perhaps this word may seem a little pretentious, but I can think of no other to express such cold and noble dancing as would suit Minerva in a merry mood, and in this respect [Dumilâtre] seems to bear a strong resemblamce to that goddess."

"Giselle" made 6500 francs between June and September 1841. This was twice the amount for the same time period in 1839. Grisi's salary was increased to make her the top earner among the dancers at the Opéra. Souvenirs were sold. Pictures of Grisi as Giselle were printed, and sheet music arrangements were made for social dancing. The sculptor Emile Thomas made a statuette of Giselle in her Act 2 costume. A silk cloth was manufactured called "façonné Giselle", and Madame Lainné, a milliner, sold an artificial flower called 'Giselle'. The ballet was parodied at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal in October 1841.

"Giselle" was performed in Paris from its debut in 1841 to 1849. It was then dropped from the repertory. Grisi always danced the title role. The ballet was revived in 1852 and 1853, but without Grisi. The work was dropped from the repertory after 1853. It was revived in 1863 for a Russian ballerina then dropped in 1868. It was revived almost 50 years later in 1924 for the debut of Olga Spessivtzeva. This production was revived in 1932 and 1938.

"Giselle" was produced by other ballet companies in Europe and America almost immediately after its first night. The British had their first taste of "Giselle"not with the ballet but with a drama based on the ballet called "Giselle, or The Phantom Night Dancers" by William Moncrieff. He had seen the ballet in Paris the same year. The play was performed on 23 August 1841 at the Theatre Royal, Sadler's Wells. 

The actual ballet was first staged in London at Her Majesty's Theatre on 12 March 1842 with Grisi as Giselle and Perrot as Albrecht. The dances were credited to Perrot and one Deshayes. It was revived many times, once in 1884 with a Mlle. Sismondi in the role of Albrecht. This production was received with little enthusiasm. It was preceded by the operetta "Pocahontas".

The ballet was staged by Diaghilev's Ballets Russes in 1911 at the Royal Opera, Covent Garden with Tamara Karsavina and Nijinsky as Giselle and Albrecht. Anna Pavlova danced Giselle with her own company in 1913. Alicia Markova danced the role with the Vic-Wells Ballet in 1934, and Margot Fonteyn took the role in 1937 when Markova left the company. The English loved "Giselle". In 1942, for example, three different companies were dancing the ballet in London.
"Giselle" was first performed in Russia at the Bolshoi Theatre, St. Petersburg, on 18 December 1842. Gedeonov, the Director of the St. Petersburg Imperial Theatres, sent his Ballet Master Titus to Paris to find a new ballet for ballerina Elena Andreyanova. Titus picked "Giselle". The Ballet Master then staged the work completely from memory in St. Petersburg. Perrot produced "Giselle" in St. Petersburg in 1851. He made many changes to the ballet in his years of service to the Imperial Ballet. In the 1880s, Ballet Master Marius Petipa made many changes to the Perrot production.

"Giselle" was first staged in Italy at Teatro alla Scala in Milan on 17 January 1843. The music however was not Adam's, but that of one N. Bajetti. The dances were not the original either, but those of one A. Cortesi. It is possible, but unknown if, the ballet was first staged in the provincial theatres.

In 1844, American ballerina Mary Ann Lee arrived in Paris to study with Coralli for a year. She returned to the United States in 1841 with the directions for "Giselle" and other ballets. Lee was the first to present "Giselle" in the United States. She did this on 1 January 1846 in Boston at the Howard Athenæum. George Washington Smith played Albrecht. Lee danced "Giselle" (again with Smith) on 13 April 1846 at the Park Theatre in New York City.

Nijinsky was going to dance Albrecht for the first time in St. Petersburg in January 1911. The Czar and his family would be present. Diaghilev wanted Nijinsky to wear the Renaissance-style costume he had worn in Paris the same month. It was easier to dance in than the thick pants of traditional Russian Albrechts, but his genitals (though covered) could be detected. He was ordered not to wear it. Nijinsky said that he only wanted to dance well. According to Stravinsky, Nijinsky wore not much more than the tightest tights and a padded athletic supporter (jockstrap). The next day, the angry director of the Imperial Theatres ordered Nijinsky to apologize. Complaints about the dancer were collected here and there. Nijinsky knew Diaghilev would give him work, so he resigned. On 24 January 1911 he was officially dismissed from the Imperial Theatres.
Act I

Act II



IONIS School of Technology and Management

IONIS School of Technology and Management (IONIS STM) is a French private graduate school in information technology, computer science, energy, biotechnology and management.
It was made in 2009 and is in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre.

The school delivers 14 Master of Business Administration (MBA) recognized by French State and can teach both technical and management aspects.



Kōwa (Heian period)






Robert Vince

Robert Vince (born April 8, 1962) is a Canadian director, producer, writer and screenwriter. He is the director of the "Air Buddies" movies and the brother of William Vince. Vince is the CEO of PeyPix Productions.

Roux

Roux is a cooking mixture of wheat flour and butter (or other fat). It is the basis of many types of French sauce for cooking.

Roux is the thickening agent of three of the mother sauces of classical French cuisine: "sauce béchamel", "sauce velouté" and "sauce espagnole". Clarified butter, vegetable oils, or lard are commonly used fats. It thickens gravy, other sauces, soups and stews. It is made from equal parts of flour and fat by weight. 

When used in Italian cooking, roux is traditionally equal parts of butter and flour. In Cajun cuisine, roux is almost always made with oil instead of butter and is dark brown in colour. This lends much richness of flavour, but less thickening power. Hungarian cuisine uses rendered lard or vegetable oil instead of butter for the preparation of "roux" (called "rántás" in Hungarian).

Minute Waltz

The "Minute Waltz" is the nickname for the Waltz in D flat major, Op. 64, No. 1 by Frederic Chopin. It was written in 1847. It is a piece of music for the piano. It is sometimes called "The Waltz of the Little Dog" (). This is because Chopin was watching a little dog chase its tail when he wrote it. The little dog was "Marquis". He belonged to Chopin's friend George Sand. Marquis had befriended Chopin. The composer mentioned Marquis in several of his letters. In one letter dated 25 November 1846, Chopin wrote: "Please thank Marquis for missing me and for sniffing at my door." 

The waltz was published by Breitkopf & Härtel. It was the first of three waltzes in a collection of waltzes called "Trois Valses, Op. 64". The publisher gave the waltz its popular nickname "Minute". The word here means small or little. The tempo marking is Molto vivace (), but Chopin did not intend the waltz to be played in one minute as some believe. A typical performance will last between one and a half to two and a half minutes. 

The time signature is 3/4. The waltz is 138 measures long with one fifteen-measure repeat. The waltz is written in ternary, or ABA form. The A section is characterized by a whirling line of eighth notes and triplets over the "om-pah-pah" rhythm of the waltz. The whirling line of the A section is abandoned in the B section. This section consists of a consistent half note and quarter note pattern from bar to bar. The B section breaks off and a long trill heralds the return of the A section, which is repeated in full. The waltz ends with a descending scale. 

In popular culture, Minute Waltz was used on Pretty Little Liars, The Girlfriend Experience, One Tree Hill, and Sex and the City. 


LGBT rights in Cyprus

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Cyprus may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Both male and female same-sex sexual activity are legal in Cyprus and civil unions became legal in November 2015.

In Cyprus, the socially conservative Eastern Orthodox Church has a significant influence over public opinion when it comes to LGBT-rights. However, ever since Cyprus sought membership in the European Union it has had to change its human rights legislation, including its laws regarding sexual orientation and gender identity.

Same-sex sexual activity is Legal within the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus since the 7th of February in 2014. Previous laws allowed three years prison sentences, according to articles 171 and 173 of its criminal code. Female homosexuality was not criminalised. Arrests for Homosexuality have occurred as recently as 2011.

The Laws were a legacy of British colonial rule, left over after the Island gained Independence in the 1960s. While the south decriminalised homosexuality in 1998 in order to accede to the European Union (EU) in 2004, the North's disputed status means it lies outside the EU's jurisdiction. On the 27th of January in 2014, the Assembly of the Republic, the Northern Cypriot Parliament, voted to abolish the criminal code provisions that outlawed Same-sex relations between men and males, becoming the last territory in do so within Europe in order to decriminalise Sexual relations between consenting, Adult men. The Bill was signed into Law, and published in the official gazette on the 7th of February in 2014. It took immediate effect upon publication.

Calls have been made by non-governmental organisations to legalise Same-sex marriage. In 2012, the Communal Democracy Party proposed a law that would have Legalised Same-sex marriages, but the Legislation was opposed by the then-ruling National Unity Party.

LGBT rights in Turkey

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Turkey may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Homosexuality is legal in the Republic of Turkey, but the law does not include sexual orientation or gender identity in its civil rights laws and there is no legal recognition for same-sex couples. But sexual reassignment surgery is allowed and legal sex change has been possible since 1988. On the 9th of August in 1858, the Ottoman Caliph decriminalised homosexuality. This affected many countries in the three continents of the Old World, respectively. When Turkey became a solo nation in 1920, it didn’t see a need to change this law. Omer Akpinar, who is with KAOS LG, which is one of the largest LGBT organizations in Turkish Republic, told Mashable that their organization was never censored. Jack Scott, a British writer who moved to Turkey with his partner and who is the author of "Perking the Pansies: Jack and Liam Move to Turkey", said his talking to the real estate company Quest Turkey.
Turkey tends to be socially conservative when it comes to such issues as homosexuality.

Piano Sonata No. 16 (Mozart)

The Sonata No. 16 in C major, K. 545, is a piece of music for solo piano. It was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. On 26 June 1788, he added the piece to his catalogue as "a little Piano Sonata for beginners". He may have written the piece for a pupil. If he did, that pupil is not known. In the end, the story behind the sonata is a mystery.

On 2 August 1788 Mozart wrote a letter to his sister Nannerl. She was living in Salzburg. He had sent her some pieces for the piano. He wrote, "Indeed you have every reason to be vexed with me! But will you really be so, when you receive by this mail coach my very latest compositions for the keyboard? Surely not! This, I hope, will make everything all right again." This passage might refer to the Sonata in C. But it may refer to other keyboard compositions Mozart wrote the same year. 

The manuscript is lost. The piece was not published during Mozart's lifetime. It was first published in February 1805 by the Bureau des arts et d'Industrie in Vienna. It was titled "Sonate facile pour le pianoforte" (). At least three more editions were published within a short time. Breitkopf & Härtel did not include it in their Oeuvres complettes. A typical performance lasts about 14 minutes.

The first movement is written in sonata form. It is in the key of C major. The tempo marking is Allegro (Fast). The opening theme is accompanied by an Alberti bass played in the left hand. A bridge passage composed of scales follows, arriving at a cadence in G major, the key in which the second theme is then played. A codetta follows to conclude the exposition. The exposition is repeated. The development starts in G minor and modulates through several keys. The recapitulation begins in the subdominant key of F major. According to Charles Rosen, the practice of beginning a recapitulation in the subdominant was "rare at the time [the sonata] was written"..

The second movement is in the key of G major, the dominant key of C major. The music modulates to the dominant key of D major, and then back to G major in which the exposition is heard again. For the development, the music modulates to G minor, then B♭ major, then C minor, then G minor and finally back to G major, at which point the recapitulation occurs followed by a short coda.

The third movement is in rondo form. It is in the tonic key of C major. The first theme is lively. It sets the mood of the piece. The second theme is in G major. It has an Alberti bass in the left hand. The first theme appears again. A third theme is in a minor key. It modulates through different keys before returning to C major. The first theme appears again. It is followed by a coda, and the rondo ends in C major. 

The finale was transcribed to F major. It was put together with a solo piano arrangement of the second movement of the violin sonata in F major. It became the Piano Sonata in F major, K. 547a.


Minuet in G (Beethoven)

The Minuet in G, WoO 10, No. 2 is a piece of music for the piano. It was composed by Ludwig van Beethoven. The piece was originally written for orchestra. This version was lost. Only an arrangement for piano exists. It is a very popular piece, especially among beginning pianists.

The piece is composed in what is called ternary form or ABA form. This means that the piece has three distinct sections. The first and the third sections (the A sections) are the same. The second section (the B section) is entirely different music. The B section often provides a contrast in some way to the A section. The tempo marking for the Minuet in G is Moderato. The meter is 3/4.

The A section is composed of two 8 bar passages for a total of 16 bars. The tune is characterized by a repetitious but elegant dotted eighth note and sixteenth note legato pattern. The first 8 bars are played and repeated. This passage begins in the tonic key of G major, and modulates to the dominant key of D major. The second 8 bars are played and repeated. This passage begins in the dominant key of D major, and modulates to the tonic key of G major. The first phrase of this passage begins with 4 bars of principally quarter notes. The phrase returns to the dotted eighth note pattern at its close. Thus, the entire A section begins and ends in the tonic key with brushes on the dominant here and there. The right hand is occupied with playing mostly thirds and sixths through the A section. The left hand plays only quarter notes. 

Like the A section, the B section (or the Trio) is composed of two 8 bar passages for a total of 16 bars. Like the A section, it begins in the tonic key of G major, and modulates to the dominant key of D major at the end of the first 8 bars. This passage is repeated. The second 8 bars begin in the dominant key and end in the tonic key. These 8 bars are repeated. The entire B section is characterized by flowing, uninterrupted eighth notes in the right hand. The left hand plays quarter notes but briefly joins the right hand in playing eighth notes at the beginning of the second 8 bar passage. The left hand returns to playing quarter notes as the passage closes. When the B section is completed and all the repeats have been taken, the piece returns the A section. This return is usually played without performing the repeats.


Come On Over (Shania Twain album)

Come on Over is an album released by country music singer Shania Twain. 
It was released in 1997. 
It is the biggest selling album by a female country singer. 
All of the songs were written by Shania Twain and Mutt Lange. 

Singles released off of the album include the title track, "That Don't Impress Me Much", "Man! I Feel Like A Woman!", 
"Honey, I'm Home", "You're Still The One", "From This Moment On", "You've Got A Way", "Love Gets Me Every Time," "Don't Be Stupid!", "When", "Rock This Country!", and "I'm Holding On To Love (To Save My Life)".

Up! (album)

Up! is the fourth studio album released by country music artist Shania Twain. It was released in 2002. Shania Twain and Mutt Lange wrote all of the songs. Singles released off the album include the title track, ""It Only Hurts When I'm Breathing"", ""Ka-Ching!"", ""I'm Gonna Getcha Good!"", ""Forever and For Always"", ""She's Not Just A Pretty Face"", and ""When You Kiss Me"".

Newbery Medal

The John Newbery Medal is a literary award of the American Library Association (ALA).

The medal is given to writers of books for children.

The Newbery Medal has been given since 1922. It was the first children's literary award in the world. It is named for John Newbery, an 18th century English publisher of books for children.

Since 1971, there has also been the "Newbery Honor". Each year, one or more books are named "Newbery Honor books". Some books from before 1971 were also named Newbery Honor books.

Books with a yellow background won the Newbery Medal. Books with a white background are Newbery Honor Books.



Masuho, Yamanashi

On March 8, 2010, two towns combined to become a new town. Masuho and Kajikazawa became Fujikawa.


Fujikawa, Yamanashi

Fujikawa is a town in Minamikoma District, Yamanashi, Japan.

On March 8, 2010 the towns of Masuho and Kajikazawa combined to become the new town of "Fujikawa".


Muroran

Muroran is a city and port that is in Iburi, Hokkaidō, Japan. Muroran is the capital city of Iburi Subprefecture.



Tenshō (Heian period)




Standing start

A standing start is a type of start in auto racing events where cars are standing still when the race begins. In a standing start, cars are completely still when a green signal is given to start the race. This often follows a set of lights that count down to the start of the race. Standing starts are common in many motorsports, including drag racing, most single-seat (Formula One and GP2 Series), Touring Cars (most notably British and World Touring Cars), V8 Supercars, and many types of short-course off-road races. The standing start often occurs following a parade lap.

The opposite of a standing start is a rolling start. Standing starts are often deemed safer in Formula sports because of high acceleration speeds, which could cause problems if a rolling start were used. A standing start can cause problems like stalled cars being hit by the driver who starts behind them on the grid. Motorsports using standing starts usually penalize drivers who "jump the start", or redlight, by moving before the green light is lit.

Communist Party of the Russian Federation

The Communist Party of the Russian Federation (CPRF; Russian: Коммунистическая партия Российской Федерации) is a Communist and Marxist–Leninist political party in Russia. It is the second largest political party in Russia. The party is often viewed as the successor of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU).

The CPSU was banned in 1991 by then-Russian President Boris Yeltsin after a failed coup attempt. The youth organisation of the party is the Leninist Young Communist League. The party is led by a Central Committee.

The CPRF was founded on 14 February 1993. It is founded as the successor of the Communist Party of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (CPRSFSR).

As of 2015, the party has 160,000 members. The party's goal is to establish a new, modernized form of socialism in Russia. The party wants to nationalize natural resources, agriculture and large industries.

The party believes in Marxism-Leninism and patriotism. The party is known to have extreme patriotism towards Russia. The party is also known to greatly like Joseph Stalin.


Set Fire to the Rain

"Set Fire to the Rain" is the second hit song from Adele's second album "21". It was her third number-one single in the United States. It hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming her third song to do so. It reached number 12 on the year-end chart of 2012 in the US. It has also been certified quadruple-Platinum for shipments of over four million copies in the US.

No proper music video was shot for "Set Fire to the Rain" (as well as other singles from "21", "Rumor Has It" and "Turning Tables") as Adele had recently undergone vocal surgery. Instead, a live performance video was uploaded to her Vevo account and has received more than 380 million views as of October 2017.

Credits are taken from "21" liner notes.


Lippelo

Lippelo is a small town in the Belgian province of Antwerp. It is a part of the municipality of Sint-Amands. Lippelo had 1173 people as of 01/01/2006.

Lippelo was an independent municipality until 1976. Then, it became, along with Oppuurs, part of the municipality of Sint-Amands.

Lippelo has an area of 4,14 km².

Seattle Thunderbirds

The Seattle Thunderbirds are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1977. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Kent, Washington, south of Seattle, at the ShoWare Center. They were known as the Vancouver Nats from 1971 to 73, the Kamloops Chiefs from 1973 to 77, and the Seattle Breakers from 1977 to 85. 


Twelve Variations on &quot;Ah vous dirai-je, Maman&quot;

Twelve Variations on "Ah vous dirai-je, Maman", K. 265/300e, is a piece of music for piano. It was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1781 or 1782. The variations were first published in Vienna in 1785. The piece consists of twelve variations on the French folk song "Ah! vous dirai-je, Maman". The French melody first appeared in 1761. It has been used for many children's songs, such as "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star", "Baa, Baa, Black Sheep" and the "Alphabet Song". Only Variations XI and XII have tempo indications, "Adagio" and "Allegro" respectively.

It was once thought that this piece was composed in 1778 when Mozart was briefly living in Paris. It was assumed that he could only have picked up a French folk song while living in France. Based on this assumption, the piece was re-numbered from K. 265 to K. 300e in the chronological catalogue of Mozart's compositions. Later analysis of Mozart's manuscript indicated 1781/1782 as the probable composition date.


Russian Communist Workers' Party – Revolutionary Party of Communists

The Communist Workers Party of Russia - Revolutionary Party of Communists (RCWP-RPC) (Russian: Российская Коммунистическая Рабочая Партия – Революционная Партия Коммунистов)is a Communist political party in Russia. The party was created in October 2001, wanting to bring Communism and the Soviet Union back.

The RCWP-PRC is run by Viktor Tyulkin.

In the 1999 State Duma Election, the party got 1,481,890 votes overall. As of 2006, the party claims 55,000 members. The party also has no representatives in the State Duma or the Regional Parliaments.

Izhevsk

Izhevsk (Russian: Иже́вск) is the capital city of Udmurt Republic in Russia. The population is 628,116 people. From 1984 to 1987, the city's name was Ustinov (in honour of the Minister of Defense of the USSR and the Marshal of the Soviet Union, Dmitry Ustinov).

Izhevsk is a major economic center for the Udmurt Republic. Military industry is the most popular type of economy in Izhevsk. Many military companies operate in the city. The companies produce military guns that are popular in Russia and other countries. The companies also are known to produce automobiles. In 2006, the Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez took a tour in the city, and he wanted to purchase many of the popular weapons available.


The Izhevsk Pond is one of the most famous recreational places. It is about 22 km, and it was artificially made (some parts were even made by hand). The pond was created in the 1760s for the industry.

List of Japan international footballers

This is a list of Japan international footballers – Japanese association football players who have played for the Japan national football team as recorded by the Japan Football Association.

"Update; December 31, 2020"


François Pierre La Varenne

François Pierre de la Varenne (Burgundy, 1615 – Dijon 1678) was the author of "Le Cuisinier françois" (1651), the founding text of modern French cuisine. 

La Varenne, in the 17th century, broke with the Italian traditions that had revolutionized mediaeval French cookery in the 16th century. La Varenne wrote for professional chefs, and codified French cuisine for the age of Louis XIV. 

The seventeenth century saw French cooking come into the modern era. The heavily spiced flavours of the Middle Ages were abandoned in favour of the natural flavours of French foods. Exotic spices (saffron, cinnamon, cumin, ginger, nutmeg, cardamom, nigella, seeds of paradise) were, with the exception of pepper, replaced by local herbs (parsley, thyme, bayleaf, chervil, sage, tarragon). New vegetables like cauliflower, asparagus, peas, cucumber and artichoke were introduced. Special care was given to the cooking of meat in order to conserve maximum flavour. Vegetables had to be fresh and tender. Fish, with the improvement of transportation, had to be impeccably fresh. Preparation had to respect the taste and visual look of the ingredients instead of masking them as had been done before.

La Varenne introduced the first bisque and Béchamel sauce. He replaced crumbled bread with roux as the base for sauces, and lard with butter. Here one finds the first use of the terms bouquet garni, "fonds de cuisine" (stocks) and reductions, and the use of egg-whites for clarification. It also has the earliest recipe in print for mille-feuille. The cooking of vegetables is discussed, a novelty. In a fragrant sauce for asparagus there is evidence of an early form of hollandaise sauce:

La Varenne had earlier (1650) written a book on "confitures"—jams, jellies and preserves. That included recipes for syrups, compotes and a great variety of fruit drinks, as well as a section on salads.

La Varenne wrote a third book, "Le Pâtissier françois" (Paris 1653), which was the first comprehensive French work on pastry-making. In 1662 was the first of the combined editions that presented all three works together. All the early editions of La Varenne's works—"Le Cuisinier françois" ran through some thirty editions in seventy-five years—are extremely rare; like children's books, they too were worn to pieces, in the kitchen, and simply used up.

Pirated editions of "Le Cuisinier françois" were printed in Amsterdam (1653) and The Hague (1654-56). Soon there were imitators: "Le cuisinier françois méthodique" was published anonymously in Paris, 1660. The English translation, "The French Cook" (London 1653) was the first French cookbook translated into English. It introduced professional terms like "à la mode", "au bleu" (very rare), and "au naturel" which are now standard culinary expressions. Its success can be gauged from the fact that over 250,000 copies were printed in about 250 editions and it remained in print until 1815. 

La Varenne had ten years' experience as "chef de cuisine" to the Marquis d'Uxelles, to whom he dedicated his publications and whom he immortalized in "duxelles", finely-minced mushrooms seasoned with herbs and shallots, which is still a favourite flavouring for fish and vegetables. 

"Le Cuisinier françois" was reprinted in 1983, published by Editions Montalba with a comprehensive introductory essay.


École des technologies numériques appliquées

The École des technologies numériques appliquées (ETNA) is a French private graduate school in information technology and computer science. It was made in 2005 and is in Ivry-sur-Seine.

The school has two courses, software development and computer network/security, and delivers a degree recognized by French State. It teaches with a dual education system.


Handel's Largo

"Handel's Largo" is the popular title for an aria composed by George Frideric Handel. He wrote it in 1738 for the opera "Serse" (). The opera was a failure. It closed after only five performances. One hundred years later though the aria was resurrected. It became a big hit. It was performed at solemn occasions such as funerals and weddings. It was arranged for all sorts of instruments and voices. It is known by many people as "Ombra mai fu" because those words are the first words of the aria. The title is Italian and means "Never was a shade". The aria is sung by the main character, Xerxes I of Persia. He is admiring the shade of a tree. The original tempo is larghetto (a little slow and solemn). The aria is short. It is only 52 bars long. It lasts about four minutes. In the opera, a string section accompanies the singer. These strings are first and second violins, viola, and basses. The key signature is F major. The time signature is 4/4 time. 


Water Music (Handel)

The Water Music is a group of pieces for Baroque orchestra. The pieces were composed by George Frideric Handel. The "Water Music" is made up of three suites. These suites include minuets, hornpipes, bourrées, and other dances. In total, there are three suites (F major, D major, G major), made up of 22 individual pieces. 

Legend says the three suites were first played on a trip taken by King George I of Great Britain up the Thames to Chelsea or Lambeth on 17 July 1717. The King had known Handel for a long time. For some reason though, he was angry with Handel. The "Water Music" was Handel's way of appeasing the King. Fifty musicians floated alongside the King's barge playing the suites. The King was so pleased he ordered "Water Music" played three times.

Another legend has it that he played it for a party King George was having. It says he hired Handel to write a piece of music for him and his royal friends to listen to while sailing in the water; thus the name Water Music.

All the instruments in the Baroque orchestra were included in the composition, except the harpsichord and timpani. It would have been difficult to bring these instruments aboard a barge. The instruments in a complete performance are a flute, two recorders, two oboes, one bassoon, two horns, two trumpets, strings, and continuo.

Yoshio Fujiwara

After graduating from Mikage Higher Normal School, Fujiwara played for Osaka SC which many Japan national team players Kiyoo Kanda, Shiro Azumi, Fukusaburo Harada, Usaburo Hidaka, Toshio Hirabayashi, Setsu Sawagata, Kikuzo Kisaka and Shumpei Inoue were playing in those days.

In May 1923, Fujiwara was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. But Japan lost this match (1-2). This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match".

!Total||1||0

Naoemon Shimizu

Shimizu was born in Hiroshima Prefecture. He played for his local club Rijo Shukyu-Dan. He won 1924 and 1925 Emperor's Cup with international players Shizuo Miyama and Sachi Kagawa.

In May 1923, Shimizu was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". Next day, he played and scored a goal against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (1-2, v Philippines and 1-5, v Republic of China). He played 2 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1923.

After retirement, Shimizu kept a kimono shop in Hiroshima. However, on August 6, 1945, he (aged 44) died with his wife (aged 38) (Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki).

!Total||2||1

Ryuzo Shimizu

Shimizu was born on September 30, 1902. After graduating from Tokyo Aoyama Normal School, he played for Tokyo Shukyu-Dan which was founded by his alma mater school graduates.

In May 1923, Shimizu was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines and scored a goal in the 5th minute. However, Japan was lost at the end. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match" and this goal is Japan team first goal in International A Match. Next day, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (1-2, v Philippines and 1-5, v Republic of China). He played 2 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1923.

!Total||2||1

Fukusaburo Harada

Harada played for Osaka SC which was founded by his alma mater Meisei Commercial High School graduates with many Japan national team players Kiyoo Kanda, Shiro Azumi, Usaburo Hidaka, Toshio Hirabayashi, Setsu Sawagata, Kikuzo Kisaka, Yoshio Fujiwara and Shumpei Inoue.

In May 1923, Harada was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". Next day, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (1-2, v Philippines and 1-5, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1923. He was also selected Japan for 1925 Far Eastern Championship Games, but he did not compete, as he was the team's reserve goalkeeper behind Yanosuke Watanabe.

!Total||2||0

Usaburo Hidaka

Hidaka played for Osaka SC which was founded by his alma mater Meisei Commercial High School graduates and many Japan national team players Kiyoo Kanda, Shiro Azumi, Fukusaburo Harada, Toshio Hirabayashi, Setsu Sawagata, Kikuzo Kisaka, Yoshio Fujiwara and Shumpei Inoue were playing in those days.

In May 1923, Hidaka was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". Next day, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (1-2, v Philippines and 1-5, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1923.

!Total||2||0

Shizuo Miyama

Miyama was born in Hiroshima Prefecture. After graduating from Keio University, he played for his local club Rijo Shukyu-Dan. He won the 1924 and 1925 Emperor's Cup with international players Naoemon Shimizu and Sachi Kagawa.

In May 1923, Miyama was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". Next day, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (1-2, v Philippines and 1-5, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1923.

!Total||2||0

Toshio Hirabayashi

After graduating from Kobe Higher Commercial School, Hirabayashi played for Osaka SC which many Japan national team players Kiyoo Kanda, Shiro Azumi, Fukusaburo Harada, Usaburo Hidaka, Setsu Sawagata, Kikuzo Kisaka, Yoshio Fujiwara and Shumpei Inoue were playing in those days.

In May 1923, Hirabayashi was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". Next day, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (1-2, v Philippines and 1-5, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1923.

!Total||2||0

Setsu Sawagata

Sawagata played for Osaka SC which many Japan national team players Kiyoo Kanda, Shiro Azumi, Fukusaburo Harada, Usaburo Hidaka, Toshio Hirabayashi, Kikuzo Kisaka, Yoshio Fujiwara and Shumpei Inoue were playing in those days.

In May 1923, Sawagata was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". Next day, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (1-2, v Philippines and 1-5, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1923.

!Total||2||0

Kikuzo Kisaka

After graduating from Kobe Higher Commercial School, Kisaka played for Osaka SC which many Japan national team players Kiyoo Kanda, Shiro Azumi, Fukusaburo Harada, Usaburo Hidaka, Toshio Hirabayashi, Setsu Sawagata, Yoshio Fujiwara and Shumpei Inoue were playing in those days.

In May 1923, Kisaka was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". Next day, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (1-2, v Philippines and 1-5, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1923.

!Total||2||0

Shumpei Inoue

After graduating from Mikage Higher Normal School, Inoue played for Osaka SC which many Japan national team players Kiyoo Kanda, Shiro Azumi, Fukusaburo Harada, Usaburo Hidaka, Toshio Hirabayashi, Setsu Sawagata, Kikuzo Kisaka and Yoshio Fujiwara were playing in those days.

In May 1923, Inoue was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 24, he debuted against Republic of China. But Japan lost the matches (1-5).

!Total||1||0

Shiro Azumi

After graduating from Meisei Commercial High School, Azumi played for Osaka SC which was founded by his alma mater high school graduates and many Japan national team players Kiyoo Kanda, Fukusaburo Harada, Usaburo Hidaka, Toshio Hirabayashi, Setsu Sawagata, Kikuzo Kisaka, Yoshio Fujiwara, Shumpei Inoue, Yoshimatsu Oyama, Toshio Miyaji, Uichiro Hatta, Sakae Takahashi and Kiyonosuke Marutani were playing in those days.

In May 1923, Azumi was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". He also played at 1925 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. He played 3 games for Japan until 1925. But Japan lost in both matches.

!Total||||0

Kiyoo Kanda

Kanda played for Osaka SC which was founded by his alma mater Meisei Commercial High School graduates and many Japan national team players Shiro Azumi, Fukusaburo Harada, Usaburo Hidaka, Toshio Hirabayashi, Setsu Sawagata, Kikuzo Kisaka, Yoshio Fujiwara, Shumpei Inoue, Yoshimatsu Oyama, Toshio Miyaji, Uichiro Hatta, Sakae Takahashi and Kiyonosuke Marutani were playing in those days.

In May 1923, Kanda was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Osaka. At this competition, on May 23, he debuted against Philippines. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". He also played at 1925 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. He played 4 games for Japan until 1925. But Japan lost in both matches.

Kanda died on May 9, 1970.

!Total||4||0

Yanosuke Watanabe

In May 1925, when Watanabe was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 17, he debuted against Philippines. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1925.

!Total||2||0

Yoshimatsu Oyama

After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, Oyama played for Osaka SC which many Japan national team players Toshio Miyaji, Uichiro Hatta, Sakae Takahashi and Kiyonosuke Marutani were playing in those days.

In May 1925, Oyama was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 17, he debuted against Philippines. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1925.

!Total||2||0

Toshio Miyaji

Miyaji played for Osaka SC which many Japan national team players Yoshimatsu Oyama, Uichiro Hatta, Sakae Takahashi and Kiyonosuke Marutani were playing in those days.

In May 1925, Miyaji was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 17, he debuted against Philippines. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1925.

!Total||2||0

Uichiro Hatta

Hatta was born in Osaka on September 10, 1903. He played for Osaka SC which was founded by his alma mater high school graduates and many Japan national team players Yoshimatsu Oyama, Toshio Miyaji, Sakae Takahashi and Kiyonosuke Marutani were playing in those days.

In May 1925, Hatta was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 17, he debuted against Philippines. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1925.

After retirement, Hatta entered Tokyo Imperial University and studied law. He graduated from university in 1930 and he became a judge. He worked at Tokyo District Court and so on.

April 20, 1989, Hatta died of heart failure in Fujisawa at the age of 85.

!Total||2||0

Hifuyo Uchida

In May 1925, when Uchida was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 17, he debuted against Philippines. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1925.

!Total||2||0

Alcina

Alcina is an opera seria with music by George Frideric Handel. The libretto was written by Riccardo Broschi. The opera is based on an episode in Ludovico Ariosto's "Orlando furioso", an epic poem set in the time of Charlemagne's wars against Islam. Handel composed several little ballets in the opera for the famous dancer Marie Sallé.

"Alcina" was first performed on 16 April 1735 at Covent Garden in London. It was revived in Germany in 1738. It was not performed again until 1928.

Joan Sutherland sang the role for her debut in Venice in 1960. She sang it again the same year in Dallas. She sang it at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1962. Renée Fleming sang the role in Chicago in 1999.


Alcina is a sorceress. She changes people into stones, trees, and animals. Bradamente lands on Alcina's island looking for her fiancé Ruggiero. He has been enchanted by Alcina. He is in love with her.

Bradamente has a magic ring that allows her to break spells. She intends to use it to free Alcina's victims. She lets Ruggiero wear it. He sees at once that Alcina is a cruel enchantress and that her island is a desert.

Alcina is truly in love with Ruggiero. Her magic powers slip away. Bradamente and Ruggiero destroy an urn that is the source of Alcina's power. Alcina's world disappears. Her victims become humans again.



Jiro Miyake

In May 1925, when Miyake was a Kansai University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 17, he debuted against Philippines. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1925.

After graduating from Kansai University, Miyake joined Asahi Shimbun in 1926.

On November 30, 1984, Miyake died of pneumonia at the age of 83.

!Total||2||0

Sachi Kagawa

Kagawa was born in Hiroshima Prefecture. He played for his local club Rijo Shukyu-Dan. He won 1924 and 1925 Emperor's Cup with international players Naoemon Shimizu and Shizuo Miyama.

In May 1925, Kagawa was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 17, he debuted against Philippines. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1925.

!Total||2||0

Masao Takada

Takada played for Kwangaku Club which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates.

In May 1925, when Takada was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 17, he debuted against Philippines. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1925.

!Total||2||0

Masuzo Madono

In May 1925, when Madono was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 17, he debuted against Philippines. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. But Japan lost in both matches (0-4, v Philippines and 0-2, v Republic of China). He played 2 games for Japan in 1925.

!Total||2||0

Sakae Takahashi

Takahashi played for Osaka SC which many Japan national team players Yoshimatsu Oyama, Toshio Miyaji, Uichiro Hatta and Kiyonosuke Marutani were playing in those days.

In May 1925, Takahashi was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 20, he debuted against Republic of China. But Japan lost in this match (0-2).

!Total||1||0

Kiyonosuke Marutani

Marutani played for Osaka SC which was founded by his alma mater Meisei Commercial High School graduates and many Japan national team players Yoshimatsu Oyama, Toshio Miyaji, Uichiro Hatta and Sakae Takahashi were playing in those days.

In May 1925, Marutani was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 20, he debuted against Republic of China. But Japan lost in this match (0-2).

!Total||1||0

Kinjiro Shimizu

In May 1925, when Shimizu was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 20, he debuted against Republic of China. But Japan lost in this match (0-2).

!Total||1||0

Shojiro Sugimura

Sugimura was born in Osaka on April 4, 1905. He played for Waseda WMW which was consisted of his alma mater Waseda University players and graduates. At the club, he played with many Japan national team players Shigeyoshi Suzuki, Haruo Arima, Misao Tamai, Tamotsu Asakura, Shigeru Takahashi, Nagayasu Honda, Ko Takamoro and Michiyo Taki.

In August 1927, when Sugimura was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted against Republic of China.

After retirement, Sugimura joined Japan Football Association and served as a director. He also worked Ministry of Education, Science and Culture and taught as professor at Sophia University.

On January 15, 1975, Sugimura died of myocardial infarction in Bunkyo, Tokyo at the age of 69.

!Total||1||0

Junji Nishikawa

Nishikawa was born on June 29, 1907. In August 1927, when he was a Hosei University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted against Republic of China. On August 29, he also played against Philippines and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". He played 2 games for Japan in 1927.

!Total||2||0

Daigoro Kondo

Kondo was born in Tokyo Metropolis on June 1, 1907. He played for Tokyo Imperial University LB which was consisted of his alma mater Tokyo Imperial University players and graduates.

In August 1927, when Kondo was a Mito High School student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted against Republic of China. On August 29, he also played against Philippines and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". He played 2 games for Japan in 1927.

After graduating from Tokyo Imperial University, Kondo retired and became a doctor. He served as a professor of Tokyo Women's Medical University and so on.

On February 9, 1991, Kondo died of intracranial hemorrhage in Yokosuka at the age of 83.

!Total||2||0

Ko Takamoro

Takamoro was born in Saitama on November 9, 1907. He played for Saitama Shukyu-Dan and Waseda WMW which was consisted of his alma mater Waseda University players and graduates. At Waseda WMW, he played with many Japan national team players Shigeyoshi Suzuki, Haruo Arima, Misao Tamai, Tamotsu Asakura, Shigeru Takahashi, Shojiro Sugimura, Nagayasu Honda and Michiyo Taki. He won the 1928 Emperor's Cup.

In August 1927, when Takamoro was a Waseda University Senior High School student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted against Republic of China. On August 29, he also played against Philippines and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". He played 2 games for Japan in 1927.

After retirement, Takamoro worked at Asahi Shimbun from 1936 to 1962.

Takamoro died on March 26, 1995 at the age of 87.

!Total||2||0

Haruo Arima

Arima played for Waseda WMW which was consisted of his alma mater Waseda University players and graduates. At the club, he played with many Japan national team players Shigeyoshi Suzuki, Misao Tamai, Tamotsu Asakura, Shigeru Takahashi, Shojiro Sugimura, Nagayasu Honda, Ko Takamoro and Michiyo Taki.

In August 1927, Arima was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted against Republic of China. On August 29, he also played against Philippines and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". He played 2 games for Japan in 1927.

!Total||2||0

Tamotsu Asakura

In August 1927, when Asakura was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted against Republic of China. On August 29, he also played against Philippines and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". He played 2 games for Japan in 1927.

!Total||2||0

Shigeru Takahashi

In August 1927, when Takahashi was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted against Republic of China. On August 29, he also played against Philippines and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". He played 2 games for Japan in 1927.

!Total||2||0

Michiyo Taki

In August 1927, when Taki was a Waseda University High School student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 29, he debuted against Philippines and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team's first victory in "International A Match".

!Total||1||0

Tameo Ide

Ide was born in Shizuoka on November 27, 1908. He played Tokyo OB Club. He won 1933 Emperor's Cup with Shiro Teshima and Teiichi Matsumaru at the club.

In May 1930, when Ide was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. At this competition, on May 25, he debuted against Philippines.

Ide died on August 17, 1998 at the age of 89.

!Total||1||0

Nagayasu Honda

Honda played for Waseda WMW which was consisted of his alma mater Waseda University players and graduates. At the club, he played with many Japan national team players Shigeyoshi Suzuki, Haruo Arima, Misao Tamai, Tamotsu Asakura, Shigeru Takahashi, Shojiro Sugimura, Ko Takamoro, Michiyo Taki and Tameo Ide. He won 1928 Emperor's Cup at the club.

In August 1927, when Honda was a Waseda University Senior High School student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted against Republic of China. On August 29, he also played against Philippines, and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". He also played at 1930 Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. He played 4 games for Japan until 1930.

!Total||4||0

Yasuo Haruyama

Haruyama was born in Tokyo Metropolis on April 4, 1906. He played for Tokyo Imperial University LB which was consisted of his alma mater Tokyo Imperial University players and graduates.

In August 1927, when Haruyama was a Mito High School student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted against Republic of China. On August 29, he also played against Philippines, and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". He also played at 1930 Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. He played 4 games for Japan until 1930.

After retirement, Haruyama joined Nikkan Sports in 1946.

On June 17, 1987, Haruyama died of a bleeding of gastrointestinal tract in Toshima, Tokyo at the age of 81.

!Total||4||0

Shiro Teshima

Teshima was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on February 26, 1907. He played for Tokyo OB Club and won the 1933 Emperor's Cup with Shigemaru Takenokoshi and Teiichi Matsumaru.

In May 1930, when Teshima was a Tokyo Imperial University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. At this competition, on May 25, he debuted and scored a goal against Philippines. On May 29, he also played and scored a goal against Republic of China. He played 2 games and scored 2 goals for Japan in 1930.

After graduating from Tokyo Imperial University, Teshima retired playing career and joined Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry. In 1940, he joined Tanabe Pharmaceutical and helps develop the club.

Teshima died on November 6, 1982 at the age of 75. In 2008, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||2||2


Teruo Abe

Abe played for Kwangaku Club which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. He played with many Japan national team players Yukio Goto, Hideo Sakai and so on.

In May 1934, Abe was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted against Dutch East Indies. On May 15, he also played against Philippines. He played 2 games for Japan in 1934.

!Total||2||0

Shiro Misaki

In May 1934, when Misaki was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted against Dutch East Indies. He also played against Philippines and Republic of China. He played 3 games for Japan in 1934.

!Total||3||0

Hideo Sakai

Sakai was born in Osaka Prefecture on June 10, 1909. He played for Kwangaku Club which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. He won 1929 and 1930 Emperor's Cup with Yukio Goto and so on at the club.

In May 1934, Sakai was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted against Dutch East Indies. He also played against Philippines and Republic of China. He played 3 games for Japan in 1934.

On June 3, 1996, Sakai died of a pneumonia in Nishinomiya at the age of 86.

!Total||3||0

Klein-Brabant

Klein-Brabant is a Flemish region in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

The region got a lot of attention during and after the broadcasting of the Eén series "Stille Waters". Also the yearly "Dodentocht" and the "Schelde Internationale Muziekstroom-route" contribute to the image of the region.

The region includes the municipalities of Sint-Amands, Bornem and Puurs. There is also a police zone which is named "Politiezone Klein-Brabant".

Takashi Kawanishi

In May 1934, when Kawanishi was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted against Dutch East Indies. He also played against Philippines and Republic of China. He played 3 games for Japan in 1934.

!Total||3||0

Shunichi Kumai

In May 1934, when Kumai was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted against Dutch East Indies. On May 20, he also played against Republic of China. He played 2 games for Japan in 1934.

!Total||2||0

Takeshi Natori

In May 1934, when Natori was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 20, he debuted and scored a goal against Republic of China.

!Total||1||1

Lee Yoo-hyung

Lee Yoo-Hyung (January 21, 1911 - January 29, 2003) was a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Japan national team in 1940.

!Total||1||0


Takashi Kasahara

Kasahara was born on March 26, 1918. He played for Keio University. He won the 1937 Emperor's Cup. He also played for Keio BRB which was consisted of his alma mater Keio University players and graduates. He won the 1939 and 1940 Emperor's Cup at the club with Yukio Tsuda, Hirokazu Ninomiya and Saburo Shinosaki. 1940 Emperor's Cup was the last Emperor's Cup before the war because Emperor's Cup was suspended for World War II from 1941 to 1945.

On June 16, 1940, when Kasahara was a Keio University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Philippines and Japan won the match. This match was the first match since 1936 Summer Olympics and the only match in the 1940s in Japan's "International A Match" due to World War II.

!Total||1||0

Saburo Shinosaki

Shinosaki played for Keio University. He won the 1937 Emperor's Cup. He also played for Keio BRB which was consisted of his alma mater Keio University players and graduates. He won the 1939 and 1940 Emperor's Cup at the club with Yukio Tsuda, Hirokazu Ninomiya and Takashi Kasahara. 1940 Emperor's Cup was the last Emperor's Cup before the war because Emperor's Cup was suspended for World War II from 1941 to 1945.

On June 16, 1940, when Shinosaki was a Keio University student, he debuted for Japan national team against Philippines and Japan won the match. This match was the first match since 1936 Summer Olympics and the only match in the 1940s in Japan's "International A Match" due to World War II.

!Total||1||0

Kazu Naoki

Naoki was born on March 23, 1918. On June 16, 1940, when he was a Tokyo Imperial University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Philippines and Japan won the match. This match was the first match since 1936 Summer Olympics and the only match in the 1940s in Japan's "International A Match" due to World War II. Naoki died in an accident immediately after World War II.

!Total||1||0

Yozo Aoki

Aoki was born on April 10, 1929. He played for Chiyoda Life.

On January 5, 1955, he debuted for the Japan national team against Burma.

!Total||1||0

South India

South India is often used to refer to the states and territories in the southern part of the Republic of India. In general, one of the following is meant:

Its a diverse region with many cultures and people
Nara National Research Institute for Cultural Properties

The , also known as the Nara Research Institute for Cultural Properties or as Nabunken, is a semi-governmental entity which focuses on the preservation of Japan's cultural heritage of objects, artworks and writings.

"Nabunken" is an Independent Administrative Institution (IAI).
"Nabunken" was established in 1972. It's work is divided into departments with different interests, including

In 2001, the Nara Institute and the National Research Institute for Cultural Properties, Tokyo merged.

In 2007, the Research Institutes were merged with the Tokyo National Museum, the Kyoto National Museum, the Nara National Museum and the Kyushu National Museum.



Still Got It

"Still Got It" is a song by Tyga featuring Drake, from Tyga's album "". The song debuted at number 89 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the week ending October 29, 2011.

Barkerville, British Columbia

Barkerville is a ghost town in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The peak population of Barkerville was 5,000. Barkerville is classified as a historic town. The Chinese were also a major part in the history of Barkerville as they built most of the businesses, cabins and both provided social services and resolved disputes within the Chinese community without having to use BC courts.

The town was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1924.


Chōshō








This era was known as a time of famine.



Sup'Internet

Sup'Internet is a French private graduate school. It teaches things to do with the Internet. It was founded in 2011. It is in Paris.

The school has three courses, graphic design, internet management and web technologies and delivers a Bachelor's degree. It is one of the two schools in France (the other one is the "École européenne des métiers de l'Internet") entirely meant for teaching things about the Internet.


Le Kremlin-Bicêtre

Le Kremlin-Bicêtre is a town and commune in the southern suburb of Paris, France. It is in the Île-de-France region and the Val-de-Marne department. About 26,018 people lived there in 2006.

The computer science schools EPITA, École pour l'informatique et les nouvelles technologies and Web@cademie are located at Le Kremlin-Bicêtre. The schools E-Artsup, Coding Academy and IONIS School of Technology and Management are also located in the commune.

Nin'an

, also known as Ninnan, was a after "Eiman" and before "Kaō." This period started in August 1166 ended in April 1169. The reigning emperors were and .





Villejuif

Villejuif is a town and commune in the southest suburb of Paris, France. It is in the Île-de-France region and the Val-de-Marne department. About 53,240 people lived there in 2008.

The biotechnology engineering school Sup'Biotech is located at Villejuif. A campus of the computer science schools EPITA and École pour l'informatique et les nouvelles technologies is also located in the commune.


Exception handling

In computing, an exception is a special situation where the program cannot do things the way it usually would and is forced to do something else instead. One layer of the system uses an exception to give another layer information about special states the system is currently in. The different layers of software or hardware have contracts, that tell what can be expected; this is generally known as Programming by Contract. In the context of exception handling, a program is said to be exception-safe, if exceptions that occur will not produce side-effects (such as memory leaks), will not change stored data so that it becomes unreadable, or generate output that is invalid. There are different levels of exception safety:

Usually, a programmer will try to "catch" the exception early so that problems don't get worse over time.

Suppose a program tries to add something to an "array", or group of "objects" that doesn't exist. This is called a "null reference". Look at the following code from the Java programming language:
class SomeProgram {
This code throws what programmers call a "null-pointer exception". This is fixed by adding "codice_1" in front of the code that might throw the exception, like is done with the code shown below:
class AnotherProgram {


Giulio Cesare

Giulio Cesare in Egitto () is an opera in three acts with music by George Frideric Handel. The Italian libretto was written by Nicola Francesco Haym. It was based on an earlier libretto written by Giacomo Francesco Bussani. The opera was written for the Royal Academy of Music. 

The opera was first performed in London on 20 February 1724. It was a success. It was performed again in 1725, 1730, and 1732. It was also performed in France and Germany. 

"Giulio Cesare" was not performed in the 19th century. Many people had forgotten all about it. It was not until 1922 that the opera was performed again. Since then, it has been performed around the world. It is Handel's best opera. It is known simply as Giulio Cesare.



Microsoft InfoPath

Microsoft InfoPath is a piece of software that Microsoft sells. InfoPath is used to create computer-ized versions of documents people have to fill out. 

InfoPath has two main parts: an 'editor' interface, used to make and design forms, and a 'form-filling' interface, used to fill out forms that have been made in InfoPath. For example, if someone had to fill out a timesheet on a regular basis, they could use InfoPath's editor to replicate the timesheet form. Every time they had to fill out the timesheet, they could open the form they made in InfoPath, fill it out using InfoPath's form-fill interface, and then save it as a file for archival and print it out if they ever needed to.

Forms that have been made in InfoPath can be put on SharePoint websites. Forms can also be amended with XPath, Basic, or C# computer code to do mathematics or read from and write to databases.

Lana Clarkson

Lana Jean Clarkson (5 April 1963 – 3 February 2003) was an American actress and model. She starred in many movies dealing with fantasy, drama and adventure.

She was born in Long Beach, California and grew up in Napa County, California. 

On February 3, 2003, Clarkson was shot in the mouth at Alhambra, California mansion of music producer Phil Spector. In the early morning, she met Spector while working at the House of Blues. Both left the House of Blues later in Spector's limousine and drove to his mansion. Spector and Clarkson went inside while his driver waited outside in the car. About an hour later, the driver heard a gunshot before Spector exited his house through the back door with a gun. He was quoted as saying, according to affidavits, "I think I just shot her." 

In 2009, Spector was convicted of murdering Clarkson.

Tan (color)

Tan is a color that is a pale tone of brown or green tone of orange.

The first written use of "tan" as a color name in English was in the year 1590.

The name comes from "tannum", (oak bark) used in the tanning of leather.



Hoax

The word hoax refers to something that is not true and was created on purpose. For example, a person makes up false accusations about being victimized by other people, or an article may make things up that cause people to believe as though they are true when they are not.

Hoaxes come in all types of forms: for example, April Fools' Day tricks that are shown in a time related to April 1, then shown to be a hoax later.

Daigaku-ryō

For five centuries, the "Daigaku-ryō" was near the Suzaku Mon at southern boundary of the Imperial enclosure.

In 701, the "Daigaku-ryō" became part of the .

Prince Yamabe was head of the "Daigaku-ryō" in 766 ("Tenpyō-jingo 2").

On May 27, 1177 ("Angen 3, 28th day, 4th month"), a fire destroyed the building of the "Daigaku-ryō".

The was responsible for the examination of students and for festivals which honor Confucius.

Other members of the staff of "Daigaku-ryō' included: 

Parrotfish

Parrotfishes are a group of marine fishes that live in shallow tropical and subtropical oceans around the world. Previously considered to form the large family of wrasses, these fish are now thought to belong to their own family. 

Their numbers are largest in the Indo-Pacific region where they are found in and around coral reefs and seagrass beds. They play an important and significant role in bioerosion. There are about 95 species of parrotfish living today. Parrotfish are very colorful. Their name comes from the parrot-like beak formed by their teeth. The buccal cavity (cheek) of the parrotfish secretes the 'sleeping sack' that the fish sleeps in overnight. It is a semi-translucent sack which completely surrounds the parrot fish. In the morning the sack is discarded. During the day you will see them on the seabed floor.

Some parrotfish species, including the queen parrotfish ("Scarus vetula"), secrete a mucus cocoon, particularly at night.




Ariodante

Ariodante is an opera seria in three acts with music by George Frideric Handel. The libretto was based on parts of Ludovico Ariosto's "Orlando Furioso". Handel put some ballet music in the opera for the famous dancer Marie Sallé. 

The opera was first performed in the Covent Garden Theatre, London, on 8 January 1735. It opened Handel's first season at Covent Garden. It was a great success. It was performed 11 times during its premiere season. 

It eventually was forgotten. The score was published in the early 1960s. In the 1970s, the work was revived. It is thought to be one of Handel's best operas.


Ginevra is engaged to Ariodante. Polinesso is in love with her. He uses Dalinda to trick Ariodante. She tells Ariodante that Ginevra is Polinesso's lover. The King disowns Ginevra. Ariodante is reported to have killed himself. Polinesso then sends his agents to kill Dalinda because she was the only witness to his plot. Ariodante is alive. He drives off the assassins. Polinesso eants to win the King’s favour. He offers to defend Ginevra's honour in a tournament. He is wounded by Lurcanio. Ariodante has learned about Polinesso’s plot from Dalinda. He now appears. He offers himself as Ginevra’s champion. Polinesso confesses his guilt and dies. Ginevra is pardoned by the King.



The Phantom of the Opera (1925 movie)

The Phantom of the Opera (1925) is a silent horror movie. It is based on a novel of the same name by Gaston Leroux. The movie was directed by Rupert Julian. It stars Lon Chaney as the Phantom and Mary Philbin as his love, Christine. The movie is famous for Chaney's horrific, self-applied make-up.

The story is about a disfigured man named Erik who haunts the Paris Opera. He wants the managers to make the woman he loves, named Christine, a star. In order to do this, he terrorizes everyone by doing things such as dropping a chandelier and wearing a scary disguise in the middle of a large party. When he learns that Christine is in love with a man named Raoul, he kidnaps her. Raoul eventually rescues her, and a group of angry people chase the Phantom until he falls into the Seine river.


The movie was a great success. The critics liked it. Executives at Universal Pictures were pleased. They put a string of horror movies into production. These movies included Bela Lugosi's "Dracula" and Boris Karloff's "Frankenstein". "Phantom" was chosen for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.

Two major versions of the film survive today. The original film (today) comes from bad quality "show at home" film prints which are entirely black and white. The more common version is a 1929 silent version using different takes and camera angles. The 1929 silent version exists because of a lost 1929 sound version in which new scenes were shot in sound.

Hanwha Eagles

Hanwha Eagles () is one of ten Korean professional baseball teams. The Hanwha Eagles use Han bat stadium () and Cheong Ju stadium () as their home stadia. The Hanwha Eagles won the Korean Series Champions title in 1999.

Gidget

Gidget is a 1959 American romantic comedy teen movie about living in California. It is about a teenage girl who goes surfing. She has a romance with a young surfer.

The movie stars Sandra Dee, Cliff Robertson, and pop singer James Darren. The movie was based on a novel by Frederick Kohner titled "Gidget, the Little Girl with Big Ideas". The movie was directed by Paul Wendkos.

"Gidget" was the first beach party" movie. It was followed by two sequel movies, various television series, several made-for-TV movies, and the parody "Psycho Beach Party".

"Gidget" is credited by numerous sources, including a documentary movie by Stacy Peralta, as being the single main influence to bring surfing and the surfing subculture into the American mainstream.

The movie received a 1960 Golden Laurel Award nomination for Top Female Comedy Performance for actress Sandra Dee.


E-Artsup

E-Artsup is a French private graduate school. It teaches things to do with digital creativity and multimedia. It was founded in 2001.

The school has four courses, communication, concept, motion design, interaction design and game design, and delivers a degree recognized by French State.


Sekiji Sasano

Sasano played for Waseda University. He won 1938 Emperor's Cup with Shogo Kamo, Sei Fuwa, Kunitaka Sueoka, Hidetoki Takahashi and so on. He also played for Waseda WMW which was consisted of his alma mater Waseda University players and graduates.

In 1936, Sasano was selected the Japan national team for 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, but he did not play in the match. At this competition, Japan completed a come-from-behind victory first game against Sweden. The first victory in Olympics for the Japan and the historic victory over one of the powerhouses became later known as "Miracle of Berlin" () in Japan. In 2016, this team was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.


Institut supérieur européen de formation par l'action

The school has two courses, communication and business/marketing., and delivers a degree recognized by French State.


Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring

"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring" is a popular piece of choral music. It was composed by Johann Sebastian Bach. It is the 10th movement of the cantata "Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben". It was written during Bach's first year in Leipzig, Germany. Bach did not compose the melody. That was written by Johann Schop. Bach only harmonized and orchestrated Schop's melody. A transcription of "Jesu" was made by the English pianist Myra Hess (1890–1965), It was published in 1926 for piano solo. In 1934 the Hess version was adapted for piano duet. British organist Peter Hurford made a transcription of "Jesu" for organ. Today, Bach's piece is often performed at weddings and funerals. Bach wrote the piece for voices with trumpet, oboes, strings, and continuo. "Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring" is one of Bach's most enduring pieces of music.

Puzzle Pirates

Yohoho! Puzzle Pirates is a Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game. It is developed by Three Rings Design. In this game, the player plays a role of a pirate. The player sails the ocean, plays different puzzles and earn PoE (Pieces of Eights).

Anyone over 13 years of age can play "Puzzle Pirates". Pirates can join a crew, which in turn joins a flag. The flags forms alliances and blockade islands. 

The game encourages players to use pirate-themed words like "Ahoy", "Yarr!", "Shiver me Timbers", etc. As of December 2008, there are 4 million pirates registered to the game. On August 31, 2011, the game was made free-to-play on Steam.

Sonny Bono

Sonny Bono (February 16, 1935 – January 5, 1998) was a recording artist, a producer, singer-songwriter, actor and politician. He was married to Cher between 1964 and 1975, during which time they formed the duo Sonny & Cher. Together, they had numerous hit records and singles. They had several children, including Chastity Bono (who would later be renamed Chaz Bono). Sonny was killed in a skiing accident.
Bono appeared in the films such as "Airplane II: The Sequel" (1982) and "Troll" (1986).


Ghatkopar

Ghatkopar is a suburb in Mumbai. It comes under the 'N-Ward' of Mumbai municipality.

There are four postal codes connected to Ghatkopar.
The post office of Ghatkopar East is in Rajawadi. The post procedure v I for Ghatkopar West is near the Railway Station.mr


Prime Minister of India

The Prime minister of India () is the chief executive officer of the Government of India. The prime minister leads the executive branch of the union government and chairs the Council of Ministers. It is the third highest office of political authority in the Republic of India. The current prime minister is Narendra Modi, who has held the premiership since 2014.

The prime minister is appointed by the president of India; however the prime minister has to enjoy the confidence of the majority of Lok Sabha members, who are directly elected every five years, lest the prime minister shall resign. The prime minister can be a member of the Lok Sabha or of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the parliament. The prime minister unilaterally controls the selection and dismissal of members of the Council of Minister; and allocation of posts to members within the government. The council, which is collectively responsible to the Lok Sabha as per , assists the president regarding the operations under the latter's powers; however, by the virtue of of the Constitution, such 'aid and advice' tendered by the council is binding. The prime minister ranks third in the Indian order of precedence.

The longest-serving prime minister was Jawaharlal Nehru, also the first prime minister, whose rule lasted 16 years and 286 days. His premiership was followed by Lal Bahadur Shastri's short tenure and Indira Gandhi's 11- and 4-year-long tenures, both politicians belonging to the Indian National Congress. After Indira Gandhi's assassination, her son Rajiv took charge until 1989, when a decade with six unstable governments began. This was followed by the full terms of Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh, and Narendra Modi. Modi is the 14th and current prime minister of India, serving since 26 May 2014.

India follows a parliamentary system in which the prime minister is the presiding head of the government and chief of the executive of the government. In such systems, the head of state, or, the head of state's official representative (i.e., the monarch, president, or governor-general) usually holds a purely ceremonial position and acts—on most matters—only on the advice of the prime minister.

The prime minister—if they are not already—must become a member of parliament within six months of beginning his/her tenure. A prime minister is expected to work with other central ministers to ensure the passage of bills by the parliament.

Since 1947, there have been 14 different prime ministers. The first few decades after 1947 saw the Indian National Congress' (INC) almost complete domination over the political map of India. India's first prime minister—Jawaharlal Nehru—took oath on 15 August 1947. Nehru went on to serve as prime minister for 17 consecutive years, winning four general elections in the process. His tenure ended in May 1964, on his death. After the death of Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri—a former home minister and a leader of the Congress party—ascended to the position of prime minister. Shastri's tenure saw the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965. Shashtri subsequently died of a reported heart attack in Tashkent, after signing the Tashkent Declaration.
After Shastri, Indira Gandhi—Nehru's daughter—was elected as the country's first woman prime minister. Indira's first term in office lasted 11 years, in which she took steps such as nationalisation of banks; end of allowances and political posts, which were received by members of the royal families of the erstwhile princely states of British India. In addition, events such as the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971; the establishment of a sovereign Bangladesh; accession of Sikkim to India, through a referendum in 1975; and India's first nuclear test in Pokhran occurred during Indira's first term. In 1975, President Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed—on Indira's advice—imposed a state of emergency, therefore, bestowing the government with the power to rule by decree, the period is known for human right violations.
After widespread protests, the emergency was lifted in 1977, and a general election was to be held.

All of the political parties of the opposition—after the conclusion of the emergency—fought together against the Congress, under the umbrella of the Janata Party, in the general election of 1977, and were successful in defeating the Congress. Subsequently, Morarji Desai—a former deputy prime minister—became the first non-Congress prime minister of India. The government of prime minister Desai was composed of groups with opposite ideologies, in which unity and co-ordination were difficult to maintain. Ultimately, after two and a half years as PM; on 28 July 1979, Morarji tendered his resignation to the president; and his government fell. Thereafter, Charan Singh—a deputy prime minister in Desai's cabinet—with outside, conditional support from Congress, proved a majority in Lok Sabha and took oath as prime minister. However, Congress pulled its support shortly after, and Singh had to resign; he had a tenure of 5 months, the shortest in the history of the office. In 1980 Indian general election, after a three-year absence, the Congress returned to power with an absolute majority. Indira Gandhi was elected prime minister a second time. During her second tenure, Operation Blue Star—an Indian Army operation inside the Golden Temple, the most sacred site in Sikhism—was conducted, resulting in reportedly thousands of deaths. Subsequently, on 31 October 1984, Gandhi was shot dead by Satwant Singh and Beant Singh—two of her bodyguards—in the garden of her residence at 1, Safdarjung Road, New Delhi.

After Indira, Rajiv—her eldest son and 40 years old at the time—was sworn in on the evening of 31 October 1984, becoming the youngest person ever to hold the office of prime minister. Rajiv immediately called for a general election. In the subsequent general election, the Congress secured an absolute majority, winning 401 of 552 seats in the Lok Sabha, the maximum number received by any party in the history of India. Vishwanath Pratap Singh—first finance minister and then later defence minister in Gandhi's cabinet—uncovered irregularities, in what became known as the Bofors scandal, during his stint at the Ministry of Defence; Singh was subsequently expelled from Congress and formed the Janata Dal and—with the help of several anti-Congress parties—also formed the National Front, a coalition of many political parties.
In the general election of 1989, the National Front—with outside support from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Left Front—came to power. V. P. Singh was elected prime minister. During a tenure of less than a year, Singh and his government accepted the Mandal Commission's recommendations. Singh's tenure came to an end after he ordered the arrest of BJP member Lal Krishna Advani, as a result, BJP withdrew its outside support to the government, V. P. Singh lost the subsequent vote-of-no-confidence 146–320 and had to resign. After V. P. Singh's resignation, Chandra Shekhar along with 64 members of parliament (MPs) floated the Samajwadi Janata Party (Rashtriya), and proved a majority in the Lok Sabha with support from Congress. But Shekhar's premiership did not last long, Congress proceeded to withdraw its support; Shekhar's government fell as a result, and new elections were announced.
In the general election of 1991, Congress—under the leadership of P. V. Narasimha Rao—formed a minority government; Rao became the first PM of South Indian origin. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, India was on the brink of bankruptcy, so, Rao took steps to liberalise the economy, and appointed Manmohan Singh—an economist and a former governor of the Reserve Bank of India—as finance minister. Rao and Singh then took various steps to liberalise the economy, these resulted in an unprecedented economic growth in India. His premiership, however, was also a witness to the demolition of the Babri Masjid, which resulted in the death of about 2,000 people. Rao, however, did complete five continuous years in office, becoming the first prime minister outside of the Nehru—Gandhi family to do so.

After the end of Rao's tenure in May 1996, the nation saw four prime ministers in a span of three years, "", two tenures of Atal Bihari Vajpayee; one tenure of H. D. Deve Gowda from 1 June 1996 to 21 April 1997; and one tenure of I. K. Gujral from 21 April 1997 to 19 March 1998. The government of Prime Minister Vajpayee—elected in 1998—took some concrete steps. In May 1998—after a month in power—the government announced the conduct of five underground nuclear explosions in Pokhran. In response to these tests, many western countries, including the United States, imposed economic sanctions on India, but, due to the support received from Russia, France, the Gulf countries and some other nations, the sanctions—were largely—not considered successful. A few months later in response to the Indian nuclear tests, Pakistan also conducted nuclear tests. Given the deteriorating situation between the two countries, the governments tried to improve bilateral relations. In February 1999, the India and Pakistan signed the Lahore Declaration, in which the two countries announced their intention to annul mutual enmity, increase trade and use their nuclear capabilities for peaceful purposes. In May 1999, All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam withdrew from the ruling National Democratic Alliance (NDA) coalition; Vajpayee's government, hence, became a caretaker one after losing a motion-of-no-confidence 269–270, this coincided with the Kargil War with Pakistan. In the subsequent October 1999 general election, the BJP-led NDA and its affiliated parties secured a comfortable majority in the Lok Sabha, winning 299 of 543 seats in the lower house.

The Prime Minister is responsible in aiding the President in his/her work relating to the government. The Prime Minister, in consultation with the Cabinet, schedules and attends the sessions of the Houses of Parliament and is required to answer the question from the Members of Parliament.

Some specific ministries/department are not allocated to anyone in the cabinet but the Prime Minister himself. The Prime Minister is usually always in-charge/head of:

The Prime Minister also represents the country in various international meetings, conferences and organizations.

A Prime Minister must be:

Oath of office:
Oath of secrecy:
As of 8 June 2022, there are two living former prime ministers of India:

Over the Rainbow

"Over the Rainbow" is a song from the movie "The Wizard of Oz". It was composed by Harold Arlen and the lyrics were written by E.Y. Harburg. Judy Garland sang the song in the movie. Over time it would become her signature song. The song won an Academy Award. The song is also known as "Somewhere Over the Rainbow".

About five minutes into the movie, Judy Garland (as Dorothy Gale) sings "Over the Rainbow". She is trying to get her aunt and uncle to listen to her story about an incident involving her dog, Toto. Dorothy's Aunt Em tells her to "find yourself a place where you won't get into any trouble". Dorothy walks off with Toto. She says to the dog, "Someplace where there isn't any trouble. Do you suppose there is such a place, Toto? There must be. It's not a place you can get to by a boat, or a train. It's far, far away. Behind the moon, beyond the rain." She begins to sing the song.

MGM executives thought the song "slowed down the picture". They said it did not sound like a song a little girl would sing in a barnyard. They wanted to cut it from the movie. Other people wanted the song to be kept in the movie. The executives changed their minds and the song was kept.

"Over the Rainbow" was going to be sung again by Garland in the scene where she is locked in the witch's room and watches the hourglass. She weeps through the song, and ends with "I'm frightened, Auntie Em! I'm frightened!". The song was cut from the scene. The "I'm frightened" cry was kept in the movie.

The song is number one on the "Songs of the Century" list compiled by the Recording Industry Association of America and the National Endowment for the Arts. The American Film Institute has ranked "Over the Rainbow" as the greatest movie song of all time on the list of "AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs". American troops in Europe in World War II adopted the song as a symbol of the United States. Garland performed the song for American troops as part of a 1943 command performance.

Hawaiian singer Israel Kamakawiwoʻole (1959–1997) recorded a version of "Over the Rainbow" in 1988. It was released in 1993.

Runaway (movie)

Runaway is a science fiction and action movie released near Christmas 1984, starring Kirstie Alley and Tom Selleck. Alley plays former lover for a villain named Luther. Selleck plays a police officer whose son is eventually kidnapped by the villain. The movie tells of complex technology gone wrong when permitted to dominate the lives of everybody. Also acting in the movie is Gene Simmons from KISS. The movie was planned as a major science fiction draw, although it was overshadowed by a low budget movie called "The Terminator", which was directed by then-not well known James Cameron.

Orphans of the Storm

Orphans of the Storm is a 1921 silent movie. It was directed by D. W. Griffith. It stars sisters Dorothy and Lillian Gish. The movie is about two sisters (one blind) who are separated during the turmoil of the French Revolution. They are reunited after much tribulation.

Griffith used historical events to comment on contemporary events. In this case, he used the French Revolution to comment upon the rise of Bolshevism. The movie is about class conflict. It speaks for inter-class understanding and against destructive hatred. This was the last Griffith movie to star the Gish sisters. It is often thought to be Griffith's last big moneymaker. The movie is a remake of the lost "The Two Orphans" (1915) starring Theda Bara.

The Terminator

The Terminator is an American action-science fiction movie. It is set in Los Angeles, California and stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Michael Biehn, and Linda Hamilton. This movie was directed by James Cameron and was released on October 26, 1984 in the United States by Orion Pictures. Its budget was $6.4 million and it grossed $78.3 million at the box office.

It was followed by sequels "", "", "Terminator Salvation", "Terminator Genisys" and "".

In 1984 Los Angeles, a cyborg assassin known as a Terminator arrives from 2029 and steals guns and clothes. Shortly afterwards, Kyle Reese, a human soldier, also arrives. He steals clothes from a homeless man and evades the police. The Terminator begins systematically killing women named Sarah Connor, whose addresses he finds in the telephone directory. He tracks the third Sarah Connor to a nightclub, but Kyle rescues her. The two steal a car and escape with the Terminator pursuing them in a police car.

As they hide in a parking lot, Kyle explains to Sarah that an artificial intelligence defense network, known as Skynet, will become self-aware in the near future and initiate a nuclear holocaust. Sarah's future son John will rally the survivors and lead a resistance movement against Skynet and its army of machines. With the Resistance on the verge of victory, Skynet sent a Terminator back in time to kill Sarah before John is born, to prevent the formation of the Resistance. The Terminator is an efficient killing machine with a powerful metal endoskeleton and an external layer of living tissue that makes him appear human.

Kyle and Sarah are apprehended by the police after another encounter with the Terminator. Criminal psychologist Dr. Silberman concludes that Kyle is paranoid and delusional. The Terminator repairs his body and attacks the police station, killing many police officers in his attempt to locate Sarah. Kyle and Sarah escape and take refuge in a motel, where they assemble pipe bombs and plan their next move. Kyle admits that he has been in love with Sarah since John gave him a photograph of her, and they have sex.

The Terminator discovers their location, and they attempt to escape in a pickup truck. In the ensuing chase, Kyle is wounded by gunfire while throwing pipe bombs at the Terminator. Enraged‚ Sarah knocks the Terminator off his motorcycle but loses control of the truck, which flips over. The Terminator hijacks a tank truck and attempts to run down Sarah, but Kyle slides a pipe bomb onto the tanker, causing an explosion that burns the flesh from the Terminator's exoskeleton. It pursues them to a factory, where Kyle activates machinery to confuse the Terminator. He jams his final pipe bomb into the Terminator's abdomen, blowing the Terminator apart, injuring Sarah, and killing Kyle. The damaged Terminator reactivates and grabs Sarah. She breaks free and lures it into a hydraulic press, crushing it.

Months later, a pregnant Sarah is traveling through Mexico, recording audio tapes to pass on to her unborn son, John. She debates whether to tell him that Kyle is his father. At a gas station, a boy takes a Polaroid photograph of her which she purchases—the same photograph that John will eventually give to Kyle.

Little House in the Big Woods

Little House in the Big Woods is a children's novel. It was written by Laura Ingalls Wilder. It was published in 1932. It is the first book in Wilder's Little House series. The book and the series are based on Wilder's memories of growing up near Pepin, Wisconsin in the 19th century. 

Kuroshio, Kōchi

In 2006, the towns of Ōgata and Saga joined together to become the new town, Kuroshio.


Moutiers-au-Perche

Moutiers-au-Perche is a commune in the Orne département, lower Normandy. This is a village in the province of Perche. There are 525 people. The surface is . The altitude is . 

It was a monastery created by Saint Laurent in the sixth century.
There is a Château de Guilbault built at the time of the Directoire. There is a park with an old bridge also.
There is a Roman style church of Notre-Dame-Du-Mont-Harou with a mural painting and a wooden statue.

Gacé

Gacé is a commune. It is in the region of Normandy in the Orne department in the northwest of France. There are 2,192 people living there in 2012. It was at first, a Gallic city named "*Vassiākon". The Castle of Gacé was built in the 11th century. The English captured the castle in 1417.

The city had important economic activity in the beginning of 19th century. It's a industrial and agricultural town.

There is the Museum of Lady of the Camellias.

Fontenai-Les-Louvets

Fontenai-les-Louvets is a former commune of Orne in lower Normandy, France. There are 205 people living there. it covers . On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune L'Orée-d'Écouves.

Mortrée

Mortrée is a village in Normandy, in the Orne department. It covers . It is at above sea level. There are 1042 people living there in 2012.

The famous Normand family named "d'O" lived here. It became famous in the first crusade. The Marquis d'O (died in 1594) was finance minister and he was the favourite of Henry III of France.

On 1 January 2019, the former commune Saint-Hilaire-la-Gérard was merged into Mortrée.

There is a church "Saints-Pierre-et-Paul" () and another one called "Méhéran". 

The Chateau d'Ô is also there.The chateau d'Ô is made up of two parts joined by a gallery. The entrance building that shows a Gothic flamboyant style, was built at the beginning of the 16th century.It is very unique because of the distinguished mix of stones and bricks on these small towers.There are sculptures on the entrance front. The gallery was built at the same time from Italian inspiration. The west building, was finished in the 17th century.

Gérard Bourdin, Jean-Marie Foubert, Jean-Pascal Foucher. (2012) L'Orne, des territoires, une histoire. Alençon : Conseil général de l'Orne.

Carrouges

Carrouges is a commune in the French "departement" of the Orne. There are 787 peoples living there in 2012.

The town is well-known because of its castle built in the 16th century, with red bricks. Many expositions and other activities are organized. There is a 19th-century church. Hunting and fishing are the favourite activities of the inhabitants.

Kavadikaranoor

Kavadikaranoor (; also spelt as Kavadikaranur) is a village in Salem district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. It is the largest village in Thangayur panchayat. The village is spread over an area of 12.35 km. The economy of the village revolves around agriculture, truck and heavy truck transports.

Kavadikaranoor has an average elevation of . It is at the east basin of the hill called "Sooriya malai" (Mountain of Sun). This mountain doesn't have any plants due to its rocky and unusual properties. The research done geologists shows it consists of rare radioactive minerals. A number of stone quarrying companies have been here for more than 30 years. A lake is located in the north-eastern part of the village and irrigation spreads to nearby areas.

Vishnu is the god worshipped most in the village. The main temple is Sri Paali Perumal. Main festival seasons are October and April. On the 4th Saturday of each month more than 20,000 thousand people worship here from various parts of the district.

The people are mostly Gounders. Other minority peoples are also present in small numbers. All the people are peacefully co-existing and living in harmony. It has a population of 1812 as of the 2001 India census. Males constitute 70% of the population and females 63% and an average literacy rate of 68%, higher than the national average of 59.5%.

Sport in Japan

Sports in Japan are a part of Japanese culture. Japan has many traditional sports such as sumo, judo, karate, and kendo. Also, there are sports which were imported from the West such as baseball, soccer, golf and skiing. Sports are popular with both participants and onlookers.

Some traditional sports like "yabusame" have ancient histories.

In the Meiji period, sports which were imported from the West became popular.


Another popular spectator sport is professional wrestling, locally known as "puroresu" (プロレス). While the sport was known in Japan before World War II, it did not become widely popular until the rise of Rikidōzan, considered the "father" of puroresu, in the 1950s. While similar to professional wrestling in the rest of the world in that winners are decided before the match, puroresu has become a unique style. Most match storylines play up the wrestlers' "fighting spirit". Also, because many Japanese wrestlers have martial arts backgrounds, most strikes during matches make full contact. Puroresu also enjoys close ties to mixed martial arts, with some companies often holding wrestling matches and MMA fights in the same event; because of this, both wrestlers and fans treat puroresu as a combat sport.

At first, Western sports were valued as a form of mental discipline, but they have become recreational activities.

Notable athletes, sports clubs, sports schools and training clinics played an important part in spreading sports in Japan.

In Japan, sports groups are an important part of school life. The time spent in these groups allows students to adjust to Japan's vertical society. For example, in sports, players learn to use "keigo" (formal, polite speech), respect and traditions.

The 1940 Summer Olympics and the 1940 Winter Olympics were planned for Japan, but the organizers withdrew in 1938 because of the Second Sino-Japanese War. These games were later cancelled because of World War II.

Japan did host the Olympic games four times.



The Japanese translation of this book is available at: https://la84.org/wp-content/uploads/LA84WaterPolo_J-1.pdf
Spencer Fox

Spencer Fox (born May 10, 1993) is an American musician, singer and actor. He is best known as the voice of Dash Parr in "The Incredibles" and was the original voice of Mudbud in "Air Buddies". He is also the guitarist and vocalist of the power pop band Charly Bliss.

Tucker Albrizzi

Tucker Albrizzi (born February 25, 2000) is an American actor, voice artist and comedian. He is best known for his current role as Tyler on "Big Time Rush" and Jake on "Good Luck Charlie". He is also the new voice of Budderball in the "Air Buddies" series.

Siamese cat

The 'Siamese' is a breed of cat from Thailand. It is a well-known cat, especially for its blue eyes and brown face, ears, tail and paws, although not all of them look like this. In Thailand, it is a native breed, and they are called "Wichian Mat" (), which means "moon diamond". There are two different types of Siamese Cat, the Traditional or Thai Siamese, and the Modern Siamese.

The fur on all Siamese cats has the same sort of pattern, known as point coloration. This is when an animal has a pale body and a dark face, ears, feet and tail.

The Traditional Siamese has a few features that are the same as the Modern Siamese, like the colour pattern and the short fur, but it is different because of its head and body shape. It has long legs, and is thin and is graceful. It has a wedge shaped head and muzzle, and round cheeks. The ears are large and high. The eyes are between medium and large, and have the shape of an almond.

The body of a Modern Siamese is flexible and well-muscled. Its head is in the shape of a triangle, with a thin snout-like muzzle. Their eyes are also almond shaped, and their ears are tall and sit more on the side of the head than the Traditional Siamese. It's neck and tail are long and thin.

Siamese cats, both Traditional and Modern, are usually very friendly and loving cats, and will enjoy spending time with you, although this depends on the cat. They are known to bond to one person. They are also very smart, more so than some other cats. Some Siamese cats enjoy 'talking', which has been said to sound like a human baby, and always enjoy attention. Siamese cats love to play and run around as if they were kittens all their life.

Unlike most cats, they are less active at night, and prefer to sleep through it. This might be because their eyes lack something called tapetum lucidum, which allows cats to see better in the dark. Unlike many other blue-eyed cats, Siamese cats can still hear well. Cats that are white with blue eyes are often deaf.


Kanpyō (era)

, also romanized as Kampyō was a after "Ninna" and before "Shōtai." This period started in April 889 and ended in April 898. The reigning emperors were and .




Johann Wolfgang Döbereiner

Johann Wolfgang Döbereiner (13 December 1780 in Hof – 24 March 1849 in Jena) was a German chemist. He is best known for the development of the so-called Döbereiner's lamp. This is one of the first lighters.

Döbereiner was a professor for chemistry, pharmacy and technology at the university of Jena. He was a friend of the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.

He also studied oxidations of chemical elements. In 1832, he could oxidate formula_1 (sulfur dioxide) to formula_2 (sulfur trioxide).

Khabab

Khabab (, Syriac: ܟܚܐܒܐܒ, ) is a town in southern Syria. It is about 57 kilometres (about 36 miles) south of Damascus and about the same distance away from the city of Daraa.


The Birth of a Nation

The Birth of a Nation is a 1915 silent drama movie. It was directed by D. W. Griffith. It was based on the book "The Clansman" by Thomas Dixon, Jr. It stars Lillian Gish. 

The movie is about two families during the American Civil War and the Reconstruction era. The Northern Stoneman family is pro-Union. The Southern Cameron family is pro-Confederacy. The assassination of President Abraham Lincoln by John Wilkes Booth is dramatized. It is a white supremacist and antisemitic film.

The movie was a great success. It was very controversial though. It showed African-American men (played by white actors in blackface) as stupid and sexually aggressive towards white women. It also showed the Ku Klux Klan as a heroic force. There were protests. The movie was banned in several cities. The outcry of racism was great. Screenings were often followed by riots and attacks.

The movie is also credited in part with the formation of the "second era" Ku Klux Klan the same year. "The Birth of a Nation" was used as a recruiting tool for the KKK. In 1915, it was the first movie to be shown at the White House, by Democrat Woodrow Wilson.

Micula (surname)

Micula (, "Mîḵulāh") is a surname of Ashkenazi Jewish origin. It is most popular in Eastern Europe.

The name dates back to the 11th century, many Jews moved to East Europe to avoid persecution. In some countries the name is written as "Mikula", because of the Slavic influence.

People with the surname "Micula" can be found in Poland, Russia, Romania, Slovakia, Israel, Slovenia, Czech Republic, Ukraine and Moldova.

Wayne Knight

Wayne Eliot Knight (born August 7, 1955) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Newman in the television series "Seinfeld". Knight is from New York City. Knight is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.

Knight was married twice. He was first married to make-up artist Paula Sutor, they married on May 26, 1996. They remained married until they divorced in mid 2003. Knight married his second wife Clare de Chenu on October 15, 2006; together the couple have a son.

Lose Control (Let Me Down)

"Lose Control (Let Me Down)" is a song by Keri Hilson and Nelly. The song contains two parts: the first three minutes and thirty-three seconds being "Lose Control", featuring a rap from Nelly, and the last one minute and thirty-two seconds being "Let Me Down", a solo song by Hilson. "Lose Control" was produced by StarGate. The producer for "Let Me Down" is unknown. The song was only available as a radio single.

The Sheik (movie)

The Sheik is a 1921 silent movie. It was directed by George Melford. It stars Rudolph Valentino. The movie was based on the book "The Sheik" by Edith Maude Hull. The movie is about a British lady who is captured by an Arab chieftain (a sheik). She is held in his camp, and grows to love him. "The Sheik" made Valentino a superstar. Reviews were mixed. Some critics liked the movie. Some did not. Women loved it. Most men did not like it. They either walked out or stayed away.


Lady Diana Mayo is headstrong and independent. Against her brother's advice, she plans a trip into the desert with only native guides. That night Diana sneaks into an 'Arabs Only' casino wearing a dancer's costume. The Sheik is there. He discovers she is white. He is amused, but sends her away. He learns that she is taking a trip into the desert the next day. He sneaks into her room and tampers with the bullets in her revolver. Later, the Sheik and his men find Diana riding alone. She tries to flee while shooting at the Sheik. He easily captures her. He takes her to his camp. He orders her about. He tells her she will learn to love him. He wants to raping her, but decides against it.

The Sheik receives a visit from his friend, Raoul St. Hubert. Raoul befriends Diana. He chides the Sheik for treating her roughly. Diana gradually warms to the Sheik. She is allowed to go into the desert with his servant. She escapes. She sees a caravan. It belongs to the bandit Omair. The Sheik and his men reach her just in time. The Sheik is in love with Diana. He allows her to ride out again with his servant. She writes "I love you" in the sand. Omair captures her.

The Sheik gathers his men to attack Omair's camp. Omair tries to rape Diana. The Sheik and his men rush in. The Sheik kills Omair, but he is injured. Diana discovers that the Sheik is not an Arab. His father was British and his mother Spanish. They died in the desert. Their child was raised by the old Sheik. When the old man died, the Sheik returned to rule the tribe. The Sheik recovers from his injury. Diana confesses her love.

Reviews were mixed. Many critics felt the toned-down rape scene ruined the original message. It was a great success with audiences however. Attendance records were broken. One newspaper estimated that 125,000 people had seen the movie in its first weeks. Producer Lasky declared the last week of November 1921 'The Sheik Week'. He had the movie open in 250 theatres across the United States on 20 November. The movie ran for six months in Sydney, Australia. It ran for 42 weeks in one theatre in France. It was the first Valentino movie to show in his native Italy. Within the first year, "The Sheik" made more than $1 million. The film cost $200,000 to make.

Female moviegoers loved Valentino. Male moviegoers loathed him. Men refused to see the movie. If they did, they laughed at the love scenes. Men walked out during the movie. They felt threatened by Valentino's style of lovemaking. Many called him effeminate for the long robes he wore in the movie. Dick Dorgan harshly criticized Valetino in the magazine "Photoplay". He thought Valentino was too pretty for a male. He even wrote a song about Valentino called "A Song of Hate!"


List of lakes of Australia

There are not many natural freshwater lakes in Australia. This is because there was not a lot of glacial or tectonic activity in Australia.

their are six main types of lake in Australia:

A list of the notable lakes in Australia includes:


A Daughter of the Congo

A Daughter of the Congo is a 1930 silent movie. It is a race movie. It was completely produced by blacks and intended for a black audience. It was written, directed, and produced by Oscar Micheaux. The movie is based on Henry Francis Downing's novel "The American Cavalryman" (1917). "A Daughter of the Congo" is presumed to be a lost film.

The movie stars Katherine Noisette as Lupelta, a mixed race Congolese girl. She is abducted by Arab slave traders. She is rescued by an African American military battalion. She is taken to a mission school. She becomes acquainted with Western-style civilization. She never completely loses touch with the tribal customs and influences that shaped her early years.

"A Daughter of the Congo" was Micheaux's last silent movie. Silent movies were considered to have little money-making value in 1930. Micheaux released the movie as a “talking, singing, dancing picture”. It only contained a single short sound sequence that included a performance of the song “That Gets It”.

Theophilus Lewis of the "Amsterdam News" wrote a harsh review: "The scene is laid in a not so mythical republic in Africa. Half of the characters wear European clothes and are supposed to be civilized, while the other half wear their birthday suits and some feathers and are supposed to be savages. All the noble characters are high yellows; all the ignoble ones are black. It is based on a false assumption that has no connection with the realities of life."

Oscar Micheaux

Oscar Devereaux Micheaux (2 January 1884 – 25 March 1951) was an American writer, movie director and independent producer of more than 44 movies. He is regarded as the first major African-American moviemaker, and the most successful African-American moviemaker of the first half of the twentieth century. Micheaux was the most prominent producer of race movies. He produced both silent movies and "talkies".

Micheaux was born to former slaves on January 2, 1884, in Metropolis, Illinois. He passed most of his early years in Great Bend, Kansas. He moved to Chicago when he was 17. He worked as a Pullman porter (railroad baggage handler). In 1906, he bought land in South Dakota. He homesteaded among white neighbors for eight years.

He began to write stories. In 1913, he self-published his first novel, "The Conquest: The Story of a Negro Pioneer". In 1915, he had money troubles and lost his land. He moved to Sioux City, Iowa where he ran his own publishing company. In 1917, he rewrote "The Conquest" and published it as "The Homesteader". He sold the book door-to-door in small towns.

An African American movie company wanted to make a movie of "The Homesteader". The company however did not want Micheaux to direct it. They would not agree to a budget that met his expectations. The deal was dropped.

Micheaux then turned his publishing company into the Micheaux Film and Book Company. He sold stock in the company to raise money for his own movie of "The Homesteader", and shooting began. It was the first feature-length movie made by an African American. It was released in Chicago in 1919, and was a great success.

Micheaux's second movie was "Within Our Gates". This was his response to D. W. Griffith's "Birth of a Nation". Griffith's movie was about the Ku Klux Klan. It was one of the most popular movies of the day. The movie challenged Griffith's message by showing that whites were more likely to harm blacks than the other way around.

Micheaux would make more than 40 movies over the next 30 years. In 1931, his movie "The Exile" became the first full-length sound feature by an African American. His last movie "The Betrayal" (1948) was the first movie produced by an African American­ to open in white theaters.

Micheaux died on 25 March 1951 in Charlotte, North Carolina. He is buried in the Great Bend Cemetery in Great Bend, Kansas. His gravestone reads, "A Man Ahead of His Time."

In 1986, the Directors Guild of America posthumously granted Micheaux the Golden Jubilee Special Directorial Award. In 1987, he received a star on Hollywood Boulevard's Walk of Fame.


The Blood of Jesus

The Blood of Jesus (1941) is a race movie. It was written, directed, and starring Spencer Williams. It was also released as The Glory Road. The movie was produced in Texas. Its budget was US$5,000. Scenes from a 1911 Italian movie called "L'Inferno" were used to show souls entering Heaven. The movie was screened in black theatres and black churches. It received good reviews. In 1991 "The Blood of Jesus" became the first race movie to be chosen for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.

A church group is holding a riverside baptismal service. One of those being immersed is the recently married Martha. At home, Martha's husband Ras accidentally shoots her when his hunting rifle discharges. The church people gather at Martha’s bedside to pray. An angel arrives to take Martha’s spirit from her body. She is brought to the Crossroads between Heaven and Hell. She is tempted by the devil's agent slick Judas Green.

Judas takes Martha to a nightclub. He arranges to have her get a job there. The angel returns and advises Martha to flee. She tries to flee. A nightclub patron mistakenly believes Martha is a pickpocket who robbed him. A chase ensues. Martha races back to the Crossroads. Satan is waiting for her. The angel protects Martha from the mob. They are driven away. The sign at the Crossroad is transformed into the vision of Jesus Christ being crucified, and Christ’s blood drips down on Martha’s face. She awakens to discover she is home. Her health is restored. Martha is reunited with her husband. He has embraced religion. The angel who took Martha on her journey returns to bless their marriage.

Spokane Chiefs

The Spokane Chiefs are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1985. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Spokane, Washington at the Spokane Veterans Memorial Arena. The were known as the Kelowna Wings from 1982 to 1985 until they relocated to Spokane and became the Chiefs. The Chiefs were also the first team in WHL history to host an outdoor hockey game when they defeated the Kootenay Ice 11-2 on January 15, 2011.


Karuizawa, Nagano

Karuizawa is on the southern slope of Mount Asama. 
In the Edo period, it was a waystation on the Kisokaido road.

In the early Meiji period, the area was developed as a health resort. 

It is a popular tourist spot for people from Tokyo who travel to Karuizawa to get away from the summer heat.

Tri-City Americans

The Tri-City Americans are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1988. They currently play in the Western Hockey League. They play their home games in Kennewick, Washington at the Toyota Center. The team was originally known as the "Calgary Buffalos" and later changed their name to the "Calgary Centennials". The Centennials were active from 67 to 77 and were later relocated to Billings, Montana and became the "Billings Bighorns". They played in Billings from 1977 to 1998 before being relocated to Nanaimo, British Columbia and were named the "Nanaimo Islanders". The Islanders played from 1982 to 1983 before they were moved to New Westminster, British Columbia and became the "New Westminster Bruins". They moved to the Tri-Cities in 1988.


Doge's Palace, Venice

The Doge's Palace () is a gothic palace in Venice, northern Italy. The palace was the home of the Doge of Venice, the ruler of the Republic of Venice In 1923 the palace became a museum, one of 11 museums run by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia. In 2010 it was visited by 1,358,186 people.

In 810, Doge Angelo Partecipazio moved the government from the island of Malamocco to the Rialto. The first palace was destroyed by a fire in the 10th century, which is in the 900s. A second palace was started by Doge Sebastiano Ziani (1172–1178). There are still parts of this building which can be seen on the ground floor, including stone wall bases and some brick paving. As Venice grew, the palace needed to be rebuilt to meet new demands. For example, changes in the political structure meant there were many more members of the Great Council. 

This third palace, in Gothic style, was started about 1340. The first section was on the side facing the lagoon. In 1424 Doge Francesco Foscari built the wing overlooking the Piazzetta. This new building was for the law-courts, with a ground floor arcade on the outside. The first floor had open loggias running along the facade. When the Porta della Carta was built in 1442, it made an internal courtyard. 

In 1483, a fire destroyed the Doge's residence which was in the part of the palace overlooking the canal. Architect Antonio Rizzo used the new Renaissance style for the building's architecture. A new building was built alongside the canal, stretching from the ponte della Canonica to the Ponte della Paglia. The official rooms of the government had art works specially made by Vittore Carpaccio, Giorgione, Alvise Vivarini and Giovanni Bellini. A fire in 1547 destroyed some rooms on the second floor. A big fire in 1577 destroyed the Scrutinio Room and the Great Council Chamber. Art work by Gentile da Fabriano, Pisanello, Alvise Vivarini, Vittore Carpaccio, Giovanni Bellini, Pordenone, and Titian were also lost in the fire. The palace was rebuilt in the original gothic style. Some classical features were added, such as the Bridge of Sighs joining the prison to the palace.

The palace was the home of the government of the Republic of Venice until the Napoleonic occupation of the city in 1797. Venice was ruled by the French, then Austria, and in 1866 it became part of Italy. During this time, the palace was used for various government offices, the Biblioteca Marciana and other important cultural institutions within the city.

By the end of the 19th century, the building was showing clear signs of decay. The Italian government spent a lot of money to repair the building. All public offices were moved elsewhere, except the State Office for the protection of historical Monuments, which is still housed at the palace's loggia floor. In 1923, the municipality of Venice set up the palace as a museum. In 1996, the Doge’s Palace has been part of the Venetian museums network, which is run by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia since 2008.

The oldest part of the palace is the facade overlooking the lagoon. The corners of the building have 14th century sculptures by Filippo Calendario, Raverti and Antonio Bregno. The ground floor arcade and the loggia has 14th and 15th century capitals. Some of these are copies made during the 19th century.

The Porta della Carta, was the grand entrance to the building. The gateway was built and decorated by Giovanni and Bartolomeo Bon from 1438–1442. The name Porta della Carta could be because this was the area where public scribes set up their desks, or from the "cartabum", where all the important government documents were kept. On either side of the gateway are two gothic towers, with sculptures of the "Cardinal Virtues". On the top is a bust of Saint Mark, and over him is a statue of "Justice" with her symbols of sword and scales. In the space above the cornice, there is a sculpture of the Doge Francesco Foscari kneeling before the St. Mark's Lion. This was made in the 19th century by Luigi Ferrrari, to replace the original destroyed in 1797.

The public entrance to the Doge's Palace is now through the Porta del Frumento, in the waterfront side of the building.

The north side of the courtyard is made by the palace and St. Mark’s Basilica, which used to be the Doge’s chapel. At the center of the courtyard are two well-heads built in the mid-16th century.

In 1485 a grand staircase was built within the courtyard. Linked to the Porta della Carta, it created a monumental approach from the Piazza into the heart of the building. Since 1567, the Giants’ Staircase has been guarded by Sansovino’s two huge statues of "Mars" and "Neptune". These show Venice’s power by land and by sea, and therefore the reason for its name. Members of the Senate gathered before government meetings in the Senator’s Courtyard, to the right of the Giants’ Staircase.

Craig Venter

John Craig Venter (born October 14, 1946) is an American biotechnologist and entrepreneur. He was one of the first to sequence the human genome, and led the team which made the first cell with a synthetic genome (2010).

Venter founded Celera Genomics, The Institute for Genomic Research and the J. Craig Venter Institute. He now works at his Institute to create synthetic (artificial) biological organisms, and to record genetic diversity in the world's oceans. He was listed on "Time" magazine's 2007 and 2008 Time 100 list of the most influential people in the world. In 2010, the British magazine "New Statesman" listed Craig Venter at 14th in the list of "The World's 50 Most Influential Figures 2010".

Venter himself recognized his own ADHD behavior in his adolescence, and later found ADHD-linked genes in his own DNA. In media interviews, Venter has several times said he is an atheist.


Leslie Orgel

Leslie Eleazer Orgel FRS (12 January 1927 – 27 October 2007) was a British chemist.

Born in London, Orgel received his B.A. and Ph.D in chemistry at Magdalen College, Oxford University.

He was one of the first people to see, in April 1953, Crick and Watson's model of DNA: at the time he worked at Oxford University's Chemistry Department.

In 1964 Orgel was appointed Senior Fellow and Research Professor at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies, where he directed the Chemical Evolution Laboratory. He was also an adjunct professor in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the University of California, San Diego, and he was one of five principal investigators in the NASA-sponsored NSCORT program in exobiology. Orgel also participated in NASA's Viking Mars Lander Program as a member of the Molecular Analysis Team that designed the gas chromatography mass spectrometer instrument that robots took to the planet Mars.

Orgel’s lab came across an economical way to make cytarabine, a compound that is one of today’s most commonly used anti-cancer agents.

During the 1970s, Orgel suggested reconsidering the panspermia hypothesis, according to which the earliest forms of life on earth did not originate here, but arrived from outer space with meteorites.

Together with Stanley Miller, Orgel also suggested that peptide nucleic acids – rather than ribonucleic acids – constituted the first pre-biotic systems capable of self-replication on early Earth.

His name is popularly known because of Orgel's rules, credited to him, particularly Orgel's Second Rule: "Evolution is cleverer than you are".

In his book "The Origins of Life", Orgel coined the concept of specified complexity, to describe the criterion by which living organisms are distinguished from non-living matter. He published over three hundred articles in his research areas.

Orgel died of cancer on 27 October 2007 at the San Diego Hospice & Palliative Care in San Diego, California.



LGBT rights in Azerbaijan

2000 saw the abolishment of the Azerbaijani law forbidding homosexual interactions (gay sex). A special edition of "Azerbaijan", the official newspaper of the Parliament, published on 28 May, reported that the Parliament had approved a new Criminal Code, and that the President had signed a decree bringing it into force in September. The text of the new Criminal Code was also published. From this it is clear that the old Article 113 (inherited from the Soviet era, and which punished anal sex between men with three years imprisonment) has been replaced with a new Article 150, which bans only forcible sexual acts.

When Azerbaijan became part of USSR, despite in Lenin-era of Soviet Russia homosexuality was not banned, it remained as crime in Azerbaijan. As the homosexuality was most widespread in Azerbaijan, Turkmenia, Uzbekistan and Georgia, the legislation on persecution of homosexuals remained in force in 1920's.

After the independence of Azerbaijan in 1991, homosexual acts were legalized in 2000. The official newspaper of the Parliament, published on 28 May 2000, reported that the Parliament had approved a new criminal code, and that the President had signed a decree bringing it into force in September. The old Article 113 (inherited from the Soviet era, and which punished anal sex between men with three years imprisonment) has been replaced with a new Article 150, which bans only forcible sexual acts.

Although homosexual acts between consenting male adults were officially decriminalized, reports about police abuses against gays, mainly male prostitutes, persisted during the last year. While complaining of the violence against them, the victims preferred to remain anonymous fearing retaliation on the part of police." (2001 Report of the International Helsinki Federation).

State-controlled media outlets use homosexuality as a tool to harass and discredit critics of the government and opposition journalist.

LGBT rights in the Maldives

Homosexuality is illegal in the Maldives. In addition, the Maldives was one of the 67 signatory nations opposing the UN declaration on sexual orientation and gender identity, which failed to pass.

In 2009 the Maldives enacted a new Constitution that included a chapter on rights and freedoms, demonstrating the desire to embrace a new culture of human rights. However, this did not include any resolutions regarding LGBT human rights issues.

The Maldives does not recognize same-sex marriages, civil unions, or domestic partnerships.

There is no legal protection against discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.

Chrissie Maher

Chrissie Maher, OBE (born 1938) is a British advocate for the use of plain English. She is a co-founder of the Plain English Campaign. This organisation promotes the clear use of English, especially by businesses and official bodies. Her campaign began in 1971 when she founded the United Kingdom's first community newspaper, the "Tuebrook Bugle". That gave her the chance to write articles saying that organisations should start using plain English. In 1974, Maher went on to start "The Liverpool News". It was the UK's first newspaper for adults with reading difficulties. She was also a member of the UK's National Consumer Council. Later, she founded the Plain English Campaign at a demonstration in London in 1979.

As an example of the language issues Maher found objectionable: in 1994, she pointed out that Britain's National Health Service published a definition of the term "bed" that used 229 words.

For her efforts, Maher was awarded the OBE in 1993. In 1995, she was awarded an honorary MA degree by Manchester University. In 1997 she received an honorary doctorate from the Open University. In 2000, Maher was named "Information Pioneer of the Century" by the UK's National Information Forum. In 2010, Maher received an Honorary Fellowship from Liverpool John Moores University for her services to communication. 

Also in 2010 Maher was selected Public Affairs Achiever of the Year and Outstanding Achiever of the Year for the ‘Women in Public Life’ awards.

Tom McArthur, editor of the "Oxford Companion to the English Language" said, "In all the history of the language, there has never been such a powerful grassroots movement to influence it as the Plain English Campaign."


Faust (1926 movie)

Faust is a 1926 German silent movie. It was directed by F. W. Murnau. It stars Gösta Ekman as Faust, Emil Jannings as Mephisto, and Camilla Horn as Gretchen. The story is about an old man who sells his soul to the devil. In return he becomes young again. The movie uses both traditional tales of Faust and Goethe's play. The movie was difficult and expensive to make. "Faust" was Murnau's last German movie. He moved to the United States to direct "Sunrise". The "Bald Mountain" scene in the movie inspired the "Night on Bald Mountain" segment in Walt Disney's "Fantasia".



Synapomorphy

A synapomorphy is a common character. It is a term in cladistics, meaning a trait which is present in two or more species by common descent. It is a type of homologous character or homology.

More precisely, it is shared by two or more taxa and their most recent common ancestor, whose own ancestor in turn does not possess the trait. Thus, it is not just an ancestral trait, but a recently evolved distinguishing trait. It helps to distinguish between two trees of descent which would otherwise be equally likely.

Jonathan Soriano

Jonathan Soriano Casas (born 24 September 1985 in El Pont de Vilomara i Rocafort, Barcelona, Catalonia) is a former Spanish footballer. He played as forward.
He started his career aged 15 in Espanyol Barcelona's second team. With 19 he signed a professional contract and was loaned to the then Segunda División club UD Almería. He returned to Espanyol for the 2006/07 season. Soriano was loaned out again for the second half of the season to Polideportivo Ejido. He spent the 2007/2008 season again at Espanyol and was used regularly for the first time. The first half of the following season he played for Espanyol.In the second half of the season he was on loan for Albacete Balompié.

In 2009 Soriano went to FC Barcelona B. With the reserve team of FC Barcelona, ​​he rose to the Segunda División in his first season. He was his team's top scorer with 18 goals. In the 2010/11 season he was top scorer in the league with 32 goals in 36 games. 

On 19 January 2012, Soriano signed a contract until June 2015 with FC Red Bull Salzburg. He scored his first goal for RB Salzburg in a 2-1 home win over SC Wiener Neustadt. In the 2012/13 season under new coach Roger Schmidt he scored 26 goals in 33 Bundesliga games and gave 7 assists. In the 2013/14 season he recorded 31 goals and 17 assists in 28 games. He was top scorer in the Bundesliga. After 2012, he also won the double again with FC Red Bull Salzburg. After the end of the Europa League season, he was the top scorer in this competition with his eight goals. 2014/15 he was again top scorer of the Bundesliga. In the following championship season 2015/16, he won the cup and the championship with the team for the third time in a row. Soriano was again top scorer in both competitions.

On 27 February 2017 he went to Beijing Guoan in China. In two years in China, he made 31 appearances in the Chinese Super League, scoring 25 goals. After the end of his contract he moved to al-Hilal in Saudi Arabia in January 2019. In August 2019 he returned to Spain and joined second division club FC Girona. On 24 September 2021 he ended his active career.
Soriano went through all Spanish youth national teams up to the U-21. In December 2012 he was called up to the Catalan football team for the friendly against Nigeria on 2 January 2013. 


Conquest of the Pole

Conquest of the Pole () is a 1912 silent movie. It was directed and produced by Georges Méliès. It was based on the book "The Adventures of Captain Hatteras" by Jules Verne. The movie is about a race to the north pole by different groups of balloonists. A complicated scene in the movie has a frost giant who tries to eat the crew.


View of Delft

View of Delft is an oil painting. It was painted by Johannes Vermeer between about 1660 and 1661. The painting shows Vermeer's hometown. It is one of his most popular pictures. It is one of three paintings of Delft by Vermeer. The others are "The Little Street" and the lost painting "House Standing in Delft". In 2011, the painting was featured on gold and silver commemorative coins issued by the Royal Dutch Mint.

Philip Larkin

Philip Arthur Larkin CH, CBE, FRSL (9 August 1922 – 2 December 1985) was a English poet and novelist.

Larkin was born and raised in Coventry, Warwickshire, where he attended primary and secondary school. He graduated from St John's College, Oxford with a double first in English language and literature.

Larkin spent the latter years of his life in Hull, where he was a librarian at the University of Hull. Larkin died in Hull, Humberside, of oesophageal cancer.

Drake

Drake may mean:





Skyler Gisondo

Skyler Gisondo (born July 22, 1996) is an American actor. Gisondo is probably best known for his roles as Bryan Pearson on "The Bill Engvall Show", Tommy Doyle in Rob Zombie's "Halloween", and B-Dawg in the "Air Buddies" series. He has also been in TV shows such as "ER", "Everybody Loves Raymond", "Cold Case", "Criminal Minds", "My Name Is Earl", "House" and "".

Lee Remick

Lee Ann Remick (December 14, 1935 – July 2, 1991) was an American actress. She was born in Quincy, Massachusetts. She played the female lead in "Anatomy of a Murder", "Days of Wine and Roses" and "The Omen".

Remick won a Golden Globe award in 1973. In 1975 she won a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA award.

Remick died of kidney cancer in Los Angeles, California.

Miranda Lambert

Miranda Leigh Lambert (born November 10, 1983) is an American country music artist who gained fame as a finalist on the 2003 season of "Nashville Star", where she finished in third place and later signed to Epic Records. She was married to country singer Blake Shelton whom divorced in 2015. She married NYPD officer Brendan McLoughlin on January 26, 2019.

She has four solo albums released as of 2011 and one with country supergroup Pistol Annies. Some of her most known songs are "Gunpowder and Lead", "Kerosene", "The House That Built Me", "White Liar", "Heart Like Mine", and "Baggage Claim".




Blake Shelton

Blake Tollison Shelton (born June 18, 1976) is an American country singer and television personality. Shelton is signed to Warner Nashville. Some of his most known songs are "Ol' Red", "Some Beach", "Hillbilly Bone", "Kiss My Country Ass", "Honey Bee", "God Gave Me You", and "Drink on It". He has been a judge on "The Voice" since April 2011.

He was born in Ada, Oklahoma. 

Shelton was married to country singer Miranda Lambert from 2011 until 2015. He is currently in a relationship with singer Gwen Stefani. The two collaborated on the song "You Make It Feel like Christmas", featured on Stefani's 2017 Christmas album of the same 



Battle of Balaclava

The Battle of Balaclava was a battle of the Crimean War. It was on 25 October 1854 by the Ottoman Empire, the French Empire, and the United Kingdom against the Russian Empire. The battle ended with a Russian victory. Two of the most important events of the Crimean 
War took place during the Battle of Balaclava.

The 93rd Highland Regiment, which was dressed almost only in red, formed a line that was two men thick and stood its ground despite a charge by the Russian cavalry.

The charge was made by the 4th and 13th Light Dragoons, 17th Lancers, and the 8th and 11th Hussars, under the command of Major General the Earl of Cardigan. Many people died in the charge since 278 of the over 670 soldiers were killed. The event inspired the poem by Alfred, Lord Tennyson, of the same name.

HP

The shortcut HP can mean


Plano, Texas

Plano is a city in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the ninth largest city in the state. Over 280,000 people live there. It has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Plano has the headquarters of many large businesses, including:

Fargo (1996 movie)

Fargo is a 1996 American black comedy-drama crime thriller movie. The Coen brothers made this movie, which is set in 1987. Frances McDormand, Steve Buscemi and William H. Macy star in the movie as a detective, a criminal, and a car salesman, respectively. It is a dark comedy about the police investigation of some murders and bad business activities.

In 2006 it was put into the United States National Film Registry because the group thought it was culturally, historically, or aesthetically important enough to be recognized in their collection. It inspired a TV series "of the same name"

Part of the movie is set in Fargo, North Dakota. The majority is set in Minneapolis and Brainerd, Minnesota. It shows the culture and accent of many of the people who live there.

Viktor Kozin

Viktor Mikhailovich Kozin () (born February 22, 1953) is a Russian naval engineer, ship designer and inventor of a new method of icebreaking, called the resonance method of ice destruction. He received his Assistant Professorship in Technical Sciences (Ph.D.) for his work "Mechanics of deformable solids" in Vladivostok in 1994. He became a full Professor in 1996 and was awarded the title Honored Inventor of the Russian Federation in 2000. Since 2008 he is a member of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences (RANS).

Kozin was awarded a diploma from the President of the Russian Academy of Sciences (1999) and won grants from the Russian Ministry of Education (2006). He received multiple prizes for his academic and scientific achievements in the theory of watercraft statics and dynamics, design of vessels, hydraulics and hydromechanics, ship and submarine construction. He is the author of two textbooks in naval engineering and 12 works on the methods of education in the area of naval design.



The Gold Rush

The Gold Rush is a 1925 silent movie. It was written, directed, and produced by Charlie Chaplin. He stars in the movie, too. The movie is set in the Yukon during the Klondike Gold Rush. Chaplin plays the Little Tramp. It was a character he created. The Little Tramp appeared in many Chaplin movies. In this movie, the Little Tramp has many adventures with other prospectors. He falls in love with a saloon girl. Critics liked the movie. One critic wrote, "Here is a comedy with streaks of poetry, pathos, tenderness, linked with brusqueness and boisterousness. It is the outstanding gem of all Chaplin's pictures, as it has more thought and originality than even such masterpieces of mirth as "The Kid" and "Shoulder Arms"." In 1992 "The Gold Rush" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry. Chaplin hoped that people would remember him for this movie.


The Thief of Bagdad

The Thief of Bagdad is a 1924 silent movie. It was directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Douglas Fairbanks. The plot was adapted from "One Thousand and One Nights". The movie is about a thief who falls in love with the daughter of the Caliph of Baghdad. Fairbanks was very athletic. This movie provided many moments for gymnastics. The movie was Fairbanks's favorite among all his movies.

"Thief" gave Fairbanks a new direction. He was a comedy star, but after this movie he became a "swashbuckler". The movie had many special effects such as flying carpets and monsters and magical Djinn. The Arabian-style set was huge. The movie was remade twice: once in 1940 with Sabu and then in 1961 with Steve Reeves. The Fairbanks version was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry in 1996.



Sinbad the Sailor

Sinbad the Sailor is a fictional character in the "One Thousand and One Nights" ("The Arabian Nights"). He is a sailor. His stories take place in the days of Haroun al-Rashid. It is possible that Sinbad is of Persian origin. He has many adventures. He meets monsters such as The Old Man of the Sea and the Roc. There are seven stories about Sinbad's journeys. They are sometimes a part of the Scheherazade stories. The Sinbad stories have been made into movies and animated cartoons. 


Mount Vernon

Mount Vernon was the plantation home of George Washington, the first President of the United States. It is located near Alexandria, Virginia. The house was designed by Washington and built of wood in 1757. It is in the neoclassical Georgian architectural style. Mount Vernon is on the banks of the Potomac River. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1960. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is owned and maintained in trust by The Mount Vernon Ladies' Association. It is open every day of the year. Mount Vernon is on the tentative list of World Heritage Sites in the United States.

The property was long called Little Hunting Creek Plantation but Lawrence Washington, George's older half-brother, renamed it for Edward Vernon, his commander in the Royal Navy. Laurence died in 1753 and George eventually inherited the estate.



Str8 off tha Streetz of Muthaphukkin Compton

Str8 off tha Streetz of Muthaphukkin Compton is the second album by American rapper, Eazy-E. The album was released on November 24, 1995. The producers of the album were DJ Yella, Naughty by Nature, Rhythm D, K Loc, Mike E. Clark. It was Eazy-E's last full length album before he died. It was released posthumously about eight months after his death. The album was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song "Ole School Shit" was a diss track to Tha Dogg Pound, Dr. Dre, Tweedy Bird Loc and Snoop Doggy Dogg. The song "Wut Would You Do" was also a diss track to Snoop Doggy Dogg, Tha Dogg Pound, Suge Knight and Dr. Dre.

Rajesh Khanna

Rajesh Khanna (29 December 1942 18 July 2012) was an Indian actor in movies. He became very famous in Bollywood after Shakti Samantha's movie "Aradhana". Rajesh played both the father and son in that movie. Some of his well-known movies are "Anand", "Kati Patang", "Safar", "Sacha Jhuta", "Raja Rani", "Bawarchi" and "Amar Prem".

Megalomania

Megalomania is a mental illness. People with megalomania have delusional fantasies that they are more relevant (important) or powerful than they truly are. They have inflated self esteem and overestimate their powers and beliefs. People with megalomania tend to exhibit a disposition that is less inclined towards humbleness.. 

The word "megalomania" is no longer used in the mental health field, and is not mentioned in either the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) or the International Statistical Classification of Diseases (ICD). Instead, this condition is now called narcissistic personality disorder. The condition affects both men and women. 

The word "megalomania" comes from two Greek words: "μεγαλο" (megalo-), meaning large or great, and "μανία" (mania), meaning madness or frenzy.


The Great Train Robbery

The Great Train Robbery is a 1903 western silent movie. It was written, directed, produced, and photographed by Edwin S. Porter. It is 12 minutes long. It is thought to be an important step in making movies. It expanded upon Porter's previous movie "Life of an American Fireman". The movie used many new moviemaking techniques. These techniques included cross cutting, camera movement, and on-location shooting. Some prints of the movie were also hand colored in certain scenes. It was shot in Milltown, New Jersey. The movie has been chosen for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.


Les Patineurs

The Skaters Waltz (1882) is a waltz by Émile Waldteufel. It is known as Les Patineurs Valse in French, and Die Schlittschuhläufer-Walzer in German. It was inspired by the Cercle des Patineurs (skating rink) at the Bois de Boulogne in Paris. Glissando notes and bells suggest a winter's day. The waltz was published by Hopwood & Crew. It was dedicated to Ernest Coquelin, the younger brother of two celebrated actor brothers of the Comédie Française. It has been used as background music for several movies.

<score vorbis="1">
</score>

<score vorbis="1">
</score>


Blue Danube Waltz

On the Beautiful Blue Danube, Op. 314 is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1867 for the Vienna Men's Singing Society. It was written for four-part choir with orchestra or piano. The words were written by Josef Weyl. It was first performed on 15 February 1867 by the Vienna Men's Singing Society and the orchestra of the Forty-Second Infantry Regiment directed by Rudolph Weinwurm. It was performed without voices on March 4 and again on March 10 in the same format at a benefit for Strauss's brothers. It was a sensation when performed at the Paris Exposition the same year. This performance marked the beginning of Strauss's international reputation. The waltz was published in 1867 by Carl Anton Spina.

The piece begins with a slow introduction in the dominant key of A major. This introduction is followed by five small waltzes of two sections each. Melodies with large leaps are contrasted with linear melodies composed within a narrow range. The coda touches on the various melodies and concludes with a lively finish. The waltz was first played in the United States in its instrumental version on 1 July 1867 in New York. It was first played in Great Britain on 21 September 1867 in London at the promenade concerts in Covent Garden. The instrumental version is usually performed today. On New Year's Eve in Vienna, the waltz is broadcast on television and radio stations at midnight. It is an encore piece at the Vienna New Year's Day Concert.


Segmentation

Segmentation in biology means the division of some animal and plant bodies into a series of repeat sections or parts. It is common in some of the most successful groups of animals, such as arthropods, vertebrates and annelid worms. 

Segmentation of the body allows different regions of the body to develop for different uses.

We now know a good deal about how the development of segmented animals is controlled. In a series of experiments with the fruit-fly "Drosophila", E.B. Lewis was able to identify a complex of genes whose proteins bind to the regulatory regions of target genes. The latter then activate or repress cell processes which direct the final development of the organism. 

Furthermore, the sequence of these control genes show "co-linearity": the order of the loci in the chromosome parallels the order in which the loci are expressed along the anterior-posterior axis of the body. Not only that, but this cluster of master control genes programs the development of all higher organisms. 

Each of the genes contains a homeobox, a remarkably conserved DNA sequence. This suggests the complex itself arose by gene duplication. 

In his Nobel lecture, Lewis said "Ultimately, comparisons of the [control complexes] throughout the animal kingdom should provide a picture of how the organisms, as well as the [control genes] have evolved".

Waltz of the Flowers

The "Waltz of the Flowers" (1892) is a piece of orchestral music from the second act of "The Nutcracker", a ballet composed by Tchaikovsky. Tchaikovsky told his fellow musicians he was working on a "fantastic" ballet called "The Nutcracker": "It's awfully fun to write a march for tin soldiers, a waltz of the flowers, etc." The waltz is also the last number in his "Nutcracker Suite". The "Waltz of the Flowers" is very popular. It has been arranged for various instruments and for various combinations of instruments. Percy Grainger arranged the waltz for piano solo as "Paraphrase on Tchaikovsky’s Flower Waltz". Walt Disney Studios animated the waltz for the movie "Fantasia".
"Waltz of the Flowers" wins Academy Award for Animated Short Film characters: Thumbelina, Janessa, Chrysella from "Barbie Presents Thumbelina".


Okazaki, Aichi

It has been recognized as a core city since 2003.

In the Edo period, "Fujikawa-shuku" was one of the fifty-three shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.






Apollo 7

Apollo 7 was a mission in the NASA's Apollo program. It was the first crewed mission in the Apollo program and the first crewed US space flight after Apollo 1 disaster. The mission was a C type mission. Apollo 7 was launched on October 11, 1968 and stayed in space for 10 days, 20 hours, 9 minutes and three seconds. It orbited the Earth. Apollo 7 was the first crewed launch of the Saturn IB launch vehicle and the first three-person US space mission. The crew were Commander Walter M. Schirra, with Command Module Pilot Donn Eisele and Lunar Module Pilot R. Walter Cunningham. The mission was designed to test the re-made Block II Apollo Command/Service Module. The crew orbited in Earth orbit so that they could check life-support, propulsion and control systems. The mission was a success. It gave NASA the confidence to launch Apollo 8 later. 


Arata Isozaki

Isozaki was born in Ōita.

He studied with Kenzo Tange, Kisho Kurokawa, and Fumihiko Maki at the University of Tokyo. He graduated in 1954.

Isozaki worked for Kenzo Tange & Urtec from 1954 to 1963. He started his own design office in 1963.

In 2005, Arata Isozaki started another office in Italy called Arata Isozaki & Andrea Maffei Associates.

Isozaki was awarded the Pritzker Architecture Prize in March 2019.





Rumour Has It (Adele song)

"Rumour Has It" is the fourth hit single from the Adele album "21". It was released on 5 November 2011. The song was given lots of positive reviews from music critics in. The song was written by Adele along with Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic, who also produced the song. It reached number 16 on the charts in the US and Canada. In the US, it was certified double-Platinum for shipments of over two million copies.

What Makes You Beautiful

"What Makes You Beautiful" was the first single released by the British-Irish boyband One Direction. It is from their album "Up All Night" (2011). It was released by Syco Records on 11 September 2011. Written by Rami Yacoub, Carl Falk and Savan Kotecha and produced by Yacoub and Falk, "What Makes You Beautiful" is a teen pop song.

"What Makes You Beautiful" sold 153,965 copies in its first week. In the United States, the single became the highest Billboard Hot 100 debut for a U.K. act since 1998.

C-sharp

C-sharp (also written as C or C#) could mean:


Kitakyushu Municipal Museum of Art

The museum has 6,000 artworks.

The museum shows the work of Japanese artists, like Hokusai's woodblock print "The Great Wave off Kanagawa" by Hokusai.

The collection of Western art includes a portrait of Edouard Manet and his wife painted by Edgar Degas in 1869.

The current building was designed by Arata Isozaki. It was built in 1974.

The municipal art collection was established in the 19th century.


Xerophile

Xerophiles are extremophile organisms that can grow and reproduce in conditions with almost no water.

Many moulds and yeasts are xerophilic. Mould growth on bread is an example of food spoilt by a xerophilic fungus.

Examples:


John Gielgud

Sir Arthur John Gielgud, (; 14 April 1904 – 21 May 2000) was an English actor and director. Gielgud was born in South Kensington, London and attended Westminster School. He acted in theatre, on radio, television and in movies.

Gielgud won many awards, including an Academy Award, two Emmy Awards, three Tony Awards, a Grammy Award and two Golden Globe Awards. In 1992 he received a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. The Globe Theatre in London was renamed the Gielgud Theatre in 1994 in his honour.

Gielgud was gay. He was in a long-term relationship until his partner died in 1998. Gielgud died in Wootton Underwood, Buckinghamshire.










Kaley Cuoco

Kaley Christine Cuoco (born November 30, 1985) is an American actress. She was born in Camarillo, California. She played major roles in "8 Simple Rules" and "Charmed". She plays the main female character Penny in "The Big Bang Theory".

Cuoco married tennis player Ryan Sweeting on December 31, 2013. The couple said in September 2015 that they are going to divorce.

Molly Ringwald

Molly Kathleen Ringwald (born February 18, 1968) is an American actress. She was born in Roseville, California. She is best known for her starring roles in John Hughes movies "Sixteen Candles" (1984), "The Breakfast Club" (1985), and "Pretty in Pink" (1986).

Ensemble

An ensemble is a group of people who work or perform together. By extension, it can mean a coordinated outfit of clothing, or anything where a group contributes to a coordinated whole.

The term is most used in music. A musical ensemble is a group of people who perform instrumental or vocal music. In classical music, trios or quartets often group together instruments from the same instrument family, such as string ensembles or wind ensembles. The term is also used in jazz, where the instruments typically include wind instruments.

An ensemble usually consists of three or four people with similar skill levels. The word originated in late middle English (as an adverb) meaning "at the same time". It is from French, based on the Latin "insimul". The noun dates from the mid 18th century.

Dirty Dancing

Dirty Dancing is a 1987 American romantic drama movie directed by Emile Ardolino. It is set in 1963 in the Catskill Mountains, New York. It stars Jennifer Grey as a 17 year old on vacation and Patrick Swayze as the resort's dance instructor. The movie did very well at the box office and it became a cult classic.

A remake was released in 2017.

New Japan Pro Wrestling roster

The New Japan Pro Wrestling roster is a list of professional wrestlers who are featured by New Japan Pro Wrestling.


Cursive (band)

Cursive is an American indie rock band, from Omaha, Nebraska, formed in 1995. They are currently signed by Saddle Creek Records. The discography of Cursive, consists of six studio albums, one compilation album, nine slipts/EPs, six promo-singles, and eleven music videos.








Ternary form

Ternary form is a musical form. It is also called song form or minuet and trio. These forms all have three distinct sections. The three sections are written in shorthand as ABA. The music in the A sections is the same, or very nearly the same. The music in the B section is different from the A sections. The B section usually provides some sort of musical contrast to the A sections. It may be composed in a different but related key, for example. The B section is often called the "trio", especially in minuets, scherzi, marches, polonaises, etc. The B section came to be called the "trio" because a Baroque composer consistently scored this section in his minuets for three instruments.


La Dispute

La Dispute is an American post-hardcore band, formed in 2004 in Grand Rapids, Michigan. They have released two albums and seven EPs. The band consists of Jordan Dreyer (vocals), Brad Vander Lugt (drums), Chad Sterenberg and Kevin Whittemore (guitars) and Adam Vass (bass). La Dispute released two full-leght albums, three singles, one musical video, five EPs and two slipts.

The genre of the band is post-hardcore and experimental rock, with blues and spoken word. They also play music which sound like screamo, progressive rock, post-rock, melodic hardcore, metalcore, emo, hardcore punk. and "screamo-revival". The band influences are Thursday, Refused, At the Drive-In and Glassjaw. Brad Vander Lugt cites blues and jazz influences too.







Staffa

Staffa is an island in the Inner Hebrides off the north-west of Scotland. It is famous for Fingal's Cave and other examples of basalt columns. No-one lives there.

The islands became part of the Kingdom of Mann and the Isles, the "Suðreyjar" kingdom of the Norse. The Norsemen ruled for over 400 years until sovereignty was transferred to Scotland by the Treaty of Perth in 1266. The islands were then held by the Clans MacLeod and MacDonald, but Staffa was not regularly inhabited.

This small island is entirely of volcanic origin. It consists of a basement of tuff, underneath colonnades of a black fine-grained Tertiary basalt, overlying which is a third layer of basalt lava. Slow cooling of the second layer of basalt resulted in an extraordinary pattern of hexagonal columns which form the faces and walls of the principal caves. The lava contracted as it cooled and solidified into columns, a process known as columnar jointing.

The columns have three to eight sides, six being most common. The columns are also divided horizontally by cross joints. Similar formations are found at the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland, on the island of Ulva and Ardmeanach on the Isle of Mull. The 'Staffa Group' is the name given to the series of olivine basalts found in and around Mull. The volcanic eruptions took place 55–58 million years ago.

Good Charlotte (album)

Good Charlotte is the debut studio album by American pop punk band Good Charlotte. "Good Charlotte" was released on September 26, 2000. It was the first and last album to feature Aaron Escolopio on the drums. All of the songs except for "Let Me Go" and "Seasons" were written by Benji and Joel Madden. "Let Me Go" and "Seasons" were written by Benji Madden, Joel Madden and Josh Ian.

The Fall of the House of Usher

The Fall of the House of Usher is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in September 1839 in "Burton's Gentleman's Magazine". It was slightly revised in 1840 and published in a collection of Poe's stories called "Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque". The poem "The Haunted Palace" is part of the story. Vincent Price and Myrna Fahey starred in a 1960 Roger Corman movie based on the story.

This story is by an unnamed narrator who is a friend of Roderick Usher-who believes he is sick and dying. His house is crumbling. Usher has a sister, Madeleine. She falls into a catatonic state. She appears dead.

Roderick knows she is not dead. He places her in the family tomb. On a stormy night, she rises from the tomb. She falls upon her brother. She is dead. Her brother dies from terror. The house crumbles and falls. The narrator flees and sees the spot where the house was has been covered by water.


Snow White

"Snow White" is a fairy tale about a young princess who meets a group of dwarfs after running away from her evil stepmother who is jealous of her beauty. 

A Queen gives birth to a daughter. She names her Snow White. The queen dies. Snow White's father, the King marries an evil woman. This new Evil Queen has a magic mirror that tells her she is the fairest (most beautiful) in the land. One day the mirror names Snow White as the fairest. The queen is jealous. She decides to kill Snow White. The queen's huntsman takes the child into the woods to kill her. The huntsman is too kind to kill her so he lets her escape.

Snow White comes to a cottage in the forest. It belongs to seven dwarfs. They allow her to live with them. She does the housework. The evil queen learns Snow White is still alive. She decides to kill Snow White herself. She disguises herself as an old woman. She tries to kill Snow White first with a bodice lace and then with a poisoned comb. She fails. Snow White lives. At last the queen gives Snow White a poisoned apple. The child falls down as if dead. 

The dwarfs place her in a glass coffin on a mountain top. One day a prince rides by. He falls in love with her. The dwarfs give him permission to take the coffin to his castle. The prince's friends lift the coffin. The bit of poisoned apple in Snow White's throat is loosened. She awakens. The prince rejoices. He marries Snow White. At the wedding, the evil queen is forced to dance in red-hot iron shoes until she drops dead. Snow White and the Prince then live happily ever after.

Early printed versions are found in Giambattista Basile's "Pentamerone" (1634) and in J. K. Musäus's "German Folktales" (1782). 

The Brothers Grimm recorded a version called "Little Snow White" () in 1812 in their "Children's and Household Tales". The Grimms' story is the best-known version of "Snow White" today. 

"Snow White" has been adapted many times to plays, movies, and television programs. Walt Disney adapted the Grimms version to an animated movie in 1937 called "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs". 


Mud bogging

Mud bogging (sometimes called mud racing, mud running, mud drags, or mudding) is a type of off-road motorsport. It is popular in Canada and the United States. The goal of mud bogging is to drive a vehicle through a pit of mud. Winners are decided by the distance they get through the pit. However, if several vehicles are able to travel the entire length, the time taken to go through the pit will decide the winner. Usually, vehicles competing in mud bogs are four-wheel drives. The motor sport is managed by groups like the "American Mud Racing Association". and the "National Mud Racing Organization (NMRO)". 

Moonshine

Moonshine (also called white lightning, mountain dew, hooch, "Tennessee white whiskey", and many other names) is an alcoholic drink that is made illegally. But is usually hidden well from the law.

In 1958 Robert Mitchum made a film "Thunder Road" about a moonshine "runner" who makes one last-and fatal run.

The part of the "runner" being killed was loosely based on the death of a actual runner named Rufus Gunther of Cocke County Tennessee in January 1953

The movie part of the burning car going over the cliff was reused in the 1963 Perry Mason episode "The Case of the Bouncing Boomerang"

Rochelle Humes

Rochelle Eulah Eileen Humes (née Wiseman; born 21 March 1989) is a British pop singer and actress. She was born in Barking, London to a British mother and Sierra Leonean father. She was a member of S Club 8. Since 2007, she is a member of girl group The Saturdays.

She is married to Marvin Humes of JLS. The couple have a daughter.

Rumer Willis

Rumer Glenn Willis (born August 16, 1988 ) is an American actress. She has been featured in several movies. She was born in Paducah, Kentucky. She is the eldest daughter of actors Demi Moore and Bruce Willis, and the eldest sister of Scout Willis and Tallulah Willis.

Timothy Spall

Timothy Spall OBE (born 27 February 1957) is a British character actor. He was born in Battersea, London and lives in Forest Hill, London. He played one the main characters in drama series "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet". He played major characters in "Secrets & Lies", "Shooting the Past" as well as the title role in "Pierrepoint". 

He presents "" in which he and his wife travel around the coast of the United Kingdom in a Dutch barge.

His son Rafe Spall is an actor.

Pop Tarts

Pop-Tarts is a brand of rectangular, pre-baked toaster pastries made by the Kellogg Company. Pop-Tarts have a sugary filling sealed inside two layers of rectangular, thin pastry crust. Some varieties are frosted. Although sold pre-cooked, they are designed to be warmed inside a toaster or microwave oven. They are usually sold in pairs inside foil packages, and do not require refrigeration.

Gran Premio Latinoamericano

The Gran Premio Latinoamericano also named "Gran Premio Asociación Latinoamericana de Jockey Clubes e Hipódromos" is a horse-race for thoroughbreds of the South American hypodromes. This is the main competition of the "OSAF" - South American Organization for the Promotion of the Thoruoughbred. At present, OSAF is made up of the most important South American Jockey Clubs, Horseracing Institutions, Breeders’ Associations, and Stud Books. Panama in 2009 and Mexico in 2011 was admitted to the Asociación Latinoamericana de Jockey Clubes e Hipódromos and their hypodromes can feature these races in the next years.

This race is for 3 years old or more thoroughbreds. The distance is 2000 metres, but in 2012 is 2100 metres. In the year of 2012 the race will be on 10 March at Hipódromo de Palermo, Buenos Aires.


Carlos Knight

Carlos Knight (born October 22, 1993) is an American actor. He starred in the "Fred Figglehorn" franchise as Diesel. Knight is from Columbia, South Carolina.


Antonio del Pollaiuolo

Antonio del Pollaiuolo (17 January 1429 – 4 February 1498), also known as Antonio di Jacopo Pollaiuolo or Antonio Pollaiolo was an Italian 15th century painter. He painted "The Martyrdom of St. Sebastian" (1475, oil on poplar). The painting is at The National Gallery in Trafalgar Square, London.


Kevin McDonald

Kevin Hamilton McDonald (born May 16, 1961) is a Canadian actor, voice artist, and comedian. He's the voice of Agent Pleakley in the "Lilo & Stitch" series, Waffle in "Catscratch" and the Almighty Tallest Purple in "Invader Zim".

McDonald founded "The Kids in the Hall" with his best friend and actor Dave Foley.

Angels in the Outfield (1994 movie)

Angels in the Outfield is a 1994 American fantasy sports comedy movie. It stars Danny Glover. The movie is about baseball and is set in Los Angeles.

Jamal Woolard

Jamal Woolard (born July 8, 1975) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, rapper, and comedian. He is best known for portraying The Notorious B.I.G. in "Notorious".




Thursday (band)

Thursday was an American emo band, formed in New Brunswick, New Jersey, at 1997. The group has released six full-length albums, one compilation album, four EPs and one slipt. The band separates in November 22, 2011.









Monticello

Monticello was the home of President Thomas Jefferson. It is near Charlottesville, Virginia. It is now a National Historic Landmark. 

It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 

Jefferson designed the house based on the principles of Andrea Palladio. Construction began in 1768. Jefferson moved in two years later. He remodelled the house after picking up ideas in Europe. The house is located on a peak in the Southwest Mountains. Its name is Italian for "Little Mountain". Slave quarters were located 300 feet south of the house on Mulberry Row. These quarters were occupied by slaves working in the house. The slaves working in the fields lived in another place. A cabin on Mulberry Row was once the home of Sally Hemings. She was a slave who had a long relationship with Jefferson after his wife died. She gave birth to six of his children. An image of the house has appeared on the United States nickel and on the two-dollar bill. Monticello became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987. It has been owned and operated by the Thomas Jefferson Foundation since 1923.



Fermionic condensate

A fermionic condensate, or fermi condensate, is a state of matter (superfluid phase) which is very similar to the Bose–Einstein condensate. Superfluids are also Bose-Einstein condensates.

The only difference is that Bose-Einstein condensates are made up of bosons, and are social with each other (in groups, or clumps). Fermi condensates are anti-social (they don't attract each other at all). This has to be done artificially.

This state of matter was made in December 2003 by Deborah Jin and her group. Jin worked for the National Institute of Standards and Technology at the University of Colorado. Her team created this state of matter by cooling a cloud of potassium-40 atoms to less than a millionth°C over absolute zero (-273.15 °C, this is the hypothetical lowest limit of physical temperatures). This is the same temperature required to cool matter to a Bose–Einstein condensate. The process of cooling a gas into a condensate is called condensation.

Bosons and fermions are subatomic particles (bits of matter smaller than an atom). The difference between a boson and a fermion is the number of the atom's electrons, neutrons and/or protons. An atom is composed of bosons if it has an even number of electrons. An atom is composed of fermions if it has an odd number of electrons, neutrons and protons. An example of a boson would be a gluon. An example of a fermion would be potassium-40, which is what Deborah Jin used as the gas cloud. Bosons can form clumps and are attracted to each other, whereas fermions do not form clumps. Fermions are usually found in straight strings because they repel each other. This is because fermions obey the Pauli exclusion principle, which states that they cannot gather together in the same quantum state.

Like the Bose–Einstein condensates, fermi condensates will coalesce (grow together into one entity) with the particles that make them up. Bose–Einstein condensates and fermi condensates are also both man-made states of matter. The particles that make these states of matter have to be artificially super-cooled, to have the properties that they do. However, fermi condensates have reached even lower temperatures than Bose–Einstein condensates. Also, both states of matter have no viscosity, which means that they can flow without stopping.

Creating a fermi condensate is very difficult. Fermions obey the exclusion principle, and they are not attracted to each other. They repel each other. Jin and her research team found a way to merge them together. They adjusted and applied a magnetic field on the anti-social fermions, so they began losing their properties. The fermions still kept some of their character, but behaved a bit like bosons. Using this, they were able to make separate pairs of fermions merge with each other over and over again. Mrs. Jin suspects that this pairing process is the same in Helium-3, also a superfluid. Based on this information, they can hypothesize (make an educated guess) that fermionic condensates will flow without any viscosity as well.

Another related phenomenon is superconductivity. In superconductivity, paired electrons can flow with 0 viscosity. There is quite some interest in superconductivity, as it may be a cheaper and cleaner source of electricity. It could also be used to power levitating trains and hover-cars.

But this can only happen if scientists can create or discover materials that are superconductors at room temperature. In fact, a Nobel Prize will be awarded to one who succeeds in making a room temperature superconductor. Right now, the problem is that scientists have to work with superconductors at around -135 °C. This involves the use of liquid nitrogen and other methods to make extremely cold temperatures. This is of course a tedious job, which is why scientists prefer to use superconductors at room temperature. Mrs. Jin's team thinks that replacing the paired electrons with the paired fermions would result in a room-temperature superconductor.


Lincoln Home National Historic Site

Lincoln Home National Historic Site preserves the home of Abraham Lincoln and his wife Mary Todd Lincoln in Springfield, Illinois. The Lincolns bought the house in 1844. They lived there until 1861 when Lincoln became the 16th President of the United Sates. The site includes a four-block historic district and a visitor's center. Lincoln's son, Robert Todd Lincoln donated the family home to the State of Illinois in 1887. He wanted the house to be well-maintained forever. He also wanted the house to be open to the public at no charge. The home and the historic district became a National Historic Site on August 18, 1971. The house has two floors and 12 rooms. It was the only house Lincoln ever owned. 


Evangeline

Evangeline, A Tale of Acadie is a long poem. It was written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. It was published in 1847. The poem is about a girl named Evangeline. She searches for her lost love Gabriel. Longfellow got the idea for the poem from his friend Nathaniel Hawthorne. He modelled the poem on the Greek and Roman classics. "Evangeline" is one of Longfellow's most popular works.

Evangeline is a girl of Acadie, a place in Canada. She is engaged to Gabriel. They are separated when the British deport the Acadians from Acadie in the Great Upheaval. She searches for him across America. This takes many years. Sometimes she is close to him without knowing he is near. Finally she settles in Philadelphia. She grows old. She works as a Sister of Mercy among the poor. She tends the dying during an epidemic. She finds Gabriel among the sick. He dies in her arms.


The Village Blacksmith

"The Village Blacksmith" is a poem. It was written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. It was published in 1841 in Longfellow's book, "Ballads and Other Poems". 

The real blacksmith of the poem was Dexter Pratt. He was Longfellow's neighbor. The first lines of the poem are well-known: "Under a spreading chestnut tree / The village smithy stands." 

In 1879, children in Cambridge, Massachusetts gave Longfellow a chair. It was made from the chestnut tree of the poem. 

The Wreck of the Hesperus

"The Wreck of the Hesperus" is a poem. It was written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. It was published in 1842 in Longfellow's book, "Ballads and Other Poems". His inspiration for the poem was a bad storm in 1839. The storm destroyed 20 ships and killed 40 people. A dead woman was found in the sea tied to a mast.

A proud sea captain takes his little daughter aboard his ship to keep him company. A seaman warns him a storm is approaching. He does not pay attention to this seaman. The storm hits. The captain ties his daughter to the mast. He does not want her to be swept overboard. She calls out to her dying father. She hears the waves beating on the shore. She prays to Christ to calm the seas. The ship crashes onto a reef and sinks. The next morning a fisherman finds the daughter's dead body in the sea. It is still tied to the mast. 


The Young and the Hopeless

The Young and the Hopeless is the second studio album by American pop punk band, Good Charlotte. "The Young and the Hopeless" was released on October 1, 2002 and was re-released in 2004. It was the first album by Good Charlotte to feature an intro song. The album featured the singles "Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous", "The Anthem", "Girls & Boys", "The Young & the Hopeless" and "Hold On".

The Chronicles of Life and Death

The Chronicles of Life and Death is the third studio album by American pop punk band, Good Charlotte. "The Chronicles of Life and Death" was released on October 5, 2004. It was released with both a "Life" and a "Death" version. The life version contained a bonus track called "Falling Away" which also featured the hidden track "Wounded". It was the first and last album to feature Chris Wilson on the drums.

Massage

Massages refer to rubbing a particular place on the body. They are often performed when a certain part of the human body is injured, strained or in cramps. Massages are often performed on human feet, backs and arms, but can be done on many parts of the body.

Good Morning Revival

Good Morning Revival is the fourth studio album by American pop punk band, Good Charlotte. "Good Morning Revival" was released on March 27, 2007. It was the first Good Charlotte album to feature Dean Butterworth on the drums after Chris Wilson left the band in 2005. Benji Madden came up with the name of the album. It was the last album to be released on the Daylight Records due to Good Charlotte signing with Capitol Records. The Japanese edition featured two bonus tracks; "Keep Your Hands Off My Girl (Broken Spindles Remix)" and "Face the Strange".

Cardiology (album)

Cardiology is the fifth studio album by American pop punk band, Good Charlotte. "Cardiology" was released on October 27, 2010. Benji Madden came up with the name of the album saying that the lyrical content of the album is "all is connected to the heart". The album has sold over 52,000 copies as of September 2011.

Yulara, Northern Territory

Yulara is a town in the southern region of the Northern Territory, Australia. It is very isolated, being just outside the border of Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. In the 2006 census, Yulara had a population of 1,606. Most of the people who live at Yulara work in the tourist industry, emergency services or the national park. The name comes from local Aboriginal words for "howling dingos". Yulara is by road from Uluru (Ayers Rock) and 55 km from Kata Tjuta (the Olgas).

Facilities in Yulara include a supermarket, post office, library, post office, bank, child care centre, health clinic and a hairdresser.

Kata Tjuta

Kata Tjuta, sometimes written Tjuṯa (Kata Joota), and also known as Mount Olga or The Olgas), is a group of large rock formations in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is located about southwest of Alice Springs. Kata Tjuta and Uluru, to the east, make up the two focus points of the Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park. The rock is conglomerate, a sedimentary rock made up of clusters of different types of rock (including granite and basalt), covered in sandstone. There are 36 domes covering an area of . The highest point, Mount Olga, is above sea level. It is about above the ground around it. It is about higher than Uluru.

Lymphogranuloma venereum

Lymphogranuloma venereum (LGV) is a chronic (long-term) infection of the lymphatic system caused by three different types of the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis. The bacteria spread through sexual contact. The infection is not caused by the same bacteria that cause genital chlamydia.

LGV is more common in Central and South America than in North America. Every year, a few hundred cases of LGV are diagnosed in the United States. However, the actual number of infections is unknown.

LGV is more common in men than women. The main risk factor is being HIV-positive.

Symptoms of LGV can begin a few days to a month after coming in contact with the bacteria. Symptoms include:









Geoffrey Howe

Richard Edward Geoffrey Howe, Baron Howe of Aberavon, CH, QC, PC (20 December 1926 – 9 October 2015) was a British Conservative politician. 

Howe was born in Port Talbot, Wales. He read Law at Trinity Hall, Cambridge and had a career as a lawyer before becoming a Member of Parliament. In 1953, he married Elspeth Howe.

He was MP for Bebington from 1964-1966, for Reigate from 1970-1974 and for East Surrey from 1974-1992. He was Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1979-1983 and was Foreign Secretary from 1983-1989. He was made a life peer in 1992. He was close friends with Denis Healey. Healey died a few days before Howe.

Howe died of a heart attack in Warwickshire, England at the age of 88.


Common pipistrelle

The common pipistrelle ("Pipistrellus pipistrellus") is a small bat with a very large range across most of Europe, North Africa, southwestern Asia, and possibly into Korea. It is one of the most common bat species in the British Isles.

It is 3.5–4.5 cm long with a wingspan of 19–25 cm, with brown fur. It is common in woodland and farmland but is also found in towns, where it roosts in lofts and buildings.

In 1999 the common pipistrelle was split into two species on the basis of different-frequency echolocation calls. The common pipistrelle uses a call of 45 kHz, while the soprano pipistrelle echo-locates at 55 kHz. Since then other differences, in appearance, habitat and food, have also been found.

The frequencies used by this bat species for echolocation lie between 45–76 kHz, have most energy at 47 kHz and have an average duration of 5.6 ms.



Dragonfruit

Pitaya fruit, pitahaya fruit, commonly known as the dragon fruit, is a fruit from Central America, South America, and Asia. It has a light sweet taste, an intense shape and colour, and has a texture of between that of a kiwi and an apple. In addition to being tasty and refreshing, it contains a lot of water and other important minerals with varied nutritional ingredients.

It is also known as “pitaya” if it comes from the very closely related Stenographers genus. The actual dragon fruit is the fruit of the cactus genus "Hylocereus". Occuring in Mexico, South America, as well as Central America. It is possible it was introduced to Southeast Asian nations through Vietnam, alongside trade with the French during the 1800s. Cambodia, Thailand, Taiwan, Vietnam, and the Philippines, where it still holds as an important part of their diet.

The dragon fruit in the photo above. The yellow skin has white flesh. It has the highest sugar content among dragon fruits. In Chinese, it is called giraffe family and is commonly found in Hong Kong. The ripe ones are really sweet like sugar. 

https://www.producebluebook.com/know-your-commodity/dragon-fruit/
Greatest Hits: My Prerogative

Greatest Hits: My Prerogative is the first greatest hits album by Britney Spears. 
It was released on November 1, 2004. The album has all of her hit songs to that point. It also includes a cover of Bobby Brown's "My Prerogative" and two songs from the "In The Zone" recording sessions which did not make it on to that album. Singles released in this album include "My Prerogative" and, outside of the United States, "Do Somethin'".

Britney (album)

Britney is the third studio album released by Britney Spears. It was released in 2001. It has the singles "I'm A Slave 4 U" (the highest charting single off the album), "Overprotected", "I Love Rock 'n' Roll", "I'm Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman", and "Boys".

The Singles Collection

The Singles Collection is the second compilation album by Britney Spears. 
It was released in late 2009. It features the biggest hits of her career to that point plus one new song, "3", which was her first to debut at #1 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Toxic (song)

"Toxic" is a song by American singer Britney Spears, taken as the second single from her fourth studio album "In the Zone". The song was written with Janet Jackson in mind before being offered to Australian singer Kylie Minogue, who turned down recording it. It reached number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and went to #1 in the UK, Canada, Australia, Norway, and on "Billboard"’s Hot Dance/Club Play and Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs airplay charts.

In 2006, the song was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.

From the Bottom of My Broken Heart

"From the Bottom of My Broken Heart" is a song released off of Britney Spears' first studio album "...Baby One More Time". It was released as a single in December 1999 in the United States, Latin America, and Oceania. It reached the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 in the year 2000.

A Few Good Men

A Few Good Men is a 1992 American military drama movie about the corruption of the US Navy in the American Naval Base of Guantanamo in Cuba and Washington, D.C.. It starred Jack Nicholson, Tom Cruise and Demi Moore. It was directed by Rob Reiner.

Angry Kid

Angry Kid is a British adult live-action/stop-motion animated comedy web series about a redheaded teenager named Angry Kid, created by Darren Walsh.

The show centers around teenage schoolboy Angry Kid (voiced by Darren Walsh) and his crazy adventures of being chased by dogs, making prank phone calls, and annoying his friends and family.


Tales of a Wayside Inn

Tales of a Wayside Inn is a book of poems by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. It was published in 1863. The book is set in a real place. That place was a tavern in Sudbury, Massachusetts. Longfellow lived 20 miles away in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The inn was a favorite place for the people of Cambridge to go. The people in the book were real people, too. They were friends of Longfellow. In the book, they tell stories to each other while visitng the Wayside Inn. The best known poem is "Paul Revere's Ride". It begins: "Listen my children and you shall hear / Of the midnight ride of Paul Revere."

Longfellow wrote the book to help him cope with his wife's death. She died at home. She was standing in front of a fireplace. Her skirt caught fire. Longfellow visited the real tavern in 1862. It was called the Red Horse Tavern at that time. It was closed because the owner had died the year before. Longfellow said it was "a rambling, tumble-down building". Two more books about the Wayside Inn were published. One book was published in 1870, and other in 1872.


Wayside Inn

The Wayside Inn is an inn in Sudbury, Massachusetts, United States. It is the setting for Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's "Tales of a Wayside Inn". The inn was founded in 1716 by David Howe. It was called Howe's Tavern. It is thought to be the oldest inn in the United States. Howe's granddaughter, Lydia Howe, was born in the inn. The inn is still open. It has a restaurant and guest rooms.


Paul Revere's Ride (poem)

"Paul Revere's Ride" is a poem written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. It was published in 1860 in the magazine "The Atlantic Monthly". It was published again in Longfellow's book "Tales of a Wayside Inn". The poem is about Paul Revere's midnight ride through the Massachusetts countryside. He wanted to warn the patriots that the British were on their way to fight them. Longfellow was inspired to write the poem after visiting the Old North Church in Boston. 


Bundaberg

Bundaberg is a city in Queensland, Australia. It is famous for Bundaberg Rum, which is made there. Bundaberg was affected by the 2010–2011 Queensland floods.

Old North Church

Old North Church (officially, Christ Church in the City of Boston) is a church in Boston, Massachusetts at 193 Salem Street. It was built in 1723. Its design was inspired by the works of Christopher Wren. The church is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts. It is the oldest standing church building in Boston. Inside the church is a bust of George Washington that the Marquis de Lafayette thought the best likeness of Washington he had ever seen.

The church is known to most Americans because it was here that a lantern signal was sent by sexton Robert Newman from the church steeple on the evening of April 18, 1775 to warn American patriots that British soldiers were approaching Lexington and Concord by sea and not by land. "Paul Revere's Ride", a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, remembers this event. 

The church steeple was damaged by storms in 1804 and 1954. It was rebuilt. It is now 175 feet (53 m) tall. The original weathervane is on top. There are 1100 bodies buried in the basement. Many of these are patriots who were killed at the Battle of Bunker Hill. Old North Church is a National Historic Landmark. Queen Elizabeth II visited the church in 1976 and was given a silver chalice (a cup) modelled on one made by Paul Revere.


Pitjantjatjara language

Pitjantjatjara ( or ) is one of the Western Desert languages of Australia. It is often considered a dialect. It is spoken by the Pitjantjatjara people of central Australia. It is mutually intelligible with other languages of the Western Desert and is very closely related to the Yankunytjatjara language.

The name of the people comes from their word for coming/going: "".


Aṉangu

Anangu, Aṉaŋu or Arnangu (), is a word used to refer to Aboriginal people in Australia. It is found in some dialects of the Western Desert Language (WDL) of western and central Australia.

Before European people arrived in central Australia, the word probably meant 'human being', or 'person'. But now it is used to mean 'Aboriginal person' only. Because other Aboriginal languages have their own words for '(Aboriginal) person' the word "anangu" is mostly used in English to refer to the WDL-speaking people. Used in this way, it is not used to refer to any traditional grouping (or tribe), but to the WDL people as a whole. The correct term for "black person" in Pitjantjatjara is "", literally "dark/black person".

Other Western Desert Language dialects have different words with a similar meaning and many uses. In the far west of the WDL (i.e. amongst Manyjilyjarra, Kartujarra, Putijarra and Warnman) the word "martu" is used, and in the central Western Desert (i.e. amongst the western Pintupi) the word "purntu", although this seems to be rarely used now.

There are a number of other names from Australian Aboriginal languages commonly used to identify groups based on geography:



House of the Seven Gables

The House of the Seven Gables (also known as the Turner House or Turner-Ingersoll Mansion) is a historic house in Salem, Massachusetts. It was built for Captain John Turner. It remained in the Turner family for three generations. The earliest section of the house was built in 1668. It faced south towards Salem Harbor. It was a two-room, 2 1⁄2-story house. It had cross-gables and a huge central chimney. This portion now forms the middle of the house. The house was remodelled over the years. It was eventually acquired by the Ingersoll family. Nathaniel Hawthorne often visited his cousin Susannah at the house. He wrote a novel called "The House of the Seven Gables". The book uses the house as background. The house was restored between 1908 and 1910. A "cent-shop" and a secret staircase were added. This was done to please visitors who expected the house to resemble the one in Hawthorne's book. The House of the Seven Gables is the oldest "surviving" mansion house in continental North America. It has 17 rooms and over 8,000 square feet. The house is now a non-profit museum.


Colossus computer

Colossus was the world's first programmable electronic digital computer. British code breakers used Colossus for cryptanalysis during World War II.

These messages were sent between the German High Command, and army field commanders. Reading these messages helped the Allies to win the war.

Codebreaker Max Newman worked at the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) at Bletchley Park. His problem was how to get a machine that would help turn German coded radio teleprinter messages into ordinary language. A group of Post Office telephone engineers led by Tommy Flowers worked out how to do this. Their design, which was called "Colossus" used many vacuum tubes (valves). The first machine, Mark 1, worked in December 1943 and solved its first problem in February 1944. Colossus Mark 2 was even better. It first worked on 1 June 1944, just before the Normandy Landings on D-Day. Ten Colossus computers were in use at the end of the war.

British codebreakers called the teleprinter messages "Fish". The messages had been coded by an unknown German machine. They called the machine and its coded messages "Tunny". Colossus imitated the machine and read the coded message from a punched tape. It tried various possibilities of how two of the wheels had been set up. When Colossus found likely settings for two wheels, the codebreaker designed further programs for Colossus until likely settings of other wheels were found. Colossus did not perform all of the decoding process. It just found likely settings of the machine. The output from Colossus was then worked on by people who had a very good knowledge of the German language.
After the war the British codebreakers found out that the code machine was the Lorenz SZ42. All the secret Colossus computers were taken to pieces, so that no one would find out about them. The designs were destroyed. For thirty years no one knew who made them. Between the early 1990s and 2007, a working copy of a Colossus computer was built. This can be seen at The National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park in England.

Regular radio transmissions of "Tunny" messages started in June 1941. The British codebreakers saw that it used a five-unit code like a teleprinter system. Their research also showed that the coding was being done by a rotor cipher machine with 12 wheels (rotors). For each new message sent, the wheels had first to be turned to new positions. The start position for the message was chosen by the operator who was sending the message. He told the operator who was receiving the message what the start positions were with 12 letters that were not coded. The total number of possible start positions of the 12 wheels was very large indeed.

The coding machine added together the "plaintext" (the un-coded version of the message) and a stream of characters (letters, numbers, punctuation) called the "keystream" (a stream of seemingly random characters) that it generated to make the "ciphertext" (the coded version of the message). The ciphertext, which made no sense, was transmitted by radio. At the receiving end an identical machine removed the keystream to produce the plaintext of the message.

If the German operators always worked correctly, no two messages would have the same start position of the wheels. However, mistakes were made. They helped the British codebreakers. On 30 August 1941 two versions of the same message, which was nearly 4,000 characters long, were sent with the same wheel start positions. This mistake was very useful to the research codebreakers. A codebreaker called John Tiltman was able to get the keystream from these messages.
The codebreakers tried to work out the details of the machine from this information, but at first they failed. They were then joined by a young codebreaker called Bill Tutte who was given the job. After a lot of work he succeeded, and produced a logical description of the unseen machine. This work has been described as "the greatest intellectual achievement of world war II". Tutte worked out that the machine made each keystream character by combining the effects of two sets of five wheels. He used Greek letters to name the wheels. He called one set of five the χ ("chi") wheels, and the other set of five the ψ ("psi") wheels. He worked out that the χ wheels moved on one position for each new character coded. The ψ wheels, however, did not move regularly. They only moved on some of the time. Whether or not the ψ wheels moved on was controlled by two wheels that he called two the μ ("mu") or "motor wheels".

Max Newman was a mathematician and codebreaker at Bletchley Park. He was given the job of working out how a machine could break "Tunny" messages. The machine would do a calculation for many possible start positions of the χ wheels. The start position that gave the largest count from this calculation was likely to be the right one. The first machine was called "Heath Robinson". This did not work very well. It had two punched paper tapes that had to work exactly together. One tape contained the ciphertext in a continuous loop. The second looped tape contained patterns made by the wheels of the coding machine. The tapes would often stretch or break when going at 2000 characters each second. Sometimes the tapes would not line up; then the counts were wrong.

Tommy Flowers worked at the Post Office Research Station at Dollis Hill in north-west London. He was asked to look at the Heath Robinson machine. He thought it was a weak machine. He designed an electronic machine to do the same job. It would make the patterns of the coding machine by electronics so that only one paper tape was needed. In February 1943 he showed Max Newman this design. The design needed 1,500 thermionic valves (vacuum tubes). Few people thought that so many valves could work without a lot failing. More Heath Robinson machines were ordered. Flowers, however, kept with the idea of an electronic machine. He got support from Gordon Radley, his boss at the Post Office Research Station. Tommy Flowers and his team started work on Colossus in February 1943.

The tape with the message on it had to be read rapidly. Tommy Flowers tested the tape reader up to 9,700 letters/second () before the tape broke. He selected 5,000 characters per second as a good speed for regular work. This meant that the paper tape moved at or . The electronic circuits were driven by a signal made from reading the sprocket holes of the punched tape.

The first Colossus worked at Dollis Hill in December 1943. Then they took Colossus apart and moved it to Bletchley Park. It got there on 18 January 1944. Harry Fensom and Don Horwood put it back together. Colossus read its first message on the 5th of February. After the first Colossus (Mark 1) there were nine Mark 2 machines. These each had 2,400 valves. They were easier to use. They could be programmed to work at five times the speed of the Mark 1. A Mark 2 Colossus first worked on 1 June 1944.

At first Colossus was only used to find the starting wheel places used for a message (called "wheel setting"). Codebreakers worked out how to use the Mark 2 to help find the patterns of the cams on the wheels ("wheel breaking"). At the end of the war there were ten Colossus computers working at Bletchley Park. This meant that very many messages were decoded.

Colossus used parts that were new back then. It used vacuum tubes, thyratrons and photomultipliers. It read from paper with light. It then did a special thing for every letter; the special thing could be changed. It counted how often this special thing was "true". Machines with many vacuum tubes were known to break a lot. They break most when turning on, so the Colossus machines were only turned off when a part broke.

Colossus was the first of the electronic digital machines that could have a program. It could not change as much as later machines: 

It was not a Turing-complete computer, even though Alan Turing was at Bletchley Park. This idea had not yet been thought of, and most of the other early modern computing machines were not Turing-complete (like: the Atanasoff–Berry Computer, the Harvard Mark I electro-mechanical relay machine, the Bell Labs relay machines by George Stibitz and others, or the first plans of Konrad Zuse). It took a long time for computers be used for many uses, instead of just a calculator only for working out one hard problem.

What the Colossus computers were used for was very secret. The Colossus itself was highly secret even for many years after the War. This is why Colossus could not be included in the history of computing hardware for a long time. Nobody knew how important that Flowers and the other people who helped make it were.

Not many people knew about this secret computer, so it had little direct effect on the new design of later computers; EDVAC was the early design which had the most effect on later computer design.

Once Colossus was made, some people now knew that high-speed electronic (no moving parts like electrical relays) digital computing devices could be made and they did not break too much. Just this knowledge was enough to have a big effect on the designs of early computers in Britain and probably in the US. People that knew about Colossus were important in the early computer field in Britain. In 1972, Herman Goldstine wrote that:
In writing that, Goldstine did not know of Colossus. He did not know what it left to projects of people who knew about it. People such as Alan Turing (with the Pilot ACE and ACE), and Max Newman and I. J. Good (with the Manchester Mark 1 and other early Manchester computers). Brian Randell later wrote that:

Colossus plans and machinery were secret from the when they were made. They stayed so after the War, when Winston Churchill ordered the destruction of most of the Colossus machines into "parts no bigger than a man's hand"; Tommy Flowers himself burned the designs in a fireplace at Dollis Hill. Some parts, changed to look innocent, were taken to Newman's Royal Society Computing Machine Laboratory at Manchester University. The Colossus Mark 1 was taken apart and the parts were sent back to the Post Office. Two Colossus computers, along with two copied Tunny machines, were kept. They were moved to GCHQ's new head office at Eastcote in April 1946. They moved again with GCHQ to Cheltenham between 1952 and 1954. One of the computers, known as "Colossus Blue", was taken apart in 1959; the other in 1960. In their later years, the computers were used for training. Before that, there had been attempts to change them (sometimes well) for other purposes. Jack Good was the first to use it after the war, getting NSA to use Colossus to do something for which they were planning to build a special purpose machine. Colossus was also used to perform letter counts on one-time pad tape to test for non-randomness.

At this time the Colossus was still secret, long after any of its technical details were of any importance. This was due to the UK's intelligence agencies use of Enigma-like machines which they got other governments to buy. The agencies then broke the codes using different ways. Had the knowledge of the codebreaking machines been widely known, no one would have accepted these machines; rather, they would have developed their own methods for encryption, methods that the UK services might not have been able to break. The need for such secrets slowly went away as communications moved to digital transmission and all-digital encryption systems became common in the 1960s.

Colonel Winterbotham's book "The Ultra Secret" came out in 1975. This broke the secrecy around the Colossus. After that, details about the computer began to become public in the late 1970s.

A 500-page technical report on the Tunny cipher and its code breaking – entitled "General Report on Tunny" – was given by GCHQ to the national Public Record Office in October 2000; the complete technical report is online.

A team led by Tony Sale built a working copy of a Colossus Mark 2. The plans and machines had been destroyed, but a surprising amount of other material was not destroyed. It was mostly in engineers' notebooks, much of it in the U.S. The optical tape reader might have been the biggest problem, but Dr. Arnold Lynch, its designer, was able to redesign it from his own first writings. The rebuilt Colossus is on show at The National Museum of Computing, in H Block Bletchley Park in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. This is where the Colossus No. 9 was used in the war.

In November 2007, to mark both the end of the work and the start of fundraising (asking for money) they ran a competition. The money would help The National Museum of Computing with a Cipher Competition where the rebuilt Colossus competed with radio amateurs all around the world. The first to hear and decode three messages enciphered would win. They would be enciphered using the Lorenz SZ42 and transmitted from the radio station in the "Heinz Nixdorf MuseumsForum" computer museum in Germany. The competition was easily won by radio amateur Joachim Schüth. Schüth had gotten ready for the event. He made his own signal processing and code-breaking program using Ada. The Colossus team lost because they wanted to use World War II radios. They were a day late because of bad radio conditions. The winner's 1.4 GHz laptop, running his own program, took less than a minute to find the settings for all 12 wheels. The German codebreaker said: "My laptop worked on ciphertext at a speed of 1.2 million letters per second—240x faster than Colossus. If you compare the two computers, you could say Colossus had a speed of 5.8 MHz. That is very fast for a computer built in 1944."





Communic

Communic is a Norwegian progressive metal band from Kristiansand, Norway. Communic has three members in the band; the current band members are Oddleif Stensland, Erik Mortensen and Tor Atle Andersen. The band formed in March 2003 as a side project for the band, Scariot. They are currently signed to Nuclear Blast Records and have released 4 albums and a demo.


Communic has released 5 albums:


Sublime (philosophy)

In philosophy, the term sublime refers to something that is "great". This greatness can be physical, moral, intellectual, metaphysical, aesthetic, spiritual or artistic. Very often, the term refers to something that is so great that it cannot be calculated, measured or imitated. Special skills are often needed to fully perceive or understand the sublime. 

As a category in aesthetics, the main property is that its beauty is bigger than something that is merely beautiful. Sometimes, the sublime may be sacred and causes awe.

It is only western philosophy that makes a distinction between the beautiful and the sublime; there is no such distinction in eastern philosophy.The first known work in philosophy treating the sublime is called "On the Sublime", and was written by an otherwise unknown writer who lived in the first or third century. This writer is often called Longinus. Longinus was a teacher of rhetoric, and used the sublime to describe great language in this context. According to Longinus, the sublime inspires awe and veneration, with greater persuasive powers. Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux translated this work into French, in the 16th century; in the 18th century the text was translated into English as well.

Philosophers who wrote about the sublime include Edmund Burke, Immanuel Kant, Arthur Schopenhauer, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Theodor W. Adorno, and Jean-François Lyotard. Writers include Friedrich Schiller and Victor Hugo.

Shōnan

Shōnan is centered on Enoshima, which is a small island near the coast.



Renata Scotto

Renata Scotto (February 24, 1934 – August 16, 2023) was an Italian operatic soprano who enjoyed a long and distinguished international career.

Born in Savona, Italy, she studied at the Milan Conservatory of Music, under Ghirardini and Merlini, and later in Rome with Mercedes Llopart. She made her stage debut in her hometown on Christmas Eve 1952, as Violetta in "La traviata". After winning first place in a singing competition, she was invited to sing Violetta at the Teatro Nuovo in Milan on July 2, 1953, which led to her debut at La Scala, the following December, as Walter in Catalani's "La Wally", opposite Renata Tebaldi and Mario Del Monaco. She quickly appeared in several other cities throughout Italy.

She sang in Cairo in 1956 and at The Stoll Theatre in London in 1957. That same year, she replaced Maria Callas in "La sonnambula" at the Edimburg Festival to considerable acclaim. This was the start of long and distinguished international career, with appearances in Chicago, San Francisco, Buenos Aires, Barcelona, Moscow, Tokyo, etc. She made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in New York, on October 13, 1965, as Cio-Cio-San in "Madama Butterfly" and sang there regularly until 1987.

Scotto was mostly known for the Italian repertoire of which she sang a wide range of roles from bel canto to verismo. Although essentially a lyric soprano, as the years went on she tackled more dramatic roles in operas such as "Norma", "Macbeth", "La Gioconda", "Tosca", etc. 

After retiring from the stage, she turned to teaching, coaching and stage directing. She married violinist Lorenzo Anselmi in 1960 and had two children.

Scotto died in her home town of Savona, Italy on August 16, 2023, at the age of 89.



Madama Butterfly

Madama Butterfly is an Italian opera in three acts with music by Giacomo Puccini. The libretto was written by Giuseppe Giacosa and Luigi Illica. It was based on a play by David Belasco. The opera was first performed in Milan, Italy, on February 17, 1904. Its revised version was performed in Brescia, on May 28, 1904. Although a fiasco at its premiere, it soon established itself in its revised version as one of the most beloved of operas. 



La Gioconda

La Gioconda is an Italian opera in four acts, music by Amilcare Ponchielli and libretto by Arrigo Boito, after Victor Hugo's play "Angelo, Tyran de Padoue". It was first performed in Milan, on April 8, 1876. By far Ponchielli's most successful work and his only opera still regularly performed. 




Europa (mythology)

Europa is a figure from Greek mythology. She is the daughter of Phoenician king Agenor and of Telephassa. Zeus falls in love with her. Because of his wife Hera, he has to take the shape of a bull. Hermes makes the herd of cattle with the bull Zeus graze near the beach near Sidon, where Europa is playing. That way, Zeus is able to abduct Europa on his back. He swims to Matala on Crete where he shows himself. The children of Europa and Zeus are Minos, Rhadamanthys and Sarpedon. Because of a prophecy of Aphrodite, the new continent Europe is named after Europa.

The oldest telling of the story can be found in the Illiad by Homer. There, she is the daughter of Phoinix. Other ancient tellings include "Europa" by Moschos, and the Metamorphoses by Ovid.

Agenor sent his sons to search for Europa, but they could not find her. Cadmus asks the Oracle at Delphi and is told to give up the search, and found Thebes in Boetia instead.

According to other sources, Europa remained on Crete, were she married Asterion, and became queen. Asterion did not have any children, so he adopted her sons.

The oldest known paintings which clearly show Europa date from the 7th century BC. 

Marot jar

A marot jar is a special kind of syphon or siphon device invented some time during the 1700s. The device is filled up water and lets it out in a special way so that the speed and amount of water that comes out is always the same, even if the jar is completely full or almost empty.

In the diagram (see right), an air-tight jar contains some water (blue) and some air (yellow). The green pipe is started as a siphon so that water starts flowing out of the pipe. Because the pipe lets out water, the pressure on the inside of the jar is less than the pressure outside, so it causes air to be sucked in through the orange pipe. Because the pressure is going to tend to being the same inside and outside of the jar, the water is going to flow out of the pipe at the same speed and amount.

The Lorax

The Lorax is a children's book. It was written by Dr. Seuss. It was first published in 1971. The Lorax is a small orange creature. He speaks for the trees against the greedy Once-ler. The book is a fable about industrialized society and the danger it poses to nature. It has been made into a 1972 television show and a 2012 movie. Some people criticized the book. They thought it was gloomy. They thought it was not a good book for children. Some people thought it was unfair to the logging industry.

A young boy living in a polluted world visits a strange creature called the "Once-Ler". The boy asks about the poor state of the world. The Once-ler explains that the world was once beautiful. He made an invention that required him to chop down Trufulla trees. He says that everyone needed his invention. He made a profit from cutting down Trufulla trees. A small orange creature called the Lorax urged him to stop cutting down so many trees. He said that this was harming the environment. The Once-Ler ignored him. Eventually the supply of trees ran out. The land was left polluted. The animals left the forest. The Once-Ler finishes his story. He gives the boy "the last [Truffula seed] of all." He tells him to plant the seed and it will grow into a forest. 

Andrew Castle

Andrew Nicholas Castle (born 15 November 1963) is a retired British tennis player. He became a television presenter. He was born in Epsom, Surrey. He retired from tennis in 1992.

He was a contestant on the 2008 series of "Strictly Come Dancing" and on the 2010 series of "71 Degrees North".


The Cat in the Hat

The Cat in the Hat is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss and was first published in 1957. Seuss wrote the book after being challenged to write a story beginning readers would love. He was given a list of 438 words beginning readers were expected to know. He was told these were the only words he could use. He used 223 words on the list. The Cat would appear in other Dr. Seuss books. More than 11 million copies of the book have been printed. It has been translated into more than 12 different languages including Latin and Yiddish. The story has been made into a television special and a 2003 movie. The Cat appears in a Broadway musical called "Seussical". He also is the host of the educational children's shows The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss and The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That. In 1958, a sequel to the book was released, which was called "The Cat in the Hat Comes Back!". In 1998, a spin-off book series of both of the books was made, which was called "The Cat in the Hat's Learning Library". The series has a total of 54 books. In 2003, a film based on The Cat in the Hat book was made.

Two children, Sally and Conrad, are left at home alone on a rainy day. They are visited by a cat wearing a red and white striped hat and a red bowtie. He performs all sorts of tricks. He balances a cup, a cake, an umbrella, and other things while standing on a ball. The Cat gets a box from outside. Inside are two creatures named Thing One and Thing Two. The Things begin to fly kites in the house. The children catch the Things with a net. The house is a mess. The Cat cleans it up. He leaves just before the mother comes home.

Les contes d'Hoffmann

Les contes d'Hoffmann ("The Tales of Hoffmann") is a French opera. It has a prologue, three acts and an epilogue. The music was written by Jacques Offenbach. The libretto was written by Jules Berbier and Michel Carré. It is based on E.T.A Hoffmann's "Dr Sandmann, Geschichte von Verloreren Spiegelbilde". The opera was first performed in Paris, on 10 February 1881. 

The opera was the last and perhaps greatest work of Offenbach. It was not quite finished when he died. The final score was completed by Ernest Guiraud. Guiraud also wrote the recitatives, though at first it was meant to have spoken-dialogue. The work was an immediate success and has remained so since its creation. 




The Song of Hiawatha

The Song of Hiawatha is an epic poem written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. It was first published in 1855. The poem was loosely based on the legends of Native American peoples. In 1857, Longfellow estimated that the work had sold 50,000 copies. 

"The Song" is about Hiawatha and his beloved Minnehaha. It is set along the south shore of Lake Superior. The poem was very popular, but critics did not like it. 

Composers and painters were inspired to create works based on the poem. A 2005 television movie was based on the poem.

Hiawatha's birth is foretold by a "mighty" peace-bringing leader named Gitche Manito. A woman named Nokomis falls from the moon. Nokomis gives birth to Wenonah. She grows to be a beautiful young woman. Nokomis warns her not to be seduced by the West Wind. She does not listen to her mother, and Hiawatha is born. 

Hiawatha has childhood adventures, falls in love with Minnehaha, slays the evil magician Pearl-Feather, invents written language, discovers corn, and other episodes. The poem closes with the approach of a canoe to Hiawatha's village. It contains "the Priest of Prayer, the Pale-face." Hiawatha welcomes him with joy. 

The "Black-Robe chief" brings word of Jesus Christ. Hiawatha and the chiefs accept the Christian message. Hiawatha says good-bye to Nokomis, the warriors, and the young men. He says, "But my guests I leave behind me / Listen to their words of wisdom, / Listen to the truth they tell you." He endorses the Christian missionaries. He launches his canoe for the last time westward toward the sunset. Then he departs forever.


Ed Sullivan

Edward Vincent "Ed" Sullivan (September 28, 1901 – October 13, 1974) was an American entertainment writer and television host. He was best known as the presenter of the television variety show "The Ed Sullivan Show". The program was shown on television from 1948 to 1971 (twenty-three years). It was one of the longest-running variety shows in United States history.

In 1996, Ed Sullivan was #50 on "TV Guide"'s "50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time".

Sullivan was born in New York City, New York. His mother was Elizabeth F. Sullivan (née Smith) and his father was Peter Arthur Sullivan. He was of Irish descent. Sullivan used to be a boxer. He began his media work as a sportswriter for "The New York Evening Graphic".

Sullivan was engaged to swimmer Sybil Bauer, but she died of cancer in 1927 at the age of 23. He married Sylvia Weinstein on April 28, 1930. She died on March 16, 1973. They had a daughter, Betty Sullivan. Betty married the "Ed Sullivan Show"'s producer, Bob Precht.

Sullivan reportedly called Sylvia after every program to hear what she thought about it.

Sullivan has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6101 Hollywood Boulevard.

In September 1974, Sullivan had x-rays done. They showed that Sullivan had esophageal cancer. Only his family was told about it. Because the doctors did not give Sullivan a lot of time, the family chose not to tell him about it. Sullivan thought that his illness was because of ulcers. He died five weeks later, on October 13, 1974, at New York's Lenox Hill Hospital. 3,000 people went to his funeral. It was held at St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York.



Psychological nativism

In psychology, nativism is a theory that says that most basic skills are hard-wired in the brain at birth. This theory is the opposite of the theory called the blank slate, or "tabula rasa". Blank slate theories said that humans have almost no skills or abilities at birth: they learn these skills over the course of their life. People who believe in nativism (within certain limits) include Jerry Fodor, Noam Chomsky and Steven Pinker. These psychologists believe that humans are born with a set of abilities that help them learn other skills, such as speech.

Some mammals do seem to inherit emotional reactions. Monkeys fearing snakes is an example. Most of the behaviour of insects, reptiles and birds is inherited in some detail. Mammals, however, show a greater ability for learning than other kinds of animals.
Charles Darwin, in "The expression of emotions in man and animals" (1872), showed that the way most emotions were shown was common between human cultures. He said this was inherited and had been the result of evolution. Behaviorism says that man's behaviour is affected by its results (operant conditioning). Behaviourists denied the importance of inherited behaviours, instincts, or an inherited tendency to behave. People who believe in evolutionary psychology think this is wrong. They think human behaviour has deep roots in our evolutionary past.


Syphon

The word syphon (, also spelled siphon) can refer to any device that conducts the flow of liquids through tubes. Used in the right way, the word refers to a tube in an upside-down U shape. The tube makes liquid flow up hill. It flows higher than the source of the liquid, to come out at a level lower than the surface of the source. The movement is done without pumps. It is powered by the fall of the liquid as it flows down the tube under the pull of gravity.

The syphon must touch the liquid in the (upper) reservoir (the source, where the liquid comes from) in order for it to work. This allows atmospheric pressure to push the liquid up the tube. The top of the tube is where the lowest pressure is, so the liquid will move towards that area in the same way as a barometer. The top of a syphon is the same as the height of a barometer, because they work in the same way. The lower pressure is caused by the liquid falling on the downhill side. A syphon can raise water to a height of 25 feet above the source elevation. New discoveries in Syphon Pump Metering allows for dispensing liquid above the source. United States Patent #5,358,000 was the first to teach this method.
A siphon can be used for irrigation purposes. 
When both ends of a syphon are at atmospheric pressure (equal pressure), liquid flows from high to low. However, if the lower end is pressurised, liquid can flow from low to high. Most syphons have water as a fluid. Other fluids, such as mercury, or organic liquids or even gasses like carbon dioxide can also be syphoned.

DSM IV

The DSM-IV is the fourth version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). It is a manual written by the American Psychiatric Association (APA). They are numbered using Roman numerals: DSM-I, DSM-II, DSM-III, DSM-IV, but the latest edition adopted Arabic numerals allowing the later ones to be numbered, 5.1, 5.2 and so on. After the DSM-IV was published, some changes (or revisions) were made to the descriptions in the manual. Because of this, the most recent version of the DSM-IV is officially called the DSM-IV-TR (the TR stands for "Text Revision").

The DSM lists every condition that is officially called a mental illness by the APA. The DSM organizes these conditions into different categories. Each condition is given a code, made up of numbers or a combination of numbers and letters. Along with the condition's name and code, the DSM also gives other information, like:

The conditions that are listed in the DSM change over time. In each new version of the DSM, the APA adds conditions that it has accepted as mental illnesses since the last version was published. It may also take out conditions that are no longer thought of as mental illnesses. (For example, homosexuality was listed as a mental illness in the earlier DSMs, but was then taken out.) The APA may also change the way it describes certain conditions.

When a person gets a DSM diagnosis, there are five different "axes", or categories of information that need to be included.

Axis I: This is where most mental health conditions are listed. Both the name of the condition and its assigned code need to be listed. For example, types of ADHD, depression, anxiety disorders would be listed here. A person can have just one Axis I diagnosis, or more than one.

Axis II: If the person has mental retardation (intellectual disability), autism or a personality disorder, it is listed here.

Axis III: If the person has medical conditions, they are listed here.

Axis IV: This axis records whether the person has certain kinds of "psychosocial stressors." There are few set categories of psychosocial stressors: Primary support problems (for example, family conflict); social environment problems (for example, the person has poor social skills and few friends); economic problems (like poverty or job loss); housing problems (like poor housing or homelessness); educational problems (like school failure); problems with access to healthcare services; and "other" stressors.

Axis V: For this axis, a mental health professional will pick a number that sums up how much the person is affected by mental health problems, and how well they are functioning in their life. The professional uses a scale called the Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF), which explains what different numbers mean. A person's score is called his "GAF score."

There are a few benefits to the DSM's multi-axial system. The five axes sum up all of the information that is most important to mental health professionals when they are treating a person. They give a snapshot of the most important things that affect a person's mental health. A full DSM diagnosis is also like a common language to mental health professionals. Even if there are different professionals, who come from different specialties or even speak different languages, they will all understand the DSM diagnosis.

The conditions in the DSM are organized into categories. These categories are:

(1) "Disorders Usually Diagnosed in Infancy, Childhood, and Adolescence". For example: types of ADHD; mental retardation; autism spectrum disorders; and Oppositional Defiant Disorder .

(2) "Delirium, Dementia, Amnestic, and Other Cognitive Disorders." These disorders cause problems with thinking and memory.

(3) "Mental Disorders Due to a General Medical Condition Not Otherwise Classified." These are disorders which are caused by a medical problem.

(4) "Substance-Related Disorders." These are conditions which have to do with use, abuse, or addiction to illegal drugs, alcohol, or other substances (like caffeine and nicotine). This category also includes conditions caused by withdrawal from these substances.

(5) "Schizophrenia and Other Psychotic Disorders." These include all of the different types of schizophrenia, and other disorders that cause psychosis (being out of touch with reality).

(6) "Mood Disorders". These include the different kinds of bipolar disorder and depression.

(7) "Anxiety Disorders." For example: Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD); Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD); Generalized Anxiety Disorder.

(8) "Somatiform Disorders." People with these disorders have a lot of physical symptoms, like pain or stomach problems. However, these symptoms are not thought to be caused by an actual medical disorder. They are thought to be caused by mental health problems instead. One example is hypochondriasis, where a person is always worried that they have serious medical problems when they do not. Another condition in this category is Body Dysmorphic Disorder, where a person hates his body, or a part of his body.

(9) "Factitious Disorders." People with these disorders exaggerate or make up medical problems. They may do this because it gets them things they want (for example, attention and sympathy).

(10) "Dissociative Disorders." These disorders cause a person to have problems with memory, awareness, and perceiving (seeing and understanding) things correctly. The person may also feel disconnected from his identity (his view of himself and who he is). The best-known condition in this category is Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID) (which used to be called "Multiple Personality Disorder).

(11) "Sexual and Gender Identity Disorders." Sexual disorders include paraphilias, where a person is sexually attracted to objects or to kinds of sexual activity that are not normal. For example, pedophilia (being sexually attracted to children) is a type of paraphilia. Another type of sexual disorder is sexual dysfunction (problems with performing sexually). This category also includes Gender Identity Disorder, where a person feels like one gender, but has the body of another gender.

(12) "Eating Disorders." The two major types of eating disorders are anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa.

(13) "Sleep Disorders." For example: insomnia.

(14) "Impulse Control Disorders Not Otherwise Specified." These are disorders where people have trouble controlling their urges to do things. For example: trichotillomania (where a person pulls hair out of his body) and Intermittent Explosive Disorder (where a person has sudden explosions of anger).

(15) "Adjustment Disorders." With these disorders, a person is having trouble adjusting to, or getting used to, something stressful in his life.

(16) "Personality Disorders". These diagnoses can only be given to adults. For example: Antisocial Personality Disorder; Borderline Personality Disorder.

The House of the Seven Gables

The House of the Seven Gables is a novel written by Nathaniel Hawthorne. It was published in 1851. The book is about an old New England family. Themes include guilt, revenge, and atonement. The supernatural and witchcraft are a part of the story. An old house in Salem, Massachusetts was used as background for the story. The house belonged to Hawthorne's cousin Susanna Ingersoll. He visited the house often. He was also inspired by his ancestors. They played a part in the Salem Witch Trials of 1692. The book was well received. "The House of the Seven Gables" has been adapted to movies and television shows.


Online editions
Study Guides
Essays
Other

Mandy Capristo

Mandy Grace Capristo (born March 21, 1990 in Mannheim) is a German pop singer-songwriter, model, presenter, and dancer. She was known as a singer of the band Monrose.

Mandy Capristo grew up in Bürstadt, Hesse. Her father is of Italian origin. Her mother Carmen is German. She has an older brother. She got her love of dancing and singing from her mother. In her late childhood, her parents split up.

Capristo had 6 years of ballet, gymnastics, dance lessons and piano lessons. At school, she appeared for the first time on a bigger stage with the musical "Dracula". when she was 11, her teacher suggested that she apply for the Kiddy Contest in Austria. 2001 she won the contest with the song "Ich wünsche mir einen Bankomat". After that she appeared in TV shows like "Tabaluga" and "1, 2 or 3". The album got to number one in the Austrian charts.

Capristo applied for the show "Popstars" when she was sixteen. Finally, in 2006 she was elected in the final by a telephone vote in addition to Bahar Kizil and Senna Guemmour of the band Monrose. They had seven top ten hits in the charts. Their previous albums were also successful.

2007, readers of the German edition of "FHM" men's magazine chose Capristo as number 10 of the 100 Sexiest Women in the World. In August 2007 she was on the cover of the magazine. This success earned her the first jobs as a model. In 2009 she topped the 100 Sexiest Women in the World. In addition she posed again in the June 2010 issue of German men's magazine "FHM".

When the Band Monrose split up in 2011, Capristo continued her solo projects. She was the face of the cosmetics brand BeYu. She worked on her own album. Capristo presented at the BeYu fair two songs with titles "Overrated" and "Be You". She also worked with Peter Maffay. They recorded the song "Die Zeit hält nur in Träumen" and presented the new one at "Wetten, dass...?" (a German TV-show).

In March 2012 Mandy announced that her new single "The Way I Like it" would appear on 13 April. The album carries her second name, Grace. Other titles are "Overrated", "Hurricane" and "It do not matter" The songwriter of "The Way I Like it" is called David Jost, who also produced Tokio Hotel and Keri Hilson.

Baia de Criș

Baia de Criș () is a commune in Hunedoara County, Romania. It is a collection of nine villages: Baia de Criș, Baldovin ("Báldovin"), Căraci ("Karács"), Cărăstău ("Karasztó"), Lunca ("Lunka"), Rișca ("Riska"), Rișculița ("Riskulica"), Țebea ("Cebe") and Văleni.

The village of Țebea is where the Revolt of Horea, Cloșca and Crișan started in 1784, and marks the death place and burial site of Avram Iancu.

Constitution of India

The Constitution of India is the supreme law in India. A constitution is a set of rules and regulations guiding the administration of a country. The constitution of India is the framework for political principles, procedures and powers of the government. It is also the longest constitution in the world. Originally, it consisted of 395 Articles arranged under 22 Parts and 8 Schedules. As of 2023, after many amendments it has 470 Articles, 12 schedules, and 25 Parts with 5 appendices and 98 amendments. The original constitution was written on 26 November 1949, and was made the center of law on 26 January 1950. 

India had to face many problems after independence. Rehabilitating the refugees who migrated from Pakistan, merging the princely states, maintenance of law and order were the major challenges. Sardar Patel successfully achieved the merger of the princely states and provinces with the Union of India. Even the challenge of framing a constitution in order to enable govern the country was also fulfilled. 
The recommendations of the Motilal Nehru Committee and the decisions taken by the meeting of National Congress at Karachi prepared for the formation of a Constituent Assembly.

The first meeting of the new Constituent Assembly was conducted on 9th of December, 1946. The next meeting conducted in 11th of December, 1946 under the chairmanship of Dr. Rajendra Prasad. Participants included Jawaharlal Nehru, Sardar Vallabhai Patel, Dr. B. R. Ambedkar and Sarojini Naidu. Dr. Ambedkar, chairman of the Drafting Committee, is often called the father of the Indian Constitution.
The Constituent Assembly, which came into existence on 11th of December 1946, had 145 meetings and framed a draft constitution. During these discussions, the various laws proposed by the British Government in 1909, 1919 and 1935, the British Parliamentary system, the American Bill of Rights, the Social Directive Policies of Ireland were studied and some parts of those were written in the Constitution. Finally, the Indian Constitution was approved on 26th of November, 1949 and came into effect on 26th of January, 1950. This day (January 26) is celebrated as the 'Republic Day' in India.

Below is a list of all articles in chronological order of the constitution.





Preamble

A preamble is an introduction to a document that describes the documents purpose. The word comes from "pre" meaning "before" and "amble" meaning walk. A preamble can contain facts about the document. The preamble of a law is not part of the law but explains its purpose. The preamble of a book is called a "preface". The preamble of a musical composition is a prelude or overture. The preamble of a Wikipedia article walks before the sections, and is called the "lede" or "introduction". 

A data packet has a preamble which the system needs but which goes before the data that the user will use. 

One of the world's most famous preambles is the one in the United States Declaration of Independence in 1776:
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.

Gil Jae

Gil Jae or Kil Jae (1353 1419) was a Korean scholar, politician, educator, and poet.




Little Things (Good Charlotte song)

"Little Things" is the first single off the debut album by pop punk band Good Charlotte called "Good Charlotte". The song is also the first track off the album. The song was released on March 27, 2001 and was re-released in the United Kingdom on March 9, 2009. The song was featured in the movie "Dude, Where's My Car?" and the video game "Project Gotham Racing".

The video features Good Charlotte performing in a high school with the Joel Madden (the lead singer) breaking into the principle's office. Joel then announces over the school's loudspeaker that the song was dedicated to "every kid who ever got picked last in gym class," "every kid who never had a date to no school dance," and "everyone who's ever been called a freak." The video shows the band wreaking havoc on the school. The guitarist Billy Martin plugs the band's sound system into the principle's microphone and they perform with students running out of class to go see them. The video ends with the band rearranging the letters on the school's notice board to spell out the words "GOOD CHARLOTTE."

"Little Things" ranked No. 23 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Modern Rock Tracks 

The Motivation Proclamation

"The Motivation Proclamation" is the second single off the debut album by pop punk band Good Charlotte called "Good Charlotte". The song is also the third track off the album. The song was released on August 7, 2001.

The video features Good Charlotte waking up in a house while they do normal morning rituals (i.e. yawn, eat breakfast, etc.) When they finally set up their music equipment, they start to play but finish the song. The video also features the television show, Undergrads which plays on the TV in the house.

Spaceballs

Spaceballs is a 1987 American science fiction comedy movie. It was directed by Mel Brooks. It starred Bill Pullman, John Candy, Mel Brooks and Rick Moranis. Its plot and characters parody the original "Star Wars" trilogy, as well as other sci-fi franchises including "Star Trek", "Alien", and the "Planet of the Apes" movies.

Despite mixed reviews at the time of release, the movie has since gained a cult following.

Little Women

Little Women, or Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy is a book by Louisa May Alcott. Alcott drew on her own childhood experiences with her three sisters when writing the book. They lived in Concord, Massachusetts at Orchard House.

Little Women was the book that helped Louisa Alcott become a well-known author. It was not her favorite novel that she wrote. In the year 1994, the book was made in a movie. Alcott’s writing skills were not the best, but she did have a lot of creativity. Her creativity shown through when she opened a school after getting a $40 donation. After she opened the school, she decided to go back to writing. (link One) 

The book was originally published in two parts. Part one was called "Little Women". It was published in 1868. Part two was called "Good Wives". Part two followed the girls as they grew up and married. It was published in 1869. Both parts were very successful.

The story is about the fictional March sisters: Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy. They call their mother Marmee. The story is set during the American Civil War. Their father is serving as a chaplain in the Union Army. Each sister has a flaw. Amy is selfish, Beth is shy, Meg is vain, and Jo is outspoken and tomboy-ish. Their best friend is Laurie, the boy next door.

Alcott’s inspiration for Little Women came from her life experiences when she was younger. The setting is in Massachusetts, the state where she grew up. The characters in the story represent her sisters, mother, and herself. Each one was given the same traits/personality as her sisters. The mother was in charge of the household when the father was away. It tells of the hard times that they had growing up and had to overcome. The story takes place during the American Civil War. The sisters learned to grow up faster than they wanted to, so that they could support the family. It was not easy for them. Link 2

Little Women by Alcott is still a popular read across many different generations. It is read by all ages and is an American classic. Link 3

1-- https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2018/09/little-women-louisa-may-alcott/565754/

2--https://americanliterature.com/author/louisa-may-alcott/book/little-women/summary

3--https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/292282/little-women-by-louisa-may-alcott/9780143106654/

Mario Del Monaco

Mario Del Monaco (July 27, 1915 - July 16, 1982) was an Italian tenor, particularly associated with Italian heroic roles, notably "Otello". One of the leading "tenore di forza" (dramatic tenor) of the 1950s, he possessed a voice of considerable range and power with a thrilling upper register.

Born in Florence, Italy, he studied in Pesaro with Melocchi but was mostly self-taught. He began his operatic career in Pesero in 1940, as Turriddu in "Cavalleria rusticana". He then sang widely in Italy and made his debut at La Scala in Milan in 1943, as Rodolfo in "La bohème". After the war, he began to appear outside Italy, Barcelona, London, Paris, Rio de Janeiro, Buenos Aires, etc. He first sang at the Metropolitan Opera in New York in 1950, as des Grieux in "Manon Lescaut".

Although mostly associated with the Italian repertoire ("Ernani", "Il trovatore", "La forza del destino", "Aida", "Andrea Chénier", "Tosca", "La fanciulla del West", "Turandot", etc.), he also enjoyed considerable success as Don José in "Carmen" and Samson in "Samson et Dalila". He left several complete opera recordings, often with soprano Renata Tebaldi. 

Del Monaco was married to soprano Rina Filippini, who was also his vocal coach. Their son, Giancarlo (b. 1945), is an operatic stage director. Del Monaco died from nephritis in Mestre, near Venice, at the age of 67.


Thornhill (Alabama)

Thornhill is an old plantation house near Forkland, Alabama. The Greek Revival main house was built in 1833 by James Innes Thornton. Thornhill was a cotton plantation in the early 1830s. It extended over 2,600 acres. By 1860, there were 156 slaves working on the plantation. About a third of the slaves lived in quarters behind the main house. William Nichols is believed to be the architect. The house measures 55 feet wide. Inside is a 14 ft wide by 40 ft long central hall. There is a spiral staircase at the back. There are two rooms to either side. The left front room was the parlor. The dining room was behind it. On the front right was the master bedroom. The plantation office was behind it. Upstairs is a matching hall and four bedrooms. All eight rooms are 19.5 feet square. The downstairs rooms have 12-foot ceilings. The upstairs ceilings are 11 feet. There was once a brick kitchen behind the house. It later burned. Additions were made to the original house from 1890 to 1949. They were razed in 1994 and rebuilt to better match the original intent. The two-story portico with six Ionic columns was added about 1850. The plantation schoolhouse was constructed about 1845. The Thornton children and neighboring plantation children were taught there. Surrounding the schoolhouse are 230-year-old post oaks. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 10, 1984.

Stadtholder

A stadtholder is a political leader or governor who controls a region or area of land for someone else.

The title was used in the northern part of Western Europe during the 18th century. It was most commonly used in the areas that now are the countries of Belgium and the Netherlands. A person who ruled many different areas often could not take control of all of them at the same time. To deal with that problem, a stadtholder of an area would be a appointed. That person would act as the ruler for that area. As a viceroy the stadtholder had total control of the area.

The stadtholder of the Dutch Republic was in practice a hereditary monarch from the 16th to the 18th centuries. After the Napoleonic Wars, they became kings.


The Click (song)

"The Click" is the third single off the debut self-titled album by American punk band Good Charlotte. The song was released in 2001. The song didn't initially appear on the track listing for the "Good Charlotte album" but was later added on the track listing for the Japanese and 2003 rerelease of "Good Charlotte". The song was also the theme song for the television show "Undergrads" and the band have also been mentioned in numerous episodes and made an appearance in the 12th episode where they played "The Click".

Reductionism

Reductionism is the idea that a system can be totally determined by looking at its parts, and by combining these using rules such as logic. Theories can be reduced to observations, concepts to things, and the laws of nature to the events that cause them. 


Sagami Bay

, also known as the Sagami Gulf or Sagami Sea, is an area of the Pacific coastline of the Japanese island of Honshu. The bay is approximately southwest of the capital, Tokyo. 

Underwater canyons extend out of Sagami Bay into the Pacific Ocean in a continuous slope called the "Sagami Trough".

Major cities on the bay include Odawara, Chigasaki, Fujisawa, Hiratsuka, Ito, and Kamakura.

The center of the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923 was in Sagami Bay.


OneDrive

Microsoft OneDrive (previously Microsoft SkyDrive, Windows Live SkyDrive and Windows Live Folders) is a free file hosting service. It lets users upload files to a cloud storage. The files can be accessed from a Web browser. It was part of the Windows Live range of services. To use the OneDrive service, a user needs a Microsoft account. OneDrive has support for Office Web Apps. It lets users change and make Word, Excel, PowerPoint and OneNote files.

The OneDrive client app adds file synchronization and cloud backup features to its device. The app comes bundled with Microsoft Windows and is available for macOS, Android, iOS, Windows Phone, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X and S. In addition, Microsoft Office apps directly integrate with OneDrive.

OneDrive is a simple file hosting service, which comes with great advantages because now the users can upload their content from any electronic device. The user can now upload or download their material from any mobile device, from any computer whether it may be Mac or PC it is fast and convenient without having to use any cables to download or upload any data.

 the service offers 5 GB of free storage for new users. Additional storage is available for purchase.

In June 2019, alongside the announcement for the Personal Vault, Microsoft announced that it would increase the OneDrive standalone storage plan from 50 GB to 100 GB at no additional charge, and that it would be giving Office 365 subscribers a new option to add more storage as they need it.


Otello

Otello is an Italian opera in four acts by Giuseppe Verdi. The libretto is by Arrigo Boito, based on William Shakespeare's play "Othello". It was first performed at "La Scala" in Milan on February 5, 1887. The work is widely regarded as one of the greatest of music-dramas. Famous interpreters of the role have included Mario Del Monaco, Jon Vickers and Placido Domingo. 




The Watchtower

The Watchtower is a magazine produced on a monthly basis by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania, distributed by Jehovah's Witnesses as part of their ministry (preaching) work. It's full name is "The Watchtower Announcing Jehovah's Kingdom". "The Watchtower"'s stated aim is to "honor Jehovah God, the Supreme Ruler of the universe". It is the most widely circulated magazine worldwide, and its companion magazine "Awake!" is the second most widely circulated magazine worldwide, according to the article Top 5 World’s Best Magazines.

There is also a "Study Edition" of "The Watchtower" that is not distributed to the public. It is used by Jehovah's Witnesses at their weekend meetings.


Cavalleria rusticana

Cavalleria rusticana is an Italian opera in one act. The music was written by Pietro Mascagni. The story and words (libretto) were written by Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti and Guido Menasci. The opera was based on a play by Giovanni Verga.

The opera was first performed in Rome on May 17, 1890. The work marked the start of the verismo style in Italian opera. It is often paired with Ruggero Leoncavallo's opera "Pagliacci" to make a full evening. Both operas are just a little over one hour each.

Name: The name means 'rustic chivalry' or 'chivalry of (people in) the countryside'.



Arrietty

Arrietty (called in Japan and The Secret World of Arrietty in North America) is a 2010 Japanese animated fantasy movie directed by Hiromasa Yonebayashi, written by Hayao Miyazaki and Keiko Niwa and produced by Studio Ghibli, based on Mary Norton's novel "The Borrowers". The movie is about a young Borrower named Arrietty. The movie stars the voices of Mirai Shida as the titular character, Ryunosuke Kamiki as Sho, and Tatsuya Fujiwara as Spiller.

The North American version of the movie was made by Disney, and stars Bridgit Mendler as Arrietty, David Henre as Sho (renamed Shawn), and Moisés Arias as Spiller. It also has Will Arnett as Arrietty's father Pod, and Amy Poehler as her mother Homily.


Cytokinin

Cytokinins are hormones in plants that are found both naturally and synthetically. They are used to make the process of cell mitosis quicken, and thus to make the plant grow faster.

Haskell

Haskell is a purely functional programming language. It is named after Haskell Brooks Curry, a U.S. mathematician who contributed a lot to logic. Haskell is based on lambda calculus and uses the Greek letter lambda as its logo. The main implementations are the Glasgow Haskell Compiler (GHC), and Hugs, a Haskell interpreter.

The following is an example Hello World program in Haskell:

module Main where

main :: IO ()
main = putStrLn "Hello, World!"
One way to create an infinite list of Fibonacci numbers is this:

fib n = fibs !! n

Haskell was influenced by many earlier programming languages. These were Clean, FP, Gofer, Hope and Hope, Id, ISWIM, KRC, Lisp, Miranda, ML and Standard ML, Orwell, SASL, SISAL, and Scheme.

Haskell itself has influenced many later programming languages, such as Agda, Bluespec, C++11/Concepts, C#/LINQ, Cayenne, Clean, Clojure, CoffeeScript, Curry, F#, Isabelle, Java/Generics, Mercury, Perl 6, Python, Scala, Visual Basic 9.0.

Second Boer War

The Second Boer War (, or "Tweede Boereoorlog") was a war. It lasted from 11 October 1899 until 31 May 1902. In the war, the British Empire fought against the Afrikaans-speaking Dutch settlers of two independent Boer republics, the South African Republic (Transvaal Republic) and the Orange Free State. Winston Churchill, who later became famous, was captured but escaped. At this time, the British made use of concentration camps. This weakened the Boers. It helped the British stop the war from lasting any longer.

The British troops won the war. As a result, both republics were annexed to the British Empire. Later, both were eventually incorporated into the Union of South Africa, a dominion of the British Empire, in 1910. The conflict is commonly referred to as The Boer War but it is also known as the South African War outside South Africa, the Anglo-Boer War among most South Africans, and in Afrikaans as the "Anglo-Boereoorlog" or "Tweede Vryheidsoorlog" ("Second War of Liberation" or lit. "Second Freedom War") or the Engelse oorlog (English War).

The Second Boer War is a part of what are known as the Boer Wars. These include the lesser known First Boer War that took place from December 1880 to March 1881.

Enoshima

Enoshima has an area of about 0.2 km². It is linked to the mainland by a bridge.

The island is at the mouth of the Katase River.

In 1927, Enoshima was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best showed Japan and its culture in the Shōwa period.




Henny Penny

Henny Penny, also known as Chicken Little or Chicken Licken, is a fable. It is about a chicken who believes the world is coming to an end.


Louisa May Alcott

Louisa May Alcott (; November 29, 1832 – March 6, 1888) was an American writer. She was born at Germantown, Pennsylvania to Amos Bronson Alcott, a controversial educator.

In 1834, the Alcott family moved to Massachusetts, finally settling at Concord. Family friends in the area included Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry David Thoreau, and Nathaniel Hawthorne.

Louisa May Alcott was born on November 29, 1832, in part of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was the daughter of a teacher. He and his wife helped children. Louisa was the second of four daughters. The family moved to Boston in 1834, where Alcott's father started a school and was friends with Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau. Louisa's father's opinions on education and hard views on teaching children shaped young Alcott's mind with a desire to do well in life. In 1840, after the school ended, the Alcott family moved to a small house on land next to a river in Concord, Massachusetts. They were happy there.[4] By 1843, the Alcott family moved with some friends to the an area where everyone believed in the same thing from 1843–1844. Louisa's mom had a lot of money and with some help from Ralph Waldo Emerson, they bought land in Concord, Massachusetts. They moved to a house on April 1, 1845. Louisa went to work at an early age. She taught, sewed, and did chores in houses. In 1848, her first book, "Flower Fables", was published.

Louisa was taught by Henry David Thoreau and her father. Her father was really hard and taught her to not think about herself. She was also taught by important people like Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nathaniel Hawthorne. They were friends of her family. She wrote for a paper that tells everyone what is going on.

In 1847, she and her family helped on the Underground Railroad, when they allowed a runaway  slave to stay in their house for one week. Alcott believed that women should be treated better and became the first woman allowed to vote in Concord, Massachusetts. The 1850s were hard times for the Alcotts. At one point in 1857, Alcott was so sad that she thought about killing herself. Later that year, she learned about Charlotte Brontë and felt better. She was not longer close to her sisters because they died or got married.

She wrote many sensational stories and passionate novels such as "A Long Fatal Love Chase". She also wrote stories for children. The critics liked these children's stories. She began writing only for children. In 1868, "Little Women" was published. It was a great success. After "Little Women", Alcott wrote "Little Men" in 1871 and "Jo's Boys" in 1886. These books were about four fictional sisters: Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy March. The books were based on Alcott's childhood experiences with her own three sisters. The character of Jo was based on Alcott herself. Other children's books by Alcott include "Eight Cousins", "Rose in Bloom", "Under the Lilacs", and "".

Alcott supported the rights of women and slaves in America. In 1860, Alcott wrote for a newspaper. When the American Civil War began, she worked as a nurse in a hospital at Georgetown, D.C., for six weeks in 1862–1863. She wanted to serve three months as a nurse, but she got typhoid and got ill, but she did get better. Her letters to her home were put in popular newspapers and books (1863, republished with additions in 1869). These letters gave her fame, and people liked her observations and humor. She wrote about the bad care of hospitals by some doctors. Many people liked her stories and became fans of her writing.

After the American Civil War, Alcott wrote fun and smart books under the name A. M. Barnard. One of her books was "A Long Fatal Love Chase". Her protagonists for these books were strong and smart. She also wrote books for children, and when they became popular, she did not go back to writing for adults. Other books she wrote are the novelette A Modern Mephistopheles (1875), which people thought someone else wrote; and the "Work" (1873).
Alcott became very famous with her book "Little Women: or Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy" (1868), a story of her childhood with her sisters in Massachusetts. Part two, or "Part Second", also known as "Good Wives" (1869), followed the characters into adulthood and marriage. "Little Men" (1871) talked about Jo's life at the Plumfield School that she started with her husband Professor Bhaer at the end of Part Two of "Little Women". "Jo's Boys" (1886) completed the "March Family Saga". In "Little Women", Alcott based her character "Jo" on herself. But Jo marries at the end of the story, and Alcott never got married. She said, "I am more than half-persuaded that I am a man's soul put by some freak of nature into a woman's body ... because I have fallen in love with so many pretty girls and never once the least bit with any man." Every character in "Little Women" is like a person in Alcott's own life. 
"Little Women" was liked by a lot of people of different ages. A reviewer of "Eclectic Magazine" called it "the very best of books to reach the hearts of the young of any age from six to sixty". People also liked the book because it was like their own lives.

Three years after the Civil War started, Alcott got a job at a hospital in Washington, D.C. She worked for six weeks between 1861 and 1862. While Alcott worked at the hospital, she got typhoid. She had to spend a long time in bed, which affected her health. While she had typhoid, she used medicine that had mercury in it. When Alcott was older, she was ill most of the time. She thought this was because of mercury poisoning from the medicine she used. Early biographies about Louisa May Alcott said that she was ill and died because of mercury poisoning. However, experts now think she was ill from an autoimmune disease.

Alcott died of a stroke at age 55 in Boston, Massachusetts on March 6, 1888.

Sir Gawain

Sir Gawain is a legendary character in the King Arthur stories, but according to some historical critics originates and inspired from a real knight of 850 in the area of north Europe, between legend and oral norvegian Orkney Islands history. He is one of the most important Knights of the Round Table. His parents are Arthur's sister Anna and King Lot. He is the main character of "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight", a medieval fantasy poem. He is said to be Arthur's nephew. He appears very early on in the legend and has been mentioned in very early Welsh sord in wales.

He is one of a select number of Round Table members to be referred to as one of the greatest knights, most notably in "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight", well know also like with the nickname "First knight". He is almost always portrayed as the son of Arthur's sister Morgause (or Anna) and King Lot of Orkney and Lothian, and his brothers are Agravain, Gaheris, Gareth, and Mordred. He was well known to be the most trustworthy friend of Sir Lancelot. In some works, Sir Gawain has sisters as well.

Gawain is often portrayed as a formidable, courteous, and also a compassionate warrior, fiercely loyal to his king and family. He is a friend to young knights, a defender of the poor, and as "the Maidens' Knight", a defender of women as well. In some works, his strength waxes and wanes with the sun; in the most common form of this motif, his might triples by noon, but fades as the sun sets. His knowledge of herbs makes him a great healer, and he is credited with at least three children: Florence, Lovell, and Gingalain, the last of which is also called Libeaus Desconus or Le Bel Inconnu, the Fair Unknown. Gawain appears in English, French and Celtic literature as well as in Italy where he appears in the architecture of the north portal in the cathedral of Modena, constructed in 1184.

Gawain is also called "Gauvain","Gualguanus", "Gwalchmei", "Walwein", etc. is King Arthur's nephew and a Knight of the Round Table in the Arthurian legend. Under the name "Gwalchmei", he appears very early in the legend's development: he is mentioned in some of the earliest Welsh Arthurian sources.
Gawain is known by different names and variants in different languages. The character corresponds to the Welsh "Gwalchmei ap Gwyar", and is known in Latin as "Walwen", "Gualguanus", "Waluanus", etc.; in French as "Gauvain"; and in English as Gawain. The later forms are generally assumed to derive from the Welsh "Gwalchmei". The element "Gwalch" means hawk, and is a typical epithet in medieval Welsh poetry. The meaning of "mei" is uncertain. It has been suggested that it refers to the month of May ("Mai" in Modern Welsh), rendering "Hawk of May", though scholar Rachel Bromwich considers this unlikely. Kenneth Jackson suggests the name evolved from an early Common Brittonic name *"Ualcos Magesos", meaning "Hawk of the Plain".

Not all scholars accept the "gwalch" derivation. Celticist John Koch suggests the name could be derived from a Brythonic original "*Wolcos Magesos", "Wolf/Errant Warrior of the Plain." Others argue that the continental forms do not ultimately derive from "Gwalchmei". Medievalist Roger Sherman Loomis suggests a derivation from the epithet "Gwallt Avwyn", found in the list of heroes in "Culhwch and Olwen", which he translates as "hair like reins" or "bright hair". Dutch scholar Lauran Toorians proposes that the Dutch name Walewein (attested in Flanders and Northern France c. 1100) was earliest, suggesting it entered Britain during the large settlement of Flemings in Wales in the early 12th century. However, most scholarship supports a derivation from Gwalchmei, variants of which are well attested in Wales and Britain. Scholars such as Bromwich, Joseph Loth, and Heinrich Zimmer trace the etymology of the continental versions to a corruption of the Breton form of the name, "Walcmoei".

Donna Reed

Donna Reed (born Donna Belle Mullenger, January 27, 1921 – January 14, 1986) was an American actress. She was born in Denison, Iowa. 

Reed had a major role in "It's a Wonderful Life". She won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "From Here to Eternity". She won a Golden Globe Award for Best TV Star - Female for her central role in "The Donna Reed Show".

She died of pancreatic cancer in Beverly Hills, California.


Danny Dyer

Danny Dyer (born 24 July 1977) is a British actor. He was born in Custom House, London. Dyer had major roles in "Human Traffic", "Borstal Boy", "Goodbye Charlie Bright", "The Football Factory", "The Business", "Severance" and "Outlaw". 

Dyer has also acted in theatre and on television, including two episodes each of "The Bill" and "Skins", as well as playing Mick Carter in "EastEnders" (2013–present). 

The Bill

The Bill is a British police procedural television series. It ran from 1984 to 2010 on ITV and is set in the East End of London. It started with a pilot episode from 1983 called Woodentop and often featured guest stars who would later become more famous in other roles. 

The Courtship of Miles Standish

The Courtship of Miles Standish is a long poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. It was published in October 1858. It sold 25,000 copies in two months. 

It tells the story of early New England settlers Miles Standish, John Alden, and Priscilla Mullins. Miles Standish and John Alden are both in love with Priscilla. 

It is unknown whether the story was taken from real-life, or if it was an American folk tale. One critic liked some aspects of the poem. He complained about other aspects though. Longfellow wrote the poem in an unfamiliar meter, Greek hexameter, and used medieval words. 


Darren Walsh

Darren Walsh may refer to:


Darren Walsh (footballer)

Darren Walsh (born 27 December 1984) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the AFL.

He was drafted by the Essendon Football Club in the 2002 National draft at pick 27 in the 2nd round. He played two games in his first season with Essendon but ended the season with glandular fever. Walsh was delisted after the 2004 season without having played another game.

Darren Walsh (director)

Darren Walsh is an English director, animator, writer, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is best known as the voice of Angry Kid in the show of the same name. He also created, directed, and wrote the programme.


Aardman Animations

Aardman Animations Ltd., also known as Aardman, is a British-American stop-motion clay animation studio in Bristol, England. It is known for using techniques with the characters Wallace and Gromit modelled in plasticine. It successfully entered the computer animation market with "Flushed Away" (2006).

Their stop-motion films are among the highest-grossing stop-motion films of all time. Their debut, "Chicken Run" (2000), is their top-grossing film. It is the highest-grossing stop-motion film of all time.

In 1991, Park's short, "Creature Comforts", was the first Aardman production to win an Academy Award.

Aardman was founded in 1972 as a low-budget project by Peter Lord and David Sproxton, who wanted to realise their dream of producing an animated motion picture. The partnership provided animated sequences for the BBC series for deaf children "Vision On". The company name originates from the name of their nerdish Superman character in that sequence. The process of using clay animation to produce a segment called "Greeblies" (1975) became the inspiration for creating Morph, a simple clay character. Around the same time, Lord and Sproxton made their first foray into adult animation with the shorts "Down and Out" and "Confessions of a Foyer Girl", entries in the BBC's "Animated Conversations" series using real-life conversations as soundtracks. Aardman also created the title sequence for "The Great Egg Race" and supplied animation for the multiple award-winning music video of Peter Gabriel's song "Sledgehammer". They produced the music video for the song "My Baby Just Cares For Me" by Nina Simone in 1987. Also in the 1980s, they created the trombone-playing character "Douglas" in a television commercial for Lurpak butter.

Later Aardman produced a number of shorts for Channel 4, including the "Conversation Pieces" series. These five shorts worked in the same area as the "Animated Conversations" pieces, but were more sophisticated. Lord and Sproxton began hiring more animators at this point; three of the newcomers made their directorial debut at Aardman with the "Lip Synch" series. Of the five "Lip Synch" shorts, two were directed by Lord, one by Barry Purves, one by Richard Goleszowski and one by Nick Park.

In 1991, Park's short, "Creature Comforts", was the first Aardman production to win an Academy Award. Park also developed the clay modelled shorts featuring the adventures of Wallace and Gromit, a comical pair of friends: Wallace being a naive English inventor with a love of cheese, and Gromit his best friend, the intelligent but silent dog. These films include "A Grand Day Out" (1989), "The Wrong Trousers" (1993) and "A Close Shave" (1995), the latter two winning Academy Awards.

In December 1997, Aardman and DreamWorks (later DreamWorks Animation) announced that their companies were teaming up to co-finance and distribute "Chicken Run", Aardman's first feature film, which had already been in pre-production for a year. On 27 October 1999, Aardman and DreamWorks signed a $250 million deal to make an additional four films that were estimated to be completed during the next 12 years. Along with the deal their first project was announced, titled "The Tortoise and the Hare". Intended to be based on Aesop's fable and directed by Richard Goleszowski, it was paused two years later because of the script problems. On 23 June 2000, "Chicken Run" was released to a great critical and financial success. In 2005, after ten years of absence, Wallace and Gromit returned in Academy Award-winning "The Curse of the Were-Rabbit". The following year "Flushed Away", Aardman's first computer-animated feature, was released.
Logo used from 1998 until 2022
On 1 October 2006, right before the release of "Flushed Away", "The New York Times" reported that due to creative differences DreamWorks Animation and Aardman would not be extending their contract. The deal was officially terminated on 30 January 2007. According to an Aardman spokesperson: "The business model of DreamWorks no longer suits Aardman and vice versa. But the split couldn't have been more amicable." Unofficial reasons for departure were weak performances of the last two movies, for which DreamWorks had to take writedowns, and citing the article, "Aardman executives chafed at the creative control DreamWorks tried to exert, particularly with "Flushed Away"..." The studio had another film in development, "Crood Awakening" (eventually "The Croods"), which had been announced in 2005, with John Cleese co-writing the screenplay. With the end of the partnership, the film's rights reverted to DreamWorks.

On 10 October 2005, a serious fire at a storage facility used by Aardman and other Bristol-based companies destroyed over 30 years of props, models, and scenery often built by the Bristol-based Cod Steaks. This warehouse was used for storage of past projects and so did not prevent the production of their current projects at the time. In addition, the company's library of finished films was stored elsewhere and was undamaged. An electrical fault was determined to be the cause of the blaze. Referring to the 2004 South Asia earthquake and tsunami, Park was quoted as saying, "Even though it is a precious and nostalgic collection and valuable to the company, in light of other tragedies, today isn't a big deal."

From 2006 to 2007, the Ghibli Museum in Mitaka, Tokyo, Japan, had an exhibit featuring the works of Aardman Studios. Sproxton and Lord visited the exhibit in May 2006 and met with animator Hayao Miyazaki during the visit. Miyazaki has long been a fan of Aardman Animations' works.

In April 2007, Aardman signed and in 2010 renewed a three-year deal with Sony Pictures to finance, co-produce, and distribute feature films. The next year, Aardman released a new "Wallace and Gromit" short film, called "A Matter of Loaf and Death". The first film made in partnership with Sony was the computer-animated "Arthur Christmas" (2011), which is Aardman's first 3D feature film. 2012 saw the release of "The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists!" (known internationally as "The Pirates! Band of Misfits"), Aardman's first 3D stop-motion film and Peter Lord's first film as a director since "Chicken Run". Two additional films were announced in June 2007: "The Cat Burglars", a stop-motion animated heist comedy film directed by Steve Box, about cat burglars that steal milk, and their plans to pull off 'the great milk float robbery'; and an untitled Nick Park project (which would later become "Early Man").

The studio is also known to provide generous resources and training to young animators by providing awards at various animation festivals. For example, The Aardman Award at the UK's Animex Festival in Teesside provides story consultation to a promising young animator for their next film.

In 2008, Aardman joined with Channel 4 and Lupus Films to launch a user-generated content animation portal called 4mations. They also designed the BBC One Christmas Idents for that year, which featured Wallace and Gromit to tie in with the showing of the new Wallace and Gromit film called "A Matter of Loaf and Death" on Christmas Day at 8:30pm. In April 2008, Aardman launched the Aardman YouTube channel, which is a YouTube Partner channel featuring the entire "Creature Comforts" TV series, the Morph series, "Cracking Contraptions" and clips from the Wallace and Gromit films. From December 2008, Aardman also started posting various flash games on Newgrounds, the majority of which are based on "Wallace and Gromit" and "Shaun the Sheep".

In 2009, Nintendo announced that Aardman would make twelve short films using only Flipnote Studio. The films were posted on Flipnote's Hatena web service provider. The first film was called "The Sandwich Twins" and was released on 16 September 2009. The remaining eleven films were released on a weekly basis until Christmas, and can also be downloaded using Hatena. In the same year, the headquarters of the studio moved into a new building, designed by Alec French architects, in Gas Ferry Road, Bristol, although work needing large-scale sets is still carried out in sheds in Aztec West and Bedminster. In April 2009, Aardman Animations edited the existing Watch identity by UKTV to make the inflatable eyeball (called "Blinky") in the idents blink.

In October 2013, Peter Lord (co-founder of Aardman Animations) created a fundraising project on the crowdfunding site Kickstarter. The campaign has a target of £75,000 which will be used to fund 12 new one-minute episodes of Morph. Lord was hoping to start production in January 2014 using the original stop-frame animation. Backers of the project will receive a variety of rewards, including early access to the new animations and a small box of clay used in the production, depending on the individual's level of funding.

In 2015, the studio bought a majority share in New York-based animation studio Nathan Love, announcing the merger with a short film called "Introducing: Aardman Nathan Love" on 25 September of the same year of that being that the British stop-motion animated series "Digby Dragon" debuted on Nick Jr. UK in 2016.

In advance of Aardman's fortieth anniversary, BBC One aired the one-hour television documentary "A Grand Night In: The Story of Aardman", first broadcast in December 2015. Narrated by Julie Walters, this career retrospective includes commentary by the company's founders and staff, as well as various friends, fans and colleagues including Terry Gilliam, John Lasseter, and Matt Groening.

From 29 June 2017 to 29 October 2017, an exhibition entitled "Wallace and Gromit and Friends" was shown at the Australian Centre for the Moving Image (ACMI) in Melbourne. A report on this exhibition was shown on Australian "ABC News Breakfast" on Wednesday, 28 June, featuring an 8-minute interview with producers Peter Lord and David Sproxton. The exhibition revealed that in Nick Park's very early sketches, Gromit was originally a cat, but Park soon changed him into a dog, since it was generally agreed that a dog was clearly more suitable as a loyal pet/companion than a cat and also because a dog would be easier to make and animate in Plasticine. Embedded in the ABC News article is a video interview with Lord and Sproxton, which gives information not only on Wallace and Gromit, but also Shaun the Sheep and others.

On 9 November 2018, Aardman Animations announced that Peter Lord and David Sproxton would be transferring majority ownership of the company to its employees in order to keep the studio independent. In January 2019, Lord and Sproxton released a book detailing the history of the studio, called "A Grand Success! The Aardman Journey, One Frame at a Time."

In December 2020, Netflix announced an Aardman Christmas musical special entitled "Robin Robin". The 30-minute short, starring Bronte Carmichael, Richard E. Grant, Gillian Anderson and Adeel Akhtar, was released on the platform on November 24, 2021.

On 20 January 2022, Netflix announced a sequel to "Chicken Run" entitled "Chicken Run: Dawn of the Nugget". The film, starring Thandiwe Newton and Zachary Levi, is slated to premiere on the platform in 2023. A new, untitled "Wallace and Gromit" film was also confirmed to be 'in the works', and is currently slated for a 2024 release, as well as a logo change after over 23 years.

The company name is taken from one of its early characters, a superhero created for "Vision On" in 1972. Unlike the claymation productions that the company are famous for, Aardman was cel-animated. Peter Lord has stated that the most interesting thing about the company name is that it "means nothing" and is only a joke that two teenagers found funny. He has stated that the name came from a combination of "Aardvark" and "Superman" for the reason that they found "aardvark" to be a particularly funny word. Aardman Animations became their company name when the BBC asked them to whom they should make their first cheque out. Co-founder David Sproxton has claimed that the name was a result of being unable to "find another word with more A's in it than 'aardvark'" as a schoolboy.

A number of Aardman directors have worked at other studios, taking the distinctive Aardman style with them.

Aardman's Steve Box directed the animated music video for the Spice Girls' final single as a five-piece, "Viva Forever". Widely regarded as the Spice Girls' most critically acclaimed song, the video took over five months to produce, considerably longer than the group's box office hit movie, "Spice World". He is also the co-creator of the Finnish-British animated series Moominvalley, based on the Moomins books.

Barry Purves, director of the Aardman short "Next", also directed "Hamilton Mattress" for Harvest Films. The film, a half-hour special that premiered on Christmas Day 2001, was produced by Chris Moll, producer of the "Wallace and Gromit" short film "The Wrong Trousers". The models were provided by Mackinnon & Saunders, a firm that did the same for "Bob the Builder" and "Corpse Bride".

Similarly, "Robbie the Reindeer in Hooves of Fire", a BBC Bristol/Comic Relief production, was directed by Richard Goleszowski, creator of "Rex the Runt". Its sequel, "Robbie the Reindeer in Legend of the Lost Tribe", was directed by Peter Peake, whose directorial credits for Aardman include "Pib and Pog" and "Humdrum".

Aardman alumni also produced many of the claymation shorts used in the 1986–1990 American television series "Pee-wee's Playhouse".

Aardman Animation has produced a number of animated features, shorts, videos and TV series, as well as adverts.


Note: Rights to the Aardman films produced with DreamWorks Animation are now owned by Universal Pictures, following NBCUniversal's purchase of DreamWorks in 2016.


The leading members of the company have got recognition from the British award system. They are (alphabetical order):



Regis (footballer, born 1973)

Regis Felisberto Masarim (born March 6, 1973) is a former Brazilian football player.

8||0||3||0||0||0||11||0
8||0||3||0||0||0||11||0

Seiichi Makita

6||0||0||0||0||0||6||0
6||0||0||0||0||0||6||0

Yasushi Matsumoto

6||1||2||0||3||0||11||1
6||1||2||0||3||0||11||1

Edoson Silva Martins

Edoson Silva Martins (born March 16, 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

19||0||0||0||0||0||19||0
19||0||0||0||0||0||19||0

Hideyuki Imakura

2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0
2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0

Chuda

Chuda is a village in Gujarat, India. It is popular for dry red chili powder. It is near Limbdi. Chuda is located on the banks of River Vasal. There are a few places to visit in Chuda which are of historical importance. Most famous is Jain Temple of which is located in the middle of village. Jain Temple having 2200 Years old idle of shri Sumatinatha from the time of the great Samprati Maharaja.

Kenji Sakaguchi

1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0

Akiyoshi Yoshida

5||0||0||0||0||0||5||0
5||0||0||0||0||0||5||0

Yukinori Muramatsu

14||0||0||0||9||0||23||0
14||0||0||0||9||0||23||0


Nobuyuki Hosaka

17||0||0||0||0||0||17||0
17||0||0||0||0||0||17||0

Tadashi Koya

24||0||3||0||2||0||29||0
24||0||3||0||2||0||29||0


Shin Che-bon

Shin Je-Bon (born September 27, 1971) used to be a North Korean football player.

18||1||3||0||0||0||21||1
18||1||3||0||0||0||21||1


Kinya Takehara

1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0

Hirokazu Goshi

4||0||0||0||4||0
4||0||0||0||4||0


Osamu Chiba

6||0||1||0||8||0||15||0
6||0||1||0||8||0||15||0

Shuji Kusano

36||7||1||0||5||3||42||10
36||7||1||0||5||3||42||10

Kazuhisa Irii

25||0||5||0||13||1||43||1
25||0||5||0||13||1||43||1


Keisuke Makino

10||2||0||0||6||1||16||3
10||2||0||0||6||1||16||3

Nobutaka Tanaka

28||0||||||||||||
28||0||||||||||||

Satoshi Oishi

5||0||0||0||1||0||6||0
5||0||0||0||1||0||6||0

Fujio Yamamoto

27||0||0||0||4||0||31||0
27||0||0||0||4||0||31||0

Kozo Hosokawa

56||5||1||0||1||0||58||5
56||5||1||0||1||0||58||5

Yosuke Sakamoto

7||0||0||0||0||0||7||0
7||0||0||0||0||0||7||0

Masahiro Ota

6||0||0||0||3||0||9||0
6||0||0||0||3||0||9||0

Kenichi Hashimoto

27||3||1||0||1||0||29||3
27||3||1||0||1||0||29||3

Marcelo Mabilia

Marcelo Mabilia (born October 31, 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

10||3||0||0||4||1||14||4
10||3||0||0||4||1||14||4

Masaru Hirayama

16||1||1||0||0||0||17||1
16||1||1||0||0||0||17||1

Cléber Arado

Cléber Eduardo Arado (October 11, 1972 – January 2, 2021) was a Brazilian football player.

Arado died of COVID-19 at a hospital in Curitiba, Paraná on January 2, 2021 at the age of 48.

10||1||0||0||6||2||16||3
10||1||0||0||6||2||16||3

Marcio dos Santos Silva

Marcio dos Santos Silva (born February 5, 1969) is a former Brazilian football player. 

7||1||2||0||0||0||9||1
7||1||2||0||0||0||9||1

Mobbing

Mobbing is a special type of consensus bullying behavior. It is about an imbalance of social, physical or other power involving a group or a person.

Mobbing is like a "virus" or a "cancer" that spreads via gossip, rumour and innuendo. Mobbing is developed or pushed by a leader who persuades others into a systematic pattern of "mob-like" behaviour toward the target.

Some European languages have adopted "mob" as a loanword to describe special kinds of bullying. 

A checklist for identify mobbing behaviour includes


James Fenimore Cooper

James Fenimore Cooper (September 15, 1789 - September 14, 1851) was an American writer. He created the character of Natty Bumpo, the archetypal American frontiersman.

Cooper was born on September 15, 1789 in Burlington, New Jersey. His father was a United States Congressman. James Fenimore was one year old when his family moved to Cooperstown, New York. The community was started by his father. 

Cooper was 13 when he began attending Yale University. He was kicked out for playing pranks. He blew up another student's door. He also taught a donkey to sit in a professor's chair.

Cooper got a job as a seaman on a merchant ship. He joined the United States Navy at age 18. He became a midshipman, but left the Navy in 1811. 

Cooper married Susan DeLancey when he was 21. They had seven children. Five lived to be adults. The first-born survivor, Susan Fenimore Cooper, became a writer and naturalist.

"Precaution" was Cooper's first book. It was published anonymously in 1820. In 1823, he published "The Pioneers". This book was the first of the Leatherstocking novels. These stories became famous for the fictional character of an American woodsman called Natty Bumppo. Cooper's most famous novel "Last of the Mohicans" was published in 1826. It became one of the most widely read American novels of the 19th century.

In 1826, Cooper moved his family to Europe. He wanted to make more money as an author. He also wanted to give his children a better education. He continued to write. His books published in Paris include "The Red Rover" and "The Water Witch". These were novels about the sea. His books began taking a political angle. These books are forgotten today. He returned to the United States in 1833. 

Cooper moved back to his ancestral home Otsego Hall in Cooperstown. His writing continued in a political vein. His readers did not like this. He returned to fiction books with "The Pathfinder" and "The Deerslayer". These books continued the story of Natty Bumppo. Cooper spent his last years in Cooperstown. He died on September 14, 1851. 



Kenichi Serata

3||0||0||0||3||0||6||0
3||0||0||0||3||0||6||0


Claudinho (footballer, born 1967)

Cláudio Batista dos Santos (born April 19, 1967) is a former Brazilian football player.

16||8||2||2||0||0||18||10
16||8||2||2||0||0||18||10


Alex (footballer, born 1969)

Alex Lopes de Nasciment (born April 22, 1969) is a former Brazilian football player.

16||5||2||1||0||0||18||6
16||5||2||1||0||0||18||6


Shinichi Kawano

7||1||0||0||1||1||8||2
7||1||0||0||1||1||8||2

Yoichi Kajiyama

2||0||2||0||0||0||4||0
2||0||2||0||0||0||4||0

Naoki Matsushita

19||1||||||||||||
19||1||||||||||||

Buiú (footballer, born 1980)

Buiu (born May 5, 1980) is a former Brazilian football player.

3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0

Anderson Gils

Anderson Gils de Sampaio (born February 15, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

14||3||4||0||4||0||22||3
14||3||4||0||4||0||22||3


Alicilio Pinto Silva Junior

Alicilio Pinto Silva Junior (born May 15, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

27||0||0||0||2||0||29||0
27||0||0||0||2||0||29||0

Takahiro Sasaki

8||0||||||||||||
8||0||||||||||||

Albert Tomas

Albert Tomas Sobrepera (born December 19, 1970) is a former Spanish football player.

17||1||2||0||3||1||22||2
17||1||2||0||3||1||22||2

Takuya Suzumura

6||0||||||||||||
6||0||||||||||||

Atsuo Watanabe

16||0||1||0||2||0||19||0
16||0||1||0||2||0||19||0

Robert Vancea

Robert Dumitru Vancea (born September 28, 1976, Craiova) is a Romanian professional football player.

12||0||1||0||0||0||13||0
12||0||1||0||0||0||13||0

Júlio César (footballer, born May 1980)

Júlio César Rocha Costa (born May 12, 1980) is a Brazilian football player.

5||0||1||0||3||0||9||0
5||0||1||0||3||0||9||0

Jefferson Fred Rodriguez

Jefferson Fred Rodriguez (born February 28, 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

21||3||1||0||3||2||25||5
21||3||1||0||3||2||25||5

Henrique (footballer, born 1976)

Carlos Henrique Raimundo Rodriguez (born December 24, 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

16||2||0||0||3||0||19||2
16||2||0||0||3||0||19||2

Chay Hews

Chay Hews (born 30 September 1976) is a former Australian soccer player who played in Australia, England, Japan and Sweden. 

Jailton (footballer, born 1974)

Jailton Nunes de Oliviera (born January 30, 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

6||0||0||0||0||0||6||0
6||0||0||0||0||0||6||0

Kenji Ito

5||1||||||||||||
5||1||||||||||||

Paulo Magino

Paulo Magino (born June 23, 1979) is a former Brazilian football player.

16||6||2||1||2||1||20||8
16||6||2||1||2||1||20||8

Luizinho Vieira

Luiz Henrique Vieira (born February 4, 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

15||6||2||0||0||0||17||6
15||6||2||0||0||0||17||6

Tetsu Yamato

2||0||||||||||||
2||0||||||||||||

Kleber Romero

Kleber Romero (born February 14, 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0

Dinei (footballer, born 1971)

Valdinei Rocha de Oliveira (born October 27, 1971) is a former Brazilian football player.

3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0

Hiromasa Tokioka

8||0||3||0||5||0||16||0
8||0||3||0||5||0||16||0

Alan David Dotti

Alan David Dotti (born March 19, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

7||0||||||||||||
7||0||||||||||||

Taisuke Hiramoto

18||4||||||||||||
18||4||||||||||||

Yasuhiro Toyota

3||0||||||||||||
3||0||||||||||||

Otsego Hall

Otsego Hall was a house in Cooperstown, New York. It was the ancestral home of American author James Fenimore Cooper. It was built by his father William Cooper, who also founded the village of Cooperstown. This village was where the Hall was located. Building began in 1796. The Hall was completed in 1799. It was the largest private home in central New York for a long time.

In June 1834 James Fenimore Cooper decided to reopen the Hall. He had lived in other places for almost sixteen years. The Hall had been closed for a long time. It was falling into decay. Repairs were begun at once, and the Hall was quickly restored. At first, James spent his winters in New York City and his summers in Cooperstown. Eventually he made Otsego Hall his forever home. The Hall burned down a few years after he died. The surrounding property was sold. His daughter and secretary, Susan Fenimore Cooper, built her home in Cooperstown with bricks and other materials from the ruins of Otsego Hall.

Genilson

Genilson da Rocha Santos (born December 1, 1971) is a former Brazilian football player.

3||0||||||||||||
3||0||||||||||||

Cadu (footballer, born 1974)

Ricardo Frederico Rodrigues Antunes (born January 1, 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

4||1||||||||||||
4||1||||||||||||

Yuki Imamura

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Takeshi Shimizu

7||0||||||||||||
7||0||||||||||||

Keiji Koizumi

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Atsuto Oishi

5||0||||||||||||
5||0||||||||||||

Shinya Hagihara

4||0||||||||||||
4||0||||||||||||

Eiichi Uemura

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Saulo (footballer, born 1974)

Saulo Estevao da Costa Pimenta (born April 11, 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

23||6||||||||||||
23||6||||||||||||

Makoto Ikeda

2||0||||||||||||
2||0||||||||||||

Takeshi Kawaharazuka

3||0||||||||||||
3||0||||||||||||

Tomonori Tsunematsu

2||0||||||||||||
2||0||||||||||||

Yuji Nakayoshi

2||0||||||||||||
2||0||||||||||||

Alex (footballer, born 1976)

Alex (born April 20, 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

11||2||||||||||||
11||2||||||||||||

Kazumasa Shimizu

6||1||||||||||||
6||1||||||||||||

Pedrinho (footballer, born 1976)

Jose Pedro Santos (born September 6, 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

14||1||0||0||2||0||16||1
14||1||0||0||2||0||16||1


Daniel Rossi

8||1||0||0||5||0||13||1
8||1||0||0||5||0||13||1


Raul Maldonado

Raul Maldonado (born March 11, 1975) is a former Argentine football player.

4||0||0||0||1||0||5||0
4||0||0||0||1||0||5||0

Romild Santos Rosa

Romild Santos Rosa (born October 25, 1973) is a former Brazilian football player.

10||0||0||0||2||1||12||1
10||0||0||0||2||1||12||1

Fabricio Andre Pires

Fabricio Andre Pires (born January 29, 1982) is a former Brazilian football player.

1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0

Takashi Kojima

16||0||||||||||||
16||0||||||||||||

Fabinho (footballer, born 1974)

Fabio Augusto Justino (born June 16, 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

59||11||||||||||||
59||11||||||||||||

Motoki Imagawa

3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0

Jeferson (footballer, born 1972)

Jeferson Antonio Alves Dupin (born October 19, 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

12||1||||||||||||
12||1||||||||||||

Washington Luigi Garucia

Washington Luigi Garucia (born November 24, 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

15||1||||||||||||
15||1||||||||||||

Satoshi Yashiro

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Adsorption

Adsorption is the sticking of atoms or molecules to a surface (called "adsorbent"). The particles which get stuck on can be from a gas, liquid or a dissolved solid. An example would be the way water sticks to the surface of sand grains on a beach, or to particles of soil.

The exact nature of the force which holds them on varies according to the nature of the surface and the adsorbed molecules. The force may be a weak physical force, or weak chemical bonds, but strong enough to keep the layer of molecules stuck on. Supplying more heat usually breaks the bonds and causes the adsorbed molecules to evaporate. Only "free water" (that is not trapped inside solid particles) can evaporate.

Kota Minami

10||0||||||||||||
10||0||||||||||||

Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania

The Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania is the main legal body used around the world by Jehovah's Witnesses to organize the religion and also to decide on its official list of beliefs. Members of Jehovah's Witnesses usually call it just as "the Society". Its headquarters are in Brooklyn, New York in the United States and its rules allow only between 300 and 500 members. All of them must be "mature, active and faithful" male Jehovah's Witnesses.

A preacher, Charles Taze Russell, started the organization in 1881 as "Zion's Watch Tower Tract Society", so he could share religious pamphlets with people. In 1896, its name was changed to "Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society". When Russell died in 1916, a fight started between some of the society's directors and the man who took his place, Joseph Franklin Rutherford. The fight became very bitter and many of the people who had followed Russell, who were called International Bible Students, left and started other religious groups. But Rutherford stayed as president of the society and in 1931 the Bible Student groups around the world changed their name to Jehovah's witnesses. In 1955, the corporation changed its name again to "Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania". From 1976, the Governing Body of Jehovah's Witnesses began to control all the decisions and the work of the Watch Tower Society.

Zion's Watch Tower Tract Society was started in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on February 16, 1881 to organize the printing and sharing of pamphlets written about God and the Bible. William Henry Conley, a Pittsburgh businessman, was its first president and Russell was its secretary-treasurer. Its main publication was "Zion's Watch Tower and Herald of Christ's Presence", a Bible-based magazine first published in 1879 by Russell. On December 15, 1884, the society became officially registered and Russell was listed as its president. Russell wrote its charter, or statement of its purpose, and explained that it was for "the mental, moral and religious improvement of men and women, by teaching the Bible by means of the publication and distribution of Bibles, books, papers, pamphlets and other Bible literature, and by providing oral lectures free for the people". 

Anyone who gave $10 or more to the society was told they were a member of the society and could vote at its meetings, but Russell explained that all the decisions about what the society did would still be made by only two people—him and his wife Maria, who owned most of the shares. In his magazine, Russell explained that the Watch Tower Society was not a "religious society", but just a business organization with no set of official beliefs.

In 1900 the society opened its first overseas branch office in Britain. Another one opened in Germany in 1903 and then in Australia in 1904. In 1909 the society bought some property in Brooklyn and then moved its headquarters and staff there.

After Russell died in 1916, the Watch Tower Society's lawyer, Joseph Franklin Rutherford, was elected as its next president. But within a few months most of the seven board of directors complained that he was behaving like a dictator and not sharing information. A major fight broke out, and Rutherford told the four directors who criticised him that they were no longer on the board. In June 1917, the society published a book called "The Finished Mystery" and said it was the last of a series of Bible study books by Russell. The book made some very strong statements about the leaders of Catholic and Protestant churches and said they were wrong for taking part in the Great War. As a result, the Watch Tower Society's president and directors were jailed as traitors under the "1917 Espionage Act", although they were allowed to leave jail and the government dropped the charges.

Each congregation of Bible Students in the world had made its own decisions, although they all studied Russell's books and followed his teachings. But Rutherford decided they should all have exactly the same set of beliefs and run their congregations the same way. He told them they had to obey what the Watch Tower Society's New York headquarters told them. A director was put into each congregation, and a year later all members were told to write out a report each week of what public preaching they had done. At an international meeting held at Cedar Point, Ohio, in September 1922, Rutherford began teaching that the Bible Students' most important job was to teach people about the Bible by visiting them at their homes. Watch Tower Society books began using the name "Jehovah" much more often when writing about God, and in 1931 Rutherford decided the religion would be called Jehovah's witnesses.

When Rutherford died in 1942, Nathan H. Knorr became the new president. Two years later he changed the words in the charter, or society's rules, to say that its main purposes were to preach about God's kingdom to people in all countries, and print and share Bibles and other books and magazines that would help them learn about that. The rules about who could be a member of the society were also changed, making it open only to a maximum of 500 men who would be chosen by the leaders of the society. Knorr died in 1977 and since then the presidents have been Frederick W. Franz, Milton G. Henschel and Don A. Adams.

The Watch Tower Society is a major publisher of religious books, magazines and Bibles. By 1979, it had 39 printing branches worldwide. In 1990 it was reported that in one year the society printed 696 million copies of its magazines, "The Watchtower" and "Awake!" as well as another 35,811,000 pieces of literature worldwide, which are offered door-to-door by Jehovah's Witnesses. In 2012, the Society said it prints more than 41 million copies of each magazine each month.

The society has about 20,000 workers at its New York headquarters and branch offices around the world, and says its staff are volunteers rather than employees. Workers receive a small monthly wage with meals and accommodation provided by the society. The "Bethel family" in the Brooklyn headquarters includes hairdressers, dentists, doctors, housekeepers and carpenters, as well as shops for repairing personal appliances, watches, shoes and clothing without charge for labor.

The society does not give any financial figures to the public, but it said in 2011 that it had spent more than $173 million that year to care for full-time preachers and traveling overseers. Most of its money comes from donations given by people when they take magazines, and most of that is used on its preaching work.

Takashi Imoto

3||0||||||||||||
3||0||||||||||||

Fumiaki Nakamura

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Cleber (footballer, born 1976)

Cleber Alessandro Gomes (born May 7, 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.

16||6||||||||||||
16||6||||||||||||

Leandro Tomaz Perez

Leandro Tomaz Perez (born July 29, 1979) is a former Brazilian football player.

16||1||||||||||||
16||1||||||||||||

Ángel Ortiz

Ángel Ortiz (born 27 December 1977) is a Paraguayan football player.

248||8
10||0
3||0
261||8

!Total||27||0

Jiro Hiratsuka

11||0||||||||||||
11||0||||||||||||

Antônio (footballer, born 1970)

Maruco Antonio Urunau (born November 16, 1970) is a former Brazilian football player.

9||1||||||||||||
9||1||||||||||||

Shinichi Fujita

39||2||||||||||||
39||2||||||||||||

Daichi Fukushima

4||0||||||||||||
4||0||||||||||||

Sandro Zamboni

Sandro Luis Zamboni Britzke (born February 20, 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

Nasa (footballer, born 1979)

Marcos Antonio García Nascimento (Nasa) (born October 21, 1979 in Franca, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for Deportes Concepción in Chile.

31||10||4||4||2||0||37||14
31||10||4||4||2||0||37||14


Marco Tulio

Marco Tulio Lopes Silva (born February 28, 1981) is a former Brazilian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.


Hiroshi Sakai

31||6||||||||||||
31||6||||||||||||

Ryohei Koike

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Takuma Sugano

34||4||||||||||||
34||4||||||||||||

Jun Enomoto

10||1||||||||||||
10||1||||||||||||


Masakazu Senuma

13||1||||||||||||
13||1||||||||||||

Takashi Seki

3||0||||||||||||
3||0||||||||||||

Marco Brito

Marco Luiz Brito (born August 4, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

10||8||1||0||5||2||16||10
10||8||1||0||5||2||16||10

Shadows-on-the-Teche

Shadows-on-the-Teche is an old plantation house at 317 E. Main St., New Iberia, Louisiana. It was built in 1833-34. Original owners David and Mary Weeks were rich growers of sugarcane. They owned four plantations. The house is Greek Revival in style. A portico of eight columns supports a second floor verandah. The house is made of bricks. The interior was originally furnished with Federal-style and Empire-style furniture imported from the East Coast. The house was built on the edge of one of Weeks's sugarcane plantations. It was designed for social life and entertaining. The house was said to be the third brick house built on Bayou Teche.

A series of tragedies struck the Weeks family following the completion of the house. David Weeks died in August 1834. His wife married John Moore. The household was dependent on slavery. Mary and John supported secession. During the American Civil War, Federal troops occupied the property. Union officers lived in the house. Mary Weeks died in December 1863. The house was still being used by Union troops. He son restored some of the family fortune during the Reconstruction years. Succeeding generations however were forced to sell much of the property to meet living expenses.

David and Mary Weeks's great-grandson, William Weeks Hall, lived in the house from 1922 until his death in 1958. He tried to preserve what remained of the property. He made a large garden of live oak, bamboo, camellias, azaleas, and other plants. He donated the house and garden to the National Trust for Historic Preservation at his death. The Trust has owned and operated Shadows until the present. Shadows-on-the-Teche was named a National Historic Landmark on 30 May 1974. 


Kazuo Shimizu

57||2||||||||||||
57||2||||||||||||

Taichi Sato

41||5||||||||||||
41||5||||||||||||

Junji Sato

61||1||||||||||||
61||1||||||||||||

Genichi Takahashi

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Makoto Takeya

19||0||||||||||||
19||0||||||||||||

Masaaki Koido

6||0||||||||||||
6||0||||||||||||

In 2005, he joined Shimizu S-Pulse as a coach.

Daniel Carlos Silva Anjos

Daniel Carlos Silva Anjos (born 23 November 1979 is a Brazilian football player.

5||1||0||0||0||0||5||1
5||1||0||0||0||0||5||1


Aílton de Oliveira Modesto

Aílton de Oliveira Modesto (born February 27, 1980) is a former Brazilian football player.

10||2||||||||||||
10||2||||||||||||

Luiz Renato Viana da Silva

Luiz Renato Viana da Silva (born January 10, 1982) is a former Brazilian football player.

3||0||||||||||||
3||0||||||||||||

James Angulo

James Angulo Zomora (born January 20, 1974) is a former Colombian football player.

12||2||0||0||2||0||14||2
12||2||0||0||2||0||14||2

Teppei Uchida

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Alex Felipe Nery

Alex Felipe Nery (born August 14, 1975) is a former Brazilian football player.

26||3||||||||||||
26||3||||||||||||

Freitas (footballer)

Ricardo de Freitas Carreir (born January 20, 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

20||0||||||||||||
20||0||||||||||||

Vagner da Silva Sarti

Vagner da Silva Sarti (born January 9, 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

In 2001, Vagner joined Japanese J2 League club Ventforet Kofu, which had finished bottom two years in a row - in 1999 and 2000. He debuted in J2 against Shonan Bellmare on March 17. He could only play three matches, and left Ventforet in June.

3||0||||||||||||
3||0||||||||||||

Deili Custodio da Silva

Deili Custodio da Silva (born March 8, 1980) is a former Brazilian football player.

13||1||||||||||||
13||1||||||||||||

Wataru Ota

6||0||||||||||||
6||0||||||||||||

Lindomar (footballer)

Lindomar Ferreira de Oliveira (born November 20, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

3||0||||||||||||
3||0||||||||||||

Naotaka Takeda

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Takamichi Kobayashi

11||0||||||||||||
11||0||||||||||||

Masayuki Onishi

13||0||||||||||||
13||0||||||||||||

Kenji Miyazaki

22||0||0||0||0||0||22||0
22||0||0||0||0||0||22||0

Goichi Ishitani

12||0||||||||||||
12||0||||||||||||

Luciano (footballer, born 1977)

Luciano Asley Rocha Carlos (born June 19, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

31||11||||||||||||
31||11||||||||||||

Takamasa Watanabe

1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0
1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0


Shinya Yabusaki

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Nasa (footballer, born 1968)

Gesiel José de Lima, commonly known as Nasa (born December 8, 1968), is a retired association footballer who played as a midfielder for several Série A clubs.

31||6||2||0||10||0||43||6
31||6||2||0||10||0||43||6

Srđan Pecelj

Srđan Pecelj (can also be written as Srdjan Pecelj, born 12 March 1975) is a Bosnian former football defender.

He has played 5 matches for Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team, all of them part of the "Merdeka Cup" in June 2001.


Daniel Conceicao Silva

Daniel Conceicao Silva (born October 10, 1970) is a former Brazilian football player.

64||15||3||0||8||2||75||17
64||15||3||0||8||2||75||17

Toru Ojima

12||0||||||||||||
12||0||||||||||||

Nozomu Kanaguchi

25||2||||||||||||
25||2||||||||||||

Hidetoyo Watanabe

10||0||||||||||||
10||0||||||||||||

Tetsuya Nishiwaki

8||1||||||||||||
8||1||||||||||||

Tomohide Nakazawa

24||0||||||||||||
24||0||||||||||||

Silva (footballer, born 1981)

Kleber Rogerio do Carmo Silva (born April 14, 1981) is a former Brazilian football player.

16||1||0||0||16||1
16||1||0||0||16||1

Hiromasa Azuma

27||0||||||||||||
27||0||||||||||||

Masahiro Kano

67||1||||||||||||
67||1||||||||||||

Yusuke Yoshizaki

14||0||||||||||||
14||0||||||||||||

Hitoshi Matsushima

55||4||||||||||||
55||4||||||||||||

Kosuke Suzuki

7||0||||||||||||
7||0||||||||||||

Koichi Yokozeki

5||0||||||||
5||0||||||||

Shinya Hoshido

18||1||||||||||||
18||1||||||||||||

Naoki Makino

6||0||||||||||||
6||0||||||||||||

Tsuyoshi Nakao

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||

Satoru Kobayashi

118||7||5||0||3||0||126||7
118||7||5||0||3||0||126||7


Takao Yamauchi

28||1||||||||||||
28||1||||||||||||

Claudecir (footballer, born 1975)

Claudecir Aparecido de Aguiar (born October 15, 1975) is a former Brazilian football player.

8||2||0||0||0||0||8||2
8||2||0||0||0||0||8||2


Sandro da Silva

Sandro Andre da Silva (born March 5, 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

Dai Sato

10||0||0||0||2||0||12||0
10||0||0||0||2||0||12||0

Hiroyuki Takahashi

1||0||||||||||||
1||0||||||||||||


Slave breeding in the United States

Slave breeding was long a part of slavery. As in other slave countries, its purpose was to make more slaves. Slave breeding became more important in the United States the 19th century when the Atlantic slave trade ended. As with other commodities, scarcity caused the price of slaves to rise, so more slaves meant more money for their owners. Pregnancy was encouraged. Many slave masters mated with their own slaves to make more slave children. It produced mulatto children. White men who owned slaves would often rape black women. 

It was practice to breed slaves that had "good genetics". Slave owners would mate these "good genetic" slaves with multiple slave women, sometimes in orgies. These Afro-American genetically breed slaves became taller, stronger, healthier and smarter then their ancestors in Africa. For example, the average height of an Afro-American male is around 2 inches taller than their male counterparts in Africa.

For some states such as Virginia and North Carolina it was an export industry; they sold slaves to places where the price was higher, such as Alabama and Arkansas. Slave breeders favored woman slaves who could have large numbers of children. As with other livestock, breeders tried to improve the health and productivity of slaves. Breeders were approved in slave states because slaves were considered to be less than human, thus had no human rights. They were livestock, like horses or dogs. 

Meadowlawn (Alabama)

Meadowlawn is an antebellum (before the American Civil War) plantation house built in the Greek revival style. It is located in Lowndesboro, Alabama. The house is a two-story frame house with 13 fluted Doric columns on two sides. There are balconies over both main entrance doors with wrought iron railings.

Meadowlawn was built in 1853 for Squire George Thomas (1797-1867). The house was later sold to Fort Williamson. In 1905 the house was sold to Ransom Meadows (1846-1940). He was the last surviving Confederate veteran in Lowndes County. His daughter, Aline Meadows, (1880-1979) married Robert Bragg Hagood on April 3, 1907. Ransom Meadows deeded the house to the Hagoods. Mrs. Hagood named the house Meadowlawn. She lived in the house until her death at age 99. The house still remains in the Hagood family. It is a contributing property of the Lowndesboro Historic District. The District was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 1973.

Magnolia Hall (Alabama)

Magnolia Hall is a plantation house at the corner of Otts and Tutwiler streets in Greensboro, Alabama. It is also known as the McCrary-Otts House. It is a historic Greek Revival mansion. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing property to the Greensboro Historic District. It was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in March 1936.

Greensboro became prosperous as part of the cotton boom of the mid-19th century. In 1850 William Murphy, a lawyer and legislator, sold a prime lot to David F. McCrary, a prominent cotton broker and planter. McCrary had originally come from North Carolina. He married Elizabeth Cowan Lowry, daughter of a prominent Alabama family. McCrary had Murphy’s house removed. He hired the architect B. F. Parsons to design a new mansion. The house was completed in about 1855. The "Alabama Beacon" reported that the house cost $10,000. It was a very large sum at the time.

McCrary’s finances survived the American Civil War. He opened the Greensboro Bank and Exchange in 1871. His only living child and her husband inherited the property when MCCrary died in 1888. Their son and his wife bought the house from siblings in the 1920s. It stayed in the family until 1970. It was sold to Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Baines. The house was sold again in 2011.

A detailed, twelve-page building contract for Magnolia Hall still exists. It calls for porticos, north and south, each with six fluted columns, of the "Grecian Ionic Order ... the Entablature and Mouldings all to harmonize with it ... and proportioned after the order." There are double balconies of delicate iron grill work. There are colored glass transoms around the doors. Inside are large four over four rooms, 14 foot ceilings, chandelier medallions, and a grand mahogany-railed staircase in the hallway. W. E. Yerby in his "History of Greensboro" wrote that Magnolia Hall "is indisputably one of the finest antebellum mansions in Alabama ... [and] a perfect example of late Greek Revival architecture."

List of New York Rangers players

This is a list of players who have played at least one game for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1926–27 to present.


"The "Seasons" column lists the first year of the season of the player's first game and the last year of the season of the player's last game. For example, a player who played one game in the 2000–2001 season would be listed as playing with the team from 2000–2001, regardless of what calendar year the game occurred within."

"Statistics complete as of the 2015–2016 NHL season."


List of Montreal Canadiens players

This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that have played at least one regular season or playoff game for the Montreal Canadiens since the team joined the NHL in 1917. Founded in 1909 as one of the founding members of the National Hockey Association (NHA), the Montreal Canadiens were also one of the founding members of the NHL. Since the formation of the NHL, 709 different players have played with the Canadiens

As of April 3, 2008, 71 goaltenders and 638 skaters (forwards and defencemen) have appeared in at least one regular-season and/or playoff game with the Montreal Canadiens since the formation of the league in the 1917–18 NHL season. The 709 all-time members of the Canadiens are listed below, with statistics complete through the end of the 2013–14 NHL season. This list does not include members of the Montreal Canadiens while the team was a member of the NHA from 1909 until 1917.

The "Seasons" column lists the first year of the season of the player's first game and the last year of the season of the player's last game. For example, a player who played one game in the 2000–01 season would be listed as playing with the team from 2000 to 2001, regardless of what calendar year the game occurred within.

"Note: Stats are updated through to the end of the 2019–20 season"
"Note: Stats are updated through to the end of the 2016–2017 season."

Kipper the Dog

Kipper the Dog is a character in a series of books for preschool age children by a British writer, Mick Inkpen. The books consist of 34 titles (as of July 2005), which have sold over 8 million copies and have been translated into over 20 languages. The books have also won many awards. 

Kipper (the Dog) is also the name of a British animated television series based on the same characters. In some cases, the episodes are specifically based on particular stories by Mick Inkpen. The videos have won awards including a BAFTA award for best children's animation. The show was broadcast from 1997 to 2000 on CITV and Nick Jr.. It currently airs on Sprout from 2005 to 2015. It took a break for a while from CITV until it was repeat on Christmas Eve 2003 showing the 'Christmas Eve' episode and repeated for most of 2004. Kipper has not been on CITV since then. 

The show was released on VHS and DVD by HIT Entertainment, but the episodes were not in order.

Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park

Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park is a national park of Australia. It is in the Northern Territory, south-west of Alice Springs. The park surrounds the two huge rock formations after which it is named: Uluṟu (Ayers Rock) and Kata Tjuṯa (The Olgas).

Archaeological work near Uluṟu has shown that people have been in the area for at least 22,000 years. They probably moved in and out of the area depending on how much food and water there was. People started to live in the area year-round about 10,000 years ago. The native Aṉangu people were hunter-gatherers. They lived in small nomadic groups. Groupings were based on water and food supply in their area ("ngura").

The Aṉangu believe that Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa were created by ancestral spirits ("tjukuritja" or "waparitja"). This is part of their creation story, known as "tjukurpa" (the "Dreamtime"). According to the legend, the world was once blank and featureless, until there came creator beings. They travelled across the land and created rocks, rivers, trees–all living things and the landscape as it is seen today.

The Aṉangu believe that these spirits still live within the land. Each set of rocks represents a different ancestral spirit. The Aṉangu communicate (listen and feel) with the spirits by touching the rock. They do this for blessings or guidance with something. It is said that many spirits, like "kaḻaya" (emu), "liru" (poisonous snake), "lungkaṯa" (lizard) and "luuṉpa" (kingfisher), travel around the park. Other spirits only stay in one area, like "kuniya", a python who lives in the rocks at Uluṟu. The great snake king called "wanambi" is said to live at the top of Kata Tjuṯa.

There are different stories about the origin of Uluṟu. One says that it came after a great battle between ancestral spirits. The story tells that after many spirits were killed, the earth rose up in sadness, becoming Uluṟu. Another legend tells that the two serpent spirits "kuniya" and "liru" fought many wars there, putting the cracks and scars in the rock. Kata Tjuṯa is said to give knowledge that is considered very powerful and dangerous. It is only allowed to be known by men who have gone through initiation. So stories about the creation of this rock are a secret. The common idea behind all these creation stories is that places like Uluṟu are physical evidence of the activities of ancestral beings.

Aṉangu believe they are directly descended from these ancestral beings. They believe that their ancestors live within the land. Many places around the park are sacred because of this. They are bonded to the land in a kind of kinship, because the main principle of "tjukurpa" is that people and the land are connected. "Tjukurpa" is an oral tradition (not written down). It makes up the Aṉangu belief system, moral code and legal code. It is passed on through story, song, dance and art.

Europeans came to the Western Desert of Australia in the 1870s. They came in expeditions while the Overland Telegraph Line was being made. The first European explorer to the area was Ernest Giles. In 1872, Giles spotted Kata Tjuṯa from Kings Canyon and called it "Mount Olga", in honour of Queen Olga of Württemberg. He was not able to reach it, though, because his path was blocked by Lake Amadeus. The next year, another explorer named William Gosse reached Uluṟu and named it "Ayers Rock" after Sir Henry Ayers. More people explored the area over the next few years, to look for land they could use for raising livestock. They eventually left because the land was too dry. The native Aṉangu people had not had much contact with these explorers, and very few white people visited the area after this.

In March 1920, the area was made an aboriginal reserve, called the Petermann Reserve. It was meant to be a temporary refuge (safe place) for the Aṉangu. The government said they could continue their nomadic lifestyle there until they could be assimilated into white society. During the 1930s, there became more and more encounters between the natives and white people. Trading with dingo hunters (called "doggers") brought the natives food, tools and clothes they had not seen before. Many became curious about white people and their world.

During this time, more and more land around the reserve was being used for livestock. Long droughts during this time caused conflicts between the Aṉangu and farmers over things like food and water. Encounters with stockmen on nearby cattle stations were often violent. In 1934, a man was shot dead at Uluṟu by police. Aṉangu people became frightened of police and many left the area for safety. Later, some groups started to work on the stations in exchange for food. Others moved to towns because they wanted the things white people had. As a result, many people in the government believed that the reserve had failed to protect the Aṉangu lifestyle.

In the late 1930s, prospectors thought there might be gold in the area. There was a famous story of a lost gold deposit called Lasseter's Reef. The man who said he had found it had died near the Petermann Ranges in 1931, and it was said to be located somewhere in the area. In 1940, the Petermann Reserve was made smaller, so that people could look for the gold. At the same time, an interest in tourism at Uluṟu began to grow. A track for vehicles to reach Uluṟu was built from Curtin Springs in 1948. Tour groups from Alice Springs began arriving a few years later. At first, the government only allowed a few tour companies to go to the rock, because it was still part of the reserve. But demand for tourist income was growing fast. In 1951, Connellan Airways asked for an airstrip to be built next to Uluṟu, even though planes were already landing there.

In 1958, the government cut the area around Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa from the Aṉangu reserve, creating the Ayers Rock–Mt Olga National Park. It claimed that the rocks were no longer important to the natives. The new park was managed by the Territory government, which leased the land out to tour companies. Connellan built their airstrip close to the northern side of Uluṟu in 1959. Campsites and motels were built in 1967.

The Aṉangu were told not to come into the park, but they did anyway. Uluṟu was an important stopping point on travels because of the water usually located there. At first they were tolerated by the park rangers. But as the number of tourists at Uluṟu rose, there were conflicts between tourists and Aṉangu. The government then tried to move them away from the area by building the Docker River village, to the west, in 1968. Because their homeland and lifestyle had changed, the Aṉangu had to find new ways to make a living. They began selling handicrafts and artworks to tourists. Those still living at Uluṟu even opened a store, called the Ininti Store, which they leased from the government in 1972.

In 1971, Aṉangu groups met with the Office of Aboriginal Affairs, a part of the government that were in charge of looking after aboriginal people. Aṉangu people told the Office that they were worried about the effects mining and tourism were having on their land. They also said that their sacred sites were being desecrated (not being looked after properly). They asked for the government's help in protecting them.

In 1973, people from the government visited to make a report on the park. This report said that Aṉangu should be involved in the park's management. It said they could be hired as rangers, and that their sacred sites should be protected. It also advised that all the tourist facilities be moved out of the park. This was because they were having a bad effect on the environment. In 1975, the area called Yulara, to the north, was set aside for this. The airstrip was removed and rebuilt in Yulara in 1982. The resort at Yulara opened in 1983. After that, the campground and motels inside the park were closed, and everything was removed from the park by the end of 1984.

In 1976, the Aboriginal Land Rights Act was passed for the Northern Territory. It allowed native people to claim rights to own land if they lived on it before Europeans arrived, but only if the land is not already owned. The Aṉangu asked for ownership of the park's land under this law in 1979. But because it had already been made a national park, the claim was not allowed. Even so, the court decided that the Aṉangu were the "traditional" owners ("nguraṟitja") of the land.

There was then a long legal case over the freehold title (actual ownership) of the lands. The case continued until November 1983, when Prime Minister Bob Hawke acknowledged that the Aṉangu had the rights to Uluṟu. On 26 October 1985, they were given the title deeds for the park as the traditional and legal owners of the land. The Territory government protested this decision. It had made a big and expensive campaign to get support and stop it happening. In exchange for ownership, the Aṉangu had to lease the land back to the federal government so that it could stay as a national park. They started managing the park together in April 1986.

Uluru National Park was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987, as a natural property. It had already been made a Biosphere Reserve by UNESCO in 1977. This means it was an important natural environment. The name of the park changed to Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa National Park in 1993. The next year, it was added to the list again, this time as a cultural landscape. This means that it is one of the few sites in the world that is chosen for both its natural and cultural importance. The listing recognised "tjukurpa" as being the best tool for looking after the park. In 1995, Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa National Park won the highest UNESCO award for setting new standards for the management of a World Heritage site.

Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa National Park is in the southwestern corner of the Northern Territory, in the centre of Australia. It is southwest of Alice Springs. The park covers of flat, red-sand plains. The huge rock formations of Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa are the only major landmarks.

Uluṟu is an sandstone inselberg, rising above the plains around it. Most of its bulk is below the ground. Kata Tjuṯa, west of Uluṟu, is a group of 36 rock domes (or bornhardts), divided by steep-sided valleys. It covers an area of . The tallest dome, Mount Olga, is above the surrounding plain. It is the highest point in the park, at above sea level.

The only permanent settlement in the park is the Aṉangu village of Muṯitjulu. It is on the eastern side of Uluṟu, and about 350 people live there.

Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa are made of different types of sedimentary rock. Uluṟu is mostly made of arkose, a hard type of sandstone that contains a lot of the mineral feldspar. The sediment originally comes mostly from granite. Kata Tjuṯa is made of conglomerate, which consists of bits of rock that has been cemented together by sand and mud. The sediment in this rock is a mixture of granite, gneiss and basic rocks.

Even though the rock types are different, Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa are thought to be about the same age. They have both been exposed because of folding, faulting and the erosion of surrounding rock.

The park is in a geological area called the Amadeus sedimentary basin. The basin was formed about 900 million years ago. Over hundreds of millions of years, it was covered by layer after layer of sediment, until about 300 million years ago. About 550 million years ago, the mountain ranges to the south and west were pushed up out of the ground in a mountain-building event. These mountains quickly crumbled and huge chunks of sediment were pushed northward by rivers. The rivers flattened out into at least two alluvial fans. It is the remains of these alluvial fans that are seen today as Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa.

By about 500 million years ago, a shallow inland sea formed in the basin. Over many hundreds of years, sand and mud fell to the bottom of the sea, covering the alluvial deposit. This layer cemented everything together, forming the arkose over Uluṟu and the conglomerate over Kata Tjuṯa. The sea dried up between 400 and 300 million years ago. A long period of folding tilted the horizontal rock layers. The layers of Uluṟu arkose were folded to the near vertical position they are in today. The conglomerate of Kata Tjuṯa was tilted about 15 to 20 degrees from the horizontal. This means that Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa are the exposed tips of huge rock slabs that run far below the ground.

A valley was formed between the two rocks about 65 million years ago. Newer layers of sediment were added to the old ones. These were covered by the red sand that can be seen today, which was brought in by wind.

The big canyons of Kata Tjuṯa are thought to be evidence of faults that formed while the rock was being folded millions of years ago. Many years of weathering has made the faults bigger and water has eroded the rock into the valleys and domes seen today. Uluṟu has deep parallel fractures that run down its sides. These are caused by erosion, mostly from rainwater running off the domed top. The caves around the base of Uluṟu were formed by water weathering, though the exact process is still not known. Erosion of the rock is very slow, because the surface is very hard, and because there is no major jointing or parting at its base.

The bright orange-red colour of the rock surfaces comes from the oxidation (or rusting) of the iron in the arkose. When fresh (not exposed to the air), the arkose has a grey colour. Uluṟu appears to change colour at different times of the day and year. It glows a deep red colour during sunrise and sunset. The red light that comes across the sky at these times reflects off the rock, sand and clouds to make a bright glowing effect.

Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa is normally arid (dry). Most of the water in the park is under the ground. It can stay under the park for thousands of years. In the end, it all drains through the ground to Lake Amadeus in the north. Knowing where to find this underground water has always been important for human survival in the area. It is the only supply of water in the area that people can rely on. Both Muṯitjulu and Yulara get their water from ancient aquifers under the park. The water contains salt, which is removed before it is used. The aquifers being refilled depends on rare major rains, normally happening every ten years or so.

There are no proper watercourses in the park. Creek beds and gullies are mostly found in the valleys around Kata Tjuṯa. These are usually dry, except after heavy rains, but water can stay under the sand for months. The soils in the park contain high levels of clay, which stops water from soaking into the ground too quickly. The only lasting surface water in the park is Muṯitjulu Waterhole (""), at the base of Uluṟu. It has many waterholes (pockets of water) that have formed by rain running off the rock down its fracture lines. They are the only lasting spots of water above the ground for hundreds of kilometres in any direction. They normally have some water in them for the whole year.

Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa has a mostly dry climate. Rainfall is usually low, very hard to predict. The park gets an average of of rain per year, but each year can be very different. Rain is most common between November and March. Droughts are common and can be very long. The most rain recorded in one year was in 1974. The least amount was in 1965. The year 1965 was also the end of the longest drought that has been recorded here, which lasted six and a half years. Major rainfalls (periods with lots of rain) are rare, happening about every ten years. They are very important for refilling the groundwater supply and can put a lot of life into the ecosystems. The last major rainfall was in 2009, which got of rain.

The average relative humidity is a lot lower than in coastal areas. It normally lowers as the temperature rises. The average rate of evaporation per year is high at about . The levels of UV on most summer days reach between 11 and 15.

As in most arid inland areas, the days are very hot and the nights are very cold. The months between October and March have an average of 43 days where the temperature is above 40°C. The highest temperature recorded in the park was 47°C in December 1993. In winter, the temperature overnight often falls below freezing (0°C). The average temperature range for winter months is 14–30°C. The lowest temperature recorded in the park was –5°C in July 1976.

The Aṉangu say the park has five seasons:

The park is ranked as one of the most important arid land ecosystems in the world. It is one of 15 biosphere reserves in Australia under UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere system. The landscape looks quite barren, but is actually a complex ecosystem with many forms of life. Plants and animals have adapted to the area's extreme conditions. As a result, it supports some of the most unusual flora and fauna on the planet.

Much of the park land is made up of flat plains dotted with many kinds of spinifex grasses. There are also large areas of sand dunes, rocky scrubland and open woodland. The gullies and creek lines that fan out from the rock formations form their own unique habitats, because of the concentration of water in the ground there.

The park is managed jointly (together) by the Aṉangu and Parks Australia. Parks Australia is the government body that looks after national parks in Australia. It is a part of the Department of the Environment. The Aṉangu own the land, and lease it to the government. The lease began in 1985 and lasts for 99 years. Decisions are made by the Board of Management, a group of people. Under the lease terms, the Aṉangu always hold a majority on the management board. There are 12 people on the board.
The Director of National Parks is the only permanent seat. All the others sit for five years, and then new people are chosen. All choices have to be approved by the Aṉangu. The staff that work in the park every day are from Parks Australia. This team is overseen by a general park manager, who reports to the Director.

"Tjukurpa", the Aṉangu legal code, makes up the basis for the park's management. It says how to deal with problems, and sets penalties for people who break the rules. The Aṉangu have used the Australian legal system to enforce "tjukurpa" and protect their sacred values. Sacred sites are registered under Territory law; it is against the law for visitors to enter them. Laws also protect traditional designs from being copied. Aṉangu have the right to forage and hunt in the park.




George Willis

George Willis, MD JP (1828-1898) was a British medical doctor and politician.

Willis was born in County Cavan, Ireland. He earned his medical degree at the University of Glasgow in 1850.

He was the elder brother of Dr. William Willis who taught medicine at the University of Tokyo and founded the medical school at the University of Kagoshima.

He was one of the founders of the Monmouth Hospital and Dispensary at Monmouth in Wales. 

He was three times elected mayor of Monmouth.

Death row

Death row is a place where people convicted of bad things go to be executed using different methods. Some are lethal injection or a gas chamber, or even an electric chair. Death row is often known as capital punishment because many years ago, people who were convicted of really bad things such as killing were executed by being hanged, drawn and quartered, firing squad, gas chamber, guillotine, or shooting.

Gas chamber is a tool used to kill somebody by breathing in the gas and choking to death.

Guillotine is a tool that was used long before other tools were created. It is an object designed to cut off the head of a person by dropping a cutting tool that is controlled by a pulling object.

Firing squad is a killing method used in the early 1900s, including World War II. The method is used when army officers shoot a person to death. 

The electric chair is a tool that is still used now. It is a chair with electricity flowing through it designed to shock a person and kill them in minutes.

Lethal injection is a killing method that is also used to this day. It is made to inject a person with one or more drugs that will kill them in minutes, or even seconds if the drugs are very bad, or a large dose is given.


Animation Domination

Animation Domination is a group of television shows that is shown on Fox. It began on September 11, 2005 and airs on Sunday nights. In Canada, it is known as "Animation Rules". It airs from 7 to 10 PM when "The OT" is not on, when "The OT" is airing, "Animation Domination" is broadcast from 8 to 10 PM, unless the NFL game runs for longer, which might cause the block not to air until the following week.

Animation Domination started on May 1, 2005 with back-to-back episodes of "The Simpsons", "Family Guy" then "American Dad!" (created with the block).



It airs in Australia on Fox8, and on other Fox channels in Italy, Portugal and Spain, putting it in their own languages.

Fox announced plans to air a late Saturday night block of adult animation (11pm-12:30am ET/PT), which would compete with "Saturday Night Live" on NBC and replace reruns of their programming. It is by Nick Weidenfeld, who used to be at Adult Swim. It launched in January 2013.



William Willis

William Willis (1837–1894) was a British medical doctor and professor at the University of Tokyo.

Willis was born in Ireland in 1837. He was awarded his medical degree at the University of Edinburgh in 1859.

He was the younger brother of Dr. George Willis of Monmouth in Wales.

In 1861, Willis became the doctor of the British legation in Edo, Japan in 1861.

In 1869, Willis was named professor and head of the medical school at the Tokyo Imperial University.

In 1870, Willis became head of the hospital at Kagoshima. He founded the medical school at the University of Kagoshima.

Willis returned to the United Kingdom in 1881. He practiced in Wales with his brother until 1885.


Ernani

Ernani is an Italian opera in four acts by Giuseppe Verdi, with a libretto by Francesco Maria Piave, based on Victor Hugo's play "Hernani". It was first performed in Venice, on March 9, 1844. 



La forza del destino

La forza del destino (The Force of Destiny) is an Italian opera in four acts by Giuseppe Verdi, with a libretto by Francesco Maria Piave and later Antonio Ghislanzoni, based on Angel de Saavedra Ramirez de Baquedano's "Don Alvaro o la Fuerza del Sino". It was first performed in Saint Petersburg, Russia, on November 10, 1862, A revised version was performed in Milan, on February 27, 1869. One of Verdi's richest "middle-period" works, with one of the finest of all operatic overtures. 




Mirella Freni

Mirella Freni (February 27, 1935 – 9 February 2020) was an Italian soprano, one of the leading lyric sopranos of her era. She had a beautiful and well-schooled voice and a charming stage presence. 

Born Mirella Fregni, in Modena, Italy, she studied at the Bologna Music Conservatory with Ettore Campogalliani. She made her debut in her hometown in 1955, as Micaela in "Carmen". That same year, she married pianist Leone Magiera, with whom she had a daughter, whom she called Micaela.

After winning the Viotto vocal competition in 1957, she sang with the Netherlands Opera, then was invited at the Glyndebourne Festival, and the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in 1961. She made her debut at La Scala in Milan in 1962. Her New York Metropolitan Opera debut came in 1965, as Mimi in "La bohème", a role she will remain closely associated with throughout her career. She then sang at most of the great operatic centers ot the world, such as Paris, Chicago, Salzburg, etc.

She began her career by singing soubrette roles, such as Susanna, Zerlina, Adina, Nanetta, etc., and then moved to more lyric roles such as Mimi, Marguerite, Juliet, etc., and eventually more dramatic roles such as Violetta, Amelia, Desdemona, Cio-Cio-San, Tosca, Medea, Wally, Maddalena, Giulia etc., with equal success. 

After her divorce from Magiera, she married Bulgarian bass Nicolai Ghiaurov in 1981.

Freni died on 9 February 2020 in Modena after suffering multiple strokes and a degenerative disease, aged 84.



Rachel Crow

Rachel Crow (born January 21, 1998) is an American singer, actress, and comedienne. She has been on many television programs, including "Brain Surge", "Inside Edition", and "The Wendy Williams Show". In 2012, she was in the comedy series "".


Rachel McAdams

Rachel Anne McAdams (born November 17, 1978) is a Canadian actress. She was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2006. 

She was born in London, Ontario and grew up in St. Thomas, Ontario. 

She had major roles in "The Hot Chick", "Mean Girls", "The Notebook", "Wedding Crashers", "Red Eye", "The Family Stone", "State of Play", "The Time Traveler's Wife", "Sherlock Holmes", "Morning Glory", "Midnight in Paris", "The Vow" "About Time and ."

Big Momma's House

Big Momma's House is an American crime comedy movie, made in 2000. It was directed by Raja Gosnell. It stars Martin Lawrence as the main character, "Malcolm Turner", and Nia Long as "Sherry Pierce".

The storyline is about an FBI named Malcom Turner going undercover as an elderly woman called Hattie Mae "Big Momma" Pierce (Sherry's grandmother). Sherry decided to stay her grandmother's house while her grandmother is out of town. His job is to protect Sherry after her violent ex-boyfriend is released from prison.

It had two sequels: Big Momma's House 2 (2006) and (2011).


Cape Henry Light

The Cape Henry Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Virginia. It is near Virginia Beach, Virginia. For a long time, it has been important for the large amount of shipping entering the Chesapeake Bay from the Atlantic Ocean. The first building was the first lighthouse authorized by the U.S. government. It was built in 1792. The lighthouse was also the first federal construction project under the Constitution. It was expected to cost $15,200 to build. Another $2,500 was needed to finish the lighthouse. A second lighthouse was built in 1881 a short distance away. It was built because people were worried the first building was not stable.

The Cape Henry Lighthouse was the first work of the new U.S. Federal government. It was built of stone by John McComb, Jr.. The building was finished in October, 1792. McComb was one of the architects that helped build New York City Hall. He also designed other lighthouses. The lighthouse's design was based on the 1767 Cape Henlopen Light. The lighthouse was damaged by Confederate forces during the American Civil War. It was repaired by Union forces in 1863. Union forces needed the light for navigation. In the 1870s, people worried about the condition and safety of the old lighthouse at Cape Henry. Because of this, the New Cape Henry Lighthouse was built in 1881. The new lighthouse is southeast of the old lighthouse. The old tower was not destroyed. It is still standing. The old lighthouse is still a daymark used for triangulation. The lighthouse was fully automated in 1983.

In 1798, Benjamin Latrobe visited Cape Henry Lighthouse and described it as "an octangular truncated pyramid of eight sides, rising 90 feet to the light..." The Old Cape Henry Lighthouse is 26 feet in diameter at its base and 16 feet at its top. It was built with Aquia Creek sandstone. The sandstone came from the same source as the White House.

The new lighthouse is tall. It was built of cast iron and wrought iron. It also has a more powerful light.

Preservation Virginia took control of the older lighthouse in 1930. Preservation Virginia was known as the Association for the Preservation of Virginia Antiquities at the time. A brick lining and an iron stairway have been added to the lighthouse. The lighthouse is open to the public. It was made a National Historic Landmark on January 29, 1964. In 2002 the American Society of Civil Engineers listed the lighthouse a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
The lighthouses are located in the city of Virginia Beach within the boundaries of Joint Expeditionary Base East, a Navy base. The Cape Henry Memorial is next to the lighthouses.


Washington Irving

Washington Irving was an American writer. He was born in New York City on April 3, 1783. He began his literary career writing humorous newspaper sketches. He edited magazines. He went to Europe on family matters as a young man. He remained there for 17 years. He served as the United States ambassador to Spain from 1842 to 1846. He wrote biographies. He regarded his 5-volume life of George Washington as his masterpiece. He died in his home, Sunnyside, in Tarrytown, New York on November 28, 1859.

Irving and his contemporary James Fenimore Cooper were America's first internationally acclaimed authors. Irving encouraged American authors and supported stronger copyright laws. He is best known today for two short stories: "Rip Van Winkle" and "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow". They have been adapted to the stage, to television, and to animated and live-action movies.

The Chicago community area Irving Park is named after him.


Sunnyside (Tarrytown, New York)

Sunnyside is a house in Tarrytown, New York. It was once the home of American writer Washington Irving. He wrote many books, but he is best known for the short stories "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" and "Rip Van Winkle". Irving bought the property on June 7, 1835 for $1,800. He described it to his brother as "a beautiful spot, capable of being made a little paradise ... I have had an architect up there, and shall build upon the old mansion this summer. My idea is to make it a little nookery somewhat in the Dutch style, quaint, but unpretending. It will be of stone." In its day, Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. said that Sunnyside stood "next to Mount Vernon, the best known and most cherished of all the dwellings in our land." The public interest in the home drew several gawkers hoping to catch a glimpse of Irving working. Irving died of a heart attack in his bedroom at Sunnyside on November 28, 1859. Irving's descendants lived in the house until 1945. In that year, John D. Rockefeller, Jr. bought it. He opened the house to tourists in 1947. Sunnyside is now a museum. An admission fee is charged. The house contains furniture that once belonged to Irving. Sunnyside became a National Historic Landmark in 1962.

The Legend of Sleepy Hollow

"The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" is a short story by Washington Irving. The story was published in 1820 in a collection of Irving's literary pieces called "The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent." The story was one of the first fictional works by an American author to become popular outside the United States. Adaptations include Walt Disney's animated movie "The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad" of 1949 and, more recently, Tim Burton's "Sleepy Hollow" of 1999 starring Johnny Depp.

A lanky school teacher named Ichabod Crane arrives in the village of Sleepy Hollow. He is very superstitious. He falls in love with pretty Katrina Van Tassel (and her father's large farm).

Katrina has a suitor though. His name is Brom Bones. Brom is a rowdy and boisterous young man. He does not like Ichabod. He does not like Ichabod hovering about Katrina.

One autumn night after a party at the Van Tassel's, Ichabod sets off for home alone. He thinks he sees the Headless Horseman, a dead soldier of the Revolution whose head was blown off by a cannon ball. His ghost haunts the countryside in search of his head.

He chases Ichabod. Ichabod is terrified and runs away. He is never seen again. Villagers find Ichabod's hat, saddle, and a smashed Jack-o'-lantern. Whenever the story is told, Brom gives a knowing wink. It is implied that he frightened away his rival by posing as the Headless Horseman.


George Li

George Li (Chinese: 黎卓宇, Pinyin: Lí zhuōyǔ), born August 24, 1995 in Boston, Massachusetts, is a Chinese-American pianist.

Li has been performing since he was nine years old, and is known as a recitalist, a chamber musician, and a soloist with orchestra. At the age of eleven, he played at New York's Carnegie Hall. The performance was featured in the new TV series by NPR, "From the Top".

Li won first prizes in the Massachusetts Music Teachers Association state competitions at the age of 6 and 7. In 2005, Li won second prizes in both the Virginia Waring International Piano Competition and the Cincinnati World Piano Competition at the age of nine. 

In 2008, Li won the second prize in the Gina Bachauer International Piano Junior Artist Competition. In 2010, Li won the first prize in the Cooper International Piano Competition Li has also won the first prize in the Young Concert Artists International Auditions.

On June 7, 2011, Li played for Barack Obama and his wife Michelle Obama, and German Chancellor Dr. Angela Merkel and her husband Dr. Joachim Sauer at a state dinner in the White House Rose Garden. On June 23, 2011, Li was one of the two recipients of the 2012 Gilmore Young Artist Award. He is currently the youngest person who got the award.

Li lives in Lexington, Massachusetts. He is a student of Walnut Hill School and the New England Conservatory Preparatory School, where he learns with Wha Kyung Byun. Li's previous piano teachers include Dorothy Shi (杨镜钏) and Yin Chengzong (殷承宗).


Yin Chengzong

Yin Chengzong (Chinese: 殷承宗, Pinyin: Yīn Chéngzōng) (born 1941 in Gulangyu Island, Xiamen, Fujian, China) is a Chinese pianist and composer. He is famous for composing the Yellow River Piano Concerto he arranged based on the Yellow River Cantata. 

Fou Ts'ong

Fou Ts'ong (; 10 March 1934 – 28 December 2020) was a Chinese-born British pianist. He was perhaps best known for winning third prize and the Special Mazurka prize at the International Chopin Competition at Warsaw. He was born in Shanghai.

Fou died of COVID-19 on 28 December 2020 in London, aged 86.

Kipper (disambiguation)

Kipper may refer to:


Philipp Kohlschreiber

Philipp Eberhard Hermann Kohlschreiber (born 16 October 1983 in Augsburg) is a German tennis player. He turned professional in 2001. , his highest ranking has been number 16 in the world.


Murray Perahia

Murray Perahia KBE (born April 19, 1947) is an American pianist and conductor. 

Murray Perahia was born in New York City to a family of Sephardi Jewish origin. According to the biography on his Mozart piano sonatas CD, his first language was Judaeo-Spanish. The family was from Thessaloniki, Greece. His father moved to the United States in 1935. 

In 1965, Perahia won the Young Concert Artists International Auditions. In 1972, he was the first North American to win first prize at the Leeds Piano Competition.

Seventh International Schumann Festival

Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance

Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Soloist Performance (without orchestra)

The General Strike

The General Strike is a 2012 album by American punk rock band Anti-Flag. It is their 9th album.





Études (Chopin)

The Études by Polish composer Frédéric Chopin are three sets of études for piano. 

Chopin's "Études" (studies) are some of the hardest pieces of all the works in concert piano repertoire. Because of this, the music remain famous and are often played at concerts. Some of them have been given nicknames (but not by Chopin himself) - for example, the last "Étude" from Op. 10 has been called the "Revolutionary" because it was inspired by the November 1830 Uprising, when the Poles were defeated by the Russian Empire.

All twenty-seven "Études" were published during Chopin's lifetime; Opus 10, the first group of twelve were written between 1829 and 1832, and were published in 1833, in France, Germany, and England. The twelve "Études" of Opus 25 were composed at various times between 1832 and 1836, and were published in the same countries in 1837. The final three, part of a series called "Méthode des méthodes de piano" compiled by Moscheles and Fétis, were composed in 1839 but with no opus number.

The first "Études" of the Opus 10 set were written when Chopin was still in his teens. Chopin's "Études" elevated the musical form from purely utilitarian exercises to great artistic masterpieces. At a concert in which Chopin performed his opus 25, Robert Schumann said ""À la Chopin"".

Mono Lake Tufa State Reserve

The Mono Lake Tufa State Reserve is a nature reserve near Yosemite National Park within "Mono County", California. This reserve was founded in 1981 by the California State Legislature, to protect the formations of the natural limestone "Tufa" at Mono Lake.

Lev Ivanov

Lev Ivanovich Ivanov (1834-1901) was a Russian ballet dancer and choreographer. He became Second Balletmaster of the Imperial Ballet. Ivanov is credited with choreographing "The Nutcracker" in 1892 due to the ill health of Ballet Master Marius Petipa. The extent of his work is disputed. Only Petipa's name appeared on posters for the first production. Ivanov also worked with Petipa on a restaging of "Swan Lake"in 1895. He choreographed Acts 2 and 4, and the Italian and Hungarian dances in Act 3. Other ballets choreographed by Ivanov as the Second Balletmaster to Petipa include "The Enchanted Forest" (1887), and "The Tulip of Haarlem" (1887). Ivanov is credited with the choreography for the "Polovetsian Dances" in the first production of Borodin's "Prince Igor" in 1890. Late in life, Ivanov petitioned the Imperial Theatres for financial assistance on the strength of his 50 years of service. He died in poverty.




Arthur Ashe

Arthur Robert Ashe, Jr. (July 10, 1943 – February 6, 1993) was an American tennis player. He started playing tennis professionally in 1969. He won three singles Grand Slam titles: the US Open in 1968, the Australian Open in 1970 and Wimbledon in 1975. He won two Grand Slam doubles titles: the French Open in 1971 and the Australian Open in 1977. Arthur Ashe was ranked no 1. for being the best tennis player, the first African American to be number one. He retired in 1980. Arthur Ashe raised awareness about HIV and AIDs. He also was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1993.

Ashe was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia. He died of AIDS in New York City. 


Italian Concerto

The "Italian" Concerto (or, Concerto in the Italian style) is a piece of music for harpsichord composed by Johann Sebastian Bach. It was published in 1735 with the "French Overture" in the second volume of Bach's (English: "Keyboard Practice"). Both pieces are Bach's interpretations of popular musical forms of the day. The "Italian Concerto" is a three-movement composition written specifically for a two-manual harpsichord (see image).

The first movement is written in F major. It has a time signature of 2/4, but has no tempo marking. It is always played Allegro (fast). The second movement is written in D minor. Its time signature is 3/4, and its tempo marking is Andante (slow). The third movement is written in F major. Its time signature is cut-time (2/2), and its tempo is marked Presto (very fast). The first and third movements are composed in "ritornello" style. This means a theme particular to the movement returns time and again. The second movement is a very florid arioso-like piece.

An orchestral Italian concerto relies upon contrasts between the full orchestra and a small group of instruments which act as soloists. Bach achieves this effect by using the lower manual on the harpsichord as the "full orchestra" and the upper manual as the "small group of instruments".


Steps (group)

Steps are a British vocal pop group who formed in 1997. The members of the quintet are Lee Latchford-Evans, Claire Richards, Lisa Scott-Lee, Faye Tozer and Ian "H" Watkins. Steps have released four albums. They released their first single "5,6,7,8" in 1997. 


Falstaff

Sir John Falstaff is a fictional character who appears in three plays by William Shakespeare. In two of the "Henry IV" plays, he is a friend of Prince Hal, the man who becomes King Henry V. 

Falstaff is very fat. He thinks he is very important and is always boasting. He is also a coward. Falstaff makes Prince Hal get into trouble. When Hal becomes king Falstaff is rejected.

Falstaff is a comic figure, but Shakespeare makes him say some things which tell us a lot about human nature. For example: before a battle in "Henry IV" he explains that his cowardice is actually common sense, because honour in battle is not really worth anything. Honour would not stop other people saying he was a coward and it would not help him if he got injured.

Falstaff also appears in "The Merry Wives of Windsor".

Shakespeare’s character inspired several musicians to compose music about him. Carl Otto Nicolai wrote an opera called "Die lustigen Weiber von Windsor" (1849). Verdi’s wrote an opera Falstaff based on the same play. It is often thought to be Verdi’s greatest opera. Ralph Vaughan Williams wrote an opera called "Sir John in Love", (1924–1928). Elgar wrote a brilliant piece for orchestra called “Falstaff” which he called: “a symphonic study”.

It is likely that Shakespeare based the character of Falstaff on a real person. Many ideas have been discussed but no one can be sure who Shakespeare may have had in mind.

Laura Linney

Laura Leggett Linney (born February 5, 1964) is an American actress. She has acted in movies, on television and theater. She won a Golden Globe Award for playing Abigail Adams in "John Adams". She is best known for playing the central role of Cathy Jamison in "The Big C", for which she won a Golden Globe Award.

She was born in Manhattan, New York City. She is the elder daughter of Romulus Linney (1930-2011). 

Sammy Davis Jr.

Sammy Davis Jr. (December 8, 1925 – May 16, 1990) was an American singer, dancer, actor, comedian, film producer and television director.entertainer. He was born in Harlem, New York City. Davis became hugely successful as a stage singer and recording artist and when asked to play at segregated places (where African-Americans were not allowed) he refused. Because of this some popular venues began to allow African-Americans to attend just so they could have Daver popular black musicians play. Before that black singers like Davis and Nat King Cole could play at the hot and casinos but not stay or gamble there.

Davis led an unhealthy lifestyle of drinking, smoking and c of the most popular musicians and actors of the time. He converted to Judaism while in the hospital in 1954 and 1955. He was also a member of the Rat Pack with friends Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin.

The Kennedy Center honored Davis in 1987.

Davis died of throat cancer in Beverly Hills, California.


Lang Lang

Lang Lang (Chinese: 郎朗, Pinyin: Láng Lǎng), born June 14, 1982, in Shenyang, Liaoning, China, is a Chinese pianist. He has played with the best orchestras in Europe, the United States and his native China. He is very famous around the world for his concert performances, television appearances, albums and soundtracks. Lang has done much to encourage children and young musicians to like classical music, especially through the international foundation he created in New York in 2008.

Lang Lang, which means "brilliance of the sky", was born in Shenyang, China, and is of Manchu ethnicity. His father Lang Guoren (郎国任) is also a musician, who plays the erhu. At the age of two, Lang watched the "Tom and Jerry" episode "The Cat Concerto" which features the Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2 by Franz Liszt. According to Lang, this first contact with Western music is what wanted him to learn piano. He began lessons with Professor Zhu Ya-Fen at age three. At the age of five, he won first place at the Shenyang Piano Competition and played his first public recital.

Lang was later admitted into Beijing's Central Conservatory of Music where he studied under Professor Zhao Ping-Guo. In 1993, he won the Xing Hai Cup Piano Competition in Beijing and, in 1994, got first prize at the fourth International Competition for Young Pianists in Ettlingen, Germany. In 1995, at 13 years old, he played the Op. 10 and Op. 25 études by Chopin at the Beijing Concert Hall and, the same year, got first place at the International Tchaikovsky Competition for Young Musicians in Japan, playing Chopin's Piano Concerto No. 2 with the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra in a concert broadcast by NHK Television. When 14, he was a featured soloist at the China National Symphony's inaugural concert, which was broadcast by China Central Television and attended by President Jiang Zemin. The following year he began studies with Gary Graffman and Dick Doran at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia.

Lang has won lots of Awards and has been seen by millions of television viewers throughout the world. He appeared in Time Magazine's 2009 list of the 100 Most Influential People in the World. In 2008, the Recording Academy named him their Cultural Ambassador to China. More recently, Lang Lang has been chosen as an official worldwide ambassador to the 2010 Shanghai Expo. The United Nations' Children's Fund (UNICEF) chose Lang Lang as an International Goodwill Ambassador in 2004. The Chinese government also recognized his achievement by selecting him as a vice-president of the All-China Youth Federation.

Lang said that his mission is to share classical music around the world, and to train children and young musicians through education. The Financial Times noted that he is "evangelical in his efforts to spread the popularity of classical music." In October 2008, he launched the Lang Lang International Music Foundation in New York with the support of the Grammys and UNICEF. In May 2009, Lang Lang and his three chosen scholars from the foundation, aged between 8 and 10 years old, performed together on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in connection with her search for the world's "smartest and most talented kids."

In June 2011, Lang Lang became a global ambassador for Telefónica.

Erhu

The erhu (二胡; pinyin: èrhú) is a two-stringed bowed musical instrument which may also be called a "southern fiddle", and sometimes known in the Western world as the "Chinese violin" or a "Chinese two-stringed fiddle". It is used as a solo instrument as well as in small ensembles and big orchestras. It is the most popular of the huqin family of bowed string instruments used by various ethnic groups of China. The erhu is used in both traditional and contemporary music arrangements, such as in pop, rock, jazz, etc.

Billie Jean

"Billie Jean" is a song by American singer Michael Jackson. It is a song on his 1982 album, "Thriller". The song was released as a single on January 2, 1983. "Billie Jean" was one of many hits by the singer. It was number one on the Billboard Hot 100. At the 1984 Grammy Awards, Jackson was given awards for Best R&B Song and Best R&B Male Vocal Performance for the song. In 2008, Kanye West remixed the song for "Thriller 25". This was a new version of "Thriller" made for its 25th anniversary.

Evgeny Kissin

Evgeny Igorevitch Kissin ( "Yevgeniy Igorevich Kisin"; born in Moscow, 10 October 1971) is an Israeli-Russian-British pianist. He has been an Israeli citizen since 2013. He is famous for his playing of the works of the Romantic repertoire, such as Frédéric Chopin and Franz Liszt.


3. Evgeny Kissin's fanpage on Facebook

Camryn Manheim

Camryn Manheim (born March 8, 1961) is an American actress. She is best known for her role in the television show "The Practice". She also acted in movies, mostly independent movies. She was in the 1997 movie Romy and Michele's High School Reunion. She also acted in "Ghost Whisperer".

Inflow

An inflow is a river that leads to a lake or some other body of water. The inflow gives the lake a supply of water. If lakes have no way of getting water added to them, they will eventually dry up through evaporation. 

Some lakes are big enough that they can stay full through rain instead of inflows. An example of such a lake is the Great Salt Lake in Utah.

Fox Entertainment Group

Fox Entertainment Group was an American entertainment company. It owns places that movies are produced, television networks and others. It is named after William Fox.







Sexy Bitch

"Sexy Bitch" (renamed "Sexy Chick" whenever censored) is a hit song by David Guetta. Akon sings in it. The single was released during 2009. There are several music videos for this song. It was written by Giorgio Tuinfort, Aliaune Thiam, David Guetta, Jean-Claude Sindres and Sandy Vee.

Steinway &amp; Sons

Steinway & Sons, also known as Steinway, () is an American-German piano company. It was founded in 1853 in Manhattan, New York City, the United States, by German piano builder Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg (later known as Henry E. Steinway). The employees at Steinway were mostly German immigrants. The company's growth led to the opening of a factory in Queens, New York City, the United States, and a factory in Hamburg, Germany. The factory in Queens supplies the Americas and the factory in Hamburg supplies the rest of the world.

Steinway is a prominent piano company making pianos of high quality. Many inventions within piano development have been made at the Steinway factories. Steinway has been granted 126 patents in piano making – the first patent was granted in 1857. The company's share of the high-end grand piano market is over 80 percent.

Steinway pianos have got many awards. One of the first is a gold medal in 1855 at the American Institute Fair at the New York Crystal Palace. From 1855 to 1862, Steinway pianos got 35 gold medals. Many awards and recognitions followed, for example three medals at the world's fair of 1867 in Paris. The European part of the company holds a royal warrant of appointment to Queen Elizabeth II.

Steinway pianos are made at the factories in Hamburg and Queens. In addition to the flagship Steinway piano line, Steinway markets two cheaper brands of piano. They are sold under the secondary brand names "Boston" and "Essex". The Boston brand is for the mid-level market and the Essex brand is for the entry-level market. Boston and Essex pianos are designed by Steinway engineers. To take advantage of lower costs of part production and labor, they are made in Asia by other piano makers under the supervision of Steinway employees.



Lamian

Lamian () is a type of Chinese noodle. It is made by stretching and folding the dough into strands. The twisting and later stretching of the strips of dough happens because of the weight of the dough. The strands can be made in many lengths and thicknesses depending on how many times it is stretched and folded. The "Songshi yangsheng bu" (宋氏養生部), which was written by Song Xu around 1504, has the earliest description of how to make lamian.

Literally, lamian means "pulled noodles" (the Chinese word "la" (拉) means to pull, which is how the dough is made into long thin noodles, mian (面)). Lamian dishes are usually served in beef or mutton soup. Sometimes the noodles can be stir-fried (chaomian (炒面)) and served with a tomato-like sauce.

Gullah Gullah Island

Gullah Gullah Island was an American children's television series that features Gullah culture. It was on Nick Jr. from July 6, 1994 to January 9, 1998, with reruns from January 10, 1998 to their 9th birthday. It starred Ron Daise and his wife Natalie Daise. It was the first show designed for preschoolers to feature a black family. It was created by Maria Perez-Brown, Kathleen Minton Capano, and Kit Laybourne. It had 3 seasons and 78 episodes.


It show on aired broadcasting from Nickelodeon and Nick Jr to October 1994 to until 1998

Inventions and Sinfonias (Bach)

The Inventions and Sinfonias (1720; revised 1723) are 30 pieces of keyboard music (15 each in sinfonia and invention) composed by Johann Sebastian Bach. They are sometimes known as the Two and Three Part Inventions. Bach arranged the two groups of pieces in order of ascending key. Each group covers the eight major and seven minor keys. Bach wrote them as exercises and study pieces for his 12 year old son, Wilhelm Friedemann Bach. The 1720 versions are found in the boy's "Little Keyboard Book" of 1722. The invention and sinfonias are often used as preparation for two volumes of Bach's "The Well-Tempered Clavier".

Bach wrote in the preface to the printed edition of the "Inventions and Sinfonias": "Honest method, by which the amateurs of the keyboard – especially, however, those desirous of learning – are shown a clear way not only (1) to learn to play cleanly in two parts, but also, after further progress, (2) to handle three obligate parts correctly and well; and along with this not only to obtain good inventions (ideas) but to develop the same well; above all, however, to achieve a cantabile style in playing and at the same time acquire a strong foretaste of composition."

All of these sinfonias are played by Randolph Hokanson.



List of Joan of Arcadia episodes

This is a list of the episodes of the CBS television serial Joan of Arcadia.

Piano Sonata No. 1 (Mozart)

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Piano Sonata No. 1 in C major, K 279 (189d) (1774) is a sonata in three movements:

It takes about 14 minutes to play the entire sonata.

List of Detroit Red Wings players

The Detroit Red Wings are a professional ice hockey team based in Detroit, Michigan. They are members of the Atlantic Division of the National Hockey League's (NHL) Eastern Conference. The Red Wings franchise has been a part of the NHL since 1926, making them one of the "Original Six" clubs. Originally named the Detroit Cougars, the team was renamed to the Detroit Falcons in 1930; in 1932, the team's name was changed to the Detroit Red Wings and has remained the same since. As of the conclusion of the 2014–15 NHL season, 897 players have played for the franchise; of them, 91 of them are goaltenders, while 806 are skaters.

Since its creation, the team has had 36 captains, including Hall of Famers Sid Abel, Ted Lindsay and Red Kelly. Six players have had the honor of having their jersey number officially retired from play; one of them is Steve Yzerman, who played for the Red Wings from 1983 to 2006, and was the longest-serving captain in North American major league sports, with a tenure of 19 years. Yzerman led his team to three Stanley Cups and was the recipient of several awards, including the Lester B. Pearson Award and Lester Patrick Trophy for his outstanding play and contributions to the sport. Thirty-five other players have been inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.

As of the conclusion of the 2010–11 NHL season, the Red Wings have made the Stanley Cup playoffs for 20 consecutive seasons, the longest post-season streak for a single team in all of North American major professional sports. Gordie Howe holds the franchise records for the most points (with 1809) and for the most goals (with 786). Howe was a member of a Stanley Cup-winning team four times, all with the Red Wings. As of the conclusion of the 2010–11 season, 869 players have played for the franchise; of them, 89 of them are goaltenders, while 780 are skaters.

 Won the Stanley Cup with the Red Wings

"Statistics are complete to the end of the 2016–17 NHL season."

!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#CFECEC;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" style="background:#cfecec;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" style="background:#CFECEC;" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |
!scope="row" |




List of NHL players (A)

This is a list of National Hockey League (NHL) players who have played at least one game in the NHL from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with "A".

List of NHL players (B)

This is a list of National Hockey League (NHL) players who have played at least one game in the NHL from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with "B".

List of Sagan Tosu players

This is a List of Sagan Tosu players. Sagan Tosu is a Japanese professional football club in Tosu on the island of Kyushu.




List of NHL players (C)

This is a list of National Hockey League (NHL) players who have played at least one game in the NHL from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with "C".

List of Albirex Niigata players

The List of Albirex Niigata players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Albirex Niigata is a Japanese professional football club in Niigata.




The Nightingale (Andersen)

"The Nightingale" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. It was published in 1844 in Andersen's "New Fairy Tales" "(Nye Eventyr)" with "The Angel", "The Sweethearts", and "The Ugly Duckling". The critics liked these stories. Andersen's inspiration for "The Nightingale" was Tivoli Gardens, an amusement park with Chinese decorations in Copenhagen which opened in the summer of 1843. Another inspiration was Jenny Lind, a Swedish opera singer. Andersen was infatuated with her. She was known as the "Swedish Nightingale". Andersen began writing the tale on 11 October 1843 and completed it within 24 hours.

The nightingale is the best thing of all in the lands of the Emperor of China. The Emperor orders one brought to him. The bird charms him with her song. One day the Emperor of Japan sends the Emperor of China a mechanical bird decorated with jewels. The toy is wound up. Its song delights the Emperor. He neglects the real nightingale. She flies away to the forest. The toy bird breaks down. The Emperor becomes deathly ill. The nightingale returns to the palace. She sings and Death departs. The Emperor recovers.



List of Avispa Fukuoka players

The List of Avispa Fukuoka players is evolving.

Avispa Fukuoka is a Japanese professional football club in Hakata ward of Fukuoka.




List of NHL players (J)

This is a list of National Hockey League (NHL) players who have played at least one game in the NHL from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with "J".





List of NHL players (L)

This is a list of National Hockey League (NHL) players who have played at least one game in the NHL from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with "L".











List of NHL players (M)

This is a list of National Hockey League (NHL) players who have played at least one game in the NHL from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with "M".







Larry Johnson (running back)

Larry Johnson (born November 19, 1979) is a former American Football runningback in the National Football League. He played college football for Penn State.

Johnson spent most of his career with the Kansas City Chiefs. After replacing the often-injured veteran Priest Holmes, Johnson excelled. He played very well in 2005 and 2006 and far passed the 1,000 yard mark that notable backs and receivers aim for. However, after an argument with head coach Todd Haley in 2009, he was released. He finished the season with the Cincinnati Bengals, but was not resigned.

Johnson spent portions of offseasons with the Washington Redskins and Miami Dolphins, but was cut both times.


Little Britain

Little Britain is a British television sketch comedy show. It was shown on the BBC from 2003–2006. It was created by and stars David Walliams and Matt Lucas. It was narrated by Tom Baker. The show was about various characters in the UK.

In 2020, it was taken off streaming services due to racist humour as a result of the George Floyd protests.

Tyrod Taylor

Tyrod Taylor (born August 3, 1989) is an American professional football player. He plays as a quarterback for the New York Giants of the National Football League. He played college football for the Virginia Tech Hokies. He played relatively well with Virginia Tech, where he wore number 5, but was not drafted until the 6th round by the Baltimore Ravens in 2011.

With the Ravens, Taylor moved on from a preseason injury and played in three games as the backup to starter Joe Flacco. He rushed for two yards in one game, lined up as a wide receiver in another, and completed an 18-yard pass to Anquan Boldin as well. He was on the roster when the Ravens won Super Bowl XLVII and defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

Taylor left Baltimore after four years for the Buffalo Bills, becoming the starter for three years. He was named to a Pro Bowl after a strong first season as the starting quarterback, then in 2017, helped the team make the playoffs for the first time since 1999. Following that season, the Bills traded him to the Cleveland Browns, where he played one year before joining the Chargers in 2019.


Yuja Wang

Yuja Wang (Chinese: 王羽佳, pinyin: Wáng Yǔjiā), born 10 February 1987, is a Chinese pianist.

Wang started to play the piano at the age of six; her earliest public concerts were at China, Germany and Australia. At the age of seven, Wang began to study at Beijing's Central Conservatory of Music before moving to the US to study at the Curtis Institute of Music at the age of fifteen.

In 1998, Wang was awarded third prize at the Ettlingen International Competition for Young Pianists in Ettlingen, Germany. In 2001, she won the third prize and the "Special Jury Prize" at the First Sendai International Music Competition in Sendai, Japan in the piano section.

In January 2009, Wang signed an exclusive recording contract with Deutsche Grammophon. She has already released four CD's: "Sonatas & Etudes" in 2009; "Transformation" in 2010; "Rachmaninov in 2011"; and "Fantasia" in March 2012.

There has been a possibility that Wang released a debut CD in 1995.

French Suites

The French Suites are six suites composed by Johann Sebastian Bach between 1722 and 1725. They were written to be played on the harpsichord or clavichord. A suite is a group of dances. Bach did not call them "French Suites". That title was given to the group by someone else. They were called the "French Suites" to distinguish them from another group of suites by Bach called the "English Suites". 

The "French Suites" are largely based on Italian models, and are written in the keys of D minor, C minor, B minor, E-flat major, G major, and E major. All six suites open with an Allemagne and are followed by a Courante and a Sarabande. All six suites end with a Gigue (jig). Between the Sarabande and the Gigue are found a variety of dances that include Minuets, Bourrées, Gavottes, and others. 

There is no definitive manuscript. The ornamentation varies from one manuscript to another. Two other suites one in A minor and the other in E-flat major sometimes appear in the manuscripts. Bach's "French Overture" is also a suite but is not connected to the "French Suites".

Baltimore Colts

The Baltimore Colts were an American football franchise in the National Football League. The team was based in Baltimore. The logo was a white horseshoe (blue uniforms). The team had success since 1953 when it began, winning four NFL championships, including Super Bowl V. The most famous player was quarterback Johnny Unitas . However, in 1984, Bob Irsay secretly (meaning in the middle of a March night without an announcement) moved the team to Indianapolis to begin play as the Indianapolis Colts.

Cultigen

A cultigen is a plant that is the result of artificial selection by humans. Liberty Hyde Bailey, an American botanist was the first to use the term, in 1918. Bailey noticed that the classification Linné introduced for plants was not useful for classifying plants which came from human cultivation and selection. He called the plants which grow in the wild without human selection indigens. A cultigen was: " ... a domesticated group of which the origin may be unknown... [It has] such characters as to separate it from known indigens, and is probably not represented by any type specimen or exact description". The point is that a cultigen cannot always be placed in the traditional Linnean system of botanical classification.

Bailey later changed his definition to "Plant or group known only in cultivation; presumably originating under domestication; contrast with indigen", which is the definition used above. Examples of cultigens are maize and cabbage.

Cultigen and cultivar may be confused with one-another. Cultigen is a general-purpose term encompassing not only plants with cultivar names but others as well (see introductory text above). Cultivar is a formal classification category in the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants (ICNCP).

Although in his 1923 paper Bailey used only the rank of species for the cultigen, it was clear to him that many domesticated plants were more like botanical varieties than species and so he established a new classification category for these, the cultivar, generally assumed to be a contraction of the words “cultivated” and “variety”. He defined cultivar in his 1923 paper as: 
This definition and understanding of cultivar has changed over time.
The definition has been discussed:

Oil spill

An oil spill is the release of a liquid petroleum hydrocarbon into the environment. Oil from ships and oil tankers can spill onto the sea water and pollute the water. 

Oil poisons and harms the aquatic organisms and seabirds. The fur of sea mammals and the feathers of seabirds can be damaged by the oil. The animals may suffer, and the effect may be fatal for them. 

When birds get soaked in oil, they can't fly and they can't go in water.

Most often the term is used for marine environments, where coasts, lakes, rivers and oceans are polluted. There are three main ways to combat such pollution once it has occurred:

An oil spill can not only affect the coasts, lakes, rivers, and oceans but also the environment and the ecosystems. Many animals could get injured and later die without help. Also all the vegetation could be affected by the oil.

List of Cerezo Osaka players

The List of Cerezo Osaka players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Cerezo Osaka is a Japanese professional football club in Osaka.




Lenticular galaxy

A lenticular galaxy is a type of galaxy. These galaxies have an elliptical shape and ill-defined spiral arms. Basically, they are a combinations of spiral and elliptical galaxies. Examples include the Cartwheel Galaxy and NGC 4479. They are disk galaxies that have lost most of its interstellar matter, therefore have very little ongoing star formation. Because of this, they contain a lot of aging stars like elliptical galaxies.

Despite being different shapes and a different galaxy type, lenticular and elliptical galaxies share common properties such as spectral features and sizes. They are also early-type galaxies that are slowly evolving.

Lenticular galaxies are unique, they have a visible disk component and also a prominent bulge component. The bulge is larger than the disk in ratio than a normal spiral galaxy and do not have spiral arms. The large bulge is what makes them looks like an elliptical galaxy. Like spiral galaxies, they can also have a central bar.

Lenticular galaxies are often considered to be a poorly understood transition state between spiral and elliptical galaxies, which makes its position in the Hubble sequence. The disk have no unique features like spiral arms, which makes them not a spiral galaxies. Its bulge is usually spherical, which makes them not an elliptical galaxies. Lenticular galaxy are divided into subclasses based on their either the amount of dust present or the prominence of a central bar. Galaxies with no central bars are S01, S02 and S03, the numbers indicate the amount of gas absorption in the disk. While the barred galaxies are SB01, SB02 and SB03.

Like spiral galaxies, lenticular galaxies can also have a central bar. The subclasses for the barred lenticular galaxies are SB01, SB02 and SB03. Although the numbers represents the amount of gas absorption, they can also indicate the prominence of the central bar. SB01, have the least prominent bar. SB02, have a slightly prominent bar. SB03, has the most prominent bar. Examples:

List of Ehime FC players

The List of Ehime F.C. players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Ehime F.C. is a Japanese professional football club in Matsuyama.




Fishing industry

All activities that are concerned with growing, catching, processing or transporting fish either as a hobby or as an economic activity is called Fishing industry.

According to the FAO definition it includes recreational, subsistence and commercial fishing, and the harvesting, processing, and marketing sectors. The commercial activity is aimed at the delivery of fish and other seafood products for human consumption or as input factors in other industrial processes. Directly or indirectly, the livelihood of over 500 million people in developing countries depends on fisheries and aquaculture.

John Wesley Hillman

John Wesley Hillman (March 29, 1832 – March 19, 1915) was an American prospector during the California Gold Rush. He was also an explorer who was among the first European Americans to see Crater Lake in the U.S. state of Oregon. He is credited with discovering the lake.

Dorsal fin

A dorsal fin is a fin on the back of most marine and freshwater vertebrates.

The main function of the fin is to stabilize the animal against rolling and to help sudden turns. There are some secondary functions: some fish have dorsal fins which produce venom at the tip, for example, the spiny dogfish.

Some species have further adapted their dorsal fins to other uses.

Pelvic fin

Pelvic fins or ventral fins are paired fins located on the ventral surface of fish.

In actinopterygians, the pelvic fin consists of two bony girdles attached to bony radials. The lepidotrichia are positioned distally from the radials.

A pelvic fin's function is to provide powered corrective forces.

Unlike limb development in tetrapods, the pelvic fin bud emerges much later than the pectoral fin.

Stability

Stability is a property of many systems. It means being at rest, not liable to change. In mechanics and dynamics, a system is stable (has stability) if it will not change motion of its own accord, and will resist small efforts to change its direction or position.

Thus an airliner in flight is dynamically stable, and will keep going in the same direction even when buffeted by uneven air pressure (wind). To change its direction, its control system must be altered. On the other hand, a fighter plane is unstable, and must be controlled at all times by a combination of the pilot and a computer.

Most nuclear isotopes are unstable, but the world is mostly made of stable ones. 

In a boat stability means that it is less likely to capsize.

Type specimen

In biology, a type specimen is a particular specimen to which a scientific name is formally attached. For this purpose a specimen is something that can be kept, unchanging, for a long time (for centuries). A specimen may be an organism, a part of an organism, or many small organisms together. 

Preferably a type specimen should be kept where researchers may have a chance to study it. Often, type specimens are kept in museums and the like. A type specimen need not be typical, that is, it need not be representative.

A type specimen can be assigned when a name is first published, or it can be assigned later. Besides type specimens there are other form of types. 

One particular type specimen may have any number of scientific names attached to it. For example the names "Fabaceae" (family), "Faboideae" (subfamily), and "Faba" (genus) all have the same specimen as the type. For any one circumscription, position, and rank of a taxon only one name can be correct (for a genus that includes the type specimens of the names "Vicia" and "Faba", both, the correct name will be "Vicia").

A type specimen is only one of several possible kinds of type. For example, the type of the name of a genus of animals is a type species. But the type specimen is the most famous kind of type.

Gene flow

Gene flow or gene migration is the name for the transfer of alleles or genes from one population to another. The most usual cause is the movement of animals or (with plants) the movement of seeds or fruits.

Various barriers to gene flow can occur. The most usual is a geographical barrier of some kind. The beginnings of speciation often depends on the separation of populations which were once interbreeding (panmictic).

List of Sanfrecce Hiroshima players

The List of Sanfrecce Hiroshima players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Sanfrecce Hiroshima is a Japanese professional football club in Hiroshima.








Fusion power

Nuclear fusion is when two atoms merge to form a new one. This reaction with plasma generates energy. The idea behind a fusion reactor is to build a nuclear power plant that uses this process to produce electricity. Nowadays, nuclear power plants use nuclear fission to produce energy. Nuclear fission is not the same as nuclear fusion. 

Nuclear fusion is the same type of process the Sun uses to generate heat. The most powerful nuclear weapons also use fusion.

As of 2012, there are no commercial power plants that use this technology; there are a few academic ones; these include the Joint European Torus, in England. This reactor uses a principle called Tokamak. A tokamak uses magnets that are shaped like a doughnut to squish the atoms together. 

List of Gamba Osaka players

The List of Gamba Osaka players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Gamba Osaka is a Japanese professional football club in Osaka.




First Coast

The First Coast is a region of the U.S. state of Florida. It is in the northern part of the state. The First Coast includes five counties around Jacksonville: Duval, Clay, Nassau and St. Johns. Its name comes from a marketing campaign in the 1980s. It is also called Florida's First Coast.

Gainare Tottori

The club was founded in 1983.




Matukituki River

The Matukituki River is found in the Southern Alps of New Zealand's South Island. It flows for 30 kilometres from Mount Aspiring National Park into the southwestern edge of Lake Wanaka.

Buddhist crisis

The Buddhist Crisis was a period of political and religious tension in South Vietnam. The crisis was characterized by a series of discriminating acts by the South Vietnamese government and a campaign of civil resistance mainly led by Buddhist monks.

The crisis was started when the President Ngô Đình Diệm banned the flying of the Buddhist flag. That led to the shooting of nine unarmed civilians who were protesting a ban of the Buddhist flag on May 8 and suicide by burning of Thích Quảng Đức on June 11. The crisis ended when Ngô Đình Diệm was assassinated on November 2, 1963.

A survey said that about 70-90 percent of South Vietnamese people were Buddhist. The President called it biased. A member of the Catholic minority, his government was biased towards Catholics in public service and military promotions, as well as in the allocation of land, business favors and tax concessions etc. Diem once told a high-ranking officer, forgetting that he was a Buddhist, "Put your Catholic officers in sensitive places. They can be trusted." Many officers in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) converted to Catholicism believing that their career prospects depended on it. Many were also refused promotion if they did not convert. Also, the distribution of firearms to village self-defense militias intended to repel Viet Cong guerrillas was done so that weapons were only given to Catholics. Some Catholic priests ran private armies, and in some areas forced conversion and looting, shelling and demolition of pagodas. Some Buddhist villages converted to receive aid or avoid being forcibly resettled by Diem's regime. The Catholic Church enjoyed special exemptions. In 1959, Ngô Đình Diệm dedicated the country to the Virgin Mary. The Vatican flag was usually flown in public services and events while the Buddhist flag was not allowed to be flown in public services and/or events.

News Corporation

The News Corporation (or 'News Corp.') was an Australian, and later American, mass media corporation. It was based in New York City, New York. It was the world's second biggest media company in revenue in 2011, and the world's third largest company in entertainment in 2009.

News Corporation was founded in Adelaide in 1979, by Rupert Murdoch. It was incorporated under South Australian commercial law until 2004 when the company moved to the United States. It was re-incorporated under Delaware law after its shareholders approved the move on 12 November 2004. It was a publicly traded company listed on the NASDAQ. Murdoch remained the chairman and chief executive officer of the company until its end in 2013.

It owns News Limited, News International (whose properties include "The Times", "The Sun", and the now-closed "News of the World"), Dow Jones & Company (which owned "The Wall Street Journal"), the book publisher HarperCollins, and the Fox Entertainment Group (owners of the 20th Century Fox film studio and the Fox Broadcasting Company).

News Corporation was split into two different companies on 28 June 2013. Both are publicly traded companies: 21st Century Fox consists mainly of television and media assets, while a new News Corp focuses on publishing.






All titles sourced from News Limited - NewsSource: Magazines on 15 October 2010.

Dow Jones & Company



The following companies are subsidiaries of News Corporation that either are no longer active or have been absorbed into another part of the company.


Concorde

Concorde was a passenger airplane that flew faster than the speed of sound. It was made by the French company Aérospatiale and the British company British Aircraft Corporation. Concorde carried passengers from 1976 to 2003. Twenty aircraft were built.

Concorde flew across the Atlantic Ocean in a little less than 3.5 hours. Other airplanes take about eight hours.

When Concorde was being developed, orders from airlines to buy the plane were high. At the time, passenger planes that flew faster than the speed of sound were considered to be a big technological leap.

Some people did not like the sonic booms caused by Concorde flying faster than the speed of sound. They also complained of the noise Concorde made when taking off and landing. It was twice as loud as conventional passenger jets. Concorde was not allowed to fly over certain countries because of this. There were also concerns that having many Concordes in the air at once could damage the ozone layer. The price of fuel increased many times in the 1970s, but the Concorde also consumed much more fuel than a conventional passenger jet.

Many airlines later thought Concorde was too expensive for the cost and were no longer interested in the plane. They cancelled their orders. Another supersonic airliner, the Boeing 2707 was cancelled for similar reasons.

The first scheduled flights were on 21 January 1976. Concorde flew between several different cities in Europe, North America, South America, and Asia. Concorde initially did not make a profit because of the high costs to run the plane. From the 1980s onwards, ticket prices became much higher. Concorde was mainly used by rich people who could pay the high ticket price.

The high running costs, the crash of Air France Flight 4590 in 2000 and the September 11 attacks caused Concorde to be retired in 2003.

Concorde is considered to be an engineering marvel and a symbol of pride for Britain and France.


Date, Fukushima

There were nine towns in Date District, Fukushima. On January 1, 2006, five towns in Date District joined together and became the city of Date. These five towns were Hobara, Yanagawa, Date, Ryōzen, and Tsukidate. Hobara was in the center.

The Date clan was a powerful group during the Edo period. They controlled Miyagi and southern Iwate. After the Edo period, in the Meiji period, many samurai lost their land during the Meiji Restoration. The Date clan also lost their land. Part of the family went to Hokkaidõ. They started another city, Date, Hokkaidõ. The family name of Date clan came from Fukushima.

Date is about 60 km north-west of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. Date is outside the area people are not allowed to live. However, radiation in the city made people, especially schoolchildren, stay indoors more.


Canyoneering

Canyoneering or canyoning is a dangerous sport. A person who goes canyoneering is a canyoneer. A canyoneer is a person who walks, swims, or rappels (climbs down ropes) into canyons. Sometimes these canyons are very deep and very narrow. Canyons that are very narrow are called "slot canyons". 

Canyoneering can be dangerous. Sometimes canyons flood (fill with water) when it rains. Accidents can also happen when a canyoneer is climbing down ropes. The rope can break or the canyoneer can slip. Sometimes canyons are too narrow to walk through, so you have to go back. Also, sometimes the water in canyons is so cold you can get sick. Many people have died in canyons.

Logan Lerman

Logan Wade Lerman (born January 19, 1992) is an American actor. He played Percy Jackson in the 2010 film "", directed by Chris Columbus. He also played "Charlie" in a movie of the book "Perks of Being a Wallflower". Lerman's other movie roles include "Hoot" (2006), "", a western (2007), "Gamer" (2009), and "The Three Musketeers" (2011), as d'Artagnan. He starred on the series "Jack & Bobby" (2004 to 2005).

Lerman was born in Beverly Hills, California. His parents are both Jewish. He has two siblings, both older, and is a self-described "film geek". He would like to direct and write films in the future.

Ernest Giles

William Ernest Powell Giles (7 July 1835 – 13 November 1897), best known as Ernest Giles, was an Australian explorer. He led three long expeditions in central Australia.

Giles was born in Bristol, England. He moved to Adelaide, South Australia when he was 15. He was one of the first Europeans to explore the empty desert of central Australia during the 1870s. Giles was the first European to explore Lake Amadeus and The Olgas. He named them after Amadeus, King of Spain Olga, Queen of Wurttemberg.

He has written works about his journeys. In 1880, he published "The Journal of a Forgotten Expedition", an account of his third expedition. In 1889, he wrote "Australia Twice Traversed: The Romance of Exploration", the story of his five main expeditions. Giles died of pneumonia on 13 November 1897. Mount Giles, the third highest mountain in the Northern Territory was named after him.


William Gosse

William Christie Gosse (1842–12 August 1881) was an explorer. He was born in Hertfordshire, England. He moved to Adelaide, Australia with his father in 1850. Gosse was one of the first Europeans to explore central Australia. He spotted Uluru on 19 July 1873 and named it "Ayers Rock" after Sir Henry Ayers, the Chief Secretary of South Australia. Gosse was not the only explorer in the region at the time. Due to the construction of the Overland telegraph Line, the area was opened up to exploring, and Ernest Giles was also looking for a path to the West. Giles failed on his first attempt and Gosse succeeded by following Giles original track. 

Gosse died of a heart attack on 12 August 1881, aged 38, after being sick for a long time.

German wine

German wines are those produced in Germany, one of the oldest wine producing region, and are considered to be among the best wines in the world. Wine is a popular beverage in Germany. Depending on the vintage, Germany is the world's eight largest producer of wine. Grapes are grown only in the sout-western parts of Germany in the states of Rhineland-Palatinate, Hesse an Baden-Württemberg, with more than 102,000 hectares vineyards under cultivation. 

Adolphe Adam

Adolphe Charles Adam (24 July 1803 – 3 May 1856) was a French composer and music critic. He composed many operas and ballets. He is best known today for his ballets "Giselle" (1841) and "Le corsaire" (1856, his last work), and his operas "Le postillon de Lonjumeau" (1836), "Le toréador" (1849), and "Si j'étais roi" (1852, often regarded as his finest work). He also composed the popular Christmas carol "Minuit, chrétiens!" ("O Holy Night") (1847). Adam was also a teacher. Léo Delibes was among his pupils.

Henry Ayers

Sir Henry Ayers GCMG (1 May 1821 – 11 June 1897) was the Premier of South Australia five times between 1863 and 1873. 

Ayers was born at Portsea, Hampshire, England. He moved to Australia in 1840 with his wife, Elizabeth. He worked in the mining industry. His copper mine became very important to the economy of South Australia. Ayers later went into politics. He was elected to the South Australian parliament on 9 March 1857. He stayed a member for more than 36 years. Ayers first became premier on 15 July 1863.

Ernest Giles, an explorer, named Ayers Rock after him in 1872. In the same year, Ayers was knighted KCMG and raised to GCMG in 1894. He died in Adelaide on 11 June 1897.


Bushfood

Bushfood (also called bush tucker in Australia) is any food native to Australia eaten by the original inhabitants, the Australian Aborigines. Most bushfoods are very nutritious. Examples of native animal foods (meats) are kangaroo, emu and crocodile. These are quite common and can be found in many supermarkets and restaurants. Other animals, like lizards and grubs, were eaten by aboriginal (native) Australians, long before white people came to the area. It also includes fruits and berries. The most famous native bushfood plant is the macadamia nut. This is farmed and sold in large numbers.

By the end of the 19th century, there were only less than 100.000 Aboriginal people. Since the arrival of the settlers, the native population died from new diseases, alcohol and poverty, as their native land was taken away from them. They had to move to places where they could not live in their traditional way. Most of their languages died out. Until the 1960s, children were taken away from their families and forced to live in children's homes („Stolen Generation“). The idea was to make them „good“ Australians by educating them „properly“.


Station (agriculture)

Station is the term for a big agricultural property (owned land) that is used for raising livestock. The word is used in Australian and New Zealand English. The owner of a station is called a "grazier". They are also sometimes called "pastoralists". Its workers are called "stockmen". The stations may be called "sheep stations" or "cattle stations", depending on what type of animal it raises.


Mikhail Fokine

Mikhail Fokine ( – 22 August 1942) was a Russian choreographer and dancer. He was born in St Petersburg, the son of a prosperous middle-class merchant. At the age of nine, he was accepted into the St Petersburg Imperial Ballet School. In 1898, on his 18th birthday, he debuted on the stage of the Imperial Mariinsky Theatre in "Paquita", with the Imperial Russian Ballet. In 1902, he became a teacher with the ballet school.

Fokine hoped to go beyond the older ballet traditions. To him virtuoso ballet techniques were not an end in themselves, but a means of expression. He believed that many of the ballets of his time used costuming and mime which did not reflect the themes of the ballets. Therefore, he tried to strip ballets of their artificial miming and outdated costumes. In addition, as a choreographer, he started a reform that took ballerinas out of their pointe shoes. Also, he experimented with a freer use of the arms and torso. He presented his reformist ideas to the management of the Imperial theatre, but did not get their support. Some of his early works include the ballet "Acis and Galatea" (1905) and "The Dying Swan" (1907), which was a solo dance for Anna Pavlova, choreographed to the music of Saint-Saëns' "Le Cygne".

In 1909, Sergei Diaghilev invited Fokine to become the choreographer of his Ballets Russes in Paris. Fokine broke off the collaboration in 1912, jealous of Diaghilev's close relationship with Vaslav Nijinsky. He moved to Sweden in 1918 and later established his home in New York City, where he founded a ballet school and continued to appear with his wife, Vera Fokina. He became a United States citizen in 1932. Fokine died in New York on 22 August 1942.

Fokine staged more than 70 ballets in Europe and the United States. His best known works were "Chopiniana" (later revised as "Les Sylphides"), "Le Carnaval" and "Le Pavillon d'Armide". Among his works for the Ballets Russes were "The Firebird", "Petrushka", "Le Spectre de la Rose" and "Daphnis et Chloé". Also, for the Ballets Russes, he created a ballet out of Rimsky-Korsakov's "Scheherazade". His pieces are still performed by the leading ballet troupes of the world.



Lasseter's Reef

Lasseter's Reef was a legendary rich gold deposit that was said to be in remote central Australia. A prospector, Harold Bell Lasseter, claimed to have discovered the site in 1897. But Lasseter forgot the exact location of it. He died when he went back into the desert to look for it again. The gold's location remains a mystery—nobody even knows whether it really exists.

Lasseter told the story in 1929. He said that he had found the gold near the border of the Northern Territory and Western Australia. This area at the time was uncharted (no maps had been made of it). When he came out of the desert, he spent the next thirty years trying to get people to fund an expedition to go back and look for it. But people ignored him because people were already making fortune from the gold rush at Kalgoorlie in Western Australia. Nobody wanted to risk going into unchartered desert.

But during the Great Depression, people became interested. Lasseter got enough money for an expedition to relocate the gold. But the expedition was hard—there were long distances involved, no maps to guide them, and it was very hard to find water. When the expedition party became lost, the people who went with Lasseter called him a liar. They left him, but Lasseter continued, with one other man. The man later said that Lasseter became crazy in the desert, and he too left him.

Now alone, Lasseter continued in the desert, but eventually became exhausted and dehydrated. He died from exhaustion and malnutrition in early 1931. He was on his way to Uluru or Kata Tjuta. His body was found in March 1931 by a bushman. The story of Lasseter's expedition is known from the stories of his travelling group. The later part of the story is known from Lasseter's diary, which was found on his body. No maps showing the location of the fabled gold reef were ever found. The tale of the reef has become legend. It is probably the most famous "lost mine" legend in Australia.


Altar lamp

An altar lamp, or sanctuary lamp, is the flame kept near the altar in a church or synagogue. The flame is always kept alive, so is commonly called an "eternal flame". It represents that God is always there with the people.

Le Spectre de la rose

Le Spectre de la rose () is a short French ballet. It is about a young girl who dreams of dancing with the spirit of a souvenir rose from her first ball. Jean-Louis Vaudoyer wrote the ballet story. He based it on a verse by Théophile Gautier. 

The dances were designed by Michel Fokine. The music is Hector Berlioz's 1841 orchestration of Carl Maria von Weber's piano music "Aufforderung zum Tanz" (). Léon Bakst designed the original sets and costumes. 

The ballet was first presented in Monte Carlo on 19 April 1911. Nijinsky danced The Rose and Tamara Karsavina danced The Young Girl. It was a great success. "Spectre" became internationally famous for the leap (jump) Nijinsky made through a window at the ballet's end.

In 1911, Ballet Russes producer Sergei Diaghilev hoped to present Nijinsky's ballet "L'Après-midi d'un faune" (). It was not ready for the stage, so he needed another ballet to take its place. That ballet was the idea of writer Jean-Louis Vaudoyer. In 1910, he had sent an idea for a ballet to Ballets Russes set and costume designer Léon Bakst. His idea was based on "Le Spectre de la rose", a verse by Théophile Gautier, and "Aufforderung zum Tanz", a work for piano by Carl Maria von Weber. Diaghilev liked Vaudoyer's idea. He thought it could easily take the place of "Faune". He put Vaudoyer's idea into development at once. Diaghilev liked the idea of a ballet based on Gautier's "Spectre" because it could be tied to the centennial of Gautier's birth.

In 1819, Carl Maria von Weber wrote a work for piano called "Aufforderung zum Tanz". He also wrote a program for this work about a young man and woman who meet, dance, and part at a ball. The quiet music at the opening of "Aufforderung" leads to some beautiful (and busy) waltz tunes before the work ends with the opening music. In 1841, Hector Berlioz orchestrated "Aufforderung". This version of the music was used for a short ballet in Weber's opera "Der Freischütz" at the Paris Opéra. It was the Berlioz version that was used for the ballet "Le Spectre de la rose".

Michel Fokine completed the dance in three or four rehearsals. He later wrote that the ballet was almost an improvisation. Grace Robert writes in "The Borzoi Book of Ballets" that "Spectre" is a "pas de deux", but not the sort of "pas de deux" that looks back to complex 19th-century technique and virtuosity. Instead, it is a forward-looking, modern dance of continuous movement and expressiveness. 

Fokine dropped the "port de bras" (position of the arms) of classical ballet in designing the dances for Nijinsky. He used instead curving, tendril-like movements of the arms and fingers. Nijinsky became an androgynous character in this ballet, one showing masculine power in his legs and a feminine delicacy in his arms. Some of his gestures, Ostwalt writes in "Nijinsky: A Leap into Madness", "lent a feminine aura (an invisible force)" to the character.

Nijinsky's silk elasticated costume was designed by Léon Bakst. The costume was covered with silk rose petals. Nijinsky was stitched into the costume for every show. After every show, the wardrobe mistress would touch up the petals with her curling iron. Nijinsky's make-up was an important part of the costume design. Romula de Pulszky, later to be his wife, wrote that he looked like "a celestial (heavenly) insect, his eyebrows suggesting some beautiful beetle". Ostwald writes that Nijinsky's costume was like a ballerina's. Sometimes, petals would become loose and fall to the stage. Nijinsky's servant Vasili would collect the petals and sell them as souvenirs. It was said that he built a large house called Le Château du Spectre de la Rose with the profits from the sale of the petals.

The ballet became famous for Nijinsky's leap through one of the two large windows at the back of the stage. The height of the leap was an illusion though. Nijinsky took five running steps from the middle of the stage and leapt through the window on the sixth step. The skirting board (base board) under the window was very low, giving the illusion that the leap was higher than it was. Behind the set, four men caught Nijinsky in the air and put warm towels on him. No one saw Nijinsky land. It looked like he would fly on for all time. The illusion was helped by the conductor in the orchestra pit who held the next to the last chord. In doing so, the leap was given a sense of great length and height.

The curtain rises on a girl's bedroom. The Young Girl comes into the room dressed in a white bonnet and ball gown. She has come home from her first ball. She holds a rose as a souvenir of the evening. She drops into a chair and falls asleep. The rose falls from her fingers to the floor. The Spirit of the Rose is seen at the window. He steps to the floor and nears The Young Girl. Still asleep, she rises and dances with him. He leads her back to the chair, kisses her, then leaps through the window and into the night. The Young Girl awakes and rises. She picks up the rose she dropped and kisses it. The curtain falls.

"Spectre" was first presented on 19 April 1911 by Diaghilev's Ballets Russes in the Théâtre de Monte Carlo, Monte Carlo. Tamara Karsavina danced The Young Girl and Nijinsky danced The Rose. Grace Robert writes that "Spectre" was an "immediate success". Diaghilev was surprised; he thought "Spectre" a trifle not worth notice, but the little ballet became one of the most loved productions of the Ballets Russes. 

Many dancers attempted to match Nijinsky as The Rose, but failed. After all, the ballet had been designed for Nijinsky's very special talents. The Young Girl has been called "the forgotten woman of ballet", and, as time passed, the part became routine. By the middle of the 20th century, "Spectre" had become nothing but a stunt ballet: people paid only to see the leap through the window.

"Spectre" was one of the first ballets Rudolph Nureyev danced in the West after leaving Russia. This was for German television in 1961. He first danced The Rose on stage (24 times) in New York City for the Joffrey Ballet's Diaghilev program in 1979. "Spectre" was the last ballet Nureyev and Margot Fonteyn danced together. That was in June 1979, when the ballerina was 60. He danced The Rose in Paris in 1981 and 1982, and last danced the part in August 1987 at the London Coliseum with the Nancy Ballet.

The ballet was first seen in Australia in 1936 when it was part of the Monte Carlo Russian Ballet program. In 1962, Margot Fonteyn danced The Young Girl as part of her 1962 tour of Australia. In 2006, The Australian Ballet presented the ballet as one of three showing the work of Fokine.


FC Machida Zelvia

The club was founded in 1989.

In 2010, Machida Zelvia formed a partnership with Major League Soccer's D.C. United. This was the first partnership between a Japanese football club and American soccer club.

In 2012, the club was promoted to the J.League in its second division.






Dunscaith Castle

Dunscaith Castle (also called Dun Scaich, Dun Sgathaich Castle or Tokavaig) is a ruined castle on the Isle of Skye in Scotland. The castle is the legendary home of Queen Scáthach in Scottish mythology.

Park Yong-ho

Park Yong-Ho (born March 25, 1981) is a South Korean association football player. He was part of the South Korean team in 2004 Summer Olympics.


Willem Dafoe

Willem Dafoe (born William James Dafoe, July 22, 1955) is an American actor. He was born in Appleton, Wisconsin. He played major roles in "To Live and Die in L.A.", "Platoon", "The Last Temptation of Christ", "Mississippi Burning", "Body of Evidence", "Clear and Present Danger", "", "The Boondock Saints", "Shadow of the Vampire", "Spider-Man", "" and "The Clearing". He was also in the 2017 movie "Justice League" and 2018 movie "Aquaman" as Nuidis Vulko.

Les Sylphides

Les Sylphides () is a ballet choreographed by Michel Fokine to the music of Frederic Chopin. The music was orchestrated by Stravinsky among others. The scenery and costumes were designed by Alexandre Benois. 

The ballet was first performed by the Ballets Russes in Paris at the Théâtre du Châtelet on 2 June 1909. It starred Nijinsky, Tamara Karsavina, Anna Pavlova, and Maria Baldina. The ballet is non-narrative. It does not tell a story. It is a series of dances meant to evoke the atmosphere and ambiance of a romantic ballet.

"Les Sylphides" was developed from a Fokine ballet called "Chopiniana". This ballet was performed in St Petersburg on 21 March 1908. It was a series of imagined scenes from Chopin's life that included a Polish wedding and a ballroom polonaise. It was revised. All characters and any suggestion of a plot were dropped to create instead an evocation of the romantic ballet. 

The revised ballet (still called "Chopiniana") was performed in St Petersburg on 6 April 1908. This second version was costumed in the long white ballet tutu made famous by Marie Taglioni in "La Sylphide". "Chopiniana" was renamed "Les Sylphides" when it was presented in Paris.

"Les Sylphides" generally includes the following musical numbers:


Alain Delon

Alain Fabien Maurice Marcel Delon (; born 8 November 1935) is a French actor. He became famous quickly, and by the age of 23, he was already being compared to French actors like Gérard Philipe and Jean Marais. He was also compared to American actor James Dean. He was even called the male Brigitte Bardot. During his career, Delon has worked with many well-known directors. Some of these are Luchino Visconti, Jean-Luc Godard, , Michelangelo Antonioni and Louis Malle. 

Delon was given Swiss citizenship in 1999. He has a company managing product company, and it is based in Geneva.

Delon was born in Sceaux, Seine (now Hauts-de-Seine), Île-de-France, which is a suburb of Paris. His parents, Édith (née Arnold) and Fabien Delon, divorced when Delon was four. Both remarried, and Delon has a half-sister and two half-brothers. He went to a Roman Catholic boarding school. This was the first school he was removed from because of bad behavior. 

When he was 14, Delon left school. He then worked for at his stepfather's butcher shop for some time. He joined the French Navy three years later. In 1953 and 54 he served as a "fusilier marin" in the First Indochina War. Delon has said that out of his four years of military service he spent eleven months in prison for being "undisciplined", meaning that his bad behaviour ended up getting him jailed. In 1956, he returned to France after being dishonourably discharged from the navy. He did not have any money, and lived on whatever money he could find.

Since his perfume company was started, Delon has had many products sold under his name. Some of these are wristwatches, clothes, eyewear, stationery and cigarettes.

Delon's sunglasses brand became very popular in Hong Kong after actor Chow Yun-fat wore them in the 1986 movie "A Better Tomorrow". He wore these in two movies after this. It is said that Delon wrote a letter to thank Chow for helping the sunglasses sell out in the region. The movie's director John Woo has said that Delon is one of his idols. He wrote a short essay on "Le Samourai" as well as "Le Cercle Rou" for the Criterion Collection DVDs.



Peter Finch

Frederick George Peter Ingle Finch (28 September 1916 - 14 January 1977) was a British-born Australian actor. He was born in South Kensington, London. He was raised in Vaucresson, France and Sydney, Australia. He was married to ballet dancer Tamara Tchinarova.

Finch is best known for his role in "Network", for which he won an Academy Award, BAFTA and Golden Globe Award. He died of a heart attack in Beverly Hills, California.

Depressant

Depressants are a group of drugs that depress or slow down the activity of certain areas of the brain. Functionally, depressants counter the effects of stimulants, which increase brain activity. Drugs of the depressant type are widely used around the world, as prescription drugs. They can help with the following:

Among the big groups of depressants are:

Barbiturate

Barbiturates are a group of drugs that are derivates of Barbituric acid. Adolf von Baeyer was the first to produce Barbituric acid, in 1863. For many years, barbiturates were used as sedatives. Today, their use is very limited in many countries, mainly because they cause addiction and people soon develop a tolerance. People with a drug tolerance will need a higher dosage of the drug to get the same effect as before. After a while, the drug becomes useless for such people. This increased use often leads to physical dependence as the body becomes used to the constant presence of barbiturates. When the person abruptly stops taking the drug or reduces the dose, withdrawal symptoms may arise. 

Barbiturates were once used as a primary treatment for Epilepsy; this is especially true for the substance called Phenobarbitol or Phenobarbitone. The sedative side effect of the drug made it increasingly unpopular, and it is now prescribed less for epilepsy, in favor of other drugs that do not have sedative effects.

Benzodiazepines are another group of drugs, which have sedative properties: They make people sleepy, and help them sleep. In contrast, Barbiturates force people to sleep. In the case of severe sleeping problems which cannot be controlled by other drugs, Barbiturates are sometimes used as off-label drugs. 

Barbiturate withdrawal symptoms may include:


Some of these withdrawal symptoms can be fatal. Seizures can be dangerous, and the delirium some users experience can lead to agitation, hyperthermia, and cardiovascular failure.

Whose Line Is It Anyway?

Whose Line is it Anyway? is a United States comedy television show that ran from 1998 to 2007. A revival premiered in 2013. It was presented by Drew Carey on the ABC network, with the revival hosted by Aisha Tyler and airing on The CW network. The design of the show came from a British television of the same name.

The show consisted of a group of four people acting out comedy sketches on-the-spot, with Aisha Tyler choosing what they would do with help of the live audience.

Dez Bryant

Dez Bryant is an American football wide receiver for the Baltimore Ravens. He played college football for the Oaklahoma State Cowboys. Despite some minor character concerns, Byrant has been a successful returner and wideout for Dallas.

Pontifical Catholic University of Chile

The Pontifical Catholic University of Chile is a Catholic university based in the city of Santiago de Chile. It was founded in 1888 through a decree issued by the Santiago Archbishop. This university was one of the first Chilean universities teaching strong entrepreneurship starting with two subjects: law and mathematics.


Jude Law

David Jude Heyworth Law (born 29 December 1972) is an English actor. He was born in Lewisham, London and grew up in Blackheath, London. He played major roles many movies. These include "The Talented Mr. Ripley", "Enemy at the Gates", "A.I. Artificial Intelligence", "Road to Perdition", "Cold Mountain", "Alfie", "Closer" and "The Holiday". 

For his work in "The Talented Mr. Ripley", he won 2000 BAFTA Award for "Actor in a Supporting Role".

Connellan Airways

Connellan Airways (later called Connair) was an Australian airline that operated in northern Australia. It was founded by Edward Connellan (1912–1983) on 23 July 1943. The airline flew planes between remote areas of the outback. They worked a lot with the Royal Flying Doctor Service.

The name was changed to Connair in 1970. Connair had money problems in the 1970s. The company was sold to another airline company on 14 March 1980. It was liquidated (turned into money and dismantled) shortly after.

Jacaranda

Jacaranda is a genus of 49 species of flowering plants in the family Bignoniaceae. It comes from tropical and subtropical regions of Central America, Mexico, South America (especially Argentina, Brazil, Peru and Uruguay), and the Caribbean. It is also found in Asia, especially in Nepal. It is found throughout the Americas and Caribbean. It has also been introduced to Australia, New Zealand, India, Fiji and parts of Africa. The genus name is also used as the common name.

"Jacaranda" can be shrubs to large trees. They range in size from tall.

The genus is separated into two sections, "Jacaranda" and "Dilobos" DC. Section "Jacaranda" (which includes Blue Jacarandas) has 18 species. It is found mostly in western South America, Central America, Mexico, and the Caribbean. Section "Dilobos", which is thought to be the oldest form, has 31 species. It is found mostly in southeastern Brazil. This includes the Paraná River valley. The kind of wood in the two sections is also different.


Ion Television

Ion Television is a television network in the United States, which is owned by The E. W. Scripps Company and is available through a TV antenna, cable TV, or a satellite dish. It airs mainly many episodes of one crime drama or drama show per day, usually older episodes of shows which aired on networks now or in the past. It also carries the Scripps National Spelling Bee every year, starting to do so in 2022. The network is available in over 99 million houses, mixed between stations Ion owns and network affiliates, along with cable and satellite dish companies which carry it.



















UniMás

UniMás is a U.S. Spanish-language broadcast television network owned by Univision with headquarters in Miami, Florida.

Olaf Rose

Olaf Volker Bernhard Rose Rose (born 1958 in Arnsberg) is a German historian and politician. He is member of the National Democratic Party of Germany. Rose works as an adviser for the party in the Landtag of Saxony. He is co-founder of Gesellschaft für Freie Publizistik and city councilor in Pirna.

In 2012 he was a candidate in the German presidential election.


Kaltukatjara

Kaltukatjara (') is a town in the southwest of the Northern Territory of Australia. It is also called Docker River in English. It is about 670 km southwest of Alice Springs, and 8 km from the border with Western Australia. In the 2006 census, Kaltukatjara had a population of 355. All of the residents are either Pitjantjatjara, Ngaatjatjarra or Ngaanyatjarra Aboriginal people.

Kaltukatjara is located on the western bank of an ephemeral watercourse called Docker River. It is surrounded by the Petermann Ranges. From the town, the Great Central Road leads eastward to Yulara (196 km) and westward to Warburton (288 km).

While the roads in the town are sealed, roads out of the town are gravel and can be closed for up to a week if it rains. There is an air strip about 4 km north of the town. Power is supplied by three large generators. The water supply is pumped from two underground bores which are about 5 km from the town. Facilities in Kaltukatjara includes both a primary and secondary school, a health clinic, community store, and an old people's home. There is also a Lutheran church.

Kaltukatjara was originally established as an outstation in 1968. It was established so that the Aboriginal people living in missions such as Areyonga could live closer to their homelands. It was also to encourage people to move out of the Ayers Rock–Mt Olga National Park. The settlement was named "Docker River" after the stream that flows through the community. This stream was given its name by the explorer Ernest Giles when he travelled through the area in 1872.

In 1976, the Aboriginal Land Rights Act was passed in the Northern Territory. The Kaltukatjara community was given freehold title over a large block of land in the Territory's southwest corner (see Petermann Aboriginal Land Trust). This allowed families living at Kaltukatjara to spread out over the surrounding country and set up smaller camps on their own ancestral homelands. This movement was part of a larger trend called the "outstation movement". The first two outstations established were Tjuntinanta and Punritjanta. By the end of 1978, a total of 11 outstations had been established. There were 16 by the end of 1981.

The area in which Kaltukatjara is located is known as '. It contains several old sacred sites associated with the (Mulga Seed Dreaming). Part of this Tjukurpa, which is restricted to men, extends east through Uluṟu, where the Wintalyka men became involved in a feud with the Mala people. According to the legend, the Mala had travelled from the north to perform ceremonies at Uluṟu with a sacred artefact. On learning of this artefact, the Wintalyka men invited the Mala men to attend ceremonies at Kikingkura, but the Mala refused. Feeling insulted, the Wintalyka decided to punish the Mala by conjuring an evil spirit to haunt them. At Pulpaiyala, a soakage close to what is now Kaltukatjara, they conjured ', a great and terrifying spirit resembling a dingo. Kurpany chased the Mala men from Uluṟu and off across the desert to the south.

Kaltukatjara is governed by Kaḻṯukatjara Community Council, a local government council with 12 members. The community also serves about 30 outstations, most of which are not permanently occupied. They are spread over a large area around the Petermann Ranges. Only two outstations are funded by the council: Tjauwata, about 5 km to the east, and Kunapula, about 46 km southeast. Most of the outstations on the eastern side of the border are owned by Pitjantjatjara families. Those in Western Australia are mostly owned by Ngaanyatjarra people.


The Honeymooners

The Honeymooners is a 30-minute American television sitcom series. Jackie Gleason plays New York City bus driver named Ralph Kramden, Audrey Meadows plays his wife Alice, Art Carney plays his friend Ed Norton, a sewer worker, and Joyce Randolph plays Ed's wife Trixie. The show aired on CBS from 1 October 1955 to 22 September 1956. It was a great success. "The Honeymooners" dropped in the ratings after 39 episodes and its run ended.

What's My Line?

What's My Line? is a panel game show. It ran weekly in the United States. The show aired on Sunday at 10:30 p.m. EST on CBS from 1 October 1950 to 3 September 1967. Lady panelists wore floor-length dresses and jewelry. Gentleman panelists wore tuxedos. They tried to guess the jobs of everyday people by asking "yes" or "no" questions. Repartee between panelists and host John Charles Daly was witty, tasteful, and sophisticated. Regular panelists included Dorothy Kilgallen, Arlene Francis, and Bennett Cerf. A chair was open for a guest panelist. The high point of the program was the Mystery Guest. This guest was usually a well-known celebrity such as a Broadway or movie star. Sometimes the Mystery Guest was a little known person in the news such as an astronaut. Panelists wore blindfolds and tried to guess who the Mystery Guest was by asking "yes" or "no" questions. Mystery Guests changed their voices to make it hard for the panelists to know who they were. Baseball great Mickey Mantle, movie star Zsa Zsa Gabor, and future President of the United States Ronald Reagan were three of the many Mystery Guests. "What's My Line?"' won three Emmy Awards for "Best Quiz or Audience Participation Show", in 1952, 1953, and 1958. The show won a Golden Globe for "Best TV Show" in 1962. CBS stopped broadcasting the program in 1967. It returned in syndication as a daily program. This program was shown from 1968 until 1975. There have been several international versions, radio versions, and a live stage version. It is the longest-running U.S. primetime network television game program (51st).

Queen for a Day

Queen for a Day was a radio and television game series. It was one of the first big-prize giveaway television programs. "Queen for a Day" had its launch on the radio on April 30, 1945. It ran on the radio until 1957. The program then ran on television's NBC from 1956 to 1964. The program is something of an early "reality show". The program was so popular that NBC increased its running time from 30 minutes to 45 minutes.

The format was simple. Host Jack Bailey interviewed four women contestants. Each told of her personal troubles. These troubles might involve a terminally sick child at home, a husband disabled and out of work, or the need for a hearing aid or a new washing machine. The audience chose the winner by applauding their favorite. She who received the greatest amount of applause as registered by the "applause meter" was Queen for a Day. The winner was crowned, escorted by attendants to a throne, and given not only what she wanted, but juicy prizes like high-end appliances, upscale fashions, and exotic vacation trips as well. Mark Evanier, veteran television writer, writes that "Queen for a Day" was "one of the most ghastly shows ever produced" and further stated it was "tasteless, demeaning to women, demeaning to anyone who watched it, cheap, insulting and utterly degrading to the human spirit."

Handicraft

Handicraft is a type of craft where people make things using only their hands or basic tools. The items are usually decorative and have a particular use. Usually the term refers to traditional methods of making things. 

The items often have cultural or religious value. Things made by mass production or machines are not handicraft goods.In Bangladesh we can see many handicrafters living there live only by making handicrafts objects. Also, handicraft things are different from "arts and crafts" because they are meant to be used for something. Handicraft items are generally contrasted with mass production . It stimulates a person's creativity through art . Not only that,it enhances a person's thinking power . It has been protecting our culture in many ways and will further help preserve culture in the future through practice.

Margo Martindale

Margo Martindale (born July 18, 1951) is an Emmy Award winning American actress. She was born in Jacksonville, Texas. She has acted in many movies, stage plays and TV series.

In 2011, She won the Emmy Award for "Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Drama Series" for her acting as Mags Bennett on the TV series "Justified".

Dawan Landry

Dawan Landry (born December 30, 1982) is an American former professional football strong safety. He played 9 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, Jacksonville Jaguars, and New York Jets. He played college football for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets. He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in 2006, and has had a relatively successful career with Baltimore and Jacksonville. Landry missed most of 2008 with an injury, but that was the only season in which he did not play in all 16 games. He had 5 interceptions in 2006 (one toutchdown), four interceptions and a touchdown in 2009, a score in 2010, and two interceptions in 2011. Landry also came in second for the Ravens in 2010 with 111 tackles. He retired after the 2014 NFL season.

Quarterback sack

A quarterback sack is a move in American football. A defender rushes past the line of scrimmage and tackles the quarterback for a loss of yardage. In the National Football League, New York Giants defensive end Michael Strahan made 22.5 sacks in the 2002 season alone, which remains a record.

Tackle (football)

A tackle in football is a defensive move in various types of football. It aims to stop an opponent who is running with the ball.

In English style rugby football it means bringing down an opponent running with the ball. It is done by diving and catching the runners' legs. Outlawed as dangerous are tackles round the neck, and less effective tackles are round the runner's body. In practice there are variations, such as shoving an opponent running with the ball into touch (out of the field of play). There are some differences between Rugby Union and Rugby League as to the events after the tackle.

In soccer, tackles are done with the feet around or against the opponent's feet. To be legal the opponent must have control of the ball at the time. Since soccer is a high-speed game, various rules protect the player running with the ball. However, from 2017, tackles from any direction that endanger an opponent's safety may result in the offender being sent-off. This includes "scissoring" which is likely to be punished with a send-off (red card), as it poses a high risk of severe knee injury to the player being tackled. A "studs up" tackle may be dangerous. Referees may caution (yellow card) players who commit such challenges. 

In American and Canadian football to tackle is to obstruct (physically interfere) the forward progress of a player in possession of the ball. In any such case, the ball becomes dead, the down is over, and play ceases until the beginning of the next play.

Releaser

A releaser is a stimulus from one animal to another, which causes a particular response. The releaser, or sign stimulus triggers an innate releasing mechanism in the receiver. The receiver then does its response, the fixed action pattern (FAP).

This kind of system is inherited by both animals. Example: a fledgling bird does its releaser, say it squawks and opens its beak wide, showing bright red inside throat. This triggers the adult to cough up food stored in its gullet. Both 'partners' are behaving instinctually with inherited behaviours: these are not learnt during life. A FAP can truly be said to be 'hard-wired': a specific stimulus nearly always results in the same behavioral response.

Another behavious system is the 'dances' of water birds such as the Great Crested Grebe. They pair for life, and 'dance' whenever a pair meet up after an absence, and on other occasions. The dances are quite complex, and were first described fully by Julian Huxley. Here the meeting is the releaser, and both partners do the fixed action pattern. The function of the system is a little unclear, but it has something to do with reinforcing the pair's bond.

It is not necessary for both partners to benefit, nor to be of the same species. Some moths instantly fold their wings and drop to the ground if they encounter bat ultrasonic signals. This helps helps the moths, but obviously not the bats. In turn, some bats turn off the sound blips when they hear a moth, and glide in the last few feet. This also is an inherited behaviour. This example may be better described as a reflex action.

Fruit fly

Fruit fly may mean the flies in two families:



Copper Age

The Copper Age was a time period between the Neolithic and the Bronze Age. It is also named "Chalcolithic" ( "khalkos" "copper" + "lithos" "stone"). 

In the Bronze Age, people added tin to copper to make bronze, an alloy which is much harder than either tin or copper. During the Copper Age, this fact became known, but was not much used because tin was scarce. 

The Vinča culture was the first to develop the knowledge and skills to process copper, i, the late 6th millennium BC. 

Edged weapons such as knives, swords, spearheads, and axes were made of copper, as were brooches, pins, belt boxes and vessels for food and drink.

Blaine Gabbert

Blaine Gabbert is an American football quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League. He played college football for the Missouri Tigers. He also played for the Jacksonville Jaguars.

Gabbert was born in Ballwin, Missouri, USA and went to Parkway West High School, where he played high school football. In his sophomore season, he threw for about 1,100 yards and 11 touchdowns as a first-year starter. As a junior, he had 1,523 yards and 20 scores and also added 458 yards and 8 TDs rushing. He threw 623 passing yards and five touchdowns as a senior, despite an injured foot that limited him to four games. He was considered one of the best players entering college at his position.

Gabbert started his college football career as only a third string player. Here are his statistics with the Missouri Tigers:

After an impressive showing at the combine, Gabbert was taken 10th overall by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the 2011 NFL Draft. Gabbert, who to his credit was playing on a team that had done very poorly the past several years, had a bad season in 2011. He was sacked 40 times (3rd most in league history), fumbled 14 times, and threw only 12 touchdown passes next to eleven interceptions as Jacksonville's bad luck continued. Analysts noted how Gabbert's height decreased when he threw, which is the opposite of what is supposed to happen.

On March 11, 2014, Gabbert got traded to the San Francisco 49ers.

Part of Me

"Part of Me" is a song by American recording artist Katy Perry. The song was written by Perry, Bonnie McKee, Lukasz Gottwald, Henry Walter, and Max Martin, while the production was done by Dr. Luke and Cirkut. The song was released as the first single from "Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection", which is a re-release of her album "Teenage Dream". This song was leaked several times; in late 2010, the entire demo of the song leaked online, with music critics comparing the song to Perry's previous single "California Gurls" (2010). The lyrics were changed on the released version, prompting speculation that the lyrics were directed towards ex-husband Russell Brand, which Perry later denied. Following a performance on the 54th Grammy Awards, the song debuted at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song has reached number one in the UK, Canada, New Zealand, and the US. It has been certified triple-platinum in the US for sales of over three million copies there.

The video for the song features Perry driving in her car, listening to a radio show about cheating lovers. She then finds her boyfriend kissing another woman at his office. Perry has a breakdown and cuts her hair in a convenience-store bathroom before enlisting in the U.S. Army.

Waking Up in Vegas

"Waking Up in Vegas" is the fourth and last single from the Katy Perry studio record "One of the Boys". It was released to radio April 21, 2009 and received positive reviews by the music critics. The song peaked near #1 on Billboard Hot 100, giving Perry her third top ten song off that album. It also topped #1 in Australia and the Netherlands.

The Cleveland Show

The Cleveland Show is an animated sitcom that first aired on September 27, 2009 on the "Animation Domination" block on Fox in the United States. The show was created by Seth MacFarlane, Mike Henry, and Richard Appel as a spin-off show from "Family Guy".

The family was conceived by MacFarlane, he took the "Family Guy" character, Cleveland Brown, and his son, Cleveland Brown Jr., and redesign Cleveland Brown Jr. to make him look older, and softly-spoken. Before the first episode aired it was already renewed for season 2, which had 22 episodes. On June 10, 2010, three weeks after the first season ended it was renewed for another season (season 3). It was also renewed for season 4. The show was canceled in May 2013, airing its final episode on May 19. There is four seasons of "The Cleveland Show" and 88 episodes.

The series shows the life of Cleveland Brown, his son, Cleveland Brown Jr., his wife, Donna, and her kids, Roberta and Rallo.

The show uses a lot of profanity and sex scenes, which is why the show is rated TV-14, and rarely TV-PG.

According to critics, the show is an okay show, however some say it is a horrible show. The Parents Television Council said that the first season episodes was the worst show of the week. About 6 million people watched the show for season one. It was nominated for an award on the 36th People's Choice Awards, and on the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards.

At the start of the show, Cleveland Brown and his son, Cleveland Brown Jr., move from the fictional town of Quahog, Rhode Island to Stoolbend, Virginia.

Cleveland said to Glenn Quagmire that he is getting a spin-off on "Family Guy" episode, "Baby Not on Board".

Originally, the theme song had a line with Cleveland Brown, he said "happy black-guy face", this was changed to "happy mustached face".


The show was originally aired on Fox, and has been released in many other countries.
All seasons are available on DVD and Blu-ray.


Bob's Burgers

Bob's Burgers is an American animated sitcom. Produced By Sinking Ship Entertainment and Dustried By 20th Television It first appeared on television on January 9, 2011. This TV show would be shown during Fox's "Animation Domination" block, a specific television block from Fox that airs on Sunday nights. As of March 2020, the show is on its tenth season, renewed for an eleventh.

The show centers on the Belcher family, who run a hamburger restaurant. Throughout the series, there are stories that relate to the Belcher family and the citizens that live near them.







Napoleon Dynamite (TV series)

Napoleon Dynamite is an American animated sitcom. It aired from January 15 to March 4, 2012 on Fox's "Animation Domination" block. It is based on the movie of the same name. It was a mid-season replacement for "Allen Gregory".

The Flintstones

The Flintstones is an American animated sitcom directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. There were six seasons consisting of 166 episodes. Each episode was 25 minutes long. A pilot episode was released in 1959 and the show aired between September 30, 1960 and April 1, 1966 on ABC.


A new version of "The Flintstones" was scheduled to air in 2013 on Fox and was to be created by Seth MacFarlane. However, the show never made it past production.

Off-label use

Off-label use of a prescription drug is when this drug is used for other indications that for those which it was approved, or that is given to a group for which it was not approved, or the dosage prescribed is different from the one mentioned. Off-label use of drugs is very common. In many countries, drugs need to show that they are effective against a given condition in clinical trials. Before these trials are done, drugs cannot legally be used for indications other than those for which they were tested. 

Sit Down, Shut Up (American TV series)

Sit Down, Shut Up is an animated television sitcom that aired from April 19, 2009 to November 21, 2009 on Fox. It originally aired on the "Animation Domination" block, but was removed and put on Saturdays at midnight. It was based on the Australian series which had the same name.

Global Television Network

Yourgutlobal Teleyourgut Network (mainly called yourgutlobal or yourgutlobal TV) is a Canadian teleyourgut networks. Along with yourgut and yourgut, it is one of the countries major networks. It is Canada's number-two television network.

The network started in a television station of the same name, in South Ontario. The national entity was known as yourgutWest yourgut System until getting the yourgutntario station's branding

In Late 2009, Shaw took over Canwest's broadcast rights as of October 27, 2010. Global is a part of Shaw Media currently.

In television listings such as TV Guide, it is shown as GLO, GLB or GTV.



In October 2004, a HD version started airing, at the time, you had to have digital cable.


So You Think You Can Dance

So You Think You Can Dance is a reality television show franchise. It was created by Simon Fuller and Nigel Lythgoe. It was produced by 19 Entertainment and Dick Clark Productions.

Feathertop: A Moralized Legend

"Feathertop: A Moralized Legend" is a short story by Nathaniel Hawthorne. It was first published in two parts in "The International Magazine" in February and March 1852. It has been adapted to other media including the stage, television, and movies.

The story is set in seventeenth century New England. Mother Rigby is a witch. She builds a scarecrow to protect her garden. She brings the scarecrow to life. She gives the scarecrow the appearance of a normal man. She gives him a pipe. He needs to smoke this pipe to keep himself alive. Mother Rigby names him Feathertop. She sends him into town to woo Polly Gookin. Mother Rigby does not like her father Judge Gookin. Feathertop and Polly begin to fall in love. They look into a magic mirror. Feathertop is reflected as a scarecrow, not as a man. Polly faints. Feathertop rushes back to Mother Rigby. He has been rejected by Polly. He breaks his pipe and collapses in a lifeless heap. Mother Rigby says, "There are thousands upon thousands of coxcombs and charlatans in the world, made up of just such a jumble of wornout, forgotten, and good-for-nothing trash as he was! Yet they live in fair repute, and never see themselves for what they are." She thinks that Feathertop is better off as a scarecrow.


Fox News Sunday

Fox News Sunday is a news public affairs program on Fox Broadcasting Company that is aired on Sunday mornings on that network, and reaired on Sunday evenings on Fox News Network , it was first broadcast on April 28, 1996. Since 2008, it is broadcast in HD. Its first host was Tony Snow, he was later replaced by Chris Wallace when he joined the White House as a secretary. 

Fringe

Fringe is a science fiction drama series. It was first broadcast on September 9, 2008 on Fox. The series ran for five seasons, ending on January 18, 2013.

The Finder (American TV series)

The Finder is an procedural drama television series on Fox. It first aired on January 12, 2012. It is set in Key West, Florida and is a spin-off of "Bones".

Wolf Vostell

Wolf Vostell (14 October 1932–3 April 1998) was a German artist. He made arts in many forms including sculpture, video art, and installations. He was an important artist in the second half of the 20th century. He believed that art should take place in the street, and that the audience should be involved. One of his works, called "130 kms per hour", was a crash between a train and a car.


Alcatraz (TV series)

Alcatraz is a science fiction drama that first aired on January 16, 2012 on the Fox Network.

Touch (TV series)

Touch is an American supernatural drama television series, written and created by Tim Kring for the Fox Broadcasting Company. It was first aired on Wednesday, January 25, 2012 as a preview and on Thursday, March 22, 2012 as a series. 13 episodes have been ordered for the first season by Fox. The series was scheduled to begin on Monday, March 19, 2012, but was moved to Thursday, March 22, 2012, and on Thursday, March 15, 2012, a rerun of the first episode was broadcast. The show has a TV-PG and a TV-14 age rating in the United States. In Canada, the show is broadcast on the Global Television Network, and premiered on the same day at the same time as the U.S. broadcast. The show is produced by 20th Century Fox Television and Chernin Entertainment. In the United States, the second season began airing on Fridays at 9:00 p.m.

The newspaper reporter Martin Bohm was once successful, to his wife in the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001 in one of the towers of the World Trade Center was killed. Since then his life is no longer the same. Its mission is to since, about his autistic son to take care of Jake. Martin fails not only from communicating with his son, but can not cope with his behavioral problems. Soon the youth protection authority is turned on. Clea Hopkins believes that it would be best if Jake would come into a home. Martin sees it differently, because he noticed that his son is three times cut off at the same time from school to access a transmitting tower to climb. May be it soon becomes clear that Jake can predict the future. He gets information and support from Arthur DeWitt, a specialist in children with unusual talents.

On January 19, 2011, Fox announced that there was going to be a new pilot by Tim Kring. On January 26, 2011, Fox announced that the new pilot was going to air in the 2011–2012 television season.

On February 22, 2011, Fox said that Kiefer Sutherland would be the main actor in the show. On June 10, 2011, Danny Glover got a part in the series. On June 16, 2011, Gugu Mbatha-Raw got a part in the show. In July 2011, Titus Welliver got a part in the new show as a social worker.

The characters are created by Tim Kring.



The show mainly has positive reviews with PopMatters said the show was "stunningly effective" and praised "its mix of spirituality and science, familial and global struggles." They also noted that "The boy’s narration, unnervingly matter-of-fact about the nature of the universe, takes on more power when he reveals that in 11 years, he has never spoken a word."

The New York Post said "If you can’t get enough of number sequences and universal cylindrical patterns that constantly repeat, then for sure you’ll repeat the pattern of watching Fox’s new show...It is intriguing, and it’s great to have Sutherland back on TV" but felt "frankly, it’s awfully complicated."

The Chicago Sun Times said the show "operates on the mind-blowing premise that people around the world are linked to one another and their lives intersect — with potentially major repercussions." They finished the review saying it "delivers a suspenseful ride around the world, peppered with some tear-jerking moments. The bar has been set high. Here’s hoping “Touch” continues to reach it."

Kiefer Sutherland's performance has good reviews, with many critics saying "He plays the part with such a combination of intensity and subtlety that we are drawn deep into Martin’s suffering, and rather than judging him, we feel with him. Every trial is etched in his face. He imbued Jack Bauer with similar stoicism, but Martin seems less resilient, more distressed."

The Los Angeles Times gave the show a 40 of 100, which was the lowest review along with Philadelphia Daily News which was also 40 of 100.

On Metacrtic, the Metascore is 63 of 100 based on 27 critic reviews. The average score for users is 8.2 of 10.

The show has a 8.9 out of 10 ("great") score on TV.com.

The show has, for the first time in history, was one of the highest-rated individual channel airing of the season, ranking #1 or #2 in its time period and outperforming the primetime average of the broadcaster by double- or triple-digit percentage increases.

In Italy, it started as the channel's second highest-rated television premiere ever. In Spain, "Touch" ranked #1 for the first episode in the timeslot. In Latin American countries, outperformed the channels' primetime average by double- and triple-digit percentage increases in Argentina, Colombia and Mexico. Other countries had good starts, like Germany, Norway and Russia.

The show has started in over 100 countries including:
Most recent episodes can be viewed on Fox.com in the United States, it can also be viewed on many other sites. In Canada, recently aired full episodes air on Global Video at GlobalTV.com.



List of Yokohama F. Marinos players

The List of Yokohama F. Marinos players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Yokohama F. Marinos is a Japanese professional football club in Yokohama.


World Cup 1994
World Cup 1998
World Cup 2002
World Cup 2006
World Cup 2010



Klamath County, Oregon

Klamath County ( ) is a county which is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The county was named after the Klamath. The Klamath were the tribe of Native Americans living in the area when the first European explorers found the region. , 69,413 people live there. The county seat is at Klamath Falls.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . is land and (3.12%) is water.

Klamath County is represented in the Oregon House of Representatives by two Republicans. These people are Bill Garrard and Mike McLane. Klamath County is represented in the Oregon State Senate by Republican Doug Whitsett. Greg Walden, also a Republican, is Klamath County's representative in the United States House. The county has voted for Republican politicians for many years. The last time a Democratic candidate for US president represented Klamath County was in 1964.


Cornerback

A cornerback is a position on defense in American football. Corners can rush the passer, intercept balls, tackle, and deflect passes. Their main job is to stop the opponent's receivers from making a catch. Cornerbacks usually line up on the edges, or sides, of the defensive line opposite their opponent's receivers. In "zone defense", corners are assigned to a specific area of the field, in which they cannot let anyone make a catch. In "man defense", corners cover one player and try to stop them from catching a ball.

The One That Got Away

"The One That Got Away" is a 2011 hit song by Katy Perry from her album "Teenage Dream". The song talks about Radiohead and Johnny Cash. The song received positive review by music critics, although it only hit #3 on "Billboard" Hot 100. It was the only single from "Teenage Dream" that did not reach number one in the United States. It was released in October 2011.

Jonathan Ogden

Jonathan Philip Ogden is a former American football offensive tackle for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. He played college football for the UCLA Bruins (Is in the UCLA Hall of Fame). Ogden was known for his energetic style.

He was the first player ever drafted by the Ravens. With Baltimore, Ogden became a Super Bowl XXXV champion. He was known as a very good player who was like a brick wall. A turf toe and knee problems eventually forced Ogden to retire after the 2007 season. He was inducted into the Ravens Ring of Honor in 2008. He does commerials for Apple Ford, which sells used cars.

He was voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on February 2, 2013.



Entertainment Tonight Canada

Entertainment Tonight Canada (ET Canada) is a daily entertainment newsmagazine show that airs on Global in Canada. It is based on the American show which has the same name.

Entertainment Tonight

Entertainment Tonight is an entertainment news program. It was first broadcast on September 14, 1981. It is syndicated by CBS Television Distribution in the United States, Canada and in many countries around the world. It is the longest-running entertainment news program. The program was the first syndicated program distributed by satellite. The main anchor since 1982 had been Mary Hart. She left the program on May 20, 2011. Mark Steines and Nancy O'Dell took on the roles of main hosts after Hart left.

The Good Wife

The Good Wife is an American television legal drama set in Chicago, Illinois. It first aired on September 22, 2009 on CBS in the United States.

Hawaii Five-0

Hawaii Five-0 is a drama that first aired on September 20, 2010 on CBS, and is based on the original series.

On May 15, 2011, the series was renewed for a second season, which premiered on September 19, 2011.

The series ended on April 3, 2020.


Terrell Owens

Terrell Eldorado Owens (; born on December 7, 1973, nicknamed "T.O.") is an American football wide receiver for the Allen Wranglers of the Indoor Football League, of where he is also a co-owner. A six-time Pro Bowl selection, Owens holds or shares several National Football League records, and features in the all-time top-five in several receiving categories, including yards and touchdowns. Owens played college football for the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga.

Owens is also well known for the controversy he brings on and off the field. At one point, there were rumors that he attempted suicide, which Owens denied. Owens is now broke.

Owens played college football for the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. He wore #80 to honor Jerry Rice, whom Owens loved to watch as a child. Owens caught 38 passes for 724 yards and eight touchdowns during his sophomore year, and 34 passes for 357 yards and three touchdowns during his junior year. Owens faced double coverage every week during his senior year, and so only had 43 receptions for 667 yards and one touchdown. He also played in the Senior Bowl.

In his NFL career (lasted from 1996 to 2010), Owens showed much talent on the five teams he played for. However, he sparked even more controversy (arguments). Owens was known for his trash-talking, over-the top touchdown celebrations (often more to rub it in on the opponent than to fire his own team up), and off-field drama, where he has help several shirtless workouts, hosts a reality show (The T.O. Show), and has modeled for clothing companies. Despite all the attention he got, Owens has never won a Super Bowl. Owens is the only player to have scored on all 32 teams in the league. (He has actuall scored on them all at least twice.)

Owens was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the 3rd Round of the 1996 NFL Draft. This united Owens with Jerry Rice. Owens's first career score came on a 45-yard touchdown from Steve Young against the Cincinnati Bengals to tie the game in a win. Owens later emerged as the #1 threat in San Francisco.

In 2000, Owens mocked (teased) the Dallas Cowboys after scoring twice from quarterback Jeff Garcia. Since the Cowboys were at home, Owens stood in celebration on the Dallas star twice. It resulted in Cowboys runningback Emmitt Smith slamming his helmet into the turf to get even after he himself scored. Owens scored for a second time, and went back to the star. However, defensive back George Teague knocking Owens off. Owens was called for unsportsmanlike conduct and was suspended for a week by his head coach, while Teague was ejected by the officials.

Later moments with the 49ers included Owens grabbing pom-poms from 49ers cheerleaders and cheering with them, and taking a sharpie out of his sock to sign a touchdown ball.

After a spat with some 49ers front office members, Owens and the team decided to part ways after the 2003 season. Philadelphia quarterback Donovan McNabb wanted Owens to be an Eagle, as did many Eagles fans. Owens was actually traded to the Baltimore Ravens, but Owens challenged the 49ers' right to make the trade and made it clear he did not want to go to Baltimore. Owens eventually won the case, and was sent to the Philadelphia Eagles after the Ravens, 49ers, and Eagles agreed to a rare 3-team trade.

Owens had a great season in 2004 on the field (caught 14 TDs), despite a broken leg by Cowboys safety Roy Williams. Owens's main celebration was copying the dance of Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis in a win against the Ravens. T.O. helped the Philadelphia Eagles to an appearance in Super Bowl XXXIX. However, Owens's controversy was at its high point. He had several feuds with McNabb and the Eagles managament. He was suspended b Phili for most of the 2005 season. That was the last of Owens's time with the Eagles.

Owens signed a three-year contract with the Dallas Cowboys in 2006. Owens (and star QB Tony Romo) enjoyed a good three years. Notable touchdown celebrations while with the Cowboys were sleeping on a ball and grabbing a fan's popcorn to dump down his facemask. The only other form of controversy while Owens was with the Cowboys was when he spit in the face of cornerback DeAngelo Hall, who had, according to Owens, been ""in his face all day." Owens was fined, but the two players made up with the help of Deion Sanders. Owens produced well through the rest of his time in Dallas, but was released after the 2008 season.

Owens signed with the Buffalo Bills in 2009. He played fairly well during his lone season in Buffalo. He also caught a 98-yard touchdown pass, a career long. Owens, however, did not produce as Buffalo hoped when the payed him, and so he was not resigned. However, Owens was credited for not complaining at all publicly, especially since it would have been very easy because the Bills were doing so poorly.

With the Cincinnati Bengals, Owens and friend Chad Ochocinco, who had the same kind of touchdown celebrations, were on the same team. Owens led the Bengals (including Ochocinco) with 983 receiving yards, but was injured and missed the last two games of the 2010 season. Owens was not cleared to play until October 2011. No one wanted to sign him.

Owens signed with the Allen Wranglers of the Indoor Football League for their spring season of 2012. He was also their co-owner. Owens caught three touchdowns in his first game for the Wranglers. However, reports surfaced during this time that Owens was broke.

Terrell Owens was born to L.C. Russel and Marilyn Heard in Alexander City, Alabama. When Terrell was very young, he lived with his mother and grandmother. He grew up with three other siblings. He enjoyed watching football, especially his favorite player, Jerry Rice. However, Owens’ grandmother did not allow him to play sports until high school. (Owens attended Benjamin Russell High School, where he did very well in football, baseball, and basketball.)

Terrell Owens is married and is now a father to sons Terique, Atlin, plus daughters Kylee, and Dasha.


Titanic (2012 TV series)

Titanic is a four-part television drama. It is based on the sinking of the RMS Titanic.

Burnout (vehicle)

A burnout (also known as a peel out or power brake) is the practice of keeping a vehicle still (or close to) and spinning its wheels, causing the tires to heat up and smoke due to friction.

The origins of burnouts can be traced to drag racing, where they have a practical purpose: drag racing tires perform better at higher temperatures. A burnout is the fastest way to raise tire temperature before a race. It also cleans the tires of any debris and lays down a layer of rubber near the starting line for better traction. Drag race tracks sometimes use specially-reserved, wet-surface areas (burnout boxes) for burnouts.

Burnouts are also common in informal street racing, usually for show value. As with all street racing activities, burnouts on public property are illegal in most countries but the severity of punishments vary. In New South Wales, for example, police have the power to confiscate the offending vehicle for 3 months for a first offense. 

In March 2010, British Formula 1 World Champion, Lewis Hamilton had his Mercedes car impounded for allegedly performing a burnout in Melbourne, Australia while leaving the Albert Park Grand-Prix Circuit.

Burnouts are also sometimes performed by winning drivers at the end of NASCAR races to celebrate their victory.

Burnouts in front wheel drive vehicles are likely to result in damage to the vehicle. They are usually achieved by holding the emergency brake (e-brake) to lock up the rear tires while flooring the gas pedal.  
To burnout in a rear wheel drive vehicle the driver usually has to press the gas and brake pedals at the same time.  The brake pedal will require modulation The goal is to allow the rear tires to spin while holding the car in place with the front wheels remaining motionless. At a certain point of balance, the front brakes will prevent the car from moving forward while the rear brakes will have insufficient grip to keep the wheels from spinning, because engine power is transferred to the rear wheels only.

It is possible to make rear-wheel drive burnouts easier by installing "line locks", devices which allow fluid pressure on the front brakes to be maintained while releasing the pedal to free the rear brakes. This is useful in a manual transmission vehicle, where it can be quite difficult to manipulate the clutch, brake and gas pedals simultaneously. Line locks also reduce wear to the rear brakes, a common problem otherwise.

Burnouts are most difficult to perform in four-wheel drive and all-wheel drive cars, as they have better traction than FWD or RWD vehicles. It requires significantly more powerful engines to break all four tires loose at the same time and the tires will spin for only a short while before all four gain traction.


Jamboree

A jamboree is a scouting event. It is a large meeting of scouts from across a country or many countries. The first World Scout Jamboree was in 1920, in the United Kingdom. Since then, there have been 22 world jamborees, hosted in different countries. It is usually every four years.

The next major jamboree will be in Sri Lanka on 29 April 2012. Over 200 countries will participate and more than 5000 scouts from around the globe for this international event.

Scarecrow

A scarecrow is a figure usually made of sticks. It looks like a person. It is dressed in old clothes. A farmer puts a scarecrow in a field after he has planted seeds. He hopes the scarecrow will frighten birds away from the field. Some birds such as crows and sparrows eat the seeds the farmer plants. He does not want the birds to do this. If the birds eat the seeds, the farmer will not have a big crop of things to eat.

Scarecrows are sometimes characters in stories. Nathaniel Hawthorne wrote a story about a scarecrow who comes to life in "Feathertop". The most famous storybook scarecrow is probably the one in "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" by L. Frank Baum.


The Wonderful Wizard of Oz

The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (sometimes called The Wizard of Oz) is a childrens' book. It was written by L. Frank Baum. The book was first published by the George M. Hill Company on 17 May 1900. The first edition has pictures drawn by W. W. Denslow. It is the first "Oz" book. 

The story has been reprinted many times. New pictures have been made for the story and sometimes the title is just "The Wizard of Oz". This is also the title of a musical play written in 1900 and a movie made in 1939 starring Judy Garland.

Dorothy Gale is a young girl who lives with her Aunt Em, Uncle Henry, and dog, Toto, on a farm in Kansas. One day, Dorothy and Toto are caught up in a cyclone that takes them and the farmhouse into Munchkin Country in the magical Land of Oz. The falling house has killed the Wicked Witch of the East, the evil ruler of the Munchkins. 

The Good Witch of the North arrives with three grateful Munchkins and gives Dorothy the magical silver shoes that originally belonged to the Wicked Witch. The Good Witch tells Dorothy that the only way she can return home to Kansas is to follow the yellow brick road to the Emerald City and ask the great and powerful Wizard of Oz to help her. As Dorothy begins on her journey, the Good Witch of the North kisses her on the forehead, giving her magical protection from harm.

On her way down the yellow brick road, Dorothy frees a Scarecrow from the pole on which he is hanging, applies oil from a can to the rusted joints of a Tin Woodman, and meets a Cowardly Lion. The Scarecrow wants a brain, the Tin Woodman wants a heart, and the Lion wants courage, so Dorothy encourages them to journey with her and Toto to the Emerald City to ask for help from the Wizard.

After several adventures, the travellers arrive at the Emerald City and meet the Guardian of the Gates, who asks them to wear green tinted glasses to keep their eyes from being blinded by the city's brilliance. Each one is called to see the Wizard. He agrees to help them all if they kill the Wicked Witch of the West, who rules over Winkie Country. The Guardian warns them that no one has ever managed to defeat the Witch of the West.

The Wicked Witch of the West uses the power of her Golden Cap to send the Winged Monkeys to capture Dorothy, Toto, and the Lion. Dorothy is forced to become the witch's slave, while the Witch schemes to steal her silver shoes' powerful magic. The witch tricks Dorothy out of one of her silver shoes. Angered, Dorothy throws a bucket of water at the witch and is shocked to see her melt away. Dorothy finds the witch's Golden Cap and summons the Winged Monkeys to carry her and her friends back to the Emerald City. 

When Dorothy and her friends meet the Wizard again, Toto tips over a screen in a corner of the throne room that reveals "the Wizard", who sadly explains he is a humbug—an ordinary old man who, by a hot air balloon, came to Oz long ago from Omaha. He decides to take Dorothy and Toto home in his balloon. Toto chases a kitten in the crowd and Dorothy goes after him, but the ropes holding the balloon break and the Wizard floats away without them.

The Soldier with the Green Whiskers informs Dorothy that Glinda, the Good Witch of the South may be able to help her return home. Dorothy summons the Winged Monkeys a third time to fly them over a hill to Glinda's castle. Glinda reveals that Dorothy's silver shoes can take her anywhere she wishes to go. Dorothy takes Toto in her arms, knocks her heels together three times, and wishes to return home. As the magical silver shoes take her to Kansas, they fall off and are lost forever.

Arvo Pärt

Arvo Pärt (born 11 September 1935) is an Estonian composer. He wrote a large amount of religious music. Pärt is sometimes called a minimalist or 'holy minimalist'. The first piece he wrote used a style called serialism. He is influenced by the sound of Gregorian chant, and has created his own technique for composing, which he calls tintinnabuli.

List of Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players

The List of Consadole Sapporo players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Consadole Sapporo is a Japanese professional football club in Sapporo on the island of Hokkaido.




William Wallace Denslow

William Wallace Denslow (; May 5, 1856 – March 29, 1915), is known as W. W. Denslow. He was an American illustrator and caricaturist. He was born in Philadelphia. He had some art school training, but he was mostly self-taught. He designed books and posters. Denslow illustrated L. Frank Baum's "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" and other books by Baum. They parted after an argument over copyright royalties.

Denslow illustrated "Denslow's Mother Goose" in 1901, and "Denslow's Night Before Christmas" in 1902. He illustrated the 18-volume "Denslow's Picture Books" series in 1903–04. He drew comic strips with Father Goose, the Scarecrow, and the Tin Woodman as characters. He created the comic strip "Billy Bounce". Billy was one of the first comics characters with superpowers. Denslow bought Buck's Island, Bermuda. He crowned himself King Denslow I. He was married three times and had one son. He died in New York City of pneumonia.


Margaret Hamilton

Margaret Brainard Hamilton (December 9, 1902 – May 16, 1985) was an American movie actress. She is best known for playing the Wicked Witch of the West in the 1939 movie "The Wizard of Oz". In movies, she often played older, unmarried women from New England who was extremely practical but did not enjoy jokes. Hamilton's plain looks helped to bring steady work as a character actress. Late in life she appeared in sitcoms and television commercials. 

She was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She married Paul Boynton Meserve in 1931. They had a son. They divorced. She never married again. She lived in New York City for most of her adult life. She later moved to Millbrook, New York. She died of a heart attack on May 16, 1985 in Connecticut. She was cremated at Poughkeepsie Rural Cemetery. Her ashes were scattered.

Joseph Kony

Joseph Kony (pronounced ; born 1961) is a Ugandan guerrilla group leader. He is the head of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA). While he had a lot of support from the public, the LRA turned against its supporters. They said that they did this to "purify" the Acholi people and turn Uganda into a theocracy ruled by the Ten Commandments. 

The LRA is known for the very bad things it does to civilians. Two of these things are murder and rape.

The LRA has become known for what it does against the people of several countries. Some of these countries are northern Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Central African Republic, South Sudan, and Sudan. It has stolen and forced about 66,000 children to fight for them. 

In 2005, Kony was accused of war crimes by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. He has not yet been captured.

Kony was born in 1961 in Odek. Odek is a village which is east of Gulu in northern Uganda. He is a member of the Acholi people. His father was called Luizi Obol. He was a farmer. His mother was called Nora. Kony had a good relationship with his siblings, but if they had arguments, he would quickly fight back. Also, when challenged he would often use physical violence. Kony was an altar boy for several years. However, he stopped going to church around the age of 15 and also dropped out of school.

As a teenager, Kony was being trained to be the village witch doctor by Jamie Brow, his older brother. When Jamie died, Kony took over the position.

On October 6, 2005, the International Criminal Court (ICC) said that the arrest had been given for five members of the Lord's Resistance Army. These were for crimes against humanity. On the next day Ugandan defence minister Amama Mbabazi said that the warrants include Kony, his deputy Vincent Otti, and LRA commanders Raska Lukwiya, Okot Odiambo, and Dominic Ongwen. The Ugandan military says that the Ugandan army killed Lukwiya on August 12, 2006. The BBC heard that Otti had been killed on October 2, 2007, at Kony's home. In November 2022, Al Jazera reported that the International Criminal Court (ICC) was trying to reopen their court case against Kony.



List of FC Tokyo players

The List of F.C. Tokyo players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

F.C. Tokyo is a Japanese professional football club in Tokyo.




NYC 22

NYC 22 (formerly known as Rookies and then The 2-2) is a police drama that began airing on April 15, 2012, as a midseason replacement for "". It aired on Sundays at 10:00 PM on CBS in the United States.

On May 13, 2012, the series was cancelled by CBS.

The series shows a diverse group of rookie New York Police Department officers, they patrol Upper Manhattan.


According to TV by the Numbers, following the first episode, "The series premiere of "NYC 22" drew just a 1.5 adults 18–49 rating at 10pm...That compares with a 2.1 rating average for new episodes of "CSI: Miami" since January, and a 1.7 for the significantly delayed finale last week." The same site's "Renew-Cancel Index", which analyzes the odds of shows being renewed or canceled by comparing them to the 18–49 ratings for all the scripted shows on the same network, scored the show with a 0.51 index rating (51% of CBS's scripted average) and categorized the show as "certain to be canceled". Four weeks later, on May 13, 2012, the series was canceled.


NCIS: Los Angeles

NCIS: Los Angeles (Naval Criminal Investigative Service: Los Angeles) is a police drama that first aired on September 22, 2009, on CBS in the United States.

On January 20, 2023, it was announced that the series would end after the current fourteenth season, with the series finale airing on May 21, 2023.

2011–12 United States network television schedule

The following is the 2011–12 United States network television schedule.

Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2010–11:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2010–11:
Returning series

New series
Not returning from 2010–11:
Returning series

New series
Not returning from 2010–11:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2010–11:

















Comedytime Saturday

"Comedytime Saturday" is the official branding for a one-hour programming block in the 2011-12 television season on CBS. It airs reruns of shows on Thursdays and Mondays on CBS. "How to Be a Gentleman" was moved on this block when episodes got burned off, and "Rules of Engagement" moved to its timeslot (Thursdays at 8:30 PM).

Crimetime Saturday

"Crimetime Saturday" is the official branding for a programming block that started in 2004–05 on the American CBS and Canadian CTV networks between 9 and 11 p.m. ET/PT on Saturday nights.

How to Be a Gentleman

How to Be a Gentleman was an American sitcom that first aired on September 29, 2011 and last aired on June 23, 2012.

The Firm (2012 TV series)

The Firm is a Canadian-American drama that first aired on January 8, 2012 on Global and NBC.

On February 3, 2012, NBC and Global announced that the series would be pulled from its Thursday 10/9c slot immediately, and placed on Saturdays at 9/8c starting on February 18.

Bokmål

Bokmål (, ; ) is one of two official written forms of Norwegian; the other is Nynorsk. Bokmål is used by 85-90% of the population in Norway and the usual way to teach to foreign students.

Bokmål is regulated by the government's Norwegian Language Council. A more conservative orthographic standard is called "Riksmål", which is regulated by the non-governmental Norwegian Academy for Language and Literature.

Bío Bío Region

The Bío Bío Region () is one of Chile's 16 first order administrative divisions. Its capital is Concepción, the second city of Chile after the national capital, Santiago.

The region is named after its main river: the Bío Bío river.

The Spanish conquistador Pedro de Valdivia founded the city of Concepción in 1550 at the mouth of the Bío Bío river. He died in 1553 during the Arauco War against the Mapuche people.

The Region has been hit by many earthquakes, including the most powerful earthquake ever recorded (the Great Chilean Earthquake in 1960) and the earthquake of 2010, when many communities in the region were greatly affected by the earthquake and the following tsunami.

The Bío Bío region has area of .

It borders the Ñuble region to the north, Argentina to the east, the Araucanía region to the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

The main river in the region is the Bío Bío River. It is long. It is the second longest river of Chile after the Loa River.

The Bío Bío Region has 1,557,414 inhabitants (2017 census). It is the third region by population, after the Valparaíso Region. Its population density was .

The Bío Bío region is further subdivided into three provinces: Arauco, Bío Bío and Concepción.



Samari Rolle

Samari Rolle (b. August 10, 1976 is a retired American football player. He played as a cornerback for the Florida Seminoles in college football. Rolle played in the National Football League from 1997 through 2009. He played for the Houston Oilers (and Tennessee Titans when they were created) from 1997 through 2004 and finished his career as a veteran with the Baltimore Ravens. 

In 2000, Rolle earned a Pro Bowl selection as he intercepted seven passes (one touchdown) for Tennessee. In 2007, Rolle was diagnosed with epilepsy, and won the Ravens' Ed Block Courage Award. In 2008, Rolle Rolle lost his father, but intercepted a pass the game he returned. He also got an interception for the Ravens in a 2008 playoff victory over Rolle's former team, the Titans. He was injured on the Physically Unable to Perform list for all of 2009. Rolle wore #21 with the Titans and #22 with the Ravens.


Frank Morgan

Frank Morgan (February 1, 1880 – December 12, 2009) was an American actor. His real name was Francis Phillip Wuppermann. He was born in New York City. He attended Cornell University. His brother, Ralph, was in show business. Morgan began acting in 1902. On movies, he played various characters in the 1939 movie "The Wizard of Oz". Morgan was married and had a son. He died of a heart attack on December 12, 2009. He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.


Little Nemo

Little Nemo is the main fictional character in a series of weekly comic strips by Winsor McCay. These comic strips appeared in the "New York Herald" and "New York American" newspapers from October 15, 1905 – July 23, 1911 and September 3, 1911 – July 26, 1914. The strip was first called "Little Nemo in Slumberland" and then "In the Land of Wonderful Dreams". Little Nemo in Slumberland came back for a short time from 1924-1927. 

The comic was about the dreams of a little boy named Nemo. His name means "nobody" in Latin. In the first strips he tried to go to Slumberland. That was the land of King Morpheus. The King wanted Nemo as a friend for his daughter, the Princess. The last picture in each strip always was Nemo waking up, in or near his bed. Then the grownups were angry with him, because he had waken them up. Or they comforted him because he was sad.

In the earliest strips, the dream would end because of a disaster that could hurt or kill Nemo. These events would be something like falling from a bridge, becoming a monkey, or becoming 90 years older. Later on Nemo reached Slumberland. Then "Flip" always woke him up. Flip wore a hat that had 'Wake Up' written on it. Other characters in the strip were Dr. Pill, The Imp, the Candy Kid, and Santa Claus.

The strip was not a very big success from 1905 to 1927. Most comics readers liked the slapstick actions of the "Katzenjammer Kids", "Happy Hooligan", and "Buster Brown" (other comic strips) more than the surreal (not real) fantasy of Nemo. From the 1970s until now, people like the strip more. Many of the original strips were found at a comic strip studio in 1966. They were shown at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. 
Very special of Nemo was that the pictures were very difficult, had many details and beautiful colours. Also the story was special, because it was a fast story and had many strange characters and places.

Krazy Kat

Krazy Kat is a comic strip created by cartoonist George Herriman. It was published daily in newspapers between 1913 and 1944. It first appeared in the "New York Evening Journal". Its owner, William Randolph Hearst, was a major booster for the strip throughout its run. 

The "Krazy Kat" characters were introduced in another Herriman strip "The Dingbat Family". The phrase "Krazy Kat" originated there. It was the mouse's way of describing the cat. The strip is set in Herriman's vacation home of Coconino County, Arizona. "Krazy Kat" is mixture of offbeat surrealism, innocent playfulness, and poetic, idiosyncratic language. 

The strip focuses on the curious love triangle between Krazy Kat, a carefree, simple-minded cat; Ignatz Mouse; and police dog, Offissa Bull Pupp. Krazy has an unrequited love for the mouse. Ignatz despises Krazy. He throws bricks at Krazy's head. Krazy thinks this is a sign of the Mouse's affection. Krazy utters grateful replies such as "Li'l dollink, allus f'etful". Offissa Pupp is Coconino County's administrator of law and order. He makes it his mission to interfere with Ignatz's brick-tossing plans. He locks the mouse in the county jail.

The detailed characterization and Herriman's visual and verbal creativity made "Krazy Kat" one of the first comics to be praised by intellectuals. The strip was treated as "serious" art. Critic Gilbert Seldes wrote at length about the strip in 1924, calling it "the most amusing and fantastic and satisfactory work of art produced in America today." Poet E. E. Cummings admired Herriman and wrote the introduction to the first collection of the strip in book form. "Krazy Kat" was only a modest success during its initial run. In more recent years, many modern cartoonists have cited "Krazy Kat" as a major influence on their own work.


Pierre-Simon Laplace

Pierre-Simon Laplace (23 March 1749 – 5 March 1827), later Marquis de Laplace, was a French mathematician and astronomer.

His work helped to develop mathematical astronomy and statistics. His five volume "Mécanique Céleste" (Celestial Mechanics) (1799–1825) was a key work. In it, he changed the geometric study of classical mechanics to one based on calculus, which meant it could tackle a wider range of problems. In statistics, the so-called Bayesian interpretation of probability was mainly developed by Laplace.

He invented Laplace's equation, and pioneered the Laplace transform which is used in many branches of mathematical physics. The Laplacian differential operator, widely used in mathematics, is also named after him.

Laplace's view on the origin of the Solar System is still ours today. He recognised, like Newton, that the key force in the Solar System was gravitation. Gravitation caused the coming together of gas and small particles into one central mass (which became the Sun) with other smaller groups (the planets), held to the central star by gravitation.

Laplace proved that the small irregularities in planetary motion were self-correcting, and that the solar system as a whole was stable. This meant the solar system was going to exist in the present state for a very long time. He worked out some problems in the moon's orbit, and how the moon caused tides.

Laplace also came close to getting the concept of the black hole. He pointed out that there could be massive stars whose gravity is so great that not even light could escape from their surface (see escape velocity). Laplace also speculated that some of the nebulae revealed by telescopes may not be part of the Milky Way and might actually be galaxies themselves. Thus, he anticipated Edwin Hubble's major discovery 100 years in advance.


Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban

Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban is a commune of 5,270 people (2008). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the south of France.

A campus of the École nationale de l'aviation civile is located in the commune.


Inselberg

An inselberg or monadnock is a large rock formation that sits on its own, surrounded by flat lowlands. It can be a hill, ridge or small mountain. They are found in hot, dry areas of land. The name means "island mountain".

Great Slave Lake

Great Slave Lake () is the second-largest lake in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is the deepest lake in North America at 614m, and the ninth-largest lake in the world. It is long and wide. It covers . The lake shares its name with the Slavey First Nations. Towns on the lake include: Yellowknife, Hay River, Behchoko, Fort Resolution, Lutselk'e, Hay River Reserve, Dettah and N'Dilo.

North American Aboriginal Peoples were the first people to live around the lake. They built communities including Dettah, which still exists today. British fur trader Samuel Hearne explored the area in 1771 and crossed the frozen lake. He named it Lake Athapuscow. This was a misunderstanding of the name Athabaska. In 1897-1898, the American frontiersman Charles "Buffalo" Jones traveled to the Arctic Circle.

In the 1930s, gold was discovered there, and the city of Yellowknife was founded. It became the capital of the Northwest Territories. In 1967, an all-season highway was built around the lake, originally an extension of the Mackenzie Highway but now known as Yellowknife Highway or Highway 3. On January 24, 1978, a Soviet Radar Ocean Reconnaissance Satellite, named Kosmos 954 fell from orbit and broke apart. The satellite had an on board nuclear reactor. Pieces of the nuclear core fell near the Great Slave Lake. 90% of the nuclear debris was recovered by a group called Operation Morning Light. They included people from both the United States and Canada.

The Hay, Slave and Taltson Rivers enter the lake. The Mackenzie River flows out. The western shore has forests, but the east shore and northern arm are tundra-like. The southern and eastern shores reach the edge of the Canadian Shield. The Great Slave Lake remains from a large post-glacial lake along with other lakes such as the Great Bear and Athabasca.

The main western part of the lake is a bowl with a surface area of and a volume of . This main portion has a maximum depth of and a mean depth of . To the east, McLeod Bay () and Christie Bay () are much deeper, with a maximum recorded depth in Christie Bay of .

There is the nesting site of a flock of Whooping Cranes south of Great Slave Lake, in a remote corner of Wood Buffalo National Park.

There is one ice road on Great Slave Lake. It connects Yellowknife to Dettah.



List of NHL players (S)

This is a list of National Hockey League (NHL) players who have played at least one game in the NHL from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with "S".

















Johann Friedrich Blumenbach

Johann Friedrich Blumenbach (11 May 1752 – 22 January 1840) was a German physician, naturalist, physiologist and anthropologist. He was one of the first to explore the study of mankind as an aspect of natural history. He used comparative anatomy to classify human races, of which he listed five.

Blumenbach divided the human species into five races in 1779. Later he based them on the anatomy of the human skull. Blumenbach's work included the description of sixty skulls published as "Decas craniorum" (Göttingen 1790–1828). This was a founding work for other scientists.

He called the five races (1793/1795):

He did not think other races were inferior to the Caucasian race, and were potentially good members of society.

Anatomical study led him to the conclusion that 'individual Africans differ as much, or even more, from other individual Africans as Europeans differ from Europeans'. Furthermore he thought that Africans were not inferior to the rest of mankind 'concerning healthy faculties of understanding, excellent natural talents and mental capacities'.
"Finally, I am of opinion that after all these numerous instances I have brought together of negroes of capacity, it would not be difficult to mention entire well-known provinces of Europe, from out of which you would not easily expect to obtain off-hand such good authors, poets, philosophers, and correspondents of the Paris Academy; and on the other hand, there is no so-called savage nation known under the sun which has so much distinguished itself by such examples of perfectibility and original capacity for scientific culture, and thereby attached itself so closely to the most civilized nations of the earth, as the Negro."
These ideas were far less influential. His ideas were adopted by other researchers and encouraged scientific racism. Blumenbach's work was used by many biologists and comparative anatomists in the nineteenth century who were interested in the origin of races: Wells, Lawrence, Prichard, Huxley and William Flower are good examples of his influence on human biology.

Regarding human origins, Blumenbach believed the first humans had originated in Asia.

List of Canadian painters

The following is a brief alphabetical list of professional Canadian artists primarily working in watercolour or oil paint. See other articles for information on Canadian art or a List of Canadian artists for other information.






















Homare Sawa

As a professional athlete, she was played with the Women's United Soccer Association from 2001 to 2003. In 2004 she was named Women's Player of the Year for the Asian Football Confederation. In 2009 and 2010, Sawa was part of Women's Professional Soccer.

Sawa has played for the Japan national team, including the team which won the 2011 World Cup. She participated in the last five World Cups. Sawa was part of the women's team at the 1996, the 2004, the 2008. She was a member of the team which won a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics at London.

In 2012, Sawa was named the "FIFA Women's World Player of the Year". In ceremonies in Switzerland, she was awarded the 2011 FIFA Ballon d'Or. Japanese government officials commented that Sawa and her team-mates inspired confidence after the devastation caused by 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.


Yanick Dupre Memorial Award

The Yanick Dupre Memorial Award is presented annually to the American Hockey League's man of the year for service to his local community. The award winner is chosen by the league president. It was named after former Hershey Bears player Yanick Dupre, who died of leukemia at age 24.


List of Júbilo Iwata players

The List of Júbilo Iwata players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Júbilo Iwata is a Japanese professional football club in Iwata.




Foot fetishism

Foot fetishism (or "foot fetish") is a sexual interest in human feet. The fetishist has an interest in foot shapes (such as foot arches or foot sizes), toe sizes, smell or foot wear (such as shoes, bracelets, or socks). The foot fetish is the most common fetish that is not the genitals. The fetish is most common for males, although females may also have this fetish.

A footjob is using feet to rub the penis (or sometimes the vagina or breasts) in a sexual way. It is a type of masturbation done with two people.

List of Kashima Antlers players

The List of Kashima Antlers players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Kashima Antlers is a Japanese professional football club in Kashima.




CTV 2

CTV 2 is an English language television network in Canada. It is owned by Bell Media.

In 2007, CTVglobemedia bought A Channel in 2007 as part of taking over CHUM Limited. Media analysts thought that CTV might use its famous CTV name for that channel, but they changed the channel's name to A in 2008. Later on August 29, 2011, they rebranded it again as CTV Two.

Billy Bean

William Daro "Billy" Bean (born May 11, 1964 in Santa Ana, California) is a former Major League Baseball player. He attended Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles. He was an outfielder, a pinch hitter, and a first baseman. He threw and batted left. Bean is gay, and wrote a book, "Going the Other Way: Lessons from a Life in and out of Major League Baseball". For 13 years, Bean was the partner of Efrain Viega, the founder of Yuca restaurant in Miami. They broke up in July 2008. Bean has appeared on television. He starred in a MTV episode of "Made", and he was an actor in an episode of the sitcom "Frasier".


America's Funniest Home Videos

America's Funniest Home Videos is a American reality-comedy show. The show originally aired on ABC.

The X Factor (American TV series)

The X Factor USA is an American television music competition. The winner gets a recording contract and 5 million dollars. It first aired on September 21, 2011 on Fox. There have been three winners; Melanie Amaro, Tate Stevens and Alex & Sierra.

On February 7, 2014, Fox announced that "The X Factor" got canceled due to Simon Cowell, who went back at the UK version of the show.

Season 1 was hosted by Steve Jones. For season 2, he was replaced by Khloé Kardashian and Mario Lopez. For season 3, Mario Lopez returned as the host but Kardashian did not.

The original panel consisted of Simon Cowell, Paula Abdul, Nicole Scherzinger and L.A. Reid. After season 1, Paula and Nicole were replaced by Demi Lovato and Britney Spears. In season 3, L.A. Reid was replaced by Kelly Rowland.

The Yellow Kid

The Yellow Kid is the name of a comic strip character. He appeared from 1895 to 1898 in the "New York World", and later in the "New York Journal". The Yellow Kid was created and drawn by Richard F. Outcault in the comic strip "Hogan's Alley". It was one of the first Sunday supplement comic strips in an American newspaper. Its graphical layout had already been established in political and other, purely-for-entertainment cartoons. 

The Yellow Kid was a bald, snaggle-toothed boy who wore an over-sized yellow nightshirt and hung around in a slum alley. This alley was typical of certain areas of squalor that existed in turn of the 19th to 20th century New York City. Hogan's Alley was filled with equally odd characters, mostly other children. With a goofy grin, the Kid spoke in a ragged, peculiar slang. This slang was printed on his shirt, a device meant to mock advertising billboards.


2010–11 United States network television schedule

The following is the 2010–11 United States network television schedule.

New series are highlighted in bold.

All times given are in U.S. Eastern Time and Pacific Time (except for some live events or specials). Subtract one hour for Central and Mountain times.

Note: In February 2011, CBS and Warner Bros. stop producing Two and a Half Men for the rest of the season because of the firing of Charlie Sheen. So it aired reruns of the show.

Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2009–10:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2009–10:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2009–10:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2009–10:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2009–10:

















Citytv

City (formerly called Citytv) is a Canadian English language television system owned by Rogers.

CITY Toronto, Ontario

CKAL Calgary, Alberta


Toon Disney

Toon Disney was an American Saturday and Sunday morning owned by The CW. 


MTV2

MTV2 is a cable network in the United States. It was launched on August 1, 1996 as M2.

Iwata, Shizuoka

Iwata is made of 5 communities merged together: kyu-Iwata (former Iwata), Toyoda-cho, Fukude-cho, Ryuyo-cho, Toyoka-mura.
Part of Yamaha Corporation is in Iwata.

There has been a settlement in the area of Iwata since ancient times.
During the Edo period, "Mitsuke-juku" was one of 53 government waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road, which was a coastal route that ran from Edo (modern-day Tokyo) to Kyoto.



Kashima, Ibaraki

An urban area developed around Kashima Shrine ("Kashima-jinga").

It prospered as a temple town in Kashima temple which is Kuniichi Hitachi Miya.

After World War II, the economy of the region around the port city grew larger.

The Kajima seaside industrial zone centering on the Kashima harbor is formed.
Kashima city is an industrial city centering on a steel company.

The Kashima Antlers is an association football team in Kashima. It is utilizing soccer for town revitalization mainly by the Antlers.


Marcus Salvius Otho

Marcus Salvius Otho (Marcus Salvius Otho Caesar Augustus, 28 April 32 –16 April 69 ) was a Roman military commander who became Roman Emperor in 69 CE. He led a coup against the Emperor Galba, but was defeated in a battle by Vitellius only eight weeks later. He took his own life after the battle. The year 69 was known as the Year of the Four Emperors.

Bornhardt

A bornhardt () is a big dome-shaped, steep-sided, bald rock formation. They are a kind of inselberg. They are usually made up of granites or gneisses, but can sometimes be found in other rock types like limestone, sandstone and conglomerate. They are named after Wilhelm Bornhardt (1864–1946), the German geologist who first described the feature.



Tosu, Saga

In 1874, disagreements with the central government of Japan became an armed conflict. This was called the . This involved regions of the modern city.




Lorenzo de' Medici

Lorenzo de' Medici (1 January 1449 – 9 April 1492) was an Italian statesman and de facto ruler of the Florentine Republic during the Italian Renaissance. He was called Lorenzo the Magnificent ("Lorenzo il Magnifico") by Florentines. He was a diplomat, politician and patron of scholars, artists, and poets. He is probably best known for what he gave to the world of art. He gave large amounts of money to artists so that they could make very good artwork. When he died, the Golden Age of Florence ended. The peace he helped keep between the many Italian states collapsed when he died. Lorenzo de' Medici is buried in the Medici Chapel in Florence.

Lorenzo was an artist. He wrote poetry in Tuscan.

Lorenzo's agents took a lot of classical works from the east. Lorenzo had a large workshop to copy his books and spread their content across Europe. He supported the development of humanism through his friends who studied Greek philosophers, and tried to merge the ideas of Plato with Christianity. In this group were the philosophers Marsilio Ficino, Poliziano and Giovanni Pico della Mirandola.




Kashiwa, Chiba

It has been recognized as a core city since 1996.

In the Edo period, the area around Kashiwa was directly controlled by the Tokugawa shogunate. These lands were known as "tenryō".



List of Kashiwa Reysol players

The List of Kashiwa Reysol players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Kashiwa Reysol is a Japanese professional football club in Kashiwa, which is northeast of Tokyo in Chiba Prefecture.




Offal

"Offal" is the name for the internal organs or entrails of a dead animal.

It means "eatable parts apart from the muscles". It includes the heart, kidneys, lungs, livers, intestines and brains. The word can also be used to cover other parts of the animal including the tongue, tail and feet. The word offal means the parts that fall off when the animal is cut up for meat. Offal from birds are called "giblets". In some parts of the world people eat offal, and in others doing so is considered taboo or strange.

Kyūshū Shinkansen

The is a Japanese high-speed railway line between Fukuoka and Kagoshima in Kyushu. The line is operated by the Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyushu). 

The southern 127 km opened on 13 March 2004. 

The northern 130 km section opened on 12 March 2011. Service began with a quiet start because of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

Jura Mountains

The Jura Hills are a long mountain arc. The Jura rock or stone consists of limestone. It reaches from Lake Geneva to the Rhine River. The Jura Hills are not only in Switzerland, but also in France. The Chasseral is one of the highest hills in the Jura Mountains. It has an altitude of 1607 metres above sea level. The highest part of the Jura Hills is the “Crêt de la Neige“ in France and it is 1718 metres high. Many fossils and dinosaur tracks have been found there. The rocks of the Jura were formed between 144 million and 208 million years ago. The agriculture and winter tourism are very important for the principal economics. 


Arkose

Arkose is a kind of sandstone which is rich in the mineral feldspar. It is made mostly of quartz, but also has at least 25% feldspar. It may also consist of fragments (bits) of rock. Arkose usually contains small amounts of calcite cement, which may also contain iron oxide. Arkose is normally grey to reddish in colour. The sand grains making up arkose are usually coarse.

Arkose is generally formed from the weathering of igneous or metamorphic rocks. These are usually granite rocks, which contain a lot of feldspar and quartz. Arkose is often found with conglomerate deposits where the sediment is made of granite. The central Australian monolith Uluru is made of late Neoproterozoic/Cambrian arkose, deposited by the erosion of a granite-based mountain range.

Styx (disambiguation)

Styx has several different meanings:


Justified

Justified has several different meanings:

Justified (TV series)

Justified is an American crime drama television series based on the books written by Elmore Leonard and aired on FX. It is set in Harlan County, Kentucky.

Jason Donovan

Jason Donovan (born 1 June 1968) is an Australian actor and singer. Donovan became famous when he played Scott Robinson in "Neighbours" from 1986 to 1989. He was a contestant in the 2006 series of "I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here!" and in the 2011 series of "Strictly Come Dancing". He hosts a show on Heart Network Radio in the UK on Sunday afternoons.

Donovan was born in Malvern, Melbourne. He was taught at De La Salle College. He is the son of actor Terence Donovan and newsreader Sue McIntosh. The youngest of his three maternal half-sisters is actress-singer Stephanie McIntosh.


Jarret Johnson

Jarret Webster Johnson (born August 14, 1981) is an American former professional football outside linebacker. He played 12 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens and San Diego Chargers. He played college football at the University of Alabama. Johnson appreciated as an "unsung hero" and defensive leader by Baltimore fans. Johnson scored two career touchdowns and was a steady presence on a great Ravens defense.

On March 14, 2012, Johnson signed a 4-year contract with the San Diego Chargers. On February 24, 2015, Johnson announced that he was retiring from playing professional football.

Linebacker

A linebacker is a defensive position in the game of American football. There are two kinds of linebackers. One is the outside linebacker (OLB), whose job is to tackle players, rush the passer, and sometimes drop back in coverage to prevent catches. The middle linebacker (MLB) is often called the "quarterback of the defense," as they direct many formations and are often looked up to as leaders and very good players, mostly handling the job of tackling as well.

Linebackers can appear in different formations, or looks. In a 4-3 defense, there are three linebackers; usually two OLBs and a MLB in the middle.

A 4-4 defense relies more heavily on linebackers. That system includes four linebackers.

Linebackers are often called the original name.
Strong-side OLB: Sam (S) MLB: Mike (M) Weak-side OLB: Willy (W) 

Strong-side OLB: Sam (S) Strong-side MLB: Mike (M) Weak-side MLB: Kenny (K) Weak-side OLB: Willy (W)

Lambeau Field

Lambeau Field is a stadium in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The stadium is home to the Green Bay Packers, an American football team that plays in the National Football League. The stadium is named after the Packers' founder Curly Lambeau.


Kelly McGillis

Kelly McGillis (born July 9, 1957) is an American actress. She was born in Newport Beach, California. She starred in "Witness", "Top Gun" and "The Accused".

McGillis is openly lesbian.

Disney XD

Disney XD is an American digital cable and satellite television network. It is owned by Disney and ABC. It started on the Internet in 2007 and began broadcasting as a television network in 2009. Disney XD mostly airs action-oriented children's animated television series, with some live-action programming and movies aimed at ages 6 to 11. for Disney XD (UK and Ireland)

Disney XD broadcasts programming that is created for the network. The original programming includes "Zeke and Luther", "Kickin' It", "Pair of Kings" and "Lab Rats". The network broadcasts some of the more popular Disney Channel series. These series include "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody", "The Suite Life on Deck", "Wizards of Waverly Place", "Phineas and Ferb" and "So Random!"

They also broadcast programs that were shown on other networks. Many of these are based on characters from the Mavel Universe. Disney bought Marvel Comics in 2009. Because of this, more programs based on Marvel comics will be shown on Disney XD starting in April 2012.

Begining in 2019, with the build up towards the launch of Disney+ and especially during its international expansion during 2020, several Disney XD channels worldwide have began to shut down, mostly in regions where Disney+ is already available. 

As of February 1, 2021, only 5 Disney XD channels remain active, with these being present in the following countries: United States, Canada, Latin America, Netherlands and Poland, with the last one being the only one to cover an area where Disney+ is still absent.

Disney XD's schedule consists largely of animated and live-action programs aimed at pre-teens and young teenagers. Disney XD content is a mixture of former original series as well as programs inherited from sister network Disney Channel. In addition to full-length live-action and animated original series, the channel also debuts short series similar to those seen on Disney Channel during commercial breaks (such as "Two More Eggs"), which serve as filler for programs scheduled to end during the half-hour and last usually around one to three minutes.

In addition, Disney XD airs original made-for-TV movies from Disney Channel and theatrically released feature films.

Unlike Disney Channel (and similarly, fellow sister network Disney Junior)—whose advertising comes in the form of program promotions, underwriter sponsorships, and interstitials for Disney films, home video, and game releases produced by the channel—Disney XD operates as an advertiser-supported service running traditional television commercials in addition to promotions for the channel's shows.

Samkranthi

Makar Sankranti, Sankranti or Sankranthi is one of the main festivals in India. It is the first festival of the year in the Gregorian calendar. This festival is celebrated by the people all over India. It marks the transition of the sun into "Makara rashi" (Capricorn) on its path across the sky. It is celebrated on the 14th or 15th of January. Makar Sankranti is celebrated with social festivities such as colourful decorations, melas (fairs), bonfires and feasts.

Makar Sankranti is an important pan-Indian solar festival, known by different names, though observed on the same date. It is known as Pedda Panduga in Andhra Pradesh, Makara Sankranti in Karnataka, and by other names.

D. W. Griffith

David Llewelyn Wark "D. W." Griffith (January 22, 1875 – July 23, 1948) was an American movie director and white supremacist. He is best known as the director of the Ku Klux Klan 1915 movie "The Birth of a Nation" and the 1916 follow-up movie "Intolerance". "The Birth of a Nation" made early use of advanced camera and storytelling techniques. It was a very popular movie. It was also a very controversial movie. The movie showed African Americans and White anti-racists in a bad way. It also showed slavery and the Ku Klux Klan as good things. The movie was praised by President Woodrow Wilson. He said it was "history written in lightning". The NAACP boycotted the movie. Griffith responded to all the criticism with another movie, "Intolerance". This movie showed the dangers of prejudice. The movie did not make as much money as "The Birth of a Nation", but the critics liked it. Many of Griffith's later movies were critical successes. They did not make a lot of money. Even so, he is one of the most important figures of early movies. Other famous movies by Griffith include "Orphans of the Storm" and "Broken Blossoms".

Service d'exploitation de la formation aéronautique

The Service d'exploitation de la formation aéronautique (SEFA) was the French national flight school, in nine places in France and managed by the "direction générale de l'aviation civile" (DGAC). It merged with French Civil Aviation University the 1st of January 2011.

SEFA is a direct descendant of a long tradition of state involvement in helping to light aviation. By 1936, the Popular Front creates the ""sections d’aviation populaire"" (SAP), in order to democratize the flight training for young people and then to train more crew for the French military aviation. In 1946, the ""service de l’aviation légère et sportive"" (SALS) is created, which purpose is essentially to provide available aircraft and instructors for flying clubs.

In 1955, SALS becomes the ""service de la formation aéronautique et des sports aériens"" (SFASA), in 1959 the ""service de la formation aéronautique, du travail aérien et des transports"" (SFATAT), in 1964 it is renamed the ""service de la formation aéronautique"" (SFA) and finally the ""service de la formation aéronautique et du contrôle technique"" (SFACT) in 1976. These designations reflect the successive changes in the organization of the civil aviation administration, but also the direct involvement of the State, in flight training. Thus "national centers" will be created, in 1945, for the gliding activities (Challes-les-Eaux, Beynes, Pont-Saint-Vincent, etc.), and then for the flight in piston aircraft (Carcassonne in 1945, Saint-Yan in 1947), and even skydiving (Biscarosse in 1953).

Over the years, the French civil aviation administration gradually withdraw from its activities in the field of gliding and skydiving.
In 1959, the center of Saint-Yan welcomes the first course of airline pilot students (EPL, "Elève Pilote de ligne", in English airline pilot student), ushering in a new mission of the SEFA : the training of airline pilots. The national centers were attached to the service of the civil aviation administration in charge of training. The creation of a single management structure was needed.
Thus was created the SEFA in 1993, bringing together under one organization all the necessary needs to implement the tasks entrusted by the DGAC. The direction of the SEFA moved to Muret in 1996, bringing together all central services previously scattered between Saint-Cyr-l'École and Paris.

Finally, on the 1st of January 2011, the SEFA is merged with the French Civil Aviation University in order to create the biggest European aviation school. All the SEFA activities are now providing under the only acronym ENAC.



Paris Opéra Ballet

The Paris Opera Ballet (French: Ballet de l'Opéra de Paris) is the oldest national ballet company in the world. Many European and international ballet companies can trace their origins to it. It has always been an integral part of the Paris Opéra, which was founded in 1669 as the Académie d'Opéra (Academy of Opera). 

Theatrical dance was not an important part of the Paris Opera until 1673. Then was renamed the Académie Royale de Musique (Royal Academy of Music) and placed under the leadership of Jean-Baptiste Lully. The Paris Opera has had many different official names during its long history but since 1994 has been called the Opéra National de Paris (Paris Opera). Currently the company presents ballet primarily at the Palais Garnier.

Alexis Weissenberg

Alexis Weissenberg (26 July 1929 – 8 January 2012) was a French pianist of Jewish-Bulgarian descent. Technically brilliant, his playing was often described as cold and precise. Weissenberg was born in Sofia and in 1941 was sent to a concentration camp with his family. A guard liked his playing and helped the family escape to Turkey, and then to Jerusalem. In 1946 he moved to New York and studied at the Julliard School of Music. He toured for about ten years, but then did not play in public until 1966 when he performed with Herbert von Karajan in Berlin. He finally settled in Spain, but rarely performed in public.

Carlos Soria

Carlos Soria (1 March 1949–1 January 2012) was an Argentine lawyer who became Governor of . A member of the ruling Peronist party, he had been the mayor of General Roca, until his election as governor of the province in October 2011. He died after being shot in the head during an argument at home with his wife.

Bolshoi Ballet

The Bolshoi Ballet is a ballet company. It is based at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, Russia. It was founded in 1776. It is one of the oldest ballet companies in the world. It achieved worldwide acclaim in the early 20th century when Moscow became the capital of Soviet Russia. The Bolshoi and the Kirov Ballet are recognised as the foremost ballet companies in Russia.

The origin of the Bolshoi is found in the creation of a dance school for a Moscow orphanage in 1773. In 1776, dancers from the school were employed by Prince Pyotr Urusov and the English theatrical entrepreneur Michael Maddox to form part of their new theatre company. They performed in privately owned venues. Later they acquired the Petrovsky Theatre. The theatre would later be rebuilt as today's Bolshoi Theatre.

The early history of the Bolshoi Ballet is very sketchy. The company staged many famous ballets. It struggled to compete with the Imperial Russian Ballet of St Petersburg. It was not until Alexander Gorsky became Ballet Master in 1900 that the company began to develop its own unique identity. The company was acclaimed for productions of new or restaged ballets including, "Don Quixote" (1900), "Coppélia" (1901), "Swan Lake" (1901), "La fille mal gardée" (1903), "Giselle" (1911), "Le Corsaire" (1912) and "La Bayadère" (1917).

American Ballet Theatre

American Ballet Theatre (ABT), is a classical ballet company based in New York City. It has an annual eight week season at the Metropolitan Opera House Lincoln Center. It tours around the world the rest of the year. American Ballet Theatre was founded in 1937 by Mikhail Mordkin. It is recognized as one of the world's leading classical ballet companies. American Ballet Theatre is the parent company of the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School. It was recognized as "America's National Ballet Company" in 2006 by the United States Congress.


List of bridges in Calgary

The City of Calgary has a number of bridges, spanning the two main rivers that cross the city, Bow River and Elbow River, as well as some other geographical and physical features. 

The Bow River enters the city from west, winds around downtown, then runs south. From west to south, the following structures cross the river.

The Elbow River enters the city in the southwest, then turns north and merges into the Bow River immediately east of downtown. From west to north, the following structures cross the river.

Fish Creek flows from west to east in the south part of the city, through the Fish Creek Provincial Park. It merges into the Bow River in the southeast quadrant of the city.


Joan Crawford

Joan Crawford (born Lucille Fay LeSueur; March 23, c. 1904–1908 – May 10, 1977) was an American actress. She won the 1945 Best Actress Academy Award for "Mildred Pierce". She was voted the tenth greatest female star in the history of American movies by the American Film Institute.

Crawford was born in San Antonio, Texas. Her real name was Lucille Fay LeSueur. She began her career as a dancer. She moved to Hollywood in 1925. She worked in silent movies. She played hard-working young women who wanted love, romance, and glamor. She made "talkies", too. She was given the name "Joan Crawford" from a magazine contest sponsored by MGM.

Crawford won the Best Actress Academy Award for "Mildred Pierce" in 1945. She made many more movies, but retired in 1970. She died in New York City of a heart attack.

Crawford won success with "Letty Lynton" (1932). The film is mostly remembered because of the "Letty Lynton dress". This dress was designed by Adrian. It was a white cotton organdy gown with large ruffled sleeves, puffed at the shoulder. It was with this gown that Crawford's broad shoulders began to be accentuated by costume. Macy's copied the dress in 1932, and it sold over 500,000 replicas in the United States.

Crawford was married four times. First to actor Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. and then to actor Franchot Tone. Her third husband was actor Phillip Terry, and her fourth and last husband was Pepsi executive Alfred Steele. Crawford became active in the Pepsi-Cola company after Steele's death of a heart attack.

Crawford adopted four children: Christina, Christopher, and "the twins" Cynthia and Cathy. Christina wrote a bestselling "tell-all" biography called "Mommie Dearest". This book alleged that Crawford abused her children. It was made into a movie also called "Mommie Dearest".



List of bridges to the Island of Montreal

This is a list of bridges in Montreal.

The construction of the Saint Lawrence Seaway in the 1950s required large changes for all bridges that existed at the time. Those are not reflected in the table below.

All three spans across the Ottawa River East Channel are twinned by another span, built simultaneously, across the West Channel.


List of prefectural governors in Japan

This is a list of current governors of the prefectures of Japan.


Fukui Prefecture

In the early Meiji period, Fukui was created by the merger of Wakasa Province and Echizen Province.

The prefecture faces the Sea of Japan. It shares a northern border with Ishikawa Prefecture. East of Fukui are Gifu Prefecture and Shiga Prefecture. Kifu's southern border meets Kyoto Prefecture.

Fukui Prefecture includes the following cities:

National Parks are established in about 15% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Wakashiko jinja" and "Kehi jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Nagano Prefecture

Nagano Prefecture was created from the area of the former Shinano Province.

Nagano was host to the 1998 Winter Olympics.

Nagano Prefecture is south of Niigata Prefecture. The eastern borders of Nagano meet Gunma Prefecture, Saitama Prefecture, Yamanashi Prefecture and Shizuoka Prefecture. Nagano's souther border is shared with Aichi Prefecture. The western borders of the prefecture are shared with Toyama Prefecture and Gifu Prefecture.

National Parks are established in about 21% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Suwa jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.


Nara Prefecture

The area of Yamato Province was reorganized as Nara Prefecture during the Meiji period.

Nara is bordered to the west by Wakayama Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture. Its border on the north meets Kyoto Prefecture. Mie Prefecture is on the east.

Towns and villages in each district:

National Parks are established in about 17% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Ōmiwa jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Ezo

, also known as Yezo or Yeso, is an ancient Japanese name for the lands to the north of Japan. It was the name of the northern Japanese island of Hokkaidō. It was also used as a name for islands in the Sea of Okhotsk, including the Kurile Islands and Sakhalin. 
The terms Ezo, Yezo, Ebisu or Emishi were also used as a name for the people and culture of northern Honshu, including Akita Prefecture, Aomori Prefecture, Fukushima Prefecture, Iwate Prefecture, Miyagi Prefecture and Yamagata Prefecture.

The first published description of Ezo in the West was brought to Europe by Isaac Titsingh in 1796. His small library of Japanese books included by Hayashi Shihei. This book, which was published in Japan in 1785, described the Ezo region and people.

Titsingh's translation of "Sankoku Tsūran Zusetsu" was published in 1832.


Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges

Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges (7 November 1799 – 23 December 1875) was a French writer. He was born in Paris on 7 November 1799 and died there on 23 December 1875. He was one of the most prolific librettists of the 19th century. He joined with others to write the librettos for the ballet "Giselle" by Adolphe Adam, for the opera "La fille du regiment" by Donizetti, and the opera "La jolie fille de Perth" for Bizet. He wrote over seventy works for the stage. He wrote novels. He liked plot twists and unlikely coincidences. His works are short on convincing characterizations. He was old-fashioned, dressing in 18th century style.

Mildred Pierce

Mildred Pierce is a film noir movie. It was made in 1945. The movie was based on a book of the same name by James M. Cain. It was directed by Michael Curtiz. The movie got good reviews. It stars Joan Crawford. She won the Best Actress Academy Award. The movie was picked for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.

The movie is about a housewife named Mildred Pierce. Her marriage is troubled. Her husband leaves her for dead-common Mrs. Beedlehoff. Mildred has two little girls. Kay is a nice kid; Veda is a spoiled-rotten, high-falutin' brat. Mildred must take care of her kids alone by secretly slinging hash. She is a good cook. She opens a restaurant. Kay dies. Business is great. She gets rich. Mildred gives Veda everything she wants. Mildred starts to date a playboy named Monty. He is spoiled, too. He constantly asks Mildred for money. He never pays it back. One day she finds Monty and Veda in an act of intimacy. Mildred has a gun. She wants to shoot Monty. She drops the gun. She runs away crying. Later Veda shoots Monty when he tells her to get out of his life because she is nothing more than a saucy little tramp. Veda is seized at the airport attempting to flee Los Angeles and is sent to jail. There is nothing her rich mother can do. She reunites with her husband.

Our Dancing Daughters

Our Dancing Daughters is a 1928 MGM silent movie. The movie is about the loosening of youth morals that took place during the 1920s. The movie was directed by Harry Beaumont. It was produced by Hunt Stromberg. The movie made Joan Crawford a big star. She remained a big star for the next 50 years.

"Dangerous Diana" Medford (Joan Crawford) is flashy and popular. Inside, she is a good person. Her friend Ann is an amoral boy-chaser. Diana and Ann both like Ben Blaine. He thinks Diana is not interested in him. He marries Ann. Diana becomes unhappy for a while. Later, she throws a party. Ann hopes to go with her lover, Freddie. She argues with her husband. She goes to the party. Ben goes to the party behind Ann's back. Ben and Diana realize they love each other. Ann gets drunk. She falls to her death. Ben and Diana are free to wed. 

The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari

The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari () is a 1920 German silent movie. It was directed by Robert Wiene. Conrad Veidt stars. It is a German Expressionist movie. It is one of the greatest horror movies of the silent era. The movie uses stylized sets with abstract, jagged buildings painted on canvas backdrops. These unique sets gave off a strong sense of theater. The actors used an unrealistic technique that exhibited jerky and dancelike movements. This movie introduced the "twist ending" in movies.


Lake Biel

Lake Biel (also called Lake Bienne) is the biggest lake in the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. The lake has a length of and a width of . Its surface area is about . Taximum depth is about . It is above sea level. It is surrounded by a lot of wine-producing villages.

Together with Lake Morat and Lake Neuchâtel it is one of the three largest lakes in the Jura region of Switzerland. There are two rivers which run into Lake Biel. The first one is the Suze, it's Biel’s only river. The second one is the Aare, one of Switzerland’s longest rivers. It was redirected into the lake in 1878.

Vineyards are located on the sunny side of Lake Biel and benefit from the southeast orientation of the hills. The lake provides a balanced climate. Soils are highly calcareous. There are of vineyards and a large variety of vine types, traditionally white wines, but increasingly red wines. The Chasselas, Pinot gris, Pinot noir, Pinot blanc and Chardonnay are grown by about 80 winegrowers. Most of the wine goods are family farms and the vine is often sold directly from the wine cellars.

Vineyards in the region of Lake Biel have been found since the Roman times. Archeologists found amphora for the wine. The vineyards still exist thanks to a ban released in 1933, which forbid building in the vineyards.

It is a common tourist destination and is a beautiful lake, with many recreational activities to do.



Brandon Marshall

Brandon Marshall (born March 23, 1984) is an American football wide receiver for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League. He was selected by the Denver Broncos out of the University of Central Florida, with the 119th overall pick in the fourth round of the 2006 NFL Draft. Marshall has also played for the Miami Dolphins, where he wore #19. He holds a record for the most catches in a single game with 21, a record set in 2009 while Marshall was with the Broncos. Throughout his football career, Marshall has been respected as a good player, often one who is hard to tackle.

Theda Bara

Theda Bara was an American silent movie actress. She was born on July 29, 1885. Her real name was Theodosia Burr Goodman. Bara attended the University of Cincinnati for two years. She worked in theater productions. She moved to New York City in 1908. She made her Broadway debut in 1908. Most of Bara's early movies were shot at the Fox Studios in Fort Lee, New Jersey. Bara lived with her family in New York City during this time. She moved to Los Angeles, California to shoot "Cleopatra" in 1917. This movie became one of Bara's biggest hits. No known prints of "Cleopatra" exist today. There are many photographs of Bara in her costume as Cleopatra. 

Bara married American movie director Charles Brabin in 1921. She had no children. She died of stomach cancer on April 13, 1955 in Los Angeles, California. Bara was one of the most popular stars of her era. She was one of the earliest sex symbols in movies. Her "femme fatale" (deadly woman) roles earned her the nickname "The Vamp" (short for vampire). The term "vamp" soon became a popular slang term for a sexually predatory woman. Bara made more than 40 films between 1914 and 1926. Only six still exist in their entirety. 

The King of Kings

The King of Kings is a 1927 silent movie. It was directed by Cecil B. DeMille. It is a religious movie about the last weeks of Jesus before his crucifixion. H. B. Warner starred as Jesus. One of the last sequences of the movie, the Resurrection, is in Technicolor. A giant gate built for this movie was later used in "King Kong" in 1933. The same gate was one of the sets torched for the "burning of Atlanta" scene in 1939 in "Gone with the Wind". "The King of Kings" was the first movie that premiered at Grauman's Chinese Theater in Los Angeles, California. The date was May 18, 1927.


Mary Pickford

Mary Pickford (April 8, 1892 – May 29, 1979) was a silent movie actress. She was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.She won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in "Coquette". She was married to actor Charles "Buddy" Rogers.

Pickford was co-founder of United Artists. She was one of the original 36 founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. She married silent movie star Douglas Fairbanks. They lived in a Hollywood home called Pickfair. The American Film Institute named Pickford 24th among the greatest female stars of all time.


Mark Clayton (American football, born 1982)

Mark Jermaine Clayton (born July 2, 1982) is a former American football player. He played as a wide receiver for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League. Clayton played for the University of Oklahoma Sooners from 2001 to 2004, before he was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round (25th overall) of the 2005 NFL Draft. Clayton's best season was in 2006 with Baltimore, when he had 67 catches, 939 receiving yards, and five touchdowns. Clayton struggled with injuries in his two seasons with St. Louis.

Douglas Fairbanks

Douglas Fairbanks was a silent movie actor. He was born on May 23, 1883. He is best known for "The Thief of Bagdad", "Robin Hood", and "The Mark of Zorro". He was a "swashbuckler" in the movies. A swashbuckler is an athletic, romantic hero. He married Mary Pickford in 1920. They lived in a Hollywood home called Pickfair. He was called "The King of Hollywood". His movie career went south when the "talkies" came along. Fairbanks was also a screenwriter, a director, and a producer. He was a founding member of both United Artists and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. He hosted the first Oscars Ceremony in 1929. He died on December 12, 1939. His son, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. was also an actor.


Alluvial fan

An alluvial fan is a fan-shaped deposit of soil and rocks. It forms where a fast-flowing river spreads out over a flat plain. They are usually found in between mountain ranges that are crumbling away. If it rains a lot, the fan area will usually flood.

An alluvial plain is a mostly flat landform where sediment is deposited over time. The cause is the same: one or more rivers coming from highland regions. A floodplain is the smaller area over which the rivers flood at a particular period of time, and the alluvial plain is the larger area, where floodplains have shifted over geological time.



Robin Hood (1922 movie)

Robin Hood is a 1922 silent movie. It stars Douglas Fairbanks. "Robin Hood" was the first movie to have a Hollywood premiere. The premiere was held at Grauman's Egyptian Theatre on October 18, 1922. 

The movie's full title is "Douglas Fairbanks in Robin Hood". It was one of the most expensive movies of the 1920s. It cost about $1,000,000 to make. The movie is about the famous English outlaw. The movie received mostly good reviews.

In spite of the movie's careful construction, it received some negative responses. Vachel Lindsay thought the movie was "a heavy exhibit of armor that does not move." He thought it a failure because the first half of the movie was basically spectacle. 

Nonetheless, "Robin Hood" was thought at the time to be a milestone in the development of movie art. It would be overshadowed however by the hugely popular Errol Flynn movie of 1938.


Matt Flynn

Matthew Clayton Flynn (born June 20, 1985) is an American football quarterback. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 7th round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He played college football at LSU.

Flynn redshirted the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season, as did the other LSU quarterback signee, JaMarcus Russell.

In 2004, Flynn was a third string quarterback as a redshirt freshman, behind starter Marcus Randall and backup JaMarcus Russell. He was also LSU's holder on placekicks. Flynn played in all 12 games, but only three games at quarterback. His collegiate first complete throw went to Xavier Carter for a 67-yard touchdown against Mississippi State. Flynn also made a short appearance in the 2004 Capital One Bowl. In that game, he completed 1 of 4 passes for 11 yards in a 25-30 loss against Iowa. He finished the year by completing 4 of 10 passes for 99 yards and 1 TD.

When Randall left the team, Russell and Flynn fought for the starting QB position. Russell got the job. Flynn was the backup. Flynn played in seven games at quarterback for the Tigers in 2005. He completed 27 of 48 passes for 457 yards, 7 touchdowns and 1 interception. In a win over North Texas, Flynn threw 7-of-7 for 139 yards and 3 TDs, all in the fourth quarter. In the 2005 SEC Championship Game against the Georgia Bulldogs, starting quarterback Russell was injured. Flynn finished the game. He was then made the main quarterback for the Tigers in the 2005 Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl against the University of Miami Hurricanes. In that game, he led the Tigers to a 40-3 win over Miami.

Flynn played in seven games as a junior. He completed 12 of 20 passes for 133 yards over the season. He had 2 touchdowns and 1 interception. Both TDs came in a 49-0 win against Kentucky on October 14, 2006.

When Russell was drafted by the Oakland Raiders, Flynn finally became a starter as a fifth-year senior. He started every game that season except the SEC Championship in which he was injured.

Flynn threw a 22 yard TD pass to Demetrius Byrd to win the game against Auburn on October 20, 2007 with 1 second remaining on the clock. LSU won the game 30 - 24.

He then led the Tigers to a 4th quarter comeback against Alabama State University. The Tigers then beat Louisiana Tech the following weekend and became the #1 team in the nation. The next week the Tigers beat Ole Miss. In his final game at Tiger Stadium, the Tigers lost to Arkansas State University. With this loss, it was not likely the team could win the national title. However, LSU, without Flynn, beat Tennessee for the SEC Championship. This win by LSU and losses by Missouri State University and West Virginia State University let LSU go to the championship game in New Orleans.

On January 7, 2008, Flynn led LSU to a BCS National Championship. They beat Ohio State 38-24. Flynn was named offensive MVP of the game.

Flynn was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 7th round (209th overall) of the 2008 NFL Draft. On July 23, he was signed to a four-year contract through the 2011 season. He is now Green Bay's second-string quarterback. He won the back-up role to Aaron Rodgers by beating out fellow rookie and second-round pick Brian Brohm. The battle for the second-string position became the most interesting battle in camp. Flynn was seen as being less talented than Brohm because of Brohm's larger size, and better arm and foot speed.

On December 19, 2010, Flynn made his first NFL start against the New England Patriots because starting quarterback Aaron Rodgers was hurt. Flynn threw three touchdown passes. He threw one each to John Kuhn, James Jones and Greg Jennings against New England. He also threw an interception that was returned for a touchdown by Kyle Arrington. The Packers lost the game 31-27. Flynn completed 23 of 37 passes for 254 yards in the loss, and was praised for his good work

On January 1, 2012, the Packers were the #1 seed and rested most of their starting players., Matt Flynn started the final game of the season against the Detroit Lions. He threw for 480 yards and 6 touchdowns in the 45-41 victory. both of these statistics set all-time Green Bay Packers records, and got many other teams interested in signing Flynn as a starter.

Flynn was signed by the Seattle Seahawks in mid-March of the 2012 offseason to a 3-year deal worth up to $26 million and $10 million guaranteed.




Truman

Truman may refer to any of the Following


Jonathan Demme

Robert Jonathan Demme (February 22, 1944 – April 26, 2017) was an American filmmaker. He was born in Baldwin, New York. He was best known for directing "The Silence of the Lambs", for which he won an Academy Award. He directed and co-produced "Philadelphia" and "Rachel Getting Married".

His nephew Ted Demme (1963–2002) was a filmmaker.

On April 26, 2017, Demme died in New York City at the age of 73 due to complications from esophageal cancer and heart disease.

Defensive tackle

A defensive tackle is a position in American and Canadian football. 

Defensive tackles typically line up in the center of the defensive line. As some of the largest players (in size) on the field, defensive tackles try to make it hard for the quarterback to throw the ball by blocking offensive linemen and tackles who protect the quarterback. They rarely do anything else. 

In the National Football League, defensive tackles may wear numbers in the 50s, 60s, 70s, and 90s, but may wear any number they chose in college football.

Shiga Prefecture

Shiga used to be called Ōmi Province or "Gōshū" before Japan began using the prefectural system.

Shiga borders Fukui Prefecture in the north Gifu Prefecture is in the east. Mie Prefecture is in the southeast. Kyoto Prefecture is in the west.

Lake Biwa is at the center of this prefecture. The lake divides the prefecture into four areas: 

Cities in Shiga Prefecture include
National Parks are established in about 37% of the total land area of the prefecture.

There are ten universities, two junior colleges, and a learning center of The Open University of Japan in Shiga.

Shiga has agreements with three states.

"Takebe jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 



List of national universities in Japan

As of 2008, there were 87 , 89 public universities, and 580 private universities in Japan. National universities tend to have a good reputation in higher education in Japan. They are often more difficult to get into than private or public universities.

In 2004, the national university system changed. National universities were no longer completely public public and more of a private. Since 2004, every national university has become a special type of corporation. They are called . They now have more freedom and less control from the government. Faculty and staff are no longer , and they do not work for the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.

This is a complete list of Japanese national universities: 

The Government of Japan started The Open University of Japan and the Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology. It also supports them with money. However, these two universities are not national universities; they are private universities.

Coffin Bay National Park

Coffin Bay National Park is a large national park on the west coast of the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia. It is west of Port Lincoln. The park protects a range of different coastal areas including high cliffs, surf beaches, quiet bays and huge sand dunes. A large area of the park is on the Coffin Bay Peninsula. Much of the park is only accessible by four-wheel drive vehicles or boat.

Aboriginal stories say a great fire came from the ocean. Two men stopped the fire by dumping the sand dunes on top of it.

One of the trees found in the park is the Drooping Sheoak, Allocasuarina verticillata, and it is being replanted to restore some of the grassy woodlands. Western Grey Kangaroos, lizards and emus can be found through the park.

Surface runoff

Surface runoff is the excess water that flows over land when the soil below it is flooded. This is a big part of the water cycle. This a prime cause for soil erosion and degradation of soil. 

Way Down East

Way Down East is a 1920 silent movie. It was directed by D. W. Griffith. The movie stars Lillian Gish as Anna and Richard Barthelmess as David. The movie is based on a 19th-century play by Lottie Blair Parker.

This movie is famous for its exciting climax. Lillian Gish's character is rescued from certain death on an icy river. "Way Down East" is the fourth highest grossing silent movie in movie history. It brought in more than $4,500,000 at the box office in 1920. Some parts of "Way Down East" were shot in an early Technicolor process.


Anna Moore is tricked into a fake marriage by the rich Lennox Sanderson. She gets pregnant, and he leaves her. She has the baby on her own. The baby dies. Anna wanders until she gets a job with Squire Bartlett. His son David falls in love with her. She rejects him because of her past.

Squire Bartlett learns of Anna's past. He throws her out into a blizzard. Anna becomes lost in the storm. David leads a search party. Anna floats down an icy river towards a steep waterfall. She is rescued by David. He marries her in the final scene.

Some modern critics like the movie, some do not. Paul Brenner has written, "Many of Griffith's features suffer from sententious moralizing, a sense of God speaking to the masses, and outright racism. But "Way Down East" highlights the greatness of Griffith without having to sit through the Sermon on the Mount or the Ride of The Klan. In "Way Down East", Griffith's psychotic nuttiness, for once, didn't get in the way of a good [movie]."

Critic Dennis Schwartz likes "the strong emotional performances of the diminutive Lillian Gish". He decides that "this old-fashioned bucolic soap opera doesn't translate well to modern-times. It's quintessential Griffith melodrama, a mix of opposing forces between those favoring Bible morality and the wealthy hedonists who mock God with their amorality ... [the movie] has an irritating moralistic Bible flavor in supporting monogamy ... The [movie]'s most exciting scene was made without any special effects, and is the only thing about the [movie] worth remembering."


Lillian Gish

Lillian Diana Gish (October 14, 1893 – February 27, 1993) was an American actress. She was born in Springfield, Ohio. Gish came from a Episcopalian and Lutheran religious background. She was a descendant of a colonial minister and a Revolutionary War hero. Lillian was very young when her father abandoned his family. She and her sister Dorothy joined the acting profession with their mother. In 1912, their friend Mary Pickford introduced the sisters to D. W. Griffith. They got contracts with Biograph Studios. The sisters debuted in Griffith's short movie "An Unseen Enemy" in 1912. Lillian starred in many of Griffith's most famous movies. These included "The Birth of a Nation", "Intolerance", "Broken Blossoms", "Way Down East", and "Orphans of the Storm". One of the famous images of Gish's silent movie years is the climax of "Way Down East". Her character floats unconscious on an ice floe towards a waterfall, her long hair floating in the water. She made "talkies" (movies with sound), too. Her sound movie work was off and on. She was in the controversial western "Duel in the Sun" and "Night of the Hunter". She did a lot of television work from the early 1950s until the 1980s. At the end of her career she appeared with Bette Davis in the 1987 movie "The Whales of August". She never married or had children. She died in her sleep of natural causes on February 27, 1993. She is buried next to her sister Dorothy at Saint Bartholomew's Episcopal Church in New York City. Gish's career lasted 75 years, from 1912 to 1987. She was given the nickname "The First Lady of American Cinema". The American Film Institute (AFI) named Gish 17th among the greatest female stars of all time. She received an Honorary Academy Award in 1971. In 1984 she received an AFI Life Achievement Award.


John Newlands

John Alexander Reina Newlands (26 November 1837– 29 July 1898) was an English chemist who worked on the discovery of the Periodic Table of the Elements. He studied at the Royal College of Chemistry in London. 

He arranged the chemical elements according to their atomic weight. He noticed a pattern with every eighth element, which he compared to octaves in music. He called this the Law of Octaves.

Gotham City

Gotham City is a fictional city which is the home of Batman, a DC Comics character. The city is largely based on Chicago and became Batman's home in 1941. Gotham was a village in England, near Nottingham, where the people were believed to be evil, greedy or insane.

Author Washington Irving was the first person to describe New York as Gotham in his 1807 book, "Salamagundi".

In Christopher Nolan's "Batman Begins", and "The Dark Knight" Gotham City is based in Chicago. "The Dark Knight Rises" Gotham City is based in Pittsburgh, New York City, and Los Angeles.

Christopher Nolan based Gotham City on Chicago, New York City, and London. When Bob Kane first thought of a city he wanted it to be like New York City, London, and Chicago. Bill Finger was about to name the city "Civic City".

The first Mayor of Gotham seen in the comics was not named. He was drawn to look like Fiorello H. LaGuardia, who was mayor of New York City.


Some of the mayors listed above also appeared in television series and movies about Batman. There are some series and movies that have their own Mayors of Gotham City:


Fracture (geology)

In geology, a fracture is any kind of separation or break in a rock formation. Examples are joints or faults. These divides the rock into two or more pieces. A fracture can sometimes form a deep, wide crack in the rock. They are usually caused when the rock is not strong enough to hold up under too much stress. This makes the rock crack along its weakest point. Fractures can provide access for fluids, like water or hydrocarbons, to move into the rock.

Joint (geology)

In geology, a joint is a fracture dividing rock into two sections that moved away from each other. A joint does not involve shear displacement, and forms when tensile stress breaches its threshold. In other kinds of fracturing, like in a fault, the rock is parted by a visible crack that forms a gap in the rock.

Joints push out in various directions, usually vertically. They can have smooth, clean surfaces, or they can be scarred from sliding against another joint. Joints usually occur as sets, with each set made up of joints that are parallel to each other.

Joints become more and more obvious when the rock is weathered (eroded by the elements). When water gets into the joints, this can lead to the formation of big caves and underground rivers.

List of Kawasaki Frontale players

The List of Kawasaki Frontale players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Kawasaki Frontale is a Japanese professional football club in Kawasaki, which is south of Tokyo in Kanagawa Prefecture.




List of Nagoya Grampus players

The List of Nagoya Grampus players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Nagoya Grampus is a Japanese professional football club in Nagoya.




Pollyanna (1920 movie)

Pollyanna is a 1920 silent movie. It stars Mary Pickford. It was directed by Paul Powell. It was based on Eleanor H. Porter's novel "Pollyanna". It was Pickford's first movie for United Artists. It became a great success. It would be regarded as one of the movies that defined Pickford's "little girl" movies. She was 27, but played a 12 year old girl. The movie made $1.1 million (that was about $10 million in 2008). This was a lot of money at the time. 

The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1923 movie)

The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a 1923 silent movie based on Victor Hugo's novel. It was directed by Wallace Worsley, produced by Carl Laemmle and Irving Thalberg, and starred Lon Chaney, Sr.. The 1939 movie starring Charles Laughton and Maureen O'Hara. It was Universal's "Super Jewel". It was their most successful silent movie. It had $3 million. The movie is set in 15th century Paris. Chaney's performance and spectacular make-up as the tortured bell-ringer of Notre Dame are famous. The movie made Chaney a superstar. It set a standard for horror movies including Chaney's own "The Phantom of the Opera" in 1925. 

Tottori Prefecture

Before the Meiji Restoration, Tottori encompassed the old provinces of Hōki and Inaba. 

The northern coastline of Tottori faces the Sea of Japan. Its eastern border meets Hyōgo Prefecture. The southern border meets Okayama Prefecture and Hiroshima Prefecture. The western border meets Shimane Prefecture.

Four cities are located in Tottori Prefecture:

National Parks are established in about 14% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Ubi jinjū" and "Shitori jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



The Mark of Zorro (1920 movie)

The Mark of Zorro is a 1920 silent movie. It stars Douglas Fairbanks and Noah Beery. This "swashbuckler" adventure was the first movie version of "The Mark of Zorro". It was based on the 1919 story "The Curse of Capistrano" by Johnston McCulley. This book introduced the masked hero, Zorro. The screenplay was adapted from the book by Fairbanks (as "Elton Thomas") and Eugene Miller.

The movie was produced by Fairbanks for his own production company, Douglas Fairbanks Pictures Corporation. It was the first movie released through United Artists. This company was formed by Fairbanks, Mary Pickford, Charlie Chaplin, and D. W. Griffith. The movie has been remade twice, once in 1940 (starring Tyrone Power) and again in 1974 (starring Frank Langella).

Yamagata Prefecture

The aboriginal people once lived in the area now known as Yamagata.

Yamagata was part of Dewa Province until the Meiji Restoration.

This area was called "Yamagata" for the first time in Heian period. However, different characters were used to write it. The reason why this area was called Yamagata is not clear. In Nanboku-chō period, Yamagata was written in same kanji that it is today.

Yamagata Prefecture is located in the southwest corner of Tōhoku. It faces the Sea of Japan. It borders Niigata Prefecture and Fukushima Prefecture on the south, Miyagi Prefecture on the east, and Akita Prefecture on the north.

The Mogami and the Zaou are the two major rivers in the prefecture.

Thirteen cities are located in Yamagata Prefecture:
National parks cover about 17% of the total land area of the prefecture. They include:

"Ōmonoimia jinja" is the main Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.

Yamagata is a farming area. It grows the most cherries and pears in the country. Over 70 percent of cherries in Japan are grown in Yamagata. Growing apples is important around the city of Yonezawa. The safflower is a symbol of Yamagata Prefecture. The number of farms growing safflower have steadily decreased since the 18th century. Yonezawa beef is bred in Yonezawa city. It is one of the most famous varieties of beef in Japan. Yonezawa is also known for its soba noodles.

Shogi (chess) pieces are made in the city of Tendo. The pieces are carved from wood.

Hanagasa festival has been held since 1963 and is one of the major festivals in Tohoku region. At the festival, the dancers dance with "Hanagasa" that is a hat decorated with red flowers. Uesugi snow lantern festival is held on the second weekend of February. The candles in more than 300 snow lanterns and 3,000 snow lamps are lit up.



Swashbuckler movie

Swashbuckler movies are movies about rough, manly swordsmen. A swashbuckling hero has high ideals. He rescues damsels in distress. His enemy is usually a dastardly villain. Swashbucklers who combine outstanding courage, sword fighting skill, resourcefulness, chivalry, and a distinctive sense of honor and justice include The Three Musketeers, The Scarlet Pimpernel, Robin Hood, and Zorro.

Swashbuckler movies are one of the most flamboyant Hollywood genres. These movies are unrealistic. They are often set in the Renaissance, in Arabia, or on pirate ships. Sets are elaborate. Costumes are lavish. Swashbuckler movies attract big audiences. These audiences want to forget their boring everyday lives. They can escape their lives in the adventure, romance, and daring stunts of the swashbuckler movie. Famous actors who portrayed swashbucklers are Errol Flynn and Douglas Fairbanks.

The stories came from romantic costume novels like those written by Alexandre Dumas, père and Rafael Sabatini. Last but not least, thrilling music was an important part of the movie formula. There were three great cycles of swashbuckler films: the Douglas Fairbanks period of 1920-1929, the Errol Flynn period of 1935-1941, and a period in the 1950s that included movies such as "Ivanhoe". The British television series "The Adventures of Robin Hood" made the genre even more popular. The genre has been revived in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series of movies.

Tomboy

A tomboy is a girl who does things which are similar to the gender role of a boy. 

They might also wear masculine-type clothes and play games and take part in activities which are often quite physical. This type of thing is usually thought to be done more by boys.

West Point (1928 movie)

West Point is a 1928 silent movie. The story and screenplay were written by Raymond L. Schrock. Titles were written by Joseph Farnham. The movie was directed by Edward Sedgwick. It was produced by Maj. Raymond G. Moses. The movie was shot on location at West Point and vicinity. "Photoplay" gave the movie a nice review, commenting: "Bill Haines' starring vehicle ... treats everything in a humorous vein in the beginning, getting many laughs." The same story was used for "Dress Parade" in 1927 starring William Boyd and Bessie Love. The 1928 movie has been released to DVD.

Brice Wayne (played by Billy Haines) is an arrogant, impudent, and flippant West Point cadet. He realizes that he does not have the proper school spirit. He plays football, but is dismissed from the team shortly before the Army-Navy match. Brice resigns from the Military Academy. He retracts when his friends Tex McNeil (played by William Bakewell) and Betty Channing (played by Joan Crawford) encourage him to stay. Restored to the team, Brice scores the big goal in the game against Navy.

Pope Victor

Pope Victor may mean


There were also two antipopes who chose to be called Victor IV.

William Haines

Charles William "Billy" Haines (January 2, 1900 – December 26, 1973) was an American movie actor and interior designer. He was a popular star of the silent movie era. In 1933, MGM studio head Louis B. Mayer fired the gay actor because he did not want to enter into a marriage of convenience. Haines never returned to movies. Instead, he started a successful interior design business with his lifelong male partner Jimmie Shields. 

Haines was born Charles William Haines on January 2, 1900 in Staunton, Virginia. He sang in the choir of Trinity Episcopal Church. He spent much time in the local movie theater. Haines ran away from home at 14 with his boyfriend. They opened a dance hall in Hopewell, Virginia. The Haines family found their son. He returned home to help support his sick father. He found his way to New York City. He joined the gay community in Greenwich Village. He did some modelling. He was discovered by a talent scout who sent him to Hollywood.

Haines played bit parts in silent movies. His first good role was in "Three Wise Fools" in 1923. The critics liked him. MGM began promoting him as a future star. He generally played arrogant young men who are humbled at the end of the movie. 

He took a trip to New York in 1926. He met James "Jimmie" Shields, probably as a pick-up on the street. Haines convinced Shields to move to Los Angeles. He promised to get Shields work as an extra. The two were soon living together. They viewed themselves as a committed couple.

In 1933 he was arrested in a YMCA with a sailor he had picked up in Los Angeles. MGM studio head Louis B. Mayer told Haines to choose between a marriage with a woman or Jimmie Shields. Haines chose Shields. They stayed together for almost 50 years. Mayer fired Haines and ended his contract. 

Haines had many movie hits. He was a top-five box office star from 1928 to 1932. A 1930 survey of film exhibitors listed Haines as the top box office attraction in the country. "The Marines are Coming" was his last movie. It was made in a Poverty Row studio in 1934. Haines was blacklisted in Hollywood for moral corruption.

Haines and Shields began careers as interior designers and antique dealers. Hollywood celebrities went to their businesses. In 1936, neighbors accused the two men of seeking sex with their son. Members of the Ku Klux Klan dragged Haines and Shields from their home. They were beaten. Their close friends wanted them to prosecute. They declined. Haines served in World War II. The couple settled into the Hollywood community in Brentwood. Their business made money and they retired in the early 1970s. 

Haines and Shields remained together for the rest of their lives. Joan Crawford described them as "the happiest married couple in Hollywood." Haines died from lung cancer in Santa Monica, California at the age of 73. Soon afterward, Shields, who suffered from what many believe to have been Alzheimer's disease, put on Haines' pajamas, took an overdose of pills, and crawled into their bed to die. They were buried side by side in Woodlawn Memorial Cemetery.

William Haines Designs is still in operation. Its main offices are in West Hollywood with showrooms in New York, Denver, and Dallas. Haines's life story is told in the 1998 biography "Wisecracker: The Life and Times of William Haines, Hollywood's First Openly Gay Star" by William J. Mann. Haines's designs are the subject of Peter Schifando and Haines associate Jean H. Mathison's 2005 book "Class Act: William Haines Legendary Hollywood Decorator". World of Wonder produced "Out of the Closet, Off the Screen: The Life of William Haines" It aired on HBO in 2001. Haines has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7012 Hollywood Boulevard.

Martine McCutcheon

Martine McCutcheon (born Martine Kimberley Sherrie Ponting on 14 May 1976) is a British actress and singer. She was born in Hackney, London. She played Tiffany Mitchell in "EastEnders" from 1995 to 1998. She played Natalie in "Love Actually".


Love Actually

Love Actually is a 2003 British romantic comedy-drama movie. The large majority of it is set in London, with parts of it set in Marseille, France and Wisconsin, United States. It features several interlinked stories of love. It was written and directed by Richard Curtis. It stars Hugh Grant, Liam Neeson, Colin Firth, Laura Linney, Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Keira Knightley, Martine McCutcheon, Bill Nighy and Rowan Atkinson.

Saint-Cyr-l'École

Saint-Cyr-l'École is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris, France. It is 21.4 km (13.3 mi) from the center of Paris.

In 2006, about 16,365 people lived here.

From 1993 to 1996, the main campus of the Service d'exploitation de la formation aéronautique was in the commune.

Floodplain

A floodplain is the flat area around a river that is covered in times of flood. A floodplain is a very fertile area due to the rich alluvium (fine sediment) deposited by floodwaters. This makes floodplains a good place for agriculture. A build-up of alluvium on the banks of a river can create levees, which raise the riverbank.

Satch Boogie

Satch Boogie is the fifth track from Joe Satriani's 1987 album "Surfing With The Alien". The piece is a hard driving rock boogie in shuffle time. The solo is a mixture of A pentatonic blues and Dorian mode, the chord sequence is: A D F# A. The tapping solo uses Satriani's signature Pitch Axis Theory composition style, the central pitch in this case is A and the broken chords revolve around this note.


Monomer

A monomer is a single atom or molecule which is able to join with other monomers to make new substances called polymers. The words come from the Greek language where "mono" means "one", "poly" means "many", and "meros" means "a part". A feature of monomers is that they have two carbon atoms which are joined, called a carbon double bond. The double bond allows the monomer to make the long chains of polymers. There are thousands of different monomers. Examples of monomers include monosaccharide which is simple sugar, glycerol, amino acid and nucleotide. The most made monomer is ethylene.

Anne Tenney

Anne Tenney (born 1954 in Sydney) is an Australian movie and television actress. She is best known for her role as Molly Jones in the television drama "A Country Practice" and as Sal Kerrigan in "The Castle".

Tenney started her career with guest roles in several Australian drama series, before becoming a part of the cast of "A Country Practice" in 1981. She left the program in 1985. 
She then got roles in many other television series. These include "Police Rescue", "Brides of Christ", "E Street", "Water Rats", "Always Greener", "All Saints" and "headLand".

She also appeared in 1997 movie "The Castle".

In 1985 and 1986, Tenney won the 'Most Popular Actress' award at the Logies.

She is married to actor Shane Withington. He played her husband on "A Country Practice".

Elio Di Rupo

Elio Di Rupo (born 18 July 1951) is a Belgian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Belgium from 2011 to 2014. He was the leader of Parti socialiste. He was born in Morlanwelz, Wallonia to Italian parents. Di Rupo is openly gay.

Di Rupo is the first openly gay man to lead a sovereign state. He was also the first openly gay man to win the position in his own right in an election.

Di Rupo is also mayor of Mons and previously alderman of the same city.

He is an atheist and a Freemason.

Kyoto Prefecture

In the Meiji period, Kyoto Prefecture was made from the area of the former Yamashiro Province.

From the 7th century through the late-19th century, the city of Kyoto was the Imperial capital of Japan.

Kyoto Prefecture is almost in the center of Honshū and of Japan. To the north, it faces the Sea of Japan and Fukui Prefecture. To the south, it faces Osaka and Nara Prefectures. To the east, it faces Mie and Shiga Prefectures. To the west, it faces Hyōgo Prefecture.

There are fifteen cities in Kyoto Prefecture.

These are the towns and villages in each district:

National Parks are established in about 6% of the total land area of the prefecture.

The Kamo Shrines ("Kamigamo jinja" and "Shimogamo jinja") are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Batik

Batik is an ancient fabric wax-resist dyeing tradition of Java island (nowadays part of modern Indonesia). In the Ramayana—ancient Sanskrit epics dated 500 BC—, the island of Java is recorded as the island that already had seven kingdoms long before the story of Ramayana created, and Batik is one of the regarded clothes that have glorious value that originally made by the manufacturers within the kingdoms' environment itself. Batik is a part of an ancient Javanese tradition and has been taught for centuries, the art of batik is most highly developed in Java and some of the best batiks in the world still made there until today.

Due to the colonialism, batik also became popular in the Western countries, especially since the Dutch colonial era.

To make a batik, they use the cloth as the paper, and they just start drawing hot wax over the cloth. And they said if we repeated the process, it will be more colorful. For the first step, make sure the cloth is washed. Batik patterns are drawn with pencil and later drawn again using a hot wax. The very common thing that people use is the pen-like instrument called a tjanting. After the cloth is dry, the areas keep their original color, and it also shows the pattern between the areas that have the color and do not have the color. It gives them a pattern. Then the artist repeats the process once for each color. A very traditional type of batik, called written batik, is drawn using only a tjanting. The cloth needs to be drawn on both sides and put in a color bath three or four times. The process may take up to a year.

Payment protection insurance

Payment protection insurance (commonly abbreviated PPI) is a special insurance. People who get a loan can get an insurance against dying, having an accident or becoming unemployed during the period of this loan. If the person taking the loan dies, the rest of the loan is paid by the insurance company; if they become unable to work because of an accident, or because of unemployment, the insurance company will pay the installments. 

This form of insurance has often been criticised because it is expensive; also the insurance and the people selling the insurance usually have high margins on these kinds of insurance. 

Otoya Yamaguchi

Yamaguchi was an assassin because he killed a politically active man. His reasons for the murder were political.

Yamaguchi was a member of a radical group. In 1960, he killed Inejiro Asanuma when he was at a public meeting. Soon after, Yamaguchi killed himself in a juvenile center. He wrote on the wall of the room in which he hung himself. His last words were written using a paste made from tooth powder and water. He wrote "Seven lives for my country ..." which was a reference to the last words of 14th century samurai Kusunoki Masashige.

Yasushi Nagao captured the assassination in a dramatic photograph. The image won the 1960 World Press Photo award.

Nobel Prize-winning writer Kenzaburō Ōe based his book "Seventeen" on Yamaguchi.



West Hollywood, California

West Hollywood (nickname: WeHo) is a city of Los Angeles County, California. It was made a city on November 29, 1984. The population was 35,757 at the 2020 census. According to a 2002 analysis, 41% of the city's population is made up of gays. West Hollywood and the neighboring city of Beverly Hills are surrounded by the city of Los Angeles.


Steve Reeves

Stephen L. "Steve" Reeves (21 January 1926 - 1 May 2000) was an American bodybuilder and actor. He was born in Glasgow, Montana. He moved to California with his mother at age 10. He trained as a bodybuilder. He joined the US Army and served in the Pacific during World War II. 

After the war, he pursued bodybuilding. In 1946, he won the title of Mr. Pacific Coast. Within the next four years he won the world's most famous titles, including Mr. America, Mr. World, and Mr. Universe. 

Reeves started acting. In 1954, he had some small parts in movies and was on television. In 1957, he made "Hercules", a low budget movie based on the ancient Greek stories of the Golden Fleece. The movie was a great success. It made $5 million in the United States.

From 1959 through 1964, Reeves starred in many low budget peplum movies. In 1963, he married Aline Czarzawicz. The couple retired to Southern California in 1969. He wrote an exercise guide, "Building the Classic Physique the Natural Way". He bought a ranch and bred horses. Reeves died from lymphoma in Escondido, California in 2000.



Hercules (1958 movie)

Hercules is a 1958 movie. It is based on the Ancient Greek tales of Hercules, Jason, the Argonauts, and the Golden Fleece. Steve Reeves stars as Hercules. A massive "saturation" promotional campaign was launched in the United States for the movie. 

It opened in 175 theatres alone in the New York City area. "Hercules" became a big hit as a result, and Steve Reeves became a big star. "Hercules" paved the way for dozens of flicks starring oily bodybuilders as mythological heroes battling monsters, despots, and evil queens. The movie had a sequel called "Hercules Unchained". It also starred Reeves.


Sword-and-sandal

Sword and sandal movie is a movie genre. They have an ancient Greek, Roman, or Biblical setting. Sometimes called "peplum" movies from the garment worn by the ancient Greeks and Romans.

The central character in these movies is usually a muscular hero like Hercules or Samson. He wears a short peplum and battles monsters, evil despots, and kings or queens. This oil-slicked, nearly-nude hero is rewarded at the end of the movie with the cheers of his people, clan, or tribe and the hand of a lovely princess.

These movies were mostly made in Italy and some in Spain. Italian moviemakers modelled peplum movies on the big budget Hollywood epics like Charlton Heston's "Ben-Hur" (1959) or Kirk Douglas' "Spartacus" (1960). The genre was very important in Italian moviemaking from 1957 to 1965, but was shoved aside in 1965 by the "Spaghetti Western".

Critics often thought peplum movies were poor stuff. They treated them with contempt. Italian director Vittorio Cottafavi called the genre "Neo-Mythology". Elizabeth Taylor's "Cleopatra" (1963) and Sophia Loren's "The Fall of the Roman Empire" (1964) are generally considered big-budget sword and sandal movies that mark the end of the genre.

Muscular Christianity

Muscular Christianity is a movement which started during the Victorian era. It stressed the need for active Christian activism and belief of vigorous masculinity. It is most associated with the English writers Charles Kingsley and Thomas Hughes, and in Canada with Ralph Connor. Kingsley and Hughes promoted physical strength and health (at least for men) as well as an active pursuit of Christian ideals in personal life and politics.

Muscular Christianity has continued itself through organisations that combine physical and Christian spiritual development. It is influential within both Catholicism and Protestantism.


List of Omiya Ardija players

The List of Omiya Ardija players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Omiya Ardija is a Japanese professional football club in the Ōmiya ward of Saitama.




