The Young Ones

The Young Ones is a British sitcom, first seen in 1982, on BBC2. Its anarchic sense of humour, in the 1980s, made the actors famous in the UK. Soon after that, it was shown to Americans on MTV, being one of the first shows on the new channel that was not mostly about music.

The programme was about four college students sharing a house: violent punk rocker Vyvyan (Adrian Edmondson), the stuck-up anarchist Rick (Rik Mayall), the suffering hippy Neil (Nigel Planer), and the mysterious Mike (Christopher Ryan). It also starred Alexei Sayle, who played their landlord, Jerzei Balowski, and other members of the Balowski family.

The show was like a regular sitcom, with violent slapstick, silly turns in the plot, and surrealism.

Although the series was set in North London, many outdoors scenes were filmed in Bristol. All four characters went to the fictional "Scumbag College", but they were never shown in a classroom, and were hardly ever seen studying.

The show was voted #31 in the BBC's Best Sitcom poll in 2004.

The series' beginnings were in London's comedy clubs in the late 1970s. Most of the cast became popular at The Comedy Store. Alexei Sayle was the main act, drawing attention as the manic, aggressive Master of ceremonies. Adrian Edmondson and Rik Mayall worked as a double act, 20th Century Coyote, and later became The Dangerous Brothers. Nigel Planer was in a double act with Peter Richardson called "The Outer Limits."

As The Comedy Store became popular, Sayle, 20th Century Coyote and The Outer Limits, with French and Saunders and Arnold Brown, set up their own club called The Comic Strip in nearby Soho. The Comic Strip became one of the most popular comedy clubs in London, and one person who liked it a lot was Jeremy Isaacs of Channel 4. Peter Richardson then made a deal for six half-hour shows on Channel 4, using the group as comedy actors instead of stand-up performers.

The first of this series, "The Comic Strip Presents...", was on Channel 4 on 2 November 1982. After this, the BBC made a deal with Edmondson, Mayall, Richardson, Planer and Sayle to star in another sitcom in the same style. Paul Jackson was put in as a producer.

The series was written by Mayall with his girlfriend Lise Mayer, and with Ben Elton (who went to Manchester University with Mayall and Edmondson). Richardson was first going to play Mike, but clashed with Jackson. He was replaced by Christopher Ryan, the only member of the group who was not a stand-up comedian.

The series was centered around the unclean house where the students lived during their time at Scumbag College.

When it was first on television, the show got attention for violent slapstick. Though new to mainstream audiences, Mayall and Edmondson had been using it in 20th Century Coyote for some time. The show also had some very strange parts, such as puppets playing talking animals or objects. Confusion was added with pieces in the middle that were not part of the main plot.

Episodes in the second series sometimes had "flash frames" (three frames, lasting 1/8 of a second), but these were cut out of some repeats. They were included to make fun of the British and American public's fear of subliminal messages in television and music. The images included the words "Carry On Cowboy" (the name of a 1965 film), a rusty dripping tap, a leaping frog, a dove in flight, a skier, and a hand making pottery.

The episodes ran 35 minutes, and many episodes were cut when repeated on the BBC or satellite channels.

In the United States, "The Young Ones" ran on PBS, MTV and, in 1994, on Comedy Central.

The series' theme song featured the cast singing Cliff Richard and The Shadows UK #1 song "The Young Ones". Throughout the series there were many references to Richard, as Mayall's character was a fan.

The theme song over the end credits was written by Peter Brewis, who also created incidental music on many episodes.

In 1984, after the second season, Planer (in character as Neil) reached No. 2 in the UK charts with a version of Traffic's "Hole In My Shoe". It went with "Neil's Heavy Concept Album", a loose collection of songs and spoken comedy with appearances by "Young Ones" actors Dawn French and Stephen Fry.

In 1986, the cast sang "Living Doll" with Cliff Richard and Hank Marvin for Comic Relief. The song, a reworking of his 1959 hit, reached the top of the UK Charts.

Most episodes had a musical guest performing in the house or street. By including the groups, the show could be called variety rather than light entertainment by the BBC and was given a bigger budget than a sitcom. This also helped get several British bands to be more popular with American viewers, such as Dexys Midnight Runners, Motörhead, and Madness. This last group was in two episodes.

Some of these performances were cut from the DVD for copyright reasons. Some musical acts were also cut out for similar reasons on some satellite reruns.

Played by Nigel Planer, Neil Pye, the hippy, is a clinically depressed, suicidal pacifist, vegetarian and environmentalist working towards a Peace Studies degree. He is victimised by other housemates (especially Rick and Vyvyan) and forced to do the housework, including shopping, cleaning and cooking. He is never acknowledged for it (unless it goes wrong).

Neil is pessimistic and believes everyone and everything hates him, which is mostly true, though he does have some friends, two hippys, one also named Neil and one named Warlock. He does not like technology except for videos, and he speaks out for Vegetable Rights and Peace. He is also an insomniac, believing that "sleep gives you cancer".

Neil wants the others to feel sorry for him, or just acknowledge his presence. To get attention, he tries anything from repeatedly banging himself on the head with a frying pan to attempting suicide. He claims "the most interesting thing that ever happens to me is sneezing".

In the second series, his parents - who appear in the episode "Sick" - are revealed to be upper middle class. They are conservative Tories who look down on Neil.

Neil also says 'heavy' a lot.

Played by Rik Mayall, Rick is an anarchist who is studying sociology and/or domestic sciences (depending on the episode). Rick writes poetry and calls himself "The People's Poet".

Rick is a hypocritical, tantrum-throwing attention-seeker who loves Cliff Richard. Rick tries to impress the others with what he thinks is his wit, talent and humour, but is really none of these. He insults and often physically assaults Neil. He fights and bickers with Vyvyan, and attempts to impress Mike.

Rick is a vegetarian, and says he wishes everyone to love each other like brothers. However, he rarely does anything that can be called brotherly love.

Rick is unlikeable, and so selfish that he believes he is the "most popular member of the flat" even though his housemates really hate him. Vyvyan describes Rick's name as being spelled "with a silent P". Although the other members dislike and ignore Rick, he is heard to say that they "really are terrific friends".
Believing himself the 'People's Poet' or the "spokesperson for a generation", Rick exaggerates or lies about his political activism and working class background, and in the last episode "Summer Holiday", it is suggested he really comes from an upper class, Conservative background.

While he sees himself as an anarchist, he likes the ideas of Vladimir Lenin and Leon Trotsky and states his interest in them in several episodes. However, he claims to dislike Margaret Thatcher, as is noted by his efforts threatening to blow up England with a bomb in the episode "Bomb" if she does not do something "to help the kids, by this afternoon." This is also noticed in "The Young Ones Book," first published by Sphere Books, where negative references are made to Thatcher and the Conservative Party.
Rick speaks loudly and cannot pronounce his "r"s sometimes.

Played by Adrian Edmondson, Vyvyan is an orange-haired, mohican punk rocker and medical student. He is extremely violent and regularly attacks Neil and Rick with pieces of wood, cricket bats and other large objects. He never hurts Mike, whom he respects. He hates Rick more than he does Neil, taking every chance to insult and attack him. For example, when Rick, Mike and Neil meet his mother at a bar in the episode "Boring", he calls both Neil and Mike his friends, but not Rick, whom he calls "a complete bastard." Although Rick and Vyvyan hate each other, this makes them all but inseparable; the two spend more time together than apart, or with the other housemates.

Vyvyan owns a yellow Ford Anglia, with red flames painted along the sides, and a Glaswegian hamster named Special Patrol Group ("SPG" for short) which he is very fond of, even though SPG is also often subjected to Vyvyan's extreme violence. His mother is a barmaid and former shoplifter, who before "Boring" had not seen Vyvyan in ten years and has no idea who his father is.

Vyvyan has inhuman strength on occasion (moving entire walls with his bare hands, lifting Neil above his head in a fight with Rick, biting through a brick and even re-attaching his own head after it was cut off), surviving a pick-axe through the head, and he eats just about anything; televisions, dead rats, cornflakes, or cornflakes with ketchup.

Although he is a homicidal maniac, Vyvyan can be friendly and creative; in one episode ("Flood"), he made his own potion to change a person into an axe-wielding homicidal maniac. He has more friends than the others but "he doesn't like any of them." He often causes damage such as wiring the doorbell to a bomb, and adding a 289 CID Ford V-8 engine to the vacuum cleaner, which proceeds to suck up the carpet, the floorboards and a friend of Neil's. Vyvyan also seems to be the only member of the group with a driving licence.

Played by Christopher Ryan, Mike was the oddest of the four. He is the assumed leader of the group, despite being rather shorter than the others, and does not involve himself in the battles between the other three. He makes puns, which are either deliberately cheap or humorous.

He often uses deep-sounding phrases that confuse the others (for example, when asked by Rick if he stole his apple, Mike replies "Well, if you're gonna sin you might as well be original."). Mike is supposedly the ladies' man of the bunch, and brags about his prowess with women, although he is eventually forced to admit his virginity to the others in "Nasty." Though he is a virgin, as are the rest of the housemates, he always tries to get a date with the opposite sex, being quite forward and unsuccessful.

A con artist, he always has some kind of plan to make quick money, such as renting out Rick's bedroom as a roller disco, and trying to auction off the unexploded atom bomb that fell into the house. Mike attends Scumbag College only in name, as he has blackmailed his tutor and the Dean of the school for grants, and apparently passing grades. In "Summer Holiday" he says "I think I'll ask for one of those Ph.D.s next year."

While Mike often does things at the expense of his housemates, he usually does not show the sort of open hostility that the others do, and seems to cause them trouble only when it benefits him. He has, however, managed to nail his own legs to a table, and accidentally knocked Neil out during a game of cricket. We only see violence done to him once or twice (at the end of the "Living Doll" video, when Vyvyan knocks him unconscious with a hammer and in "Summer Holiday", when Neil transforms into the Incredible Hulk, who picks up Mike and throws him to the ground, however it turns out it was only Neil's imagination).

Throughout the two series, Alexei Sayle regularly appeared as many different characters, putting his own material into the programme in ways that copied his stand up comedy routines. His main role was that of the flat's landlord Jerzy (Jeremy) Balowski, appearing in "Demolition", "Flood" and "Summer Holiday". The rest of the time, he played various male members of "The Balowski Family", including nephew Alexei Balowski (a protest singer), son Reggie Balowski (an international arms dealer), brother Billy Balowski (a lunatic who believed he was a taxi driver), cousin Tommy Balowski (a drunk), escaped convict Brian Damage Balowski, and a medieval jester "Jester Balowski" (with Helen Lederer as his sidekick).

In the second series, Sayle's characters also included a train driver, a Mussolini look-alike (by day the head of the local police force, by night an entrant in the Eurovision Song Contest), and "Harry the Bastard" (manager of the local Rumbelows store, disguised as a South African vampire).

Mike is the natural "leader" of the house. Always trying to make himself appear more important and exciting than he really is, he does appear to have done some of the things he claims to have done (such as getting Bambi the "Babycham" commercial in "Bambi"). He gets little hostility from the other members of the house. If there is any good or friendly relationship in the house it is between Mike and Vyvyan. Vyvyan accepts Mike's role as the house leader, whereas Mike sometimes uses Vyvyan's muscles and willingness to act forcibly, to enforce his own authority.

Neil is the second least liked of the four, although he is the only one who does any kind of household chores and is therefore needed by the other three.

Rick is the least liked. Rick thinks very highly of himself. He tells poor jokes and stories (but finds them hilarious himself), is a wanna-be anarchist (although deep-down he is quite conservative) and frequently acts like a child when he does not get his way. He generally takes out his frustration (when trying to impress the others) on Neil, since Neil never sticks up for himself and is ignored by the others. However, the one time when Neil looked as if he was going to retaliate, Rick fled. Most of his anger comes up in his endless battles with Vyvyan, which he always loses.

In the final episode, the four students steal a red AEC Routemaster after robbing a bank, only to drive it over a cliff, and it explodes into flames at the bottom of a quarry.

The end of the series was not the last appearance of "The Young Ones". For the British charity television appeal Comic Relief, the four recorded a song and video for Cliff Richard's "Living Doll", along with Richard and Shadows guitarist Hank B. Marvin. (Alexei Sayle was not involved, but had already achieved chart success in 1984 with "'Ullo John, Gotta New Motor?".) At the 1986 Comic Relief stage show, they performed the song live.

Mayall, Planer and Edmondson reunited in 1986 for the Elton-written "Filthy Rich & Catflap". The series had many of the same characteristics as "The Young Ones" as did Mayall and Edmondson's next sitcom "Bottom". Ryan, for his part, was regularly recruited to play roles on associated series (such as "Happy Families", "Bottom" and "Absolutely Fabulous").

DVD releases have been somewhat basic: only the U.S. "Every Stoopid Episode" edition featured documentaries, and no extra footage was included. Musical references proved difficult to clear, so "The Sound of Silence" and "Subterranean Homesick Blues" were cut from the U.S. editions.

A new DVD release of all episodes ("Extra Stoopid Edition") came out in November of 2007, with new documentaries and two commentary tracks. This edition restores "The Sound of Silence" and "Subterranean Homesick Blues," but is missing other scenes.

In 1986 MTV bought half the episodes to run on their cable systems during 1987.


Napoléon III

Napoléon III (20 April 1808 – 9 January 1873), also known as Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte, was the first President of the French Republic and the last monarch of France. Made president by popular vote in 1848, Napoleon III ascended to the throne on 2 December 1852, the forty-eighth anniversary of his uncle, Napoleon I's, coronation. He ruled as Emperor of the French until September 1870, when he was captured in the Franco-Prussian War.

Napoleon III, generally known as "Louis Napoléon" before he became emperor, was the son of Louis Bonaparte, brother of Napoléon. His mother was Hortense de Beauharnais, the daughter by the first marriage of Napoleon's wife Josephine de Beauharnais. Louis-Napoléon was a second son and a replacement child. His older brother, Napoléon Charles Bonaparte, died at age four. During Napoleon I's reign, Louis-Napoléon's parents had been made king and queen of a French puppet state, the Kingdom of Holland. 

After Napoleon I's military defeats and deposition in 1815 and the restoration of the Bourbon monarchy in France, all members of the Bonaparte dynasty were forced into exile. Louis Napoleon was quietly exiled to the United States of America, and spent four years in New York City. He also visited Central America. He secretly returned to France and attempted yet another coup in August 1840, sailing with some hired soldiers into Boulogne. In 1844, his uncle Joseph died, making him the direct heir apparent to the Bonaparte claim. Two years later, his father Louis died, making Louis-Napoléon the clear Bonapartist candidate to rule France. 

Louis-Napoléon lived within the borders of the United Kingdom until the revolution of February 1848 in France deposed Louis-Philippe I and established a Republic. He was now free to return to France, which he immediately did. 

In 1848, he was elected President of France in a land slide victory. He won the election because of his popular name and French people hoped that he would return his uncle's glory. He used his rank as stepping stone to greater power. Finally in 1852, he crowned himself as Emperor Napoleon III and the Second French Empire was born. In 1856, Eugenie gave birth to a legitimate son and heir, Louis Napoléon, the Prince Impérial. 

On 28 April 1855 Napoleon survived an attempted assassination. On 14 January 1858 Napoleon and his wife escaped another assassination attempt, plotted by Felice Orsini.
Until about 1861, Napoleon's regime exhibited decidedly authoritarian characteristics, using press censorship to prevent the spread of opposition, manipulating elections, and depriving the Parliament of the right to free debate or any real power. His foreign policy included support for Maximilian I of Mexico.

A far more dangerous threat to Napoleon, however, was looming. France saw its dominance on the continent of Europe eroded by Prussia's crushing victory over Austria in the Austro-Prussian War in June–August 1866. To prevent Prussia under Chancellor Otto von Bismarck becoming even more powerful, Napoleon began the Franco-Prussian War. This war proved disastrous, and was instrumental in giving birth to the German Empire, which would take France's place as the major land power on the continent of Europe. In the 1870 Battle of Sedan Prussian forces captured the Emperor. The forces of the Third Republic deposed his government in Paris two days later.

Napoleon spent the last few years of his life in exile in England, with Eugenie and their only son. The family lived at Camden Place Chislehurst (then in Kent), where he died on 9 January 1873. He was haunted to the end by bitter regrets and by painful memories of the battle at which he lost everything.

Napoleon was originally buried at St. Mary's, the Catholic Church in Chislehurst. However, after his son died in 1879 fighting in the British Army against the Zulus in South Africa, the bereaved Eugenie decided to build a monastery. The building would house monks driven out of France by the anti-religious laws of the Third Republic, and would provide a suitable resting place for her husband and son.

An important legacy of Napoleon III's reign was the rebuilding of Paris under the supervision of Georges-Eugène Haussmann. One purpose was reduce the ability of future revolutionaries to challenge the government by blocking the small, medieval streets of Paris with barricades. However, the main reason for the complete transformation of Paris was Napoleon III's desire to modernize Paris based on what he had seen of the modernizations of London during his exile there in the 1840s.

Charles Perrault

Charles Perrault (12 January 1628 – 16 May 1703) was a French author who started the literary genre of fairy tales. His best known tales include the following:



Saint Joseph

Joseph (; ) is a figure in the Gospels, the husband of Mary, the mother of Jesus and the step father of Jesus. In Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox and Anglican Christian traditions, he is regarded as Saint Joseph.

The Gospel of Luke says that the angel Gabriel came to Mary to tell her that she would give birth to a Son and she should call him Jesus and that he would save people from their sins.

When Joseph found out that Mary was pregnant, he decided to privately break the engagement. But then he had a dream. An angel told him that the baby was the Son of God.

At this time, the Roman Emperor, Caesar Augustus, made a law that everyone in the Roman Empire must pay tax. Everyone had to go back to the town that their family came from, to have their name put on the tax lists. Joseph came from Bethlehem, which was called "The City of David". Joseph took Mary to Bethlehem and she gave birth to the baby, Jesus, in a stable, because there was no room for them in the inn.

West Flanders

West Flanders (; ; , ) is one of the five provinces of the Flemish Region, also named Flanders, and also is one of the ten provinces of Belgium. It is the westernmost province in Flanders.

Its capital is Bruges (, , ).

The whole Belgian North Sea coast, an important tourism destination, lies in West Flanders. A tram line runs the length of the coast, from De Panne on the French border, via the port of Ostend (), to Knokke-Heist on the Dutch frontier.

The province of West Flanders lies in the most densely populated area of Western Europe. It has a population of about 1,209,000 in 2022

It borders the North Sea, northern France, Zeeland in the Netherlands, the Flemish province of East Flanders () and the Walloon province of Hainaut () in Belgium. West Flanders is the only Belgian province that borders both France and The Netherlands.

The province has an area of . In terms of area, it is the largest province in the Flemish Region and the fifth largest in Belgium.

West Flanders has a very flat landscape with polders, except for a row of dunes along the coast and an area with small hills known as the 'Westvlaamse Bergen', with the Kemmelberg (159 m) being the highest point in the province.

The main rivers in the province are the Leie () and Yser (). The Yser flows into the North Sea at the town of Nieuwpoort and the Leie flows into the Scheldt river.

In the north of the province, most industry is concentrated in and around the cities of Bruges and Ostend. Both cities also have important seaports: the port of Bruges-Zeebrugge and the port of Ostend. The south is known for its textile industry.

Tourism is also an important industry in West Flanders. Major touristic attractions include the Belgian coast, the historic centre of Bruges, and places where there were battles around Ypres during World War I.

The province of West Flanders is divided into 8 arrondissements and a total of 64 municipalities.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).


Oneness Pentecostalism

Oneness Pentecostalism, also known as Apostolic Pentecostalism, is a movement of Christianity that split from the Pentecostal movement, at around 1914. Followers believe that the Bible was inspired by God. 

""Oneness"" means that they believe that God is one being, not three persons (like in the Trinity doctrine), and that Jesus is God in human flesh – fully god and fully human. This makes them different from most Unitarians who say that the son of god was only man. ""Apostolic"" means that they follow the Apostolic doctrine (by the 12 Apostles in the early Church). ""Pentecostal"" means that they put an emphasis on the moving of the Holy Spirit (like speaking in tongues) as was done on the Day of Pentecost.

Roşoşa River

The Roşoşa River is a tributary of the Argel River in Romania. That means it flows into the Argel River.

Linux kernel

Linux is an operating system kernel used by a group of Unix-like operating systems. These are known as Linux operating systems.

The Linux kernel is released with the GNU General Public License version 2 (GPLv2) and developed by programmers worldwide.

In April 1991, Linus Torvalds, then 21 years old, started working on some simple ideas for an operating system. Then, on 25 August 1991, Torvalds posted to "comp.os.minix":

After the post, many people made code for the project. By September 1991, Linux version 0.01 was released. It had 10,239 lines of code. In October 1991, Linux version 0.02 was released.

The newsgroup "alt.os.linux" was started, and on January 19, 1992, the first post to alt.os.linux was made. On March 31, 1992, alt.os.linux became "comp.os.linux".

The X Window System was soon moved to Linux. In March 1992, Linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running X. This large version number jump (from 0.1x to 0.9x) was because of a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing parts would be released soon.

On March 14, 1994, Linux 1.0.0 was released, with 176,250 lines of code. In March 1995, Linux 1.2.0 was released (310,950 lines of code).

Linus decided, on May 9, 1996, to adopt Tux the penguin as the mascot for Linux.

Version 2 of Linux, released on June 9, 1996, was a landmark. Strong development continued:

Currently a new kernel version is released in every 2 3/4 months.

In the start, Torvalds released Linux under a license which did not allow anyone to sell it. This was soon changed to the GNU General Public License (GPL), during version 0.12. This license allows distribution and sale of modified and unmodified versions of Linux, but requires that all those copies be released under the same license, and be accompanied by the complete corresponding source code.

Torvalds has said licensing Linux under the GPL as the "best thing I ever did".


Sources:



Sebastian Vettel

Sebastian Vettel (born 3 July 1987 in Heppenheim) is a German race car driver. He is a four-time Formula One world champion. He drives for the Aston Martin team in Formula One and is contracted by the team until the end of 2022. He is a former driver of Red Bull Racing's sister team, Scuderia Toro Rosso, in 2008. Before that he was a reserve driver of BMW Sauber.

He currently holds numerous records in Formula One, most of them from his first win in the Italian Grand Prix and his debut drive in the United States Grand Prix.

 Season still in progress.

 Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance.<br>

Vettel holds the following Formula One records:


Sara Evans

Sara Evans (born February 5, 1971) is a traditional country singer born in Boonville, Missouri. She has had several #1 hits, gold albums and platinum albums.

Music was a big part of her life when she was young. At age 8, she was hit by a car in front of her house and broke both of her legs. She spent months in a wheelchair and kept singing to pay her hospital bills.

At age 16, she began performing in a nightclub in Columbia, Missouri. She did this for two years. At age 20, she moved to Nashville, Tennessee because she wanted to be a country music singer. She met musician Craig Schelske there. A year later, they moved to Oregon, but when they married, they moved back to Nashville.

In 1995, Sara began recording demos. Harland Howard was impressed by them so much he decided to help her get a contract. This paid off when she signed with RCA Records.

Her first album under RCA was called "Three Chords and the Truth", released in 1997. People liked it for being traditional, and it was in many Top 10 lists for that year.

However, country music radio didn't like it that much. None of the singles made the Top 40.

In 1998, Sara released her next album, "No Place That Far". People didn't like it because it was more of a pop-country sound. The first single Cryin' Game didn't do anything, but the next single (No Place That Far, a duet with Vince Gill) became a #1 hit. Because of that the album was certified gold.



Felipe Massa

Felipe Massa (born April 25 1981 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver. In the 2008 racing season he was working for the Ferrari team. His contract allows him to continue driving for that racing team until 2010. In 2008 he is a co-driver of Kimi Räikkönen. Massa was hurt in the 2009 Grand Prix of Hungary qualifying session. He missed the remainder of the 2009 season, but was back for the season.

 As Massa was a guest driver, he was ineligible for points.

() (Races in bold indicate pole position) 

 Driver failed to finish the race, but was classified as they had completed more than 90% of the race distance.


Linux (disambiguation)

Linux may refer to:



Tarsals

Tarsals are bones found in the feet. They are also known as ankle bones. There are seven of them in each foot. The seven tarsals are:


Georg Cantor

Georg Cantor (3 March 1845 - 6 January 1918) was an important German mathematician. He founded set theory and worked on transfinite numbers.

Cantor was born in St Petersburg, Russia. His father had a Jewish-Danish, his mother an Austrian background. His father was a Protestant. He was a rich merchant. His mother was a Roman Catholic. She was very artistic. When his father became ill in 1856 the family moved to Frankfurt. Georg went to private schools and then to gymnasien in Darmstadt and Wiesbaden. He soon showed that he was brilliant at maths. His father wanted him to be an engineer but Georg persuaded him to let him study mathematics. He spent a short time studying at the University of Zürich, but soon went to Berlin where he studied physics, philosophy and mathematics. He was very influenced by the teaching of Weierstrass, Kummer and Kronecker, who were later to become his enemies. He wrote a doctoral thesis in which he said that asking questions was more important than finding the answers. He was talking about a problem that Carl Friedrich Gauss had left unanswered.

Cantor taught for a time at a girls’ school in Berlin, then he became a lecturer in Halle where he remained for the rest of his life. He became full professor there in 1879. Cantor worked on the theory of numbers, continuum hypothesis and then on trigonometric series, starting with ideas that had been developed by Bernhard Riemann on complex variables. He sent a paper on algebraic numbers to be published in Crelle's Journal, but Kronecker was against it. However, Dedekind supported Cantor, and eventually the article was published. This article showed that Cantor was a great mathematician.

When his father died in 1863 he had enough money to build a house for his wife and five children.

Cantor thought that infinite numbers really existed, and used ideas from ancient and medieval philosophy to prove his point. Kronecker disagreed with him. He thought that only integers existed. Kronecker said that “God made integers and all the rest is the work of man”. Kronecker stopped Cantor from being offered a professorship in Berlin, a position he ought to have had since he was one of the greatest mathematicians in the world. Cantor stayed at Halle and continued to work into his old age, although he often suffered from fits of depression. He often lost his temper, but he was also a very kind man. He always gave encouragement to young mathematicians with new ideas. He did not want them to suffer like he had because of older mathematicians who felt threatened by new ideas. A lot of Cantor’s work led eventually to what is called “new mathematics” in schools today.

Cantor died in a mental hospital in Halle on 6 January 1918.


Pay-per-view

Pay-per-view (often abbreviated PPV) is a way that people can pay to watch events on television in their homes. The event is shown at the same time to everyone ordering it. This is different than video on demand systems which lets people see the event at any time. Common events include movies, sporting events, and pornographic movies.

The first major pay-per-view event was on September 16, 1981. This event was Sugar Ray Leonard and Thomas Hearns for the Welterweight Championship. Viacom Cablevision in Nashville, Tennessee, was the first system to offer the event. Over fifty percent of its customers paid to see the fight. Oak Industries Entertainment VP of Programming, Nyhl Henson, put together the fight. He later put together other PPV fights, wrestling matches, and even a Broadway play.

After leaving Viacom, Thompson became head of Sports View. He produced the first pay-per-view football game on October 16, 1983. Sports View was important in creating pay-per-view networks. It was a part of creating TigerVision for LSU, TideVision for Alabama, and UT Vol Seat for Tennessee. Sports View also produced the Ohio State-Michigan Football game on PPV in November of 1983.

In 1985, the first U.S. cable channels to show only pay-per-view, "Viewers Choice", "Cable Video Store", and "Request TV" began operation within days of each other. Viewers Choice was available to both home satellite dish and cable customers. Request TV was available to only cable viewers at first. Dish owners could not use it until the 1990s.

The term "pay-per-view" became more well known in the 1990s when companies like iN DEMAND, HBO, and Showtime started using it to show movies and other things. In Demand would show movies, concerts, and other events at prices between $3.99 to $49.99. HBO and Showtime would offer championship boxing, with prices between $14.99 to $54.99.

Pay-per-view is also a very important way for professional wrestling companies like World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) , Ring of Honor (ROH) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración to earn money.

The first pay-per-view system tested in the United states was the Zenith Phonevision system. In 1949, it used telephone lines to take and receive orders. The telephone lines were also used to descramble the signal on the television. Tests were run for 90 days in Chicago. In 1950, Skiatron tested its system on WOR in New York City. The system used IBM punch cards to descramble the signal. Both systems showed that they could be used but were not allowed to be used by the FCC.

One of the first pay-per-view systems on cable was the Optical Systems. It was first used in 1972 in San Diego. These early systems quickly went out of business, as the cable industry started using satellite technology. This caused systems, for example Home Box Office, to became popular.

Pay-per-view was first used in the United Kingdom with the use of satellite television and cable systems.

Pay-per-view was first used by Foxtel to home television in Australia and New Zealand in the early 2000s. Sky Pacific in Fiji and other Pacific Island Nations started using it in 2006.


Talus

The talus is the second largest of the seven tarsal (ankle) bones. It is next to the calcaneus and navicular bones.


Dhaka District

Dacca District () is a district in the centre of Bangladesh. The district is part of the Dhaka Division, more than half of the district is made up of Dacca - the capital of the district and of Bangladesh too.

Dhaka has a very old history, the city area of Dhaka was ruled by the Buddhist and Hindu kingdoms century.

After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled first by the Turkish and the Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.

During the rule of the Mughal the district was famous for its textile products - especially the Muslin. The Mughal governor Islam Khan was the first administrator of the city. Khan named the town "Jahangir Nagar" ("City of Jahangir") in honour of the Mughal emperor Jahangir, although this name was dropped soon after Jahangir's death.

The city grew in size quite a lot under Mughal general Shaista Khan. The city then measured 19 by 13 kilometres (12 by 8 mi), with almost a million people. The city then passed to the control of the British East India Company in 1765 after the Battle of Plassey. The number of people in the city fell very much as the prominence of Kolkata rose, but development eventually followed. A modern civic water supply system was introduced in 1874 and electricity supply launched in 1878. The Dhaka Cantonment was established near the city, serving as a base for British and Indian soldiers. 

Proprietary software

Proprietary software (or closed source software) does not let people see or change source code of the computer software. It is the opposite of free software. Proprietary software is usually created by businesses who want to sell their software, but some programs that are free to use are still proprietary because the user is not allowed to change them. With proprietary software, only the people that make the software can see and change the code.

Even if the people who make the program give the source code to other people, the program will be proprietary if they do not allow to do important things like these: 

Most companies who sell their software for money (and even some who do not charge money for it) make it proprietary source. This makes it harder for people to copy and change the software, or to use the source code to make similar software. It helps prevent a user from pretending to be the author of someone else's work (a way of plagiarism).


Dhaka Division

Dhaka Division is an administrative division of Bangladesh. The capital and largest city is Dhaka. The division has an area of . It has a population of 38,678,000.

The division of Dhaka is next to the Indian state of Meghalaya to the north, Barisal and Chittagong Divisions on the south, Sylhet Division to the east, Rajshahi and Khulna Divisions to the west.

Kala Dhaka

Kala Dhaka which also used to known as the Black Mountain of Hazara is a mountain range and a former tribal area of Mansehra District, Hazara Division, of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Since 2011 it is a new district of the Hazara division.

Kala Dhaka lies next to the Agror valley of Oghi area to the east and by Tanawal to the south. The range has a length of 25 to 30 miles from north to south and a height of 8,000 feet above sea-level. The river Indus goes through the most northern but and then moves to the south. Between the river and the top of the range the western areas are occupied by some sections of the Yusufzai tribe. The rest of the range is held by another indigenous aboriginal tribe, the Swatis. The Black Mountain has long narrow ridges with higher peaks every now and again. It also has valleys in which there are villages where the tribes live. The upper parts of the ridge are covered with thick forests of pine, oak, sycamore, horse-chestnut, and wild cherry; but the slopes are stony and barren.

The British sent armies more than four times to try and control the Black Mountain Tribes from 1852 to 1892, because some leaders of the tribes opposed the British Government.

In 1851 two officers of the British Customs department in a place called Tanawal were killed. The British believed they were killed by the Hasanzai sept of the Yusufzai tribe, so the British then sent an army led by Colonel Mackeson, which destroyed a number of tribal strongholds. In 1868 the Yusufzai helped by the Khan of Agror, who was upset that the British had set up a police post at Oghi in the Agror valley, attacked that post with many men. But he was forced to move back.

The Khan of Tanawal (who later became the Nawab of Amb (princely state)) who remained loyal to the British, faced attacks by tribes who didn't like the British. Then a large number of the tribes began marching against the British, the British managed to stop them and force them back - however during the fighting twenty-one British villages had been burnt. The British then organised an army under General Wilde - he and his men managed to take over all of the Black Mountain and forced the tribes to accept British rule.

In 1888 the British blocked the area due to the raids by the Hasanzai and Akazai tribes who were being helped by the Madda Khel tribe into the Agror valley. While the British were planning tougher attacks - Major Battye and Captain Urmston and some soldiers of the 5th Gurkhas were surprised and killed by the ancient Gujar tribe (who were allies of the Akazai section of the Yusufzai tribe).

Hashim Khan, who was the chief of the Hasanzai and Akazai, was blamed for starting the attack. The British then sent an armies against the tribes in the same year (1881), the tribes had to pay a lot money to the British and also had to agree that Hashim Ali was not allowed to live there any more. The British then made Ibrahim Khan, a relative and enemy of Hashim Khan, ruler. Investigations also revealed that the Khan of Agror had been behind Hashim, and the tribes, inciting them to rebellion to fulfil his own designs. As a result, the Agror Khan was arrested and imprisoned in Hasan Abdal, Punjab and his estates permanently forfeited in 1889, a limited "jagir" allowance given in lieu, since.

In 1890 the tribe stopped the march of British troops along the crest of the Black Mountain, and so an army was sent against them in the spring of 1891. As soon as the troops left, some local Hindustanis and Madda Khel broke their agreement with the British Government by letting Hashim Khan return. In 1892 the British sent their armies again to fight the tribes - this ultimately ended with the tribes being defeated by British.

Kala Dhaka was badly affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake, according to a report in Time magazine:

Dhaka (disambiguation)

Dhaka may refer to:


Muridke Tehsil

Muridke Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Sheikhupura District, Punjab, Pakistan. The tehsil was formerly part of Ferozewala Tehsil until 2005, when it was separated from Ferozewal and became another of Sheikhupura's tehsils. It is headquartered at the city of Muridke. Besides various villages it includes the town of Narang Mandi.
The 'Ravi Rayon' factory complex is very famous industry in Muridke.
Rice Reasurch Institute is popular place in Kala Shah Kaku.

Ratodero Taluka

Ratodero (Sindhi: رتوديرو) is a taluka of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The Ratodero taluka is about 28 km from the district capital Larkana.

Swabi Tehsil

Swabi is a tehsil of Swabi District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is administratively divided into twenty Union Councils.

Mehrgarh

Mehrgarh, () one of the most important Neolithic (7000 BC to 3200 BC) sites in archaeology, lies on the Kachhi Plain of Balochistan, Pakistan. It is one of the earliest sites with evidence of farming (wheat and barley) and herding (cattle, sheep and goats) in South Asia.

It was rediscovered about 1974.

Geography of Romania

With an area of , Romania is the second biggest country in southeastern Europe. It is the twelfth-largest in Europe. A large part of Romania's border with Serbia and Bulgaria is made by the Danube. The Danube is joined by the Prut River. The Prut River makes the border with the Republic of Moldova. The Danube then flows into the area of the Black Sea inside of Romania, which forms the Danube Delta. The Danube Delta is the second biggest one of the best kept deltas in Europe. It is also a biosphere reserve and a biodiversity World Heritage Site. Some of the other major rivers in Romania are the Siret, which runs from the north to the south of Moldavia; the Olt, which runs from the Carpathian Mountains to Oltenia; and the Mureş, which runs through Transylvania from the east to the west.

The land in Romania is equally divided among mountainous, hilly and lowland areas. The Carpathian Mountains make up a big part of the center of Romania. 14 of its mountain ranges are taller than 2,000 meters. The tallest mountain in Romania is Moldoveanu Peak ().

The Danube is the longest river in Romania. It travels about 1,075 kilometers, almost 40% of its length, through Romania. Almost all of Romania's rivers are either direct or indirect tributaries of the Danube. The most important of these rivers are the Mureş River, the Olt River, the Prut, the Siret River, the Ialomiţa River, the Someş River, and the Argeş River.

The rivers of Romania flow either north, south, east, or west away from the Carpathians. Rain and other precipitation help add to the flow of water in each of the rivers and occasionally cause flooding. In the east, the water from the rivers are obtained by the Siret and Prut rivers. In the south, the rivers flow directly into the Danube. In the west, the rivers flow into the Tisza, which is in Hungary.

The Danube is the most important river in Romania. People use it for transportation and to make hydroelectric power from the rivers' flow of water. Boats and other watercraft are able to travel on nearly all of the places that the Danube flows in Romania. A problem that has occurred with using it for transportation is the fact that it is not very close by any of Romania's big industries.

Romania is in the southeastern part of Europe, where it borders the Black Sea and the Danube. The Carpathian mountains lie in the center.

Geographic coordinates:
Extreme points of Romania:


Because of how far it is from the open sea and where it is in the southwestern part of the European continent, Romania has a climate that is changes between temperate and continental climates with four different seasons. The average yearly temperature is 11 °C in the south and 8 °C in the north. The extreme recorded temperatures are 44.5 °C in Ion Sion 1951 and -38.5 °C in Bod 1942.

Rain, snow, and other precipitation is decent with over per year on the highest western mountains. Most of this falls as snow, which gives Romania good skiing. In the south-centern parts of the country, the amount of rain and snow falls to around . In the Danube Delta, not much rain falls. The lowest temperature ever recorded in Romania was -38.5 °C, near Braşov in the year 1944. The highest temperature ever recorded in Romania was 44.5 °C, in Braila in August 1951.


Mohenjo-daro

Mohenjo-daro (; ) is an ancient city in Pakistan. It was built around 2500 BCE and was the biggest town in the ancient Indus Valley civilization. It's one of the earliest big cities in the world, like the ones in Egypt, Mesopotamia, Crete, and Norte Chico. People also call it the 'Mound of the Dead Men'.

It is in province of Sindh, Pakistan. The city was built around 2600 BC. It was one of the early urban settlements in the world. Mohenjo-daro existed at the same time as the civilization of ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia and Greece. The archaeological ruins of the city are designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In Pakistan, it is one of the national icons of the distant past.

Mohenjo-daro was built in the 26th century BC. It was one of the largest cities of the ancient Indus Valley Civilization, which developed around 3000 BC from the prehistoric Indus culture. At its height, the Indus Civilization spanned much of what is now Pakistan and some parts of northwest India. It also had an outpost in Bactria. There were major urban centers at Harappa, Mohenjo-daro. 

Mohenjo-daro was the most advanced city of its time, with remarkably sophisticated civil engineering and urban planning. When the Indus civilization went into sudden decline around 1900 BC, Mohenjo-daro was abandoned.

The Dancing girl found in Mohenjo-daro is an artifact that is some 4500 years old. The 10.8 cm long bronze statue of the dancing girl was found in 1926 from a house in Mohenjo-daro. She was British archaeologist Mortimer Wheeler's favorite statuette, as he said in this quote from a 1973 television program:

John Marshall, one of the excavators at Mohenjo-daro, described her as a vivid impression of the young ... "girl, her hand on her hip in a half-impudent posture, and legs slightly forward as she beats time to the music with her legs and feet."

A seated male sculpture is the so-called "Priest King" (even though there is no evidence that either priests or kings ruled the city). Archaeologists discovered the sculpture in Lower town at Mohenjo-daro in 1927. It was found in an unusual house with ornamental brickwork and a wall niche and was lying between brick foundation walls which once held up a floor.

This bearded sculpture wears a fillet around the head, an armband, and a cloak decorated with trefoil patterns that were originally filled with red pigment.

Kot Diji

The ancient site at Kot Diji () was the forerunner of the Indus Civilization. The people of this site lived about 3000 BC. The remains consist of two parts; the citadel area on high ground, and the outer area.

Kot Diji is located about 22 kilometres south of Khairpur in the province of Sindh, Pakistan. The site is at the foot of the hills. There a fort (Kot Diji Fort) was built around 1790 by the Talpur ruler of Upper Sindh, Mir Suhrab, who ruled from 1783 to 1830. This fort built on the ridge of a steep narrow hill is well preserved.

Today, Kot Diji is on the way to becoming a more developed area. It has broadband and Wi-Fi internet connections, and all the cellular network service providers are active in the area. Many private and government schools, teaching in English, Urdu, and Hindi, are in Kot Diji. A new shopping centre called "Khazana" has also been built in the city.


Chanhu-daro

Chanhudaro (also Chanhu Daro) is an archaeological site. It was a part of the Jhukar phase of Indus valley civilization. The site is located south of Mohenjo-daro, in Sindh, Pakistan. People lived in the settlement between 4000-1700 BC. Chanhudaro is believed to have been a centre for manufacturing carnelian beads.

Digging first started in Chanhudaro in the middle of the 1930s by the American School of Indic and Iranian Studies and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. After the independence of Pakistan, Mohammed Rafique Mughal also did work in the area.

List of lakes of Romania

The following is a list of lakes in Romania, by type of lake:


Harappa

Harappa () is an archaeological site in Punjab, northeast Pakistan. It is about 35 km (22 miles) southwest of Sahiwal. A village with the same name is located about 6 kilometres from the site. About 15,000 people live there. 

The site got little attention until the 1920s. In 2005, an amusement park scheme was abandoned during the early stages of building work. Harrapa is a beautiful place 

The site contains the ruins of a city from the Bronze Age. The people living in Harappa were part of the Indus Valley Civilization.

National Hockey League rules

While the National Hockey League (NHL) follows the general rules of ice hockey, it is slightly different from those used in international games organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation such as the Olympics. 


Gilgit Agency

Gilgit Agency () was the name of most of the area of northern Kashmir which formed a de facto dependency of Pakistan from 1947 to 1970, which was then merged into Northern Areas. The Agency was administered directly from Islamabad separately from the neighbouring state of Azad Jammu and Kashmir and the princely states of Hunza-Nagar District. The area of the Agency comprised the traditional region of Gilgit. The Agency also bordered the Sinkiang region of China to the northeast, the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir to the south, Baltistan to east, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the west. Both India and Pakistan recognise the regions of Gilgit and Baltistan as disputed and technically part of the divided State of Jammu & Kashmir.

The chief towns of the Agency were Gilgit and Skardu with the small town of Ghyari also holding significance for Shia Muslims as the site of a mosque built by Sayyid Ali Hamadani, a fourteenth century Persian who brought Islam to the region

Latifabad Tehsil

Latifabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city of Latifabad is the headquarters of the subdivision

Aar

The Aar (German: "Aare") is a tributary of the Rhine and is the longest river that both comes up from and ends completely inside of Switzerland.

Mehar Tehsil

Mehar Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Dadu District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.

Qasimabad Tehsil

Qasimabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan

Mary

Mary [ mer-ee, mair-ee ] is a female given name. It can refer to:

The name Mary has been a popular name for centuries and continues to be commonly used today. Its rich history and association with various meanings and interpretations make it a name of great significance. The name Mary has been used across different cultures and languages, and it has been given to numerous women throughout history. The name Mary is derived from the Hebrew name Miriam, which translates to "bitterness" or "rebellion." In the Bible, Mary is revered as the mother of Jesus Christ, and she symbolizes purity, grace, and devotion. She is also referred to as the "Queen of Heaven" and is recognized as one of the most significant figures in Christianity. This name was ranked #133 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Asea Brown Boveri

ABB Group is a power and automation company based in Zürich, Switzerland. It is one of the world's largest engineering multinationals with operations in around 100 countries. The company has five divisions: Power Products, Power Systems, Discrete Automation & Motion, Low Voltage Products and Process Automation.

Samaro

Samaro is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is at 25°16'60N 69°23'45E and has an altitude of 11 metres (39 feet), the town is the headquarters of a taluka (an administrative subdivision) of Umerkot District.

Fatehpur Thakiala Tehsil

Fatehpur Thakiala is one of the three tehsils, (administrative subdivisions), of Kotli District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is also called Nakyal.

Alamanni

The Alamanni, Allemanni, or Alemanni were a group of west Germanic peoples. They lived around the upper Main, which is the longest tributary of the Rhine. They expanded their territory around parts of Germania and present-day Alsace. The land they lived on was called Alemannia.


Sibi Tehsil

Sibi Tehsil () is a subdivision (tehsil) of Sibi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.

Schloss Lenzburg

Schloss Lenzburg (also known as Lenzburg Castle) is a castle that was started above the older part of the town of Lenzburg in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland. It is one of the oldest castles in Switzerland.

A1 motorway (Switzerland)

The A1 is a major highway in Switzerland. It stretches across the majority of Northern Switzerland, starting relatively close to Geneva and ends at St. Margrethen. It has roughly 86 exits and buildings (these are listed on the table above).

Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil

Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. 

The tehsil is administratively divided into 21 Union Councils, four of which form the headquarters - Dera Ismail Khan.

Gojal

Gojal Tehsil (), also known as Upper Hunza is the largest tehsil of the Gilgit District, Northern Areas of Pakistan, it is north of the Gilgit region and is close to the Chinese border.

Gojal is a network of small and large valleys sharing borders with Hunza in the South, China in the North and East and Afghanistan in the North West. Shishkat is the first village of Gojal. Except for the Shimshal, Misgar and Chipursan valleys, all villages of Gojal can be seen while travelling on the Karakuram Highway.

The Karakorum Highway (KKH) crosses Gojal entering China at the Khunjerab Pass linking Pakistan to China and, in the future, other Central Asian states such as Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, and Kazakhstan.

Gojra Tehsil

Gojra Tehsil is a part (tehsil) of Toba Tek Singh District in Punjab, Pakistan. It has an area of 1,115 km² and is administratively separated into 24 Union Councils, 6 of which form the tehsil capital Gojra.

Guanaco

The guanaco ("Lama guanicoe") is camelid animal native to South America. Guanacos are usually found in small herds or loosely structured family groups.

When a member of the herd picks up the slightest hint of danger, it makes a high-pitched warning call, causing the other guanacos to flee swiftly and nimbly across the steep and uneven terrain.

Guanacos generally live at high elevations, grazing on grasses and browsing on leaves and buds.
They can get by without water for long periods of time, obtaining moisture from the plants they eat.

Vicuña

The vicuña ("Vicugna vicugna") is one of two wild South American camelids. The vicuña is the smallest of the camelids. It has had an interesting relationship with humans over time.

The main colour of the soft, wooly coat (hair) is ochre, light cinnamon, or reddish brown. The lower part of the body, the inside of the legs, and the underside of the head are white. On the chest, at the base of the neck, there is a 'mane' of white hairs. They can be 20-30 cm (8-12 inches) in length. The vicuña is very slender (slim). It has long neck and skinny limbs. The head is small and wedge shaped. The ears are small and triangular. The incisors (front teeth) of the vicuña are always growing. It is the only even toed-ungulate with teeth that always grow. The enamel is on only one side. This is because of the tough grasses which they eat.

The vicuña lives in grasslands at elevations of 3,500-5,800 meters (11,700-19,300 feet) in the Andes mountains of Peru, Bolivia, Argentina, and Chile.

Nocturnes (Debussy)

Nocturnes is a piece of music for orchestra by the French composer Claude Debussy. There are three movements. A female chorus also sings in the last movement. Debussy finished writing "Nocturnes" on 15 December 1899. 

The three movements each have a title. They are:

A large portion of Debussy’s music, including his nocturnes, is inspired by the works of the Impressionist painters. The word nocturne (from the Latin "nocturnus") usually describes a piece that is inspired by the night. However, Debussy's Nocturnes do not follow this patter; rather, they capture the way light is shown in Impressionist paintings.

'Nuages' is about the clouds in the sky and the way they move slowly in grey colours with a little white.

'Fêtes' is a very lively picture of a group of people having a celebration and dancing. A procession is heard arriving. The music of the procession gradually gets louder, mixes with the music of the dancing, then it gradually dies away as the procession disappears into the distance.

'Sirènes' describes the sea and the many rhythms that can be heard when we listen to it. The moonlight shines on the sea, and the mysterious song of the Sirens is heard as they laugh.

The Lamoureux Orchestra conducted by Camille Chevillard gave the first performance of "Nuages" and "Fêtes" in Paris in 1900, and they played the first performance of all three movements the next year. Some of the listeners found it hard to understand at first, but today "Nocturnes" is one of Debussy’s most popular works.

The music lasts for about 22 minutes.

Brooklyn Nets

The Brooklyn Nets are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in the New York City community of Brooklyn. They play their home games in the, Barclays Center.

The team was founded as the New Jersey Americans in 1967, and played in the American Basketball Association (ABA). After one season in that state, they moved to Long Island, becoming the New York Nets. In 1976, the Nets were one of four ABA teams that joined the NBA, and returned to New Jersey a year later, becoming the New Jersey Nets. After their return to New Jersey, they played on the campus of Rutgers University. In 1981, they moved to East Rutherford, closer to New York City. In 2010, they moved to Newark, and played there until their new Brooklyn arena was built. Once they moved to Brooklyn, they became the Brooklyn Nets.


NBA Rookie of the Year

NBA Executive of the Year

NBA Sportsmanship Award

J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award
All-NBA First Team

All-NBA Second Team

All-NBA Third Team

NBA All-Defensive First Team

NBA All-Defensive Second Team
NBA All-Rookie Team

NBA All-Rookie Team|NBA Rookie Second Team

Cleveland Cavaliers

The Cleveland Cavaliers are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Cleveland, Ohio. They began playing in 1970. They play their home games at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse, originally known as Gund Arena and later as Quicken Loans Arena. They now have one NBA championship won in 2016 with the help of LeBron James.

For years, the team had little success, although with players such as Brad Daugherty and Mark Price, they had some success in the late 1980s and early 1990s. They reached the Eastern Conference Finals in 1992, where they lost to Michael Jordan's Chicago Bulls.

In 2003, the Cavaliers won the NBA Draft lottery, and chose LeBron James with the first pick. James became a star, and the Cavaliers reached the NBA Finals for the first time in 2007. However, they lost to the San Antonio Spurs, 4 games to 0. This was the only time that the Cavaliers reached the NBA Finals until 2015

James's contract ran out in 2010, and James decided not to sign another contract with the Cavaliers. Instead, he would play for the Miami Heat where he lead the team to four straight Finals, winning two of them. The Cavaliers were immediately a worse team. At one point during the 2010-2011 season, they lost 26 games in a row. This set a new NBA record for the most games lost in a row.

After the 2013–14 season, James' contract with the Heat ended, and he decided to return to the Cavaliers. The team, which in the meantime had added rising star Kyrie Irving and would soon add another star in Kevin Love, once again became NBA title contenders. Despite Irving and Love being out with injuries, LeBron lead the Cavaliers to a 2–1 lead, but lost the 2015 NBA Finals to the Golden State Warriors in six games, and won a rematch against the Warriors in the 2016 Finals after coming down 3–1 being the first team in the NBA Finals to do so. The championship was the first ever for the Cavaliers, and the first for any major sports team in Cleveland in over 50 years. However, the Cavaliers lost to the Warriors in 2017 and 2018 Finals. James once again left the Cavaliers and joined the Los Angeles Lakers where he won his fourth championship in his second season with the team.

They are now lead by Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland, and Evan Mobley.

Indiana Pacers

The Indiana Pacers are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Indianapolis, Indiana. They began playing in the American Basketball Association (ABA) from 1967 to 1976. The Pacers joined the NBA in 1976. They play their home games at Gainbridge Fieldhouse.

Fan (machine)

Fans are a device used for cooling themselves down when they feel hot, especially:


The fans making history are at least 3000 years, and the earliest fans can date from 3000 BC according to the record. Fans were first made in China. The first European folding fans were brought into Europe by businessman and religious orders from China, and they are considered as a status symbol in Europe then.

Washington Wizards

The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Washington, D.C. at the Verizon Center. They were known as the Washington Bullets from 1974–1997 and were formed as the Chicago Packers in 1961. Michael Jordan came out of his second retirement to play with the Washington Wizards from 2001–02 and was the Wizards' president of basketball operations from 2001 - 2003 until he was fired by Wizards' majority owner Abe Pollin.

The team won an NBA Championship in 1978 over the Seattle SuperSonics. Wes Unseld was the Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals.

Orlando Magic

The Orlando Magic are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Orlando, Florida. They began playing in 1989. They play their home games at the Kia Center. They are the only team in the "big four" sports leagues to be based in Orlando. Steve Clifford is the current owner of the team.

Charlotte Hornets (NBA)

The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Charlotte, North Carolina. They play their home games at the Spectrum Center. Most of the team is owned by Michael Jordan, who was a star player for the Chicago Bulls in the 1980s and 1990s. The team started playing in 2004 as the Charlotte Bobcats, and was the second NBA team to play in Charlotte (the New Orleans Pelicans had played in Charlotte as the Hornets from 1988 to 2002). In 2010, the Bobcats made the playoffs for the first time.

After the New Orleans Hornets renamed themselves the Pelicans in 2013, they gave the "Hornets" name back to the NBA. The Bobcats soon announced they would rename themselves the Hornets beginning with the 2014–15 NBA season, and the name change became official on May 20, 2014.

At the time of the change to "Hornets", the team also said that it had reached a deal with the NBA and the Pelicans to split the Pelicans' history and records between the two teams:

Denver Nuggets

The Denver Nuggets are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Denver, Colorado. They play their home games at Ball Arena, formerly known as Pepsi Center. Carmelo Anthony, Chauncey Billups, J.R. Smith, Allen Iverson, and Nenê used to play for them. Led by current stars Nikola Jokić, Jamal Murray, and Michael Porter Jr., the Nuggets made their first Finals appearance in 2023 facing the Miami Heat, winning 4 games to 1 to win their first NBA championship.

Memphis Grizzlies

The Memphis Grizzlies are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They play their home games at the FedExForum in Memphis, Tennessee.

In 1995, the team began playing in the NBA. The team was then in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and was called the Vancouver Grizzlies. In 2001, the Grizzlies moved to Memphis because the previous owner, Orca Bay Sports and Entertainment, started losing money on the franchise due to low attendance and a weak Canadian dollar.

Los Angeles Clippers

The Los Angeles Clippers are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They play their home games in the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, California. The Los Angeles Lakers also play their home games in the crypto.com arena. They are set to move into the new arena in 2024, the Intuit Dome.

Texas A&amp;M University–Corpus Christi

Texas A&M University–Corpus Christi is a public university in Corpus Christi, Texas, United States. It has about 7,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1947. 

Freedom of the press

Freedom of the press is a promise by a government not to punish journalists (and other people who report the news) for doing their job. It is an idea like freedom of speech: it lets people express their opinions or beliefs. Many countries have laws or constitutional amendments protecting freedom of the press. The word "press" in the phrase comes from the printing press.

Like with freedom of speech, freedom of the press does not protect everything that a journalist writes. A journalist can be sued for libel, which is publishing false and damaging claims about a person. Publishing copyrighted material is not legal in many countries. Writing about state secrets, like military plans, weapon designs, or other classified information is almost always illegal.

Olympic Flame

The Olympic Flame or Olympic Torch is a symbol of the Olympic Games. A committee plans the route that it goes through, which ends at the city where the event is being hosted. Sometimes people use the torch route to make a point. During the 2008 Olympic torch relay to Beijing, people talked about and held signs that were against China's human rights record and signs that said Tibet was not a part of China.


Freedom of assembly

Freedom of assembly and freedom of association, is the right to join together with others peacefully to reach common goals and express common opinions, both in public and in private. This usually includes business groups (or corporation), civic organizations, labor unions, political parties, and protest groups. 

Freedom of assemble does not mean that any group can come together for any purpose. Some governments prohibit militias, or groups of people outside the military that gather weapons and train soldiers, from demonstrating in public with their weapons to cause violence and a disturbance.

Many developed nations protect the freedom of assembly. Many have passed laws or constitutional amendments ensuring that people will be able to freely assemble. These include:

First Amendment to the United States Constitution

The First Amendment to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights that protects freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of assembly, freedom of the press, and right to petition. 

The Establishment Clause does not allow the government to support one religion more than any other religion. The government also can not say that a religion or a god is true. This is often described as "separation of church and state", where "state" means "The Government". It also does not allow the government to establish a national religion. It allows people to debate religion freely without the federal government of the United States getting involved. The clause did not stop the various states from supporting a particular religion, and several states did.


Parliamentary procedure

Parliamentary procedure is a commonly accepted way in which a group of people work together to discuss and make decisions. It is a set of rules for meetings.

The term gets its name from its use in the Parliamentary system of government.

In the 16th century, there were rules of order in the early British Parliaments. In the 1560s, Sir Thomas Smith published a book about the procedures in the House of Commons in 1583. Early rules included

The Westminster parliamentary procedures are followed in several Commonwealth countries, including the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, India, and South Africa. In Canada, for example, Parliament uses ["House of Commons Procedure and Practice" as its primary procedural authority.

The rules of the United States Congress were developed from the parliamentary procedures used in Britain. Variations of the American parliamentary procedures are followed in many nations, including Indonesia, the Phillipines, Mexico and South Korea.

In contrast, the procedures of the Diet of Japan have moved away from the British parliamentary model. After the end of World War II, there were efforts to bring Japanese parliamentary procedures more in line with American congressional practices. In Japan, informal negotiations are more important than formal procedures.

In the US, the most widely used set of rules is "Robert's Rules of Order".



Militia

A militia is a group of people who are not in the standing army or regular military but do many military tasks such as collecting weapons, training soldiers, defending people or land and policing an area. Militias are often made up of veterans, who used to be in the military. 

Some militias, like the United States National Guard, are organized by a government. It is a group of state militias that help with wars, natural disasters and other emergencies. Others are not connected to a government and may even be illegal. One common definition of a militia includes all men who can serve as soldiers.

In the early late 20th century, some militias acted as professional forces but were still "part-time" or "on-call" organizations. 

Pictures at an Exhibition

Pictures at an Exhibition is a piece of music for solo piano composed by Modest Mussorgsky in 1874. It is Mussorgsky’s most famous solo piano work and often played by virtuosos to show how good they are. Many years after Mussorgsky’s death, Maurice Ravel made an arrangement of the piece for orchestra. This version, by a Russian composer and a French arranger, is how people usually hear the music today. 

"Pictures at an Exhibition" is a musical description of an exhibition of pictures by the painter Viktor Hartmann. Hartmann was only 39 when he died in 1873. He and Mussorgsky had been good friends. They both tried to give their works a very Russian character: Hartmann through his pictures and Mussorgsky through his music. In 1874 an exhibition of Hartmann’s pictures was organised in the Academy of Fine Arts in St Petersburg. Mussorgsky went to the exhibition and was inspired to compose his piano piece. 

"Pictures at an Exhibition" describes someone walking round the exhibition and looking at the pictures. The ten pictures he describes in music were drawings and watercolours. Mussorgsky starts his piece with a tune which describes the person walking round the exhibition. It is usually known as the “promenade” theme (a promenade is a walk). At first Mussorgsky puts the promenade theme between each picture, but he does not do that all the way through the piece. Some of the later pictures have bits of the promenade theme in the music.

Mussorgsky composed the piece very quickly. It was not published until 1886, five years after the composer’s death. The composer’s great friend Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov published it, but he made some changes to what Mussorgsky had written. It was not until 1931 that an edition was published which tried to show exactly what Mussorgsky had written.

Four of the pictures that Mussorgsky described in his music:


These are the ten pictures which are then described in Mussorgsky’s music:




Wine (disambiguation)

Wine is an alcoholic beverage.

Wine can also mean:


Wine (software)

Wine is a piece of software which lets Unix-like computer operating systems on the x86 and x86-64 architectures to execute programs written for Microsoft Windows. Wine runs Windows programs without using emulation. Wine also provides a software library known as "Winelib" which developers can compile Windows applications against to help port them to Unix-like systems. Some Wine code is used in ReactOS, a free operating system that is Windows-compatible and is not based on Unix.

The Wine developers released version 1.0 of Wine, after 15 years of development, on June 17 2008. 
Wine is free software, released under terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL).


Carbon-12

Carbon-12 (also written C) is an isotope of carbon. It is the most common isotope of carbon, as 98.89% of all carbon is this type of carbon. It is one of two stable (non-radioactive) isotopes of carbon. The other is carbon-13.

Carbon-12 is important in chemistry as it is the benchmark from which all other relative atomic masses are worked out. Its relative atomic mass is exactly 12.


Art rock

Art rock (also sometimes called progressive rock or classical rock) is a sub-genre of rock music that has "experimental influences". It tries to make rock music into art instead of just entertainment. It often uses longer songs than other genres of rock. It uses different techniques such as elements (parts) of classical music. It is not usually music to dance to, but music to just listen to. It started in the 1960s. Phil Spector (an American music producer) and Brian Wilson (the leader of The Beach Boys) are two early examples of musicians making art rock. The genre was popular with British bands at the end of the 1960s and the beginning of the 1970s. 

Art rock is often the same as progressive rock, especially for bands in the 1970s. Allmusic says that progressive rock and art rock are almost the same; both describe rock music that is more artistic. The term "Progressive rock" became more popular to talk of the genre of rock music. Art rock is often to describe bands that are harder to define.

Princeton University's Wordnet dictionary says that "progressive rock, art rock" are "a style of rock music that [came out] in the 1970s; associated with attempts to [mix] rock with jazz and other forms." It also says that it is meant "for listening and not dancing".

Examples include Queen, King Crimson, The Who, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, David Bowie, The Velvet Underground, The Beatles, Genesis, Radiohead and Yes.

MIT License

The MIT License is a free software license that was created at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). It is a permissive license, meaning that it allows programmers to put the code in proprietary software on the condition that the license is given with that software, and GPL-compatible, meaning that the GPL permits programmers to combine and redistribute it with software that uses the MIT License.

According to the Free Software Foundation, the MIT License is more accurately called the X11 license, since MIT has used many licenses for software and the license was first written for the X Window System.

Software that use the MIT License include Expat, PuTTY, Mono development platform class libraries, Ruby on Rails, Cakephp, Twisted, Lua 5.0 onwards and the X Window System, which the license was written for.

Some software are dual licensed under the MIT License, such as older versions of the cURL library, which allowed recipients to choose either the Mozilla Public License or the MIT License.

This is the license:



Blender (magazine)

Blender is an American music magazine that self-identifies as "the ultimate guide to music and more." It is also known for sometimes having pictures of female celebrities that showing them with a lot of their body uncovered. It puts together lists of albums, artists, and songs, including both "best of" lists and "worst of" lists. In each issue, there is a review of an artist's entire discography, with a review of each album. The magazine teamed up with VH1 to create the "50 Most Awesomely Bad Songs".

"Blender" is published by Dennis Publishing. The magazine was started in 1994 as the first digital CD-ROM magazine by Jason Pearson, David Cherry & Regina Joseph, acquired by Felix Dennis/Dennis Publishing, UK. It published 15 digital CD issues, and launched on the web in 1997. It started publishing a print edition again in 1999 in the same form that it does today. Blender CD-ROM showcased the earliest digital editorial (paper) formats, as well as the first forms of digital advertising. The first digital advertisers included: Calvin Klein, Apple Computer, Toyota and Nike.


Discography

Discography is the study and listing of sound recordings. The word comes from the word "disc", which is the most commonly used term for describing the format used most for sound recordings in the 20th century, and the "-graph" suffix meaning something written.

A listing of all recordings of a musician or singer is usually called their "discography". Discographies may also be created based on a particular musical genre or record label, for example, so that all artists in a genre, or that have contracts with a certain label, are listed together.

The term "discography" became popular in the 1930s by collectors of jazz records. Jazz fans did research and self-published discographies about when jazz records were made and what musicians were on the records, as record companies did not commonly include that information on/with the records at that time.



Euoplocephalus

Euplocephalus (meaning "well-armored head") was a large armored dinosaur, measuring about 20 feet (6 m) long; it weighed about 2 tons. Its wide head had a horny, toothless beak, small, peg-like cheek teeth, bony horns, and a small brain. Among its contemporaries were the large meat-eating "Tyrannosaurus" and "Deinonychus".

Fossils from more than 40 individuals have been discovered in Alberta, Canada and Montana in the United States, making "Euoplocephalus" the best known ankylosaurid. This includes 15 skulls, teeth, and a few almost-complete skeletons, found with the armor still attached. Individual armor plates are the most commonly found element from them.

Progressive metal

Progressive metal (often called prog metal) is a sub-genre of heavy metal music that mixes the powerful, guitar-driven sound of metal with the complexity of progressive rock, which includes odd time signatures and complicated instrumental playing. Some progressive metal bands are also influenced by jazz fusion and classical music. Like progressive rock songs, progressive metal songs are usually much longer than other metal songs, and they are often themed in concept albums. As a result, progressive metal is rarely heard on mainstream radio and video programs.

Progressive metal started with progressive rock bands from the late 1960s and early to mid-1970s such as Yes, Pink Floyd, Jethro Tull, King Crimson, Genesis, Kansas and Rush. It did not evolve into a genre of its own until the mid-1980s. Bands such as Queensrÿche, Fates Warning and Dream Theater took certain aspects of progressive rock music and mixed them with heavy metal styles.


Mamenchisaurus

Mamenchisaurus was a long-necked, plant-eating sauropod dinosaur. It had the longest necks of any known dinosaur. "Mamenchisaurus" was first discovered in 1952 on the construction site of the Yitang Highway in Sichuan Province of China. There are a number of species.

Its neck was about 46 feet (14 m). It had 19 vertebrae in its neck, more than any other known dinosaur. "Mamenchisaurus" was about 70 to 80 feet (21 to 25 m) long and weighed roughly 12 tons (11 tonnes). 

Its hind legs were longer than the front legs; these hind legs were similar to the legs of "Diplodocus". Its skull however, was box-shaped, unlike "Diplodocus"' elongated snout.

Knoxville, Tennessee

Knoxville is the third-largest city in the state of Tennessee, in the United States of America. The largest city in the state is Nashville, followed by Memphis. Knoxville is the county seat of Knox County. In 2020, it had a population of 190,740.

The city has been often called "The Streaking Capital of the World" and "The Underwear Capital of the World".

Knoxville was founded in 1786 and is the second oldest of Tennessee's four major cities, after Nashville which was founded in 1779. After Tennessee's admission into the Union in 1796, Knoxville was the state's first capital. In 1819, the capital was moved to Murfreesboro, prior to Nashville becoming the current capital. The city was named in honor of the first Secretary of War, Henry Knox.

Knoxville's economy is largely fueled by the regional location of the main campus of the University of Tennessee, the and other Department of Energy facilities in nearby Oak Ridge, the National Transportation Research Center, and the Tennessee Valley Authority.

Knoxville's textile and manufacturing industries were hurt by foreign competition in the 1950s and 1960s. After the building of the Interstate Highway system in the 1960s, the railroad—which had been largely responsible for Knoxville's industrial growth—began to decline. Suburban shopping malls in the 1970s took retail revenues away from Knoxville's Downtown area. So, the city sought to recover the massive loss of revenue by trying to annex neighboring communities in Knox County. People fought these annexation attempts. Several efforts to combine all of the Knoxville and Knox County governments failed. But the city and county school boards merged on 1 July 1987.

Knoxville tried to improve its downtown. The 1982 World's Fair—the most successful of these projects—became one of the most popular world's fairs in U.S. history with 11 million visitors. The fair's energy theme was selected due to Knoxville being the headquarters of the Tennessee Valley Authority and for the city's proximity to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. The Sunsphere, a steel truss structure topped with a gold-colored glass sphere, was built for the fair and remains one of Knoxville's most prominent buildings, along with the adjacent amphitheater which underwent a renovation that was completed in 2008.

Ever since, Knoxville's downtown has been developing, with the opening of the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame and the Knoxville Convention Center, redevelopment of Market Square, a new visitors center, a regional history museum, a Regal Cinemas theater, several restaurants and bars, and many new and redeveloped condominiums. Since 2000 Knoxville has successfully brought business back to the downtown area. The arts in particular have begun to flourish, there are multiple venues for outdoor concerts. The Tennessee and Bijou Theaters were renovated.

Knoxville has seven sister cities as designated by Sister Cities International:


Così fan tutte

Così fan tutte, ossia La scuola degli amanti ("Women are like that, or The school for lovers") is an "opera buffa" with music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and an Italian libretto by Lorenzo Da Ponte. "Così" was first performed at the Burgtheater in Vienna on 26 January 1790. 

Legend says the opera was based on a real-life incident that occurred in Vienna. In the 19th century, the opera was considered somewhat naughty, and was rarely performed. Modern critics however believe that the music is some of Mozart's finest, and the opera is now frequently performed around the world.

The opera is set in Naples in the 18th century. Don Alfonso wagers two young soldiers that their sweethearts will prove unfaithful if given the chance. The men accept the bet. They tell their sweethearts that they have been called to the front and leave Naples.

They return however as turban-clad, moustache-wearing "Albanians" to woo each other's sweetheart. With the conniving of Despina, the two sisters consent to marry the foreigners. At the last moment, the men remove their disguises, and rebuke their faithless sweethearts.

Revolver (magazine)

Revolver is a monthly hard rock and heavy metal magazine published by Future US. It started as a magazine that was about more popular styles of music, but then changed to what it is now. The magazine is put together a lot like "Spin", and also writes about the heavy metal and punk subcultures. It has cover stories (usually centering on a band's new album, song, or upcoming tour), album reviews, instrument reviews, and a section for readers to get advice from a celebrity.

Another notable feature of the magazine is its coverage of underground and up-and-coming bands from all over the world. Instead of focusing only on the most popular bands, "Revolver" introduces a lot that are not played on the radio or on MTV.

Its slogan is: "The World's Loudest Rock Magazine!"


University of York

The University of York is a research-intensive university in the city of York, England. York University began in 1963, and has more than 30 departments and centres, covering many subjects.

Despite its relatively young age, the university has a big reputation. York has been named the 8th best "young university" in the world, and first in the UK, building a "reputation to rival Oxford and Cambridge".

The university is among the top 10 in the country, top 20 universities in Europe, and ranked 96th in the world, according to the 2011 QS World University Rankings. This places York in the top 1% of all higher education institutions across the globe.

In the last Research Assessment Exercise in 2008, York was also named as the 8th best research institution in the United Kingdom. The university was named Sunday Times university of the year in 2003 and Times Higher Education university of the year in 2010. In 2012, The University of York was invited to join the Russell Group in recognition of the institution's world-leading research and outstanding teaching.


Magazine circulation

A magazine's circulation is the number of copies it usually distributes for each issue. It is one of the main factors used to determine how much money they will charge businesses to advertise in the magazine. Circulation is not always the same as copies sold, which is usually called paid circulation, because many magazines are distributed to readers without making them pay anything. This is more true for magazines dealing with business and professional topics. When determining readership figures, which is how many people read an issue, the number is usually considered to be higher than the circulation figures because of the assumption that most copies of the magazine are read by more than one person. In many countries, circulation figures are checked by companies that do not work for the magazine, such as the Audit Bureau of Circulations, to make sure that the numbers a publisher gives to advertisers is accurate.

Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa

Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa von Nettesheim (14 September 1486 – 18 February 1535) was a German occult writer, astrologer, and alchemist.

Agrippa was born in Cologne in 1486. In 1512, he taught at the University of Dole in France.

In 1510, he studied briefly with Johannes Trithemius.

During this part of his life in Germany, France and Italy, he worked as a theologian, physician, legal expert and soldier.

He was for some time in the service of Maximilian I.

According to his student Johann Weyer, in the book "De praestigiis daemonum", Agrippa died in Grenoble, in 1535.


Paracelsus

Paracelsus (11 November or 17 December 1493 in Einsiedeln, Switzerland – 24 September 1541 in Salzburg, Austria) was a Swiss-Austrian alchemist, physician, astrologer, and general occultist. The name "Paracelsus" was a nickname: it means "equal to or greater than Celsus", and refers to his medical skill. He was born Phillip von Hohenheim.

He gained his doctorate degree from the University of Ferrara in 1515 or 1516.

He gave zinc its name (in Latin as "zincum"). He also named the cyanobacterium "Nostoc", which is a long-chain colonial bacterium. The adjective "bombastic" comes from his family name. It refers to his arrogance.

Paracelsus was responsible for the creation of laudanum, an alcoholic herbal opium preparation. It was in common use up to the 19th century. Like most of the alchemists, he was a notable botanist. He wrote various books, but especially his major work (title translated as: "On the miners' sickness and other diseases of miners"). This listed the occupational hazards of metalworking, including treatment and prevention strategies. He also wrote a book on the human body which contradicted Galen's ideas. He disagreed with Galen's idea of four humours, and instead believed that disease could come from an external source.



Morris

Maurice de Bevere (December 1, 1923 - July 16, 2001), better known as Morris, was a Belgian cartoonist and the creator of "Lucky Luke".

He was born in Kortrijk, Belgium and started drawing in the Compagnie Belge d'Actualités (CBA) animations studios, a small and short-lived animation studio in Belgium where he met Peyo and André Franquin. 
After a war, the company went bankrupt and Morris worked as an illustrator for "Het Laatste Nieuws", a Flemish newspaper, and "Le Moustique", a weekly magazine published by Dupuis, for which he made some 250 covers and numerous other illustrations, mainly caricatures of movie stars.

He died in 2001 by an accidental fall.


Palos Verdes blue

The Palos Verdes blue butterfly is a small endangered butterfly that can be seen near the Palos Verdes Peninsula in southwest Los Angeles County, California. So far, it can only be seen here and might be one of the rarest butterflies in the world.

This butterfly has a wingspan of only 25–30 mm. The male has a bright silvery-blue dorsal wing outlined in a narrow line of black, while the female’s dorsal wing is a more brownish-gray color. Both males and females have gray ventral wings with dark spots surrounded by white rings.

"G. lygdamus palosverdesensis" was listed as an endangered species by the Fish and Wildlife Service on July 2, 1980. Insects are not currently protected by California law.

The main threat to the Palos Verdes blue has been the destruction of their living space by weeds, which has negative effects on the larval foodplants needed.

Wingspan

The wingspan of an airplane or a bird is the distance from the tip of one wing to the tip of the other. The wingspan of an aircraft is always measured in a straight line, from wingtip to wingtip, independently of wing shape or sweep.

To measure the wingspan of a bird, a live or freshly dead specimen is placed flat on its back, the wings are grasped at the wrist joints and ankles, and then the distance is measured between the tips of the longest primary feathers on each wing.

Talent agent

A talent agent, or booking agent, is a person who finds jobs for actors, musicians, models, and other people in different entertainment businesses. Agents make their money by taking a percentage of the money that their client is paid.

Félix Houphouët-Boigny

Félix Houphouët-Boigny (; 18 October 1905 – 7 December 1993) was the first President of Côte d'Ivoire. He was president until he died in 1993.

University of Cambridge

The University of Cambridge (also called Cambridge University) is in Cambridge, England. It is the second-oldest university in all English-speaking countries. It is one of the world's leading places of learning.
The University started as a group of scholars in the city of Cambridge. This may have started in 1209 when scholars left Oxford after a fight with local people. The universities of Oxford and Cambridge are often called "Oxbridge". This is not a different university. It is a way of saying Oxford and Cambridge together. Cambridge University and Oxford University are both crucial to the history of England.

Cambridge is usually ranked in the world's top five universities. UK rankings and tests on the quality of its research also rate it very highly. Cambridge has more than 18,000 students and many sports clubs and societies.

Many important people studied at the University of Cambridge, including scientists, poets, artists, politicians and members of the British Royal Family. 121 former students and staff from Cambridge later won a Nobel Prize.

The official creation of the University was in 1231 when King Henry III of England gave people the right to teach students and lower taxes. A letter from Pope Gregory IX in 1233 also gave the right to everyone who got a degree from Cambridge to teach in any place in the Christian world.

In 1290, Pope Nicholas IV called Cambridge a "studium generale" (name for a university in Medieval times). From that point, many researchers and teachers from other European universities started to come to Cambridge to work or give lessons.

Colleges started as places for students and teachers to live. They were called hostels at first. The students paid money to build and run these hostels. All colleges were formed after the beginning of the University. Over the years, colleges bought all of these hostels back. However, some old names still resist today, such as Garret Hostel Lane which was named after Garret Hostel.

Peterhouse was the first official college to be created in 1284. Many followed over the centuries and today there are 31. The last one, Robinson, was built in the 1970s. Many of these have a chapel because the members should have prayed for the soul of the founders (the people who created the college).

The University was one of the most important places where the Protestant Reformation began. The Protestant Reformation was a movement in Europe where people started disagreeing with certain teachings of the Catholic Church In fact, people started talking about Lutheranism - a type of Protestantism - very early in Cambridge. Thomas Cranmer, who became a central figure in reform, studied at Cambridge.

A century later, some people in Cambridge started to think that the Church of England was still too much like the Catholic church. They started the Puritan movement. This produced more than 20,000 people who left for New England around 1620 in search of a place with better religious beliefs. Oliver Cromwell, a very important member of this movement, was a student at Sidney Sussex College during this time.

Cambridge has been strong in applied mathematics since Isaac Newton was a student here in the 17th century. Every student had to study maths to obtain a degree. The degree was awarded as a "Bachelor of Arts" which mixed both arts and science subjects. Several important early physicists studied at Cambridge. They include James Clerk Maxwell, Lord Kelvin and Lord Rayleigh. Pure mathematics was slower to catch up, but Cambridge is still famous for it thanks to people like G.H. Hardy.

Six maths graduates from Cambridge won Fields Medals and one got an Abel Prize. These are the world's highest awards for mathematicians. Four other researchers at Cambridge also won Fields Medals.

People at the University of Cambridge have made many important scientific discoveries. These are some of the best-known ones:

For many years only men were allowed to study at Cambridge. In 1869 Girton, the first college for women was built. Women could take exams from 1882, but only in 1948 did they start to be considered full members of the university. For a certain time, they even received "ad eundem" degrees (degrees from a University you have not studied at, but you deserve) from the University of Dublin.

Over the years, more women-only colleges were built, until in 1972 Churchill was the first one to become mixed. Many others followed, and in 1988 Magdalene was the last men-only college to open to women. However, there are still some colleges for women only. Cambridge is the only university that still has this characteristic. All other universities in the UK, including Oxford, now have only mixed colleges.

Since it is very old, the University has many legends and traditions. These are often passed on by older students to the younger ones. Tour guides also tell these stories to tourists.

The wooden spoon tradition was to give this type of spoon to the student who was the worst in the year for mathematics but still passed the exams. This was because the students used to be ranked in order of their results. After 1909 this was changed and so the wooden spoon cannot be given anymore. However, still today in many sports competitions a wooden spoon is given to the last person in the rankings.

Many legends exist about places in Cambridge. For example, there is a story about the "Mathematical Bridge" in Queen's College. Newton built it without using any bolts or screws. Some people then took it down to see how it was made. When they tried to put it up again they could not do it, so they had to insert many bolts.

Another tradition is that the King's College choir sings the Nine Lessons and Carols church service. This is recorded by the BBC and sent around the world since 1928 by the radio. From 1954 it can also be seen on television. Many people watch it on Christmas Eve in Great Britain.

The University of Cambridge is a "collegiate" university. This means it is divided into colleges, and every student and teacher joins one college only. Every one of these colleges has its property and money. They all have many Fellows who can teach all the subjects between them. Then there are Departments and Faculties, which are buildings where only one subject is studied. Some Schools bring different Departments and Faculties together. The overall head of the University is called the Vice-Chancellor. They are heads of the Senate and Regent House which make decisions for the whole University.

There are 31 colleges in Cambridge:



<nowiki>*</nowiki>Only for women

†Only for Postgraduate students

‡Only for students older than 21

There are also 3 smaller affiliated colleges: Westcott House, Westminster College and Ridley Hall. These are not part of Cambridge University, but students there can follow the University's lessons. They are only for theology, the study of religion. These three colleges together form the "Cambridge Theological Federation".

The teaching is done through lectures and practical classes (where students do experiments in science subjects) organised by the Department. The colleges also organise supervision. These are small lessons in groups of 1 to 4: the students do some homework and then talk about it with a teacher. This is often considered one of the best things about studying at Cambridge. The teaching is very personal; students can ask questions and understand the subject.

There are more than 150 different faculties and departments in Cambridge. These are then grouped into "Schools". These have a supervisory body, a group of people who check that the departments are doing ok. There are six Schools:

The year is divided into three parts. The first one is Michaelmas Term, which is from October to December and takes its name from St Michael's day and Christmas. The second one is Lent Term which goes from January to March. The last one is Easter Term, from April to June. Within these times, there is 8 weeks called "Full Term". Most lessons and exams happen in Full Term. All students need to live in college for this period. There is a University rule which says that students can get their degree only if they have stayed for at least 9 terms (3 years) at a distance of fewer than 10 miles from the main Church in Cambridge.

The head of the University is the Chancellor. As of 2013, he is David Sainsbury. He was elected in 2011 after Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh said he did not want to do it anymore. Prince Philip had been Chancellor for 25 years. The position of Chancellor is mainly ceremonial. That means that the Chancellor does not take part in many decisions. He is just there because an overall head of the University is needed.

The Vice-Chancellor instead is the one that makes most decisions. For example, he/she approves and signs new rules. The role is given to a person for at least five years. The current Vice-Chancellor is Stephen J. Toope.

The Senate House is a building in Cambridge. The degree ceremony takes place there. Any Cambridge student who has an MA degree is a member of the Senate. It is also the place where the important people in the University meet to take decisions. These important people are different Officers and Fellows of the colleges. They are also called the "Regent House". This is not another building, it is just a way of calling these people. They can make and change rules when they meet. News and information are printed and given out in the "Cambridge University Reporter". This is the official newspaper of the university.

The university had £7.1 billion in endowments in 2019. This money was given over lots of time by many people. This is the largest amount of money for any university in Europe. Every college controls its money on its own. They are all considered charitable organisations. The British Government also gives money to research grants: these are for postgraduate students and their teachers. There is also some income produced by Cambridge University Press.

In 2000, Cambridge received a very large donation of US$210 million from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. This was to set up a scholarship so that US and other international students could study in Cambridge more easily. Bill Gates was also made a Knight by the Queen because of his generosity. Between 2005 and 2012, a campaign was made to get £1 billion from old students. This was at the same time as the University's 800th anniversary. The campaign got to the target early in 2010.

The University is spread around the town of Cambridge. The older colleges are on the river Cam. The departments and faculties are spread in different places, usually grouped in sites. There are nine main sites:


Addenbrooke's Hospital is where the medicine students go to learn how to cure patients. The "Judge Business School" is another important building: this is where courses about business and finance are taught. Since the different sites are quite close to each other, many students like to use bicycles to move around. A fifth of the journeys in the town is made by bike. Students are also not allowed to drive a car while they are in Cambridge.

Local people from Cambridge don't always like the students. "Town and Gown" is a phrase to talk about this relationship. "Town" means the Cambridge locals while "Gown" means the students and teachers, from the type of dress they wear. Since the University began, there have been some fights between the two groups. In 1381, many things were stolen from the university and colleges. The Chancellor was then given extra power to control the order in the town. When the plague arrived in Cambridge in 1630, many colleges closed up. They did not want to help the locals who had the disease.

However, more recently there have been fewer fights. The University also means more jobs and money for the population. There are many small industries that were created in Cambridge because the University was near. This effect is called "The Cambridge Phenomenon". Between 1960-2010 there have been 1,500 new companies and 40,000 new jobs in Cambridge just thanks to the University.

The University has 114 libraries. The main one is called "Cambridge University Library". It is a legal deposit, which means every book that is printed in the United Kingdom goes into this library. Many departments have their own library as well. They usually have special books for their subjects only. All colleges have a library. This is mainly for the undergraduates so that they can read basic books about their subjects. Some colleges also have very precious books and manuscripts. For example, the Parker Library (Corpus Christi College) has special books from Medieval times.

The university also has 8 museums and a botanical garden:

One of the main aims of the University of Cambridge is to do scientific research. All the departments are always studying and discovering new things. Many important people have done research in Cambridge. This is because the university has a lot of money and resources like laboratories and books. It had £283.7 M in 2011 to spend on research; this was mainly given by the UK Government and the European Commission.
Students need to pass some tests and Interviews to be allowed in Cambridge. For undergraduates, the application is done through UCAS. This is as with any other university in the UK. Students need to be very good to enter Cambridge. If they study A-levels, they are asked to get at least A*AA. Because many good students apply, the interview is very important to choose the best ones. These are done by Fellows. Usually about 25% of the applicants get a place. However, the number changes depending on the subjects. Some of them, like medicine and economics, are very hard to get into. Students need to choose a college before doing the application. They may later have to change it if the college thinks they are good but does not have enough places for them.

For postgraduates the application is different. They need to ask professors (teachers) in the departments they want to work in. After an interview, they can be given a place. They then have to get some funding (money to do the project). This can be given from a government or another institution.

Some people think that admission to Cambridge is not very fair. This is because it is easier to get in if you go to a private school instead of a state school. In 2007-2008, only 57% of students who got a place were coming from a state school. However, about 93% of British children go to them. If a student goes to a private school, he/she is also more likely to get a place after the interview. In 2011, only 25% of students that applied from state schools got a place, while the percentage was 33% for private school students. The University is trying to make things better by making the admission process easier and giving scholarships for the poorer students. Another problem is that year after year there are also fewer people from state schools applying.

Cambridge does very well when the quality of research is tested. In 2001, it was ranked first in the British Government Assessment Exercise. Cambridge also gives out more PhDs in a year than any other UK university.

The following table has Cambridge results over the years in various College and university rankings.

The colleges also have a ranking between them. This is called the "Tompkins Table". It is published every year by The Independent newspaper. Trinity College and Emmanuel College usually do very well in it.

The University also runs many public examinations. This can be for people who want to take language tests in English for example. Some of the A-level and GCSEs exams are also written and organized here.

The University of Cambridge is a member of

It is also considered part of the "Golden Triangle", a geographical concentration of UK university research.

The "Cambridge University Students' Union" (CUSU) represents all the students within the University. All new students become members when they arrive in Cambridge. It was started in 1964 as the "Students' Representative Council" (SRC). There are six important positions in the Union which are taken by students who take a year off work. These people have meetings with the Vice-Chancellor and other university officers to talk about new rules or how to change them.

Inside the colleges, there are also groups of students who represent all of the others. These are called JCR (Junior Common Room) for undergraduates and MCR (Middle Common Room) for postgraduates. They organize things like "Fresher's Week", the first week in October when new first-year students arrive. They also make sure every student is happy about his life in Cambridge.

Sport has always been very important in Cambridge. Many students try rowing because the Cam river is a good one to play this sport. There are many boat races between the different colleges. These are called "bumps": because the river is too small, boats start one behind the other. To win, a boat needs to hit (or "bump") the one ahead. Every year in London there is also the famous Boat Race between Oxford and Cambridge. Many other sports are played between colleges and universities.

Places to do sports, like gyms and fields, are run by single colleges. A new University-wide sports complex is being built.

Cambridge is also full of societies: these are small groups of people that meet together to do something that they like. These can be speaking a language, playing chess, acting in theatres, or playing a musical instrument. In 2010, there were 751 societies. There can also be smaller clubs in the colleges.

There are three students newspapers, that tell things that happen around the university. "", created in 1947, is the oldest one. "The Cambridge Student" and "The Tab" are newer ones; "The Tab" has funny articles and is less serious. There is also a radio station called "Cam FM". This is run with help from Anglia Ruskin University, which is another university in Cambridge.

"Formal Halls" are special dinners where students and Fellows eat together. Everyone wears a suit and there is good food. There is a prayer in Latin at the beginning and the end. These dinners are a tradition and the idea is that people in the college should get to know each other at them. After the exams, there is "May Week" when students make parties. A "May Ball" happens in every college: it lasts all night and there is lots of music and food.

Many people who later became very famous in their subject studied at Cambridge. 89 people linked with Cambridge have won a Nobel Prize. This includes 29 prizes in physics, 26 in medicine, 21 in chemistry and 9 in economics. People from Cambridge have also done great things in the arts and sports.

Cambridge has a very strong tradition in this field. Students include Isaac Newton, who made lots of experiments at Trinity College. Francis Bacon developed the Scientific method which is the starting point of today's science. G. H. Hardy and Srinivasa Ramanujan did a lot in pure mathematics. James Clerk Maxwell found out more about electromagnetism. In biology, Charles Darwin made his theory about natural selection while Francis Crick and James D. Watson discovered the structure of DNA. Also, David Attenborough, who is now a television presenter, was a science student at Cambridge.

In nuclear physics, the discoveries of Ernest Rutherford, Niels Bohr, J. J. Thomson and James Chadwick made people really understand what is inside an atom: electrons, protons and neutrons. J. Robert Oppenheimer studied here and later went on to develop the atomic bomb. In astronomy, Paul Dirac, Stephen Hawking, John Herschel and Georges Lemaître found out many things about the universe, from the Big Bang to black holes.

Desiderius Erasmus was really important for starting studies about Greek and Latin at the University. In economics, John Maynard Keynes, Thomas Robert Malthus and Milton Friedman all started their theories in Cambridge. Known philosophers are Bertrand Russell, Ludwig Wittgenstein, George Santayana, Karl Popper and Muhammad Iqbal. Many Archbishops of Canterbury also studied at Cambridge, like Rowan Williams. William Wilberforce helped to stop the slave trade. Thomas Cranmer was an Archbishop who was then killed because of his ideas.

In music, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Charles Villiers Stanford, William Sterndale Bennett, Orlando Gibbons and more recently John Rutter all started their education at Cambridge. Some members of the band Radiohead were also here. In the arts, Quentin Blake was an undergraduate here.

Students in this field include Christopher Marlowe, writer of many tragedies; Samuel Pepys, after who the library in Magdalene College is called; William Makepeace Thackeray, famous for his satire; E. M. Forster, a more contemporary author and C. S. Lewis, fantasy writer. Virginia Woolf did not study here but based her books around the colleges. Poets include Edmund Spenser, John Donne, John Milton, John Dryden, Lord Byron and Samuel Taylor Coleridge who started the Romantic movement.

Known actors and directors are Ian McKellen, Derek Jacobi, Michael Redgrave, James Mason, Emma Thompson, Stephen Fry, Hugh Laurie, John Cleese, Eric Idle, Graham Chapman, Tilda Swinton, Thandie Newton, Rachel Weisz, Sacha Baron Cohen, Tom Hiddleston all studied at the university.

More than 50 people who won medals at the Olympic Games had studied in Cambridge, as George Mallory did, who might have been the first to reach the top of mount Everest.

Finally, Cambridge is also strong in politics because it educated:


Due to its long history, the University has been named in many books and works by different authors.




Carpals

Carpals are bones found in the hand. They are also called wrist bones as they are in the wrist. There are eight carpals in each hand. Any easy way to remember the eight bones in order is "Some Lovers Try Positions That They Can't Handle." for Scaphoid, Lunate, Triquetrum, Pisiform, Trapezium, Trapezoid, Capitate, Hamate.

The eight carpals are:

Orient Express

The Orient Express is the name for a passenger train (and its route). Originally it ran from Paris to Istanbul. The final service was an overnight train between Strasbourg and Vienna (it joined with the sleeper from Amsterdam in Karlsruhe). The service ended in 2009.

Sleeping car

The sleeping car or sleeper is a part of a train with beds built in, mostly for making nighttime travel more restful. 


List of police forces in the United Kingdom

This is a list of the Police forces in the United Kingdom.

Police Officer numbers in England and Wales are at their highest ever levels.

In September 2006 police numbers in England were:

In September 2006 police numbers in Wales were:

Most areas of Policing in Scotland are done by the Scottish Government and Scottish Parliament, but some rights remain with the Scottish Office in the UK Government. These areas include national security, terrorism, firearms and drugs.

As of 1 April 2013, Policing in Scotland is the responsibility of the Police Service of Scotland.

In June 2004, police numbers in Scotland were 15,714. By the end of June 2012, police numbers had risen to 17,373. This shows a 10.56% increase in police numbers over this 8 year period.

The Royal Ulster Constabulary was formed in 1922 to police the new Northern Ireland. It was renamed in 2001 following the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 undertaken by the Patten Commission.

In Northern Ireland, police powers have not been transferred to the Northern Ireland Executive as they have been in Scotland, instead they remain with the Northern Ireland Office in the UK Government.


In April 2007 police numbers in Northern Ireland were:

The Police Service of Northern Ireland does not employ Police Community Support Officers.



Robert Christgau

Robert Christgau (born April 18, 1942) is an American music journalist. He has called himself the "Dean of American Rock Critics".


Texas A&amp;M University–Kingsville

Texas A&M University–Kingsville is a public university in Kingsville, Texas, United States. It has about 6,500 students enrolled and it was founded in 1925. It has ties to Texas A&M University.

1932–33 NHL season

The 1932–33 NHL season was the 16th season of the National Hockey League. Nine teams each played 48 games. The New York Rangers beat the Toronto Maple Leafs three games to one for the Stanley Cup. 

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1932–33 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1932–33 (listed with their last team):


1933–34 NHL season

The 1933–34 NHL season was the 17th season of the National Hockey League. Nine teams each played 48 games. The Chicago Black Hawks were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Detroit Red Wings three games to one.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1933–34 (listed with their first team, stars(*) mark start in playoffs):

The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1933–34 (listed with their last team):


Passer rating

Passer rating (known as passing efficiency or pass efficiency in NCAA football) is a measure of how well a quarterback, or any other passer in American and Canadian football, played. Math is used to get the passer rating. To get a good passer rating, a quarterback needs to have a high number of good passes and touchdowns. A quarterback can get a bad passer rating if the quarterback has many interceptions.


Postal codes in the United Kingdom

UK postal codes are known as postcodes.

UK postcodes use letters and numbers. The British Prime Minister's postcode at 10 Downing Street is SW1A 2AA.

These codes were started by the Royal Mail over a 15-year period from 1959 to 1974 – the full list is now available electronically from the Royal Mail as the Postcode Address File. They were made to help electronically sort mail.

Postcodes are now used for many other purposes such as insurance calculations, and as a way to describe United Kingdom places to sat navs.

See also List of postcode areas in the United Kingdom.

Chenab River

The Chenab River (Punjabi/), a mix of two words: 
'Moon(Chan) چن River(aab)) آب', is formed by the confluence of the Chandra and Bhaga rivers at Tandi in the upper Himalayas in the Lahul and Spiti District of Himachal Pradesh, Republic of India. In its upper reaches it is also known as the Chandrabhaga. It is a tributary of the Indus River.

It flows through the Jammu region of Jammu and Kashmir into the plains of the Punjab, forming the boundary between the Rechna and Jech interfluves (Doabs in Persian). It is joined by the Jhelum River at Trimmu تریمو and then by the Ravi River Ahmadpur Siyaal احمدپورسیال. It then merges with the Sutlej River near Uch Sharif to form the Panjnad or the 'Five Rivers', the fifth being the Beas River which joins the Satluj near Ferozepur, India. The Chenab then joins the Indus at Mithankot. The total length of the Chenab is about 960 kilometres. 

The waters of the Chenab are allocated to Pakistan under the terms of the Indus Waters Treaty.

The Baglihar hydropower dam is being built (as of 2006) on the Chenab River in the Doda district. This is about 110 kilometers eastward of the Pakistan border in the Jammu division of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. The dam is one of 9 hydro-electric projects on the Chenab River.


Jhelum River

Jehlum River or Jhelum River (Punjabi: ਜੇਹਲਮ, Punjabi: is the largest and most western of the five rivers of Punjab, and passes through Jhelum District. It is a tributary of the Indus River and has a total length of about 480 miles (774 kilometers).

The river Jhelum rises from a spring at Verinag situated at the foot of the Pir Panjal in the south-eastern part of the valley of Kashmir. It flows through Srinagar and the Wular Lake before entering Pakistan from Kashmir through a deep narrow gorge. The Kishenganga Neelum River, the largest tributary of the Jhelum, joins it near Muzaffarabad, as does the next largest, the Kunhar River of the Kaghan valley. It also connects with Pakistan and Pakistan-administered Kashmir on Kohala Bridge east of Circle Bakote. It is then joined by the Poonch river, and flows into the Mangla reservoir in the Mirpur District. The Jhelum enters the Punjab in the Jhelum District. From there, it flows through the plains of Pakistan's Punjab, forming the boundary between the Chaj and Sindh Sagar Doabs. It ends in a confluence with the Chenab at Trimmu in District Jhang. The Chenab merges with the Sutlej to form the Panjnad River which joins the Indus River at Mithankot.


Ravi River

The Ravi River (), 
(, , is a river that crosses northwestern India and eastern Pakistan. It is one of the five rivers which give Punjab its name. 

It is also one of the major five rivers/tributaries of Indus. 

The Ravi was known as Parushani or Iravati to Indians in Vedic times and Hydraotes to the Ancient Greeks. 

It originates in the Himalayas in the Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh following a north-westerly course. It turns to the south-west, near Dalhousie, and then cuts a gorge in the Dhaola Dhar range entering the Punjab plain near Madhopur. It then flows along the Indo-Pak border for some distance before entering Pakistan and joining the Chenab River. 

The total length of the river is about 720 km. 

The waters of the Ravi river are allocated to India under the Indus Waters Treaty between India and Pakistan and the resulting Indus Basin Project. 

It is also called 'The river of Lahore' since that great city is located on its eastern bank. On its western bank is located the famous town of Shahdara with the tomb of Jahangir and the Tomb of Noor Jahan.

Shingo River

The Shingo River is a tributary of the Suru River (Indus), and flows through the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir.

Women's rights movement in Iran

The Iranian women's movement, also called the "Persian women's movement", involves the Iranian women's social movement for women's rights. The movement emerged after the Iranian Constitutional Revolution. Semi secret associations took place and organized women's rights demonstrations and protests.

It lasted until 1910, when the first Women Journal was published by women, to 1933, when which the last women’s association was dissolved by the Reza Shah’s government. The women’s movement emerged again after the Iranian Revolution (1979). In some villages the parents must show proof of their daughters virginity on the wedding night.


Tricastin nuclear power plant

Tricastin is a nuclear power plant in France. It has 4 reactors, which each generate 915 MW, for a total of 3.6 TW. It is next to the highway, about halfway between Valence-sur-Rhône and Avignon. It is on the River Rhône. It was built form 1974 to 1981; the first reactors started working in 1980. It has been criticized several times, because of incidents:

Polly Pocket

Polly Pocket is a line of small plastic dolls and accessories. The name comes from the fact that many of the first Polly Pocket toys came in pocket-size cases. The Fashion Polly dolls are sold by Mattel.

Polly was first designed by Chris Wiggs in 1983 for his daughter Kate. Using a powder compact, he created a small house for the very small doll. Bluebird Toys of Swindon, England licensed the idea. The first Polly Pocket were sold in stores in 1989. Mattel held a distribution agreement with Bluebird Toys for Polly Pocket items in the early 1990s. In 1998, while production slowed, several companies tried to buy Bluebird Toys. Mattel finally bought the company later that year. 

In 1999, Mattel changed the design of Polly. They created a new series of collectible items. The new Polly doll is larger. It also looks more similar to a real person than the first dolls. That same year, Mattel also started selling Fashion Polly!. This line used the same characters from the new Polly Pocket (Polly, Lea, Shani, Lila, etc.) but they were 3 ¾ inch (9.5 cm) plastic jointed dolls. Instead of the normal cloth clothing, Polly Pockets used "Polly Stretch" clothing. These were rubbery plastic clothes that could be put on the dolls and removed. They also created boy dolls.


Juliet Burke

Juliet Burke (née Carlson) is a fictional character from the ABC drama television series "Lost". She is played by the actress Elizabeth Mitchell. Created by J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof, the character was introduced in the third season's premiere.

Juliet is a fertility doctor. She arrived on the Island in order to help pregnant women, as all of them die before giving birth to their child.

Shyok River

The Shyok River is a river flowing through Disputed Area Ladakh and the Northern Areas of Pakistan (Ghanche District). Shyok river (a tributary of the Indus) originates from the Rimo glacier, one of the tongues of Siachen Glacier and becomes very wide at the confluence with the Nubra River (a tributary of Shyok, originating from Siachen Glacier).

The alignment of the Shyok river is very unusual, originating from the Rimo glacier it flows in a SE direction and at joining the Pangong range it takes a NW turn and flows parallel to its previous path. The Shyok flowing in a wide valley suddenly enters a narrow gorge after Chalunka and then joins the Indus at Skardu (Pakistan). The Nubra river originating from the Siachen glacier also behaves like the Shyok, before Tirit the SE flowing river takes a NW turn on meeting the river Shyok. The similarity in the courses of these two important rivers probably indicates a series of palaeo fault lines trending NW-SE in delimiting the upper courses of the rivers. The importance of the Indus River and the Shyok rivers is in the deposition of a huge thickness of Quaternary sediments a treasure trove for geology researchers.


Suru River (Indus)

The Suru River is a river in Jammu and Kashmir that forms the western and northern boundary of the Zanskar Range, it takes birth from the waters of Nunkun peak in its skirts flows to the north of Kargil and empties into the Indus River.

Tawi River

Tawi is a river that flows through the city of Jammu, Kashmir. 

Tawi river is a major left bank tributary of the Chenab River. The river starts at the Kali Kundi glacier and adjoining area south-west of Bhadarwah in Doda District. The Tawi river catchment is between latitude 320 35' -330 5' N and longitude 740 35' - 750 45' E. The catchment area of the river is up to the Indo-Pak cease-fire border (Jammu) is 2168 km², and falls within the districts of Jammu, Udhampur and a small part of Doda. The height in the catchment varies between 400–4000 m and total length of the river is about 141 km. The river in general flows through steep hills on either side excepting the lower reach for about 35 km. The width of the river at Jammu is about 300 m at the bridge site.

Zanskar Gorge

The Zanskar Gorge is found in the Zanskar region of Jammu and Kashmir. Its walls are near vertical cliffs up to 600m high. The Zanskar River (a tributary of the Indus River) is only 5m wide in places. It provides an access route to the Zanskar Valley, but only in winter when the river is frozen.

Gilgit River

The Gilgit River () is a tributary of the Indus River, and flows past the town of Gilgit. It is in the Northern Areas of disputed Kashmir, Pakistan.



Gomal River

Gomal River () is a river in Afghanistan and Pakistan, with its headwaters in the south-east of Ghazni.

Within Pakistan, the Gomal river surrounds South Waziristan agency, forms the boundary between Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan. From South Waziristan, the river enters the Gomal Valley in Tank District at a place known as Girdavi, Murtuza which is inhabited by the Miani tribe. It is mainly here that the water of Gomal is used to cultivate the lands in Gomal Valley through Zam system (Rod Kohi). The river passes then through the Damaan plain in Kulachi Tehsil and later on through Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil, It then joins the Indus River 20 miles south of Dera Ismail Khan

The Kundar River is located in Balochistan, Pakistan. The meltwater from the Sulaiman Mountains forms the Kundar River and it flows through Balochistan and drains into the Gomal River. The two principal drainage channels of the Zhob District are the Zhob River and the Kundar River, both flow into the Gomal River. The general direction of the rivers is from Southwest to northeast. The Zhob River rises at Tsari Mehtarazai pass, the watershed a distance of about 400 kilometers. The broad plain of the Zhob River is occupied by the alluvial formation. The Kundar River rises from the central and highest point of the TobaKakar range, a few kilometers northeast of the Sakir. It constitutes boundary between Pakistan and Afghanistan territory for a considerable length. The other subsidiary rivers or streams are the Baskan, Chukhan, Sri Toi, Sawar, Surab, etc.

The Zhob River () is located in Balochistan, Pakistan. The meltwater from the Sulaiman Mountains forms the Zhob River which flows through Balochistan and drains into the Gomal River near Khajuri Kachadd. Zhob city is located on banks of Zhob river.


Hub River

Hub River () is a river found in Lasbela, Balochistan, Pakistan. 

It forms the provincial boundary between Sindh and Balochistan, west of Karachi. 

Hub Dam is a large water storage reservoir constructed in 1981 on the Hub River in the arid plains north of Karachi. The reservoir supplies water for irrigation in the Lasbella district of Balochistan and drinking water for the city of Karachi. The dam is an important staging and wintering area for an appreciable number of waterbirds and contains a variety of fish species which increase in abundance during periods of high water. 

The Mahseer ("Tor putitora"), an indigenous riverine fish found in the Hub River, grows up to 2m in length and is fished.

The Hub dam was declared a wetland of importance in 2001.


Hingol River

Hungol River or Hingol River () is in Makran, Balochistan, Pakistan.

The river is 350 miles long and is the longest in Balochistan. It winds through the Hungol valley between high cliffs. 

The river flows all year long, unlike most other streams in Balochistan which only flow during rare rains. 

The Hungol river and valley are in Hingol National Park.


Kundar River

Kundar River is in Balochistan, Pakistan. 


Kunhar River

Kunhar River () is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. A main source of the river is Lulusar lake, nearly 48 km from Naran Valley. Glaciers of Malka Parbat and Makra Peak and the waters of Saiful Muluk lake feed the river. The Kunhar flows through the entire Kaghan Valley through Jalkhand, Naran, Kaghan, Jared, Paras and Balakot, and joins the Jhelum River.

The Kunhar river trout is considered to be the best throughout the Indian subcontinent.


Kurrum River

The Kurrum River or Karam River () flows in the Kurrum Valley, stretching across the Afghan-Pakistani border west to east (crosses from the Paktia Province of Afghanistan into the Kohat border region of Pakistan) at , about 150 km west-to-south-west of the Khyber Pass.

The Tochi river (), sometimes referred to as the Gambila River (), is in North Waziristan, Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan. The source of the river are the hills six miles south of the Sufed Koh River, the source of the Kurrum River, which it runs parallel to and finally joins. Tochi river flows eastward, in North Waziristan, to join the Kurrum River and the Indus. It is an important river for the inhabitants of the Dawar valley, as it serves to irrigate a large area of land that it runs through. Particularly that belonging to the Bakkakhel Wazirs, and Miri and Bannuchis. The river surrounds Waziristan in the North while the Gomal River river surrounds South Waziristan.


Lyari River

Lyari River () is a small stream in Karachi, Pakistan. It flows from northeast to the center. It drains into the Arabian Sea at the Monora channel. It is one of the two rivers of Karachi, the other one being the Malir River. The river is about 50 kilometres (30 miles) long. As a seasonal river it carries the collected water after the rains in the catchment area.

Malir River

The Malir River () is in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It flows through the city of Karachi from north east to the centre before flowing into the Arabian Sea. Two smaller rivers flow into the Malir, the Thadho and the Sukhan.
The Malir river is one of two rivers flowing through Karachi, the other is the Lyari River. 

In the rainy season the Malir river gets a lot of water and millions of liters of water flows with it into the Arabian Sea.


Panjkora River

The Panjkora River rises rises high in the Hindu Kush at lat. 35.45 and joins the Swat River near Chakdara, Malakand, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Its name is derived from the Persian for 'panj' (meaning 'five') and 'kora' (meaning 'river').

Wisent

The wisent (or the European bison, "Bison bonasus") is a bison species and the heaviest surviving animal in Europe. It is a close relative of the American bison.

Longer legged and less heavily built than its American cousin, the wisent may reach a height of 54 to 60 in. (137–152 cm) at the shoulder, and a weight of more than 1 ton (900 kg). It has brown hair and short upcurved horns. Its hump is less prominent than that of the American bison and its coat less shaggy.

In the wild the wisent is a forest animal; it browses on leaves, ferns, and bark. Females give birth after a gestation period of 9 to 10 months, usually to a single calf. Abundant in Europe in prehistoric times, wisents remained numerous until the early Christian era.

The Wisent has been hunted for their meat and removed from their habitats by farmers. Thus by the 11th century only a few hundred were left alive. By 1927 less than 50 remained. Since the formation of an international protective society in 1932, their numbers have been growing, but they are no longer found outside zoos or reserves.

Panjnad River

Panjnad River is a river in Punjab, Pakistan. Panjnad River is formed by merging of the five rivers of Punjab, namely Jhelum, Chenab, Ravi, Beas and Sutlej. Jhelum and Ravi join Chenab, Beas joins Sutlej, and then Sutlej and Chenab join to form Panjnad near Uch Sharif. The combined stream runs southwest for about 45 miles and joins the Indus River at Mithankot. The Indus continues into the Arabian Sea. A dam on Panjnad has been built; it provides irrigation channels for Punjab and Sind provinces south of the Sutlej and east of the Indus rivers.

Beyond the meeting of Indus and Panjnad rivers, the Indus river was known as Satnad (Sat = seven) carrying the waters of seven rivers including Indus river, which is believed to be in earlier times the Saraswati River/Ghaggar-Hakra River river which eventually dried and became a seasonal river due to seismic shifts in the glacial region of Himachal Pradesh.



Sutlej

The Sutlej River (sometimes spelled Satluj River) is a branch of the Indus River. It is the longest of the five major rivers that flow through the region of Punjab in northern India and Pakistan. It is north of the Vindhya Range, south of the Hindu Kush, and east of the Central Makran range in Pakistan.

It is the easternmost branch of the Indus River. The source of the river is at Lake Rakshastal in Tibet, near Mount Kailas. It flows generally west and southwest through the region of Punjab. The region to its south and east is dry, and is known as the Thar Desert.

In Punjabi, the river's name is written . In Sanskrit, it is → . In Urdu, it is written , and .

In the "Mahabharata", the river is named the Satadree. It is also known as the Red River. 

The Beas River () is the second easternmost of the rivers of the Punjab region. The river rises in the Himalayas in central Himachal Pradesh, India, and flows for some 290 miles (470 km) to the Sutlej River in the west of the Indian Punjab state.

The waters of the Beas and Sutlej rivers as well as of the Ravi River are allocated to India under the Indus Waters Treaty between India and Pakistan.

Zhob River

Zhob River () is in Balochistan, Pakistan. The meltwater from the Sulaiman Mountains forms Zhob River. The river flows through Balochistan and drains into the Gomal River near Khajuri Kachadd. Zhob city is on the banks of Zhob river.

Hunza River

Hunza River () is the main river in Hunza, in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is formed by the confluence (joining) of the Khunjerab River, Gujerab River, Misgar River, Chapursan River and Shimshal River. These rivers are fed by glaciers. 

After flowing to south to Nagar it turns to west. From Chalit it again takes a turn to the south. Flowing through Nomal Valley, it reaches Gilgit city and empties out into Gilgit River. It joins the Gilgit River with the Naltar River. Later it flows into the Indus River.



Kabul River

Kabul River, or Kabal River (), is a river that rises in the Sanglakh Range in Afghanistan, separated from the watershed of the Helmand by the Unai Pass. It is the main river in the eastern part of Afghanistan. It flows 700 km before joining the Indus River near Attock. It passes through the cities of Kabul, Chaharbagh, Jalalabad, and (flowing into Pakistan some 30 km north of the Khyber Pass) Nowshera. The major tributaries of the Kabul River are the Logar, Panjshir, Kunar and Alingar and Bara rivers.

The Kabul river itself is little more than a trickle for most of the year, but swells in summer due to melting snows. Its largest tributary is the Kunar River, which starts out as the Mastuj River, flowing from the Chiantar glacier in Chitral, Pakistan and once it flows south into Afghanistan it is met by the Bashgal river flowing from Nurestan. The Kunar meets the Kabul near Jalalabad. In spite of the Kunar carrying more water than the Kabul, the river continues as the Kabul River after this confluence, mainly for the political and historical significance of the name.
It is also called Sardryab near Distt: Charsadda where it provides a fine avenue for recreation and refreshment. Sardryab is famous for its fishing annd having a worthy fish economy.



Kunar River

The Kunar River (Kunar Rud) is about 480 km long. It is in eastern Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan. The Kunar river system is fed from melting glaciers and snow of the Hindu Kush mountains. The Lutkho River joins the Mastuj River just north of the important regional centre of Chitral in Pakistan and is then called the Chitral River, before flowing south into the upper Kunar Valley in Afghanistan, where it is referred to as the Kunar River.

The Kunar River empties into the Kabul River just to the east of the city of Jalalabad in Afghanistan. The combined rivers then flow eastwards into Pakistan. Then it becomes known as the Chitral River, joining the Indus River at the city of Attock.

The Peche River is in Afghanistan. The Peche river system is fed from glaciers and snow. It includes the Kunar River, which rises in Nuristan province of Afghanistan, and the main Kunar River, which rises in the eastern Pamir Mountains before flowing through Chitral in Pakistan into the upper Kunar Valley in Afghanistan.


Rupal River

The Rupal River is an east-west glacial stream rising from the meltwater of the Rupal Glacier in northern Pakistan. The stream flows through the Rupal Valley, south of Nanga Parbat, before turning northeast to the village of Tarashing. The Rupal drains into the Astore River, which eventually reaches the Indus River near Jaglot.

Soan River

The Soan River () is a river in Punjab, Pakistan. It is the most important stream of the Pothohar region, draining much of the water of the Pothohar (Pothwar) Plateau. It also forms the northern border of Bannu District. The Soan River flows through many cities like Rawalpindi, Attock, and Jehlum.

The river starts near a small village in the foothills of Patriata and Murree. Its origin is the southwestern range of Murree Hills. It provides water to Simblee Dam, which is a reservoir of water for Islamabad. Near Pharwala Fort it cuts through a high mountain range. The place is called Swan Cut, also known as the Soan Cut. No stream can cut such a high mountain. It proves the Swaan was there before the formation of this range. And when the mountain rose through millions of years, the stream continued its path by cutting the rising mountain. Ling Stream, following a relatively long course though Lehtrar and Kahuta falls in the Swaan near Sihala. The Soan (also known as Swan or Swaan) also flows through the Pothwar (or Pothohar) Plateau, situated to the south of Islamabad, between the two rivers of Indus and Jehlum.

Islamabad Highway crosses this stream near Sihala where famous bridge Cock Pull is constructed over it. Another famous, Lai stream joins this stream near Swaan Camp. After flowing a long path and creating a big curve, the stream reaches Kalabagh where it falls into the Indus River. Finally, the Indus River flows into the Arabian Sea. This relatively small stream is more than 250 kilometers long. Due to its mountainous course and shallow bed, it is hardly used for irrigation purposes. Fishing is not possible in this stream as a profession. Rohu is the main species of fish in this stream. Kingfisher birds hunt here too.

The Fox and the Hound 2

The Fox and the Hound 3 is a 2009 American animated direct-to-video movie. It was produced by DisneyToon Studios. It is a sequel to the 1981 and 2006 Disney animated movie "The Fox and the Hound 2". The movie was directed by Jim Kammerud. It was released on December 12, 2009. The story of the movie takes place during the childhood of Tod and Copper. In this movie, Amos is moving to a nearby far town, and Tod Wants to look for his father without any difficulties. Copper Leader tries to stop a sneaky family from stealing a wealthy mansion belonging to a pair of Lyle Snodgrass’s workers. The movie features the voices of Reba McEntire and Patrick Swayze. The movie had an official soundtrack album released on November 21, 2009.

The movie opens with Tod and Copper chasing a cricket together. They see a line of trucks bringing the county fair to town. Copper is mesmerized by the sound of dogs singing together in an old school bus with "The Singin' Strays" painted on the side. The pair are eager to go see the fair, but when Copper's clumsy tracking skills disappoint his master Amos Slade yet again, the pup is tied up in the yard while Slade and Chief go to the fair without him. Tod arrives and pulls Copper's collar off. The two friends head to the fair.

Tod and Copper get to meet The Singin' Strays. The band has five members: Dixie, Cash, Granny Rose, and twin brothers Waylon and Floyd. It is important that they perform well because a talent scout from the Grand Ole Opry will be at the fair. Cash and Dixie get into an argument. Dixie walks off before their performance, forcing them to go on stage without her. During the show, Copper sings along. Cash invites Copper up on stage to sing with them. The musical number is a success. Cash invites Copper to join the band. Copper joins the band after Tod lies that Copper is a stray. Copper spends the entire day with Cash, forgetting his promise to watch fireworks with Tod.

Dixie finds Tod and sympathizes with his feelings of abandonment. During their conversation, Tod tells Dixie that Copper is not a stray. Dixie then hatches a plan to get Copper kicked out of the band. Tod sneaks into Chief's barrel, luring him and Slade to the fair in a wild chase. The chase leads to widespread mayhem in the fair. The Singin' Strays' performance is sabotaged right in front of the talent scout Mr. Bickerstaff. Copper is fired from the band and returns home with Slade. Granny Rose and the rest of the members of Cash's band feel quite sorry for Copper about this. This causes the band to break up. Tod tries to apologize to Copper, but Copper is angry at the fox for ruining everything. Tod is brought home by his owner, Widow Tweed. Along the way, Tweed narrowly misses being hit by the talent scout's car. Bickerstaff's hat flies off and lands on Tod.

The following day, Tod and Copper admit their mistakes and are friends again. Hoping to make up for his doings, Tod gives Bickerstaff's hat to Copper. Copper uses it to track down the talent scout at a local diner. Tod tricks Cash and Dixie into thinking the other is in trouble. The entire band end up meeting up at the diner. Copper convinces the band the importance of harmony. The Singin' Strays howl their song "We're in Harmony", attracting the attention of the talent scout and reuniting the band. Impressed with the band, he arranges for the dogs to perform at the Grand Ole Opry. The movie ends with Copper choosing to leave the band and play with Tod again.


Additional voices were provided by Grey DeLisle and April Winchell. Asterisks mark voices listed in the "Additional Voices".

Kevin Carr of 7M Pictures gave the movie two stars out of five. He said that "“The Fox and the Hound 2” is never going to live down as a classic, but it isn’t terrible. It falls somewhere in the middle of the Disney DVD sequel spectrum."

John J. Puccio of Movie Metropolis gave the movie 4/10. He said that "Like most sequels, it's a pale imitation of the original."

On the website Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has a 20% "rotten" rating and an average rating of 4.60/10 based on 10 reviews.

The Fox and the Hound 2 Soundtrack Album is the soundtrack album to the movie. It has songs from Reba McEntire, who was the voice of Dixie in the movie. It also has songs from other well-known artists. They include Trisha Yearwood, Chip Davis, and Little Big Town. Composer Joel McNeely has a few score tracks on the album: "Depressed Dixie", "Sad Puppy Blues", "Nashville 7", and "Sticky Hound Puppy". "The Fox and the Hound 2 Soundtrack Album" features a combination of country and bluegrass writers. Performers were found in Nashville by Disney according to the music supervisor Kimberly Oliver, and Matt Walker Senior VP, DisneyToon Studios. Background music score composer Joel McNeely composed bluegrass music for setting the moods of scenes. They were performed by many famous bluegrass performers.


Direct-to-video

A movie that is released direct-to-video (also known as made-for-video, straight-to-video, more recently, straight-to-DVD) is one which has been released to the public on home video formats (historically VHS) before or without being released in movie theaters or broadcast on television. The term is also at times used as an insulting term for sequels of movies that are not expected to have financial success.

Direct-to-video releases can occur for several reasons. Often a production studio will develop a TV show or movie which is not generally released for several possible reasons: poor quality, lack of support from a TV network, controversial nature, or a simple lack of general public interest. Studios, limited in the annual number of movies they grant cinematic releases to, may choose to pull the completed movie from the theaters, or never exhibit it in theaters at all. Studios then recover some of their losses through video sales and rentals.

In the case of a TV show, low ratings may cause a studio to cancel the show, possibly after having filmed an entire season and aired some episodes. If the show has a considerable fanbase, the studio may release unaired episodes on video to recover losses. "" and "Firefly" are examples of cancelled shows which were successful cult hits on DVD. Occasionally outstanding DVD sales may revive a cancelled show, as in the case of "Family Guy".Originally cancelled in 2004,the series was revived in 2005 due partly to its excellent DVD sales.

Direct-to-video releases have historically carried a stigma of lower technical or artistic quality. Some studio movies released direct-to-video are movies which have been completed but were never released. This delay often occurs when a studio doubts a movie's commercial prospects would justify a full cinema release, or because its "release window" has closed. A release window refers to a timely trend or personality, and missing that window of opportunity means a movie, possibly rushed into production, failed to release before the trend faded. In movie industry slang such movies are referred to as having been "vaulted."

There is a positive side to direct-to-video releases. They have become something of a lifeline for independent filmmakers and smaller companies.

Direct-to-video releases can be done for movies which cannot be shown theatrically due to controversial content, or because the cost involved in a theatrical release is beyond the releasing company. Almost all pornographic movies are released direct-to-video.

Animated sequels and movie-length episodes of animated series are also often released in this fashion. The Walt Disney Company began making sequels of most of its animated movies for video release beginning with "The Return of Jafar" (the sequel to "Aladdin") in 1994. Universal Studios also began their long line of "The Land Before Time" sequels that same year. In 2005, Fox released "" for DVD and Universal Media Disc.

Once in a while, a studio that makes a movie that was prepared as a direct-to-video movie releases it theatrically at the last minute due to the success of another movie with a similar subject matter or an ultimate studio decision. "Doug's 1st Movie" is an example of this, quickly changed from a DTV to a theatrical release due to the surprise success of "The Rugrats Movie".

Television spin-offs are animated or live action television series or made for TV movies which contain either characters or theme elements from an older series or movie (Clerks: The Animated Series, Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventures). While the most common examples of a television spin off are animated series there are also live action examples (Robocop: Prime Directive)

Some "SpongeBob SquarePants" DVD volumes contain episodes not yet aired in the United States. Certain special episodes of Pokémon were released directly on video such as Pikachu’s Winter Vacation. Some Disney Channel shows, such as "That's So Raven", "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody", "Phil of the Future", and "" have also had direct-to-video episodes.

As the DVD format replaced the videocassette, companies have released movies in DVD format rather than VHS, causing the term "direct-to-DVD" to replace "direct-to-video" in some instances. However, the word "video" does not necessarily refer to VHS cassettes. The new term used is DVDP ("DVD Premiere"). Such movies can cost as much as $20 million (about a third of the average cost of a Hollywood release) and feature actors like Jean-Claude Van Damme and Steven Seagal. Salaries for such actors range from $2 to $4 million (Van Damme) to $4.5 to $10 million (Seagal). According to "Variety", "" sold a million copies in one week, despite retaining only two actors from the original trilogy.

DVD Premieres have become a substantial source of revenue for movie studios. Studios realized that DVDP movies can be shot on a smaller budget, allowing studios larger profits with the combined revenues of home video sales and rentals, in addition to licensing movies for television and for distribution abroad (where some DVDP movies do see theatrical releases).

Distributing DVDPs is not only for larger Hollywood studios. Several companies, such as The Asylum, MTI Home Video, and York Entertainment distribute DVDPs almost exclusively. The budgets for movies distributed by these companies are smaller than those of ones distributed by a larger studio, but these companies are still able to profit off their sales.

In Japan, the direct-to-video movement carries different connotations, being a niche product rather than a fallback medium. Despite having lower budgets than features intended for theater release, Japanese direct-to-video productions are rarely marred by the poor storyline and lower quality production often associated with the DTV market in the US. So-called V-Cinema has more respect from the public, and affection from movie directors for the greater creative freedoms the medium allows. DTV releases are subject to fewer restrictions.

In the case of anime, this is called Original Video Animation (OVA or OAV), and their production values usually fall between those of television series and movies. They are often used to tell stories too short to fill a full TV season, and were common in the early 1990s. Sometimes OVAs get enough interest to justify commissioning a full television series, like "Tenchi Muyo!", "One Piece", and "El Hazard".

With the advent of the 13-episode season format, OVAs are less common now. The majority of OVAs released are usually continuations or reworkings of recently completed TV series. For instance, the DVD release of a TV series might include a bonus episode that was never broadcast, as a sales hook.


A Perfect Circle

A Perfect Circle, often called APC by fans, is an alternative rock band. It was put together by guitarist Billy Howerdel and Tool lead singer Maynard James Keenan.

The band is made of Jeordie White - the bass player for Marilyn Manson, James Iha - who played guitar for The Smashing Pumpkins, and Josh Freese, who used to go on tour and play drums with Nine Inch Nails.

The band members still keep busy with other projects. On September 17, 2009, Keenan confirmed that new material from A Perfect Circle was on the way during a live radio interview with BJ Shea on Seattle rock station KISW. That album was released in 2018 by the title "Eat the elephant" and can be found on spotify.

The band's biggest hits have been "Judith", "Weak and Powerless", and "The Outsider". They have released the albums "Mer De Noms", "Thirteenth Step", and "Emotive".
As of 2022 the band is still touring, the next performance is on the 23rd of June 2022 at the Gothic theatre in Englewood.

UNetbootin

UNetbootin (Universal Netboot Installer) is a cross-platform utility that can create Linux Live USB drives and can load a variety of system utilities or install various Linux distributions and other operating systems without a CD.

UNetbootin is an open-source software project. It has 130,000+ weekly downloads.

For Windows, Mac OS X and Linux systems, UNetbootin may make it possible to do without the hard drive.

UNetbootin is part of many official software package repositories, including Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, OpenSUSE, Gentoo Linux, and others.




101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure

101 Dalmatians 2: Patch's London Adventure is a 2002 direct-to-video sequel to the Disney animated movie "One Hundred and One Dalmatians", which is voiced by Martin Short, Jason Alexander, and Barry Bostwick. It was released on November 10, 2002 and won awards for best animated feature, best director, best editing, and best musical score. Disney re-released the movie on September 16, 2008.

The movie tells the story of Patch, the loneliest dalmatian, who felt "lost in a sea of the spots" until he met his TV hero Thunderbolt. Unlike many of the Disney direct-to-video sequels that just retell the original movie's story, "101 Dalmatians 2: Patch's London Adventure" takes characters from the original movie in some new directions.

The family of Roger, Anita, and the dalmatians plan to move to Dalmatian Plantation, a home in the country with plenty of room for the 101 pups and far from the clutches of Cruella de Vil, located at Cherry Tree Farm, Little Devon. One of the dalmatians, Patch, feels lost in a sea of spots and wants to be a one-of-a-kind wonder dog like his TV hero, Thunderbolt. While watching the Thunderbolt Adventure Hour, Patch hears about a chance to appear on the show while it's filming in London. However, the family move will cause a problem for Patch's opportunity. However, he is accidentally left behind in the commotion. Patch heads for the audition to meet his hero and find out if he one of a kind, or just one of 101.

Meanwhile, Thunderbolt's "trusty" sidekick, Lil' Lightning, tells Thunderbolt the producers want to replace him with a younger dog. In order to save his job, Thunderbolt decides he will go into the real world and perform an act of true heroism to prove himself. A relible reference book to Thunderbolt's many adventures, Patch provides the perfect guide for the TV star in his attempts at real-life heroics. As for Cruella - she's back and more obsessed with Dalmatians than ever. At first, an artist named Lars can calm her down, but he cannot make the perfect spot painting, so she locks him up and returns to her old ways. Lil 'lightning tells Thunderbolt and Patch that Thunderbolt was not going to be replaced but it is just a trick to make him quit once and for all and make Lightning the star. Patch becomes heartbroken when he finds out that his favorite wonderdog just a TV actor.


Additional voices were provided by Kathryn Beaumont, Bob Bergen, Ursula Brooks, Corey Burton, Jim Cummings, Aria Curzon, Debi Derryberry, Bill Farmer, Mary Gibbs, Sophie Heyman, Nikita Hopkins, Daamen Krall, Phil LaMarr, Joe Lavery, Peter Lavin, Eli Russell Linnetz, Nicolette Little, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Mickie McGowan, Nick Meaney, Sean Michael, Laraine Newman, Ryan O'Donohue, Cornelia O'Herlihy, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, Rob Paulsen, Bob Peterson, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Clive Revill, Kevin Michael Richardson, MacKenzie Sells, Kath Soucie, Aaron Spann, Andrew Stanton, André Stojka, Tara Strong, Steve Susskind, Clive Swift, Ben Tibber, Brian Tochi and Frank Welker.

Note: The only direct-to-video movie which has opening credits.

Opening credits

Ending credits








Studio Fuga

provided by
Character Builders, Inc.
Jade Animation Production

Yowza Animation


T2 Studio



See the Cast paragraph for more info about the additional voices.


"I See Spots"

"Dalmatian Plantation"

"Thunderbolt Adventure Hour"

"Kanine Krunchies Kommercial"

"Cruella De Vil"

"Try Again"
Will Young appears courtesy of 19 Recordings Limited under exclusive license to Ronagold Limited. Ronagold Limited exclusively licensed to BMG UK & Ireland Limited.

"One Of A Kind"
Apollo 440 appears courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment (UK) Ltd.


This film would not have been possible without the inspiration from the original motion picture and the work of its talented artists and animators.

Approved No. 38958 by MPAA - Motion Picture Association of America

This picture made under the jurisdiction of IATSE, affiliated with A.F.L.-C.I.O.-C.L.C.

Dolby Digital in selected theatres

Copyright (c)2002 Disney Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.

This motion picture was made by Walt Disney Pictures and Television for purposes of copyright law in the United Kingdom.



Live USB system creator

The Live USB system creator is to tool designed to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from a running Ubuntu Live CD



Fedora Live USB creator

The Fedora Live USB creator is an official tool designed to create Live USBs of Fedora.



University of Texas at Arlington

The University of Texas at Arlington is a public university in Arlington, Texas. About 25,000 students are enrolled (currently taking classes). It was founded in 1895.


Old Persian language

The Old Persian language is one of two Old Iranian languages. The other is Avestan). Old Persian was used during the Achaemenid era (c. 600 BC to 300 BC). Examples of Old Persian have been found in Iran, Iraq, Turkey and Egypt.

Old Persian is an Old Iranian language, a member of the Southwestern Iranian language group. As an Iranian language, Old Persian is a member of the Indo-Iranian branch of the Indo-European language family.

Old Persian subsequently developed into Middle Persian, which is in turn the nominal ancestor of New Persian.

The following phonemes are expressed in the Old Persian script:

Vowels

Consonants
Old Persian stems:

Adjectives are declinable in similar way.

Voices<br>
Active, Middle (them. pres. -aiy-, -ataiy-), Passive (-ya-).

In Old Persian were used mostly the forms of first and third persons. Only Dual form used was "ajīvatam" 'both lived'.




8 Eyes

8 Eyes is a 1988 video game created by Thinking Rabbit for the Nintendo Entertainment System. The game has eight levels in it, and can be played by one or two players. In the game, a soundtrack, composed by Kenzou Kumei, had three songs for each of the eight levels, each set in a different part of the world. It has almost the same gameplay and graphics to "Castlevania". The name of the main character of the game is Orin, and he looks like Simon Belmont from the Castlevania games.

Palos Verdes

Palos Verdes is often used to refer to a group of coastal cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula in the Los Angeles/South Bay area of California.

Palos Verdes Estates, Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills, and Rolling Hills Estates are the larger cities in the area.

The peninsula was originally inhabited by Native Americans belonging to the Tongva (sometimes referred to as "Gabrielino") tribe, and first described in 1542 by Portuguese explorer Juan Cabrillo. 

The Palos Verdes Peninsula Unified School District has one of the highest rated API scores in California 
, and has one of the highest average SAT scores and one of the highest percentage of students successfully completing the advanced placement exams in the county. 

Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean films were partly photographed on and off the coast of Palos Verdes Peninsula. A tent city for production was constructed in the Redondo Beach Marina. The Black Pearl and several production vessels were seen on the waters daily as were helicopters filming for overhead shots. 

The name "Palos Verdes" is Spanish for "green sticks".



P.U.N.K.S.

P.U.N.K.S. is a 1999 movie. It stars Jessica Alba, Randy Quaid, and Henry Winkler.

Troy

Troy was a city in north-west Asia Minor. It was the center of the Trojan War, as told in eight long epic poems, six from the Epic Cycle, and two written by Homer, the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey".

Today it is the name of an archaeological site, the location of Homeric Troy, in Hisarlik in Anatolia, close to the seacoast in what is now Çanakkale province in northwest Turkey, southwest of the Dardanelles.

UNESCO has listed the archaeological site of Troy as a World Heritage Site.

Troy as seen in Homer's account is probably true in part. However, it is wrong to think his account is historically exact. With that warning, this is a summary of events leading up to the Trojan war, mostly derived from the Iliad. 

Troy was a powerful kingdom in the Mediterranean sea, and thrived under the long rule of King Priam. His many sons, including the valiant, strong, unbeatable Hector, and Paris, a creative character who was not a strong fighter but a passionate man, are the best known in the Troy myth. 

In Greece lay a Kingdom called Mycene, owned by Mycenaean or Mykene people, ruled by King Agamemnon. He started a campaign to pressure the Greece cities or kingdoms and to join him and attack Troy, to capture its many riches. The King of Ithaca, Odysseus (or "Ulysses", as he was also known), along with King Idomenous of Crete, with up to 22 more Kingdoms and Kings, spent ten years attacking Troy. Eventually, Troy fell after a coup that Odysseus had thought up, using a wooden trojan horse to hide soldiers within in order to get soldiers behind the Trojan line of defence.

Before the fall of Troy, during the dawn of the War, King Priam sought to create an alliance with the strong Kingdom of Sparta in Northern Greece, to defend Troy when the war had begun. King Aeneas, or Helikaon as he was said to be known, King of Dardanos, was a good friend of Hektor and King Priam, and sided with the Trojans in the war. Unfortunately, on the journey back, after Hektor and Paris had forged an alliance in Sparta, Paris took the wife of the King of Sparta, Princess Helen, without his consent, as they had fallen in love. This ended the alliance,and Sparta eventually joined the fighting cause of King Agammenon.





Federal Information Processing Standards

Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) are standards made by the Federal government of the United States for non-military government agencies and by government contractors to use, and they are announced to the public.

Many FIPS standards are modified versions of standards used in the wider community (ANSI, IEEE, ISO, etc.)

Some FIPS standards were originally developed by the U.S. government. For instance, standards for encoding data (e.g. country codes), but more significantly some encryption standards, such as the Data Encryption Standard (FIPS 46) and the Advanced Encryption Standard (FIPS 197).


Maggot

A maggot is the common name of the larval phase of development in insects of the order Diptera (flies). Sometimes, the word is used to describe the larval stage of any insect.

While large maggots only eat necrotic tissue in living animals and can be symbiotic, certain types of maggots are parasitic, like the Botfly larvae. These larvae spend part of their life cycle as parasites under the skin of living animals. As a result myiasis will take place in the host causing symptoms like sores and irritating lesions and even death.



Undertow (Tool album)

Undertow is Tool's first full-length album, released in 1993. When this album was released, grunge music was at its most popular, and pop punk was slowly beginning to become popular. "Undertow" helped heavy metal music continue as a leading mainstream musical style, and allowed several later bands to break through to the mainstream. Allmusic saw the album's success in the "striking, haunting visuals that complemented the album's nihilistic yet wistful mood." It was eventually certified double platinum by the RIAA on May 14, 2001.

The album was recorded between October and December 1992 at Grand Master Studios, Hollywood, California, and includes songs that the band decided to not release on their previous EP, "Opiate".

All songs written by Tool unless otherwise noted.

"Disgustipated" is track 69 on most pressings in North America (causing most CD players upon reaching the end of track 9 to advance through tracks 10-68, which contain no data, at a rate of about 2 per second until track 69 is reached). It also appears as track 39, track 10 (mostly in Europe) or as a hidden track following "Flood" on track 9.
On certain Japanese imports, "Disgustipated" is track 70, with a short live version of "Flood" as track 71.
The exact breakdown of "Disgustipated" is as follows:


Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom

Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom, (Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore; 14 April 1857 – 26 October 1944), later Princess Henry of Battenberg, was a member of the British Royal Family. She was the youngest child of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and Prince Albert of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha.


Xbox Live

Xbox Network (formerly known as Xbox LIVE) is the online gaming service created by Microsoft for the Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X. It costs about $50 USD per year (in America) and has over 31 million subscribers as of 2013. There are two versions of Xbox Live; Core (formerly Gold) and Free. Free allows an online 'friends list' and downloads, but does not allow users to play games against other people online. Gold is the same as Free, but with the addition of online gaming and cost $50/£40 a year. Subscribers can pay with a credit card or by special cards which are bought in shops and enter the codes online. 

Microsoft Points or MS points was the previous currency of Xbox Live. In 2013 they changed it to actual currency such as Dollars or Euros. On Xbox Live you can buy many things ranging from movies to games to DLC. You can buy full games on Xbox 360 and Xbox One or Xbox Live Arcade games.

The Unofficial Guide To Live, The most popular independent Xbox Live support website for all things Xbox Live (NAT, IP Address Failed, Wireless...)

Zanskar River

Zanskar River has two branches of origin. One of them takes birth in Ropshu area and flowing west-ward reaches Zanskar town; see Zanskar Gorge. The other branch is formed from the waters of the glaciers of central Zanskar and flowing south-east reaches Padam. From this place it turns to the north and collecting the waters of Khurna River empties into the Indus River. Another stream called Zora flowing to the north from the southern frontiers, also joins Zanskar river.

Xbox Live Vision

The Xbox Live Vision is a webcam designed for the Xbox 360 and Xbox Live.

The camera can be used for video chat, personalized gamer pictures, in-game video chat, and still pictures. The camera features 640 × 480 video at 30 fps and is capable of taking still images at 1.3 megapixels. It allows for video chat and picture messages using an Xbox Live Gold Subscription with video effects along with in-game compatibility.

It also features three camera effects, in which the currently captured video image is overlaid on the dashboard background. The three effects are 'watery', 'edgy', and 'dotty'. The camera uses a standard USB 2.0 connection and is also Windows (XP and newer) and Mac OS X (v10.4.9 and newer) compatible.

The Xbox Live Vision Camera was announced at E3 2006 and released in North America on September 19, 2006, following a 1-month pre-launch period in which Toys "R" Us stores in New York City and Los Angeles sold them to build up hype. It was released in Europe and Asia on October 6, 2006, and November 2, 2006 in Japan.

The Vision Camera is compatible with Windows XP Service Pack 2 using USB 2.0 connection. It requires a microphone for audio when used on a PC. Drivers are not included with the Vision Camera–you must allow Windows to download them automatically when prompted. 

If the Vision Camera is not working and appears as a device in "Universal Serial Bus Controllers" in Device Manager, try the following:


After a few seconds, the device will appear in "Imaging Devices." In "USB Controllers" there will be an entry called "Microsoft Xbox 360 Live Vision Security Method 3." This indicates the camera is installed and ready for use.
Mac OS X 10.4.9 added support for the USB "video class" group of peripherals, including Vision Camera. They work in iChat, Photo Booth and other applications that use Quicktime for video display, such as Skype. Connection over USB2 is also mandatory. 

The Vision Camera is also compatible with Sony's PlayStation 3 (requires firmware 1.54). 


Trumpet Concerto (Arutiunian)

Arutunian Trumpet Concerto is Armenian composer Alexander Arutunian’s sixth major composition. It was written for the Soviet trumpet player Timofei Dokschitzer, who moved to the USA and represented the concerto there. According to J. Sundram, "it is an energetic powerhouse of Eastern European lyricism and harmonic textures". According to Philip Smith, the principal trumpet of the New York Philharmonic, Arutunian's Trumpet Concerto is too much popular among the trumpet players.

Arutiunian's Trumpet Concerto consists of the following movements:


Conductor: Pekka Savidtsuki. Finland 
The London Symphony orchestra. Conductor: Luis Has. RCA Victor 09026-62661-2. USA, 1994 
Conductor: Konstantin Orbelyan, Jr. CHAN 9668 England, 2000 
Conductor: Atso Almila. Mils 9651 Finland, 1996 

S. VI-02273 


Alexander Arutiunian

Alexander Arutiunian (born September 23, 1920, Yerevan; died March 28, 2012) was an Armenian composer and pianist, widely-known particularly for his Trumpet concerto. He was awarded by the State Prizes of USSR (1949) and Armenia (1970), People's Artist of the USSR (1970) and Armenian SSR (1964) honorary titles, "St Mesrop Mashtots" and "Khorenatsi" Armenian medals, "Alexandrov" Gold medal (1976), "St Sahak and St Mesrop" Order by Holy Etchmiadzin (2004).

He graduated from the Music Conservatory of Yerevan, then he studied composition with Genrikh Litinsky. After graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later he became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.

In 1948 he was awarded the USSR State Prize for the "Motherland" cantata, a graduation piece he wrote as a student at the Moscow Conservatory. He has continued to win acclaim at home and abroad for his works, many of which are quickened by the folk traditions of Armenian music.

Some of Arutiunian's works for wind instruments, notably the 1950 concerto for trumpet, the concerto for tuba, and the brass quintet "Armenian Scenes", have secured their place in the international repertory, having been performed by conductors such as Valeri Gergiev, who has recorded his Symphony for large orchestra, composed in 1957 with the Symphony orchestra of the Russian All-Union Radio. In 1988, he composed his Violin Concerto "Armenia-88".




Epicurus

Epicurus (Samos, 341 BC – Athens, 270 BC) was an ancient Greek philosopher. He started a school of philosophy called Epicureanism.

As a boy he studied philosophy under the Platonist teacher Pamphilus for about four years. At the age of 18 he went to Athens for his two-year term of military service. Epicurus never married and had no children, so far as we know.

Epicurus helped in the development of science and the scientific method because he said that nothing should be believed except what we can test through direct observation and logical deduction. His ideas about nature and physics hinted at scientific concepts developed in modern times.

Epicurus' only surviving complete works are three letters, which can be found in book X of Diogenes Laertius' "Lives of Eminent Philosophers", and two groups of quotes: the "Principal Doctrines", reported as well in Diogenes' book X, and the "Vatican Sayings", preserved in a manuscript from the Vatican Library.

Many pieces of his thirty-seven volume treatise "On Nature" have been found in the burnt papyrus fragments at the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum.



The Hundred and One Dalmatians

The 00 and 1 Dalmatians, or The Great Dog Robbery is a 1956 children's novel by Dodie Smith. The story is about Cruella de Vil and her plans to skin 101 Dalmatian puppies to make a fur coat. The puppies are rescued by other animals. Disney released an animated movie in 1961 based on the book as "101 Dalmatians". The book has been published as "101 Dalmatians". Smith wrote a sequel to the book called "The Starlight Barking".

101 Dalmatians

101 Dalmatians may mean:



Coulomb's law

Coulomb's law is a function developed in the 1780s by physicist Charles-Augustin de Coulomb. It explains how strong the force will be between two electrostatic charges. Electrostatic means electric charges without any motion.

Let's think of two electric charges existing in an empty space. If the two charges are opposite, (+) and (-) charges for example, they will attract each other. And if two charges are both the same, both (+) or both (-) for example, they will push each other. This is similar to how magnets act, as N and S attract each other, and as N and N, S and S push each other.

This is because electric charges make an electric field. If two fields exist in the same space at the same time, then the two fields exert (~ put) force on each other. The force they make on each other is called 'Coulomb's force' or the electrostatic force. Coulomb's law explains how big the force will be.

Coulomb's law explains the scale between two electric charges.
The scale of electrostatic force follows the function below.
Coulomb's law explains that the force scale F is relative to ratio of formula_2,formula_3.

formula_4 and formula_5 are the scales of each electric charge. formula_6 is the distance between the two electric charges. And formula_7 has a certain value. It does not change relative to formula_4, formula_5 or formula_6. While formula_11 remains constant, when multiples of formula_4 and formula_5 become bigger, the electrostatic force will also get bigger. When the distance formula_6 becomes bigger, the electrostatic force will become smaller by the ratio of formula_3.
The exact size of formula_7 is
formula_17
formula_18N m C (or m F). This constant is called Coulomb's force constant or the electrostatic force constant.

The relation between the force of pushing or pulling (F) and the distance between the particles (formula_6) follows the Inverse-square Law. Inverse-square law means that when the distance formula_6 grows bigger, the force gets weaker by the ratio formula_3. Gravitation, Electromagnetic radiation, and sound loudness also follow this law.



Snow White (disambiguation)

Snow White can mean:




Leprechaun

In Irish mythology, a leprechaun () is a type of male fairy said to live in the island Ireland. They are a class of fairy folk" in Irish mythology and folklore, as with all fairies, with the Tuatha Dé Danann

They usually form into the look of old men and who enjoy doing trouble. They are said to be very rich, having many treasure crocks buried during war-time. Legend says, if someone looks at one of them, the leprechaun cannot escape, but the moment the person looks away, he disappears.


Greater Middle East

The Greater Middle East (also known as "The New Middle East") is a political term that groups together various countries, related to the Arab world with Iran and Turkey, marginal countries such as Pakistan and Afghanistan. Various Central Asian countries and the lower Caucasus (Azerbaijan, Armenia, and Georgia) and Cyprus and Greece are sometimes also included. Some speakers may use the term to denote areas with significant Muslim majorities, but this usage is not universal. The countries and Territories of the GME are as the following:


Asian snake-eyed skink

The Asian snake-eyed skink ("Ablepharus pannonicus") is a species of skink. It lives in the Caucasus Mountains and the Greater Middle East. It is a small skink, with a body color that can be brown or copper green, and some have a white stripe along their side. Like a snake, it does not have moveable eyelids.

Crosswords DS

Crosswords DS (also known as CrossworDS) is a crosswords video game made by Nuevo Retro Games and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console. It has three games - Crosswords, Word search, and Anagrams.


Fedora Unity

Fedora Unity is a community project to build comprehensive and concise websites and content that provide Fedora users and contributors with quality information.

All submissions to the project are covered by the Open Publication License (with no options) unless otherwise noted in order to allow submission to the Fedora Documentation Project.

The Fedora Unity project produces ISO images for i386 and x86_64 architectures that are available as Jigdo downloads, containing slipstreamed installation media.

Last release: 20080720 launched, July of 2008, it includes Fedora 9 plus all updates as of July 18th, 2008.


Picross DS

Picross DS is a puzzle video game made by Jupiter and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console.

"Picross DS" got many great reviews. IGN gave it a 9.0/10 and an Editor's Choice Award. The magazine said the game was one of the most addictive games for the Nintendo DS. They liked it for its downloadable puzzles, create-a-puzzle mode, and the number of puzzles to play. They said that the game's biggest mistake was that it penalized the player for missing by adding time, but doesn't count how many times the player misses.

Text box

A text box is a box that people type things into the computer. Text boxes are commonly used on websites as searchbars.

Type

Type may mean:

In philosophy:

In mathematics:

In computing:

In sociology:

Other:


Free agent

A free agent is a professional sports player who is not part of a specific team, especially whose contract has expired with the team he or she was on. That player can then sign a new contract with any team.

Out (baseball)

An out in baseball happens to the batter or his teammates on the field in a game. When a player is out, they leave the field, and when there are 3 outs, the other team goes up to bat. One way to get an out is if a baseball is caught while in the air and before it touches the ground after being hit by the batter. Another way is to strike out. To strike out you have to either miss the ball or not swing at good pitches three times while batting. Tag outs and force outs are the other main ways players get out. 


Run (baseball)

A run in baseball is when a player on a team scores a point. It can be a walked in run, a batted run, or a home run.

Maxis

Maxis Software is an American company that was founded as a video game developer and is now a brand name of Electronic Arts (EA). Maxis' second software title was "SimCity", a city simulation and planning game. Maxis is also the creator of the best-selling computer game of all time, "The Sims" and its sequel "The Sims 2" and a title called "Spore" in which you guide a creature from cell form to smart, developed creatures. These four titles and their related products are the brand's most popular and successful lines.

Most Maxis titles are simulation-based, though none are considered traditional simulations. Maxis founder Will Wright likens them as "digital dollhouses." Maxis has also released games developed by other production houses, such as "A-Train" and "SimTower".

Electronic Arts (EA) completed its acquisition of Maxis on July 28, 1997. EA kept some of the original staff, including Will Wright. Products were shipped under the Maxis logo for several years until 2004, when "The Sims 2" had only the Electronic Arts logo on the box cover. As of October 18 2006, with the release of "" expansion pack, the Maxis title has been removed from the game's start. Also, up until "", the logo of Maxis was used for a button in the Options panel of the game to display the credits. In "FreeTime", the Maxis logo was replaced by a symbol of the Sims plumbob.

Underwater

Underwater is a term telling what is below the surface of a body of water such as an ocean, sea, lake, pond, or river. Most of the planet Earth is covered by water. The bottom of the ocean is called the sea-bed. Most of the sea-bed is between below the surface of the ocean. Just like the Earth's dry land, the sea-bed also has mountains, valleys and flat plains, although they are covered with water. The deepest part of all the world's oceans is a place called the Challenger Deep, which is in the Mariana Trench. It is under the sea.

Although a number of human activities happen underwater, such as scuba diving for work or recreation, or even warfare with submarines, most of the oceans, especially the deepest parts, have not been explored yet.

Hereford (cattle)

Hereford cattle are a widely used breed in temperate areas, mainly for beef production.

Originally from Herefordshire, England, they are found in the temperate parts of Australia. The breed also enjoys great popularity among ranchers in the desert American Southwest of the United States, as well as in the centre and east of Argentina and in Uruguay. Herefords made up the largest percentage of registered cows among herders in New Zealand. This is a testament to the hardiness of the breed; while originating in cool, moist Britain, they have thrived in much harsher climates. The breed has adapted to a wide range of climates on nearly every continent.

Hornless variants with the polled gene are known as the Polled Herefords. Breeding horned and hornless together functions as a genetic dehorner. This is often used as an alternative to a dehorning process, which causes stress and often weight loss.

Beef cattle

Beef cattle are cattle raised for meat production (as distinguished from dairy cattle). The meat of cattle is known as beef. While the principal use of beef cattle is meat production, other uses include leather, and products used in shampoo and cosmetics. The plural "beeves", when referring to such meat-animals (of either sex), is well known in the American cattle industry, but is often restricted to steers.

Roman army

The Roman army is the military of ancient Rome, the forces used by the Roman Kingdom, Roman Republic and later Roman Empire. Its infantry for much of its history was the Roman legion. Rome also had a navy. The size of the army in the late Roman Empire was about 128,000 179,200 men. It was very well organized. The main Roman soldiers in the Empire were the legionaries. The legions were separated into centuries, made up of 80 soldiers and 20 other men who remained in the camp to cook and do other chores.

Other soldiers in the army were called the "auxilia". Auxilia were non-citizens who mainly came from the Roman provinces. They were paid less than legionaries and did not usually wear armor but at the end of their service, which was a minimum of 25 years, they were given Roman citizenship.

The army had cavalry units called Equites. Their men were rich enough to have horses and more expensive weapons. Being few, they were less important in battle than the infantry.

The soldiers of the Roman army wore helmets and body protection. In the early to mid-Republican era, legionaries usually bought their own equipment. "Hastati", the first line of soldiers, usually had breastplates, called a "cuirass", and some wore "lorica hamata", or chainmail. The richer principes, the second line of soldiers, could afford "lorica hamata" but they were sometimes seen wearing the cheaper "cuirasses". Both hastati and principes were each armed with a "gladius" – a short, 60 centimeter (two foot) sword, and each had two "pila" – short spears.

The third line of soldiers, the Triarii, had a "hasta", a two meter long spear. They were also armed with the "gladius" and had an early form of the "lorica segmenta" or iron band armor. All legionaries had a large rectangular shield, the "scutum", which had rounded corners.
By the late Republican period, all legionaries carried a "gladius", two "pila", a new, larger "scutum", and wore chainmail." Lorica segmentata" was only commonly worn between the 2nd and 3rd century.

Larger weapons such as the ballista (large crossbow) and the Onager (catapult) were used in larger battles.

From the Second Punic War onward, Roman armies had units of non-Italian mercenaries, such as Numidian light cavalry, Cretan archers, and Balearic slingers. Roman armies had previously lacked these kinds of troops.

The main thing a member of the Roman Army needed was athletic ability. Soldiers were expected to march about 36 km (24 miles) in five hours. They also had to be fit to fight well and cope with any injuries.

New soldiers would do two sessions of military drill and give their oath of loyalty to their Commander and Emperor. Every day the whole of the legion would practice running, jumping, sword fighting and javelin throwing.

Tierpark Hagenbeck

Tierpark Hagenbeck (translated as "Animal park of Hagenbeck") is the name of the largest zoo in Hamburg, Germany. The park was founded by Carl Hagenbeck in 1907. His father was a fishmonger (a person who buys and sells fish). It was the first zoo in the world to use moats (a moat is a large hole or trench. Animals do not dare cross it).
This was done instead of using cages with bars, so the animals would feel more at home. 

Bombs in the Second World War completely destroyed the zoological garden. With much help from the founding family, it was rebuilt after the war. Two Indian elephants helped to clear the rubble in the zoo.

There are 210 different species in the Tierpark Hagenbeck. The sadness is the only swan which is almost completely black, the Mourning swan. There are also mandrills and baby elephants but no tapirs. There is breeding for orangutans, North Chinese leopards and giant otters from South America.

Ronno

Ronno is a village in the Rhône department of central-eastern France.

Ultamatix

Ultamatix is a computer program to install other programs on Ubuntu and Debian-based distributions.

Since the development of Automatix has ended, Ultamatix was developed to provide user an easy way to install software on their Ubuntu systems.

Many software/features can be installed with Ultamatix, including programs such as the Flash plugin, Adobe Reader, multimedia codecs (including MP3, Windows Media Audio and video-DVD support), fonts, programming software (compilers) and games.



Cover

Cover can have more than one meaning:

Limit of a function

In calculus, a branch of mathematics, the limit of a function is the behavior of a certain function near a selected input value for that function. Limits are one of the main calculus topics, along with derivatives, integration, and differential equations.

The definition of the limit is as follows:

The notation for the limit above is read as "The limit of formula_1 as formula_3 approaches formula_4 is formula_2", or alternatively, formula_10 as formula_11 (reads "formula_1 tends to formula_2 as formula_3 tends to formula_4"). Informally, this means that we can make formula_1 as close to formula_2 as possible—by making formula_3 sufficiently close to formula_4 from both sides (without making formula_3 equal to formula_4).

Imagine we have a function such as formula_22. When formula_23, formula_1 is undefined, because formula_25. Therefore, on the Cartesian coordinate system, the function formula_22 would have a vertical asymptote at formula_23. In limit notation, this would be written as:

For the function formula_22, we can get as close to formula_30 in the formula_3-values as we want, so long as we do "not" make formula_3 equal to formula_30. For instance, we could make x=.00000001 or -.00000001, but never 0. Therefore, we can get formula_1 as close as we want to formula_31, but without reaching it. The left limit is any value that approaches the limit from numbers less than the number, and the right limit is any value that approaches the limit from number greater than the limit number. For instance, in the function formula_22, since the limit for formula_3 is 0, if formula_42, it approaches the limit from the right. If we instead choose -1, we say it approaches the limit from the left.


Marilyn Manson

Brian Hugh Warner (born January 5, 1969 in Canton, Ohio), better known by his stage name Marilyn Manson, is an American singer, artist and actor. He is known for his stage name and image as the lead singer of the band named after him. His stage name was formed from the names of actress Marilyn Monroe and murderer, Charles Manson.

Manson is best known for the music he made in the 1990s. Many people thought he was a bad influence on children because of his music. Three of his band's albums have been certified platinum by the RIAA. Manson has been nominated for five Grammy Awards. Four of them were with his band. One of them was for working on "Donda" with Kanye West.

In February 2021, Manson was accused of sexual and physical abuse by many women and men, including his ex-fiancée Evan Rachel Wood.

All with the band:


Move

Move may mean:

Science 

Government, law and politics

computing

Organizations and brands

Music

Personal name

Arthur Phillip

Admiral Arthur Phillip RN (11 October 1738 – 31 August 1814) was a British naval officer. Phillip was made Governor of New South Wales, the first European colony in Australia, which is now the city of Sydney.

Arthur (Kriddler) Phillip was born in Moscow, Russia in 1738. His father was a German-born language teacher, Jacob Phillip. His mother, Elizabeth Breach, was English, and the widow of a navy captain. Phillip went to a school for poor boys at the Greenwich Hospital. At the age of 13 he joined the merchant navy. Phillip joined the Royal Navy at 15. He saw action during the Seven Years' War in the Mediterranean at the Battle of Minorca in 1756. In 1762 he was promoted to Lieutenant. When the war ended in 1763 he was put on half pay. He got married and became a farmer in Lyndhurst, Hampshire. He separated from his wife about six years later.

In 1774 Phillip joined the Portuguese Navy as a captain. He served in the Spanish-Portuguese War, 1776–1777. Phillip took a group of convict ships from Portugal to Brazil. This trip was a success because not many people died. This may have been one of the reasons Phillip was asked to led the expedition to Australia. In 1778 England was at war again, and Phillip was recalled to active service. In 1779 he was given his first command, the ship "Basilisk". He was promoted to captain in 1781, and given command of the "Ariadne". In 1782 he was captain of the "Europe" with his friend Philip Gidley King as his lieutenant. They sailed to India. In 1784 he was back on half pay in England. He spent time in southern France and in 1786 was doing survey work for the Royal Navy.

In October 1786, Phillip was made Governor of New South Wales. The British government wanted to start a penal colony (prison) on the east coast of Australia. Phillip knew about farming, and had taken prisoners to Brazil for the Portuguese. This made him a good choice to be leader. Phillip had a very hard time getting the ships ready for the eight month sea voyage to Australia. He had to take everything that the new colony might need. Phillip had no real idea of what he might find when he got there. There wasn't much money to buy things. He wanted people who knew about farming, building and making things, but this was rejected. Most of the 772 convicts (prisoners) were thieves from the city area of London. Phillip also took a group of marines (soldiers) and small group of officers who were to help him run the new colony.

The First Fleet, of 11 ships, sailed on 13 May 1787. The first ship, HMS "Supply", reached Botany Bay on 18 January 1788. Phillip soon decided that this site, picked by Sir Joseph Banks, was not suitable. It had poor soil, no safe place to leave the ships, and no drinking water. Phillip decided to go north to Port Jackson. On 26 January 1788 (this day is now called Australia Day) the marines and convicts landed at Sydney Cove. It was a successful trip, as only 40 convicts had died. Phillip named Sydney after Lord Sydney.

The first years of the settlement were very hard. They only had the supplies they brought with them. They had to start growing their own food, but the soil around Sydney was poor. They didn't know about the climate, how much rain or when it would fall for example. Very few of the convicts knew anything about farming or growing food. They did not have enough farming tools. The convicts did not want to be farm workers. The colony was in danger of starvation for long time. The soldiers, who didn't like being given orders in many cases, did not think it was their job to make the convicts work. Phillip had to put some convicts in charge (overseers) to get the other convicts working. This was the start of the process of making some convicts free which led to the reforms of Lachlan Macquarie after 1811. As Governor of the new settlement, Phillip had complete power over the eastern half of Australia.

Phillip had respect from the Aboriginal people because he was missing a front tooth. This tooth was the same tooth that they knocked out as part of their initiation ceremonies.

Phillip soon had problems with the soldiers in the penal colony. Life in Sydney was difficult, without proper houses and not enough food. The officer in charge of the soldiers, Major Robert Ross, wanted to give up the settlement and go back to England. Ross complained about Phillip and wrote letters to the government in England about him. The soldiers thought they should be given land and other benefits. They thought they should be given more food than the convicts, but Phillip believed everyone should have an equal share. Ross and the soldiers believed that they were in Australia to protect the settlement from being attacked by other countries. They did not think that their work included guarding the convicts. Ross who was a soldier, did not think he should have to take orders from Phillip, who was a navy man. In March 1790, Phillip finally sent Ross to be in charge of the colony on Norfolk Island. The British government continued to send out convicts, there were over 4000 in Sydney by 1792. Food still needed to be brought in as the colony could not yet grow enough. Phillip began giving small grants of land to ex-convicts to start farms around Parramatta, New South Wales.

On 11 December 1792 Phillip left to go back to England. He needed medical treatment for a pain in his side. The pain was kidney pain from eating so much salted food. He planned to return to Australia, but on medical advice he resigned as Governor and stayed in England. He married Isabella Whitehead in 1794. He eventually got better and in 1796 returned to the navy as a captain. He was in charge of the "Alexander", and later the 74 gun battleship, "Swiftshore". In January 1799 he was made a Rear Admiral of the Blue, and put in charge of the Sea Fencibles. Their job was to defend England against Napoleon. He retired from active service in 1805. He had a number of strokes which left him partly paralysed. He died at Bath, on 31 August 1814, after falling from a third floor window. He was buried at the church of St.Nicholas, Bathampton.

In 2007 Geoffrey Robertson QC found that Phillip's remains are no longer in the church. It is not known where they are. It is believed they were lost while the church was being repaired in the 1970s. Robertson believes that it is an insult to Phillip that he wasn't buried in one of England's cathedrals. He wants the remains of Phillip found and brought back to Australia. 


Bill Cowher

William Laird "Bill" Cowher (born May 8, 1957) is a former American football coach and player. He coached the Pittsburgh Steelers for 15 seasons. He is an analyst for "The NFL Today". He won his only Super Bowl when the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Seattle Seahawks.

Halting problem

The Halting problem is a problem in computer science. The problem is looking at a computer program and finding out if the program is going to run forever or not. We say that a program "solves the halting problem" if it can look at any other program and tell if that other program will run forever or not.

For example, a program like this:

will loop forever, but the program

stops very quickly.

Is there a program that solves the halting problem? It turns out there is not. We prove this fact by showing that if there is a program that solves the halting problem then something impossible happens. So for the moment we will act like there really is a program that solves the halting problem. Here, P is a function which will evaluate function F (called with argument I) and return true if it runs forever and false otherwise.

P can look at any program and find out if it will run forever or not. We use P to make a new program that we will call Q. What Q does is look at another program and then answer the following question: "If we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself, will it run forever?". We can make Q because we have P. All we need to do is to tell Q to create a new program that is the old program looking at itself, and then use P to find out if the new program runs forever or not.

Now we make another program R. R looks at another program and asks Q for its answer on that program. If Q answers "yes, if we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself it will run forever", then R stops. If Q answers "no, if we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself, it will not run forever", then R enters an infinite loop and runs forever.

Now we look at what happens if we make R look at a copy of itself. Two things can happen: it will either stop or run forever. 

If running R and making it look at a copy of itself does not run forever, then Q answered "yes, if we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself it will run forever". But Q said this when looking at R itself. So what Q actually said is: "yes, if we run R and make it look at a copy of itself it will run forever". So: If R running on a copy of itself does not run forever, then it does run forever. This is impossible. 

If running R and making it look at a copy of itself runs forever, then Q answered "no, if we run this program and make it look at a copy of itself it will not run forever". But Q said this when looking at R itself. So what Q actually said is: "no, if we run R and make it look at a copy of itself it will not run forever". So: If R running on a copy of itself runs forever, then it does not run forever. This is also impossible.

No matter what happens, we get an impossible situation. We did something wrong, and we need to find out what it was. Most of the things we did were not wrong. We can not say "making a program look at a copy of itself is wrong", or "looking at what another program said and then going into a loop if it said one thing, and stopping if it said another thing" is wrong. It does not make sense to say that we are not allowed to do those things. The only thing that we did that looks like it could be wrong is that we pretended that a program like P exists in the first place. And since this is the only thing that could be wrong, and something must be wrong, this is it. This is the proof that a program like P does not exist. There is no program that solves the halting problem.

This proof was found by Alan Turing in 1936.

 This is the paper where Turing defines Turing machines, formulates the halting problem, and shows that it (as well as the Entscheidungsproblem) is unsolvable.

Largentière

Largentière () is a "commune" in the Ardèche department of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France. It is a "subprefecture" of the department.

Its name, used since the thirteenth century in place of its more ancient name "Segualeriae" (Ségualières), refers to the silver mines in the area between the tenth and fifteenth centuries.

The "commune" of Largentière is in the southern part of the Ardèche department, in the narrow valley of the "Ligne" river, a short right tributary of the Ardèche river.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Largentière to other cities are:

Largentière is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Largentière is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The inhabitants of Largentière are known, in French, as "Largentiérois" (women: "Largentiéroises").

With a population of 1,734, Largentière has a population density of inhabitants/km. It is the second smallest subprefecture in France after Castellane in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department that has only 1,541 inhabitants (2014).
Evolution of the population in Largentière

Largentière is a subprefecture of the Ardèche department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Largentière and is part of the canton Vallon-Pont-d'Arc.

It is part of the intercommunality "Val de Ligne", officially named as "Communauté de communes Val de Ligne".



Tucumcari, New Mexico

Tucumcari is a city in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It was founded in 1901 and is the county seat of Quay County.


Gibson

Gibson may refer to:

Gibson Les Paul

The Gibson Les Paul is an electric guitar that has been made by Gibson since 1952. It is one of the most popular electric guitars of all time.

Usclades-et-Rieutord

Usclades-et-Rieutord is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Uzer, Ardèche

Uzer is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Vals-les-Bains

Vals-les-Bains is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Vernon, Ardèche

Vernon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Veyras, Ardèche

Veyras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Coucouron

Coucouron is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.


Scottish Fold

The Scottish Fold (sometimes called Coupari by Canadian breeders) is a breed of cat. Its distinctive ear fold is caused by a particular gene.

First known as Flops, for their "floppy" ears, Scottish Fold became the breed's name in 1966. Scottish Folds with long hair are known by a number of names. For example, it is called the Highland Fold by the ACFA, AACE, and UFO; the Scottish Fold Longhair by the TICA, NCFA, ACA, CCA, and CFA; and the Longhair Fold by the CFF.

The very first Scottish Fold was a long-haired barn cat with white fur, called Susie. She was found in 1961 at a farm near Coupar Angus in Perthshire, Scotland. Susie's ears had an unusual fold in the middle, making her look like an owl. When Susie had kittens, two of them were born with the distinctive folded ears. One was owned by William Ross, a nearby farmer and cat-lover. Ross registered the breed with the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy in Great Britain and started to breed Scottish Fold kittens with the help of Pat Turner. The breeding program ended up with 76 kittens in the first three years, 42 with folded ears. They suspected that the ear mutation was from a dominant allele. This means that if one parent has straight ears, and one parent has folded ears, half of the kittens will be Folds.

Susie's only fertile offspring was a female Fold named Sans, also white like her mother. A second kitten was neutered shortly after birth. Three months after Sans' birth, Susie was killed by a car. All Scottish Fold cats are related to Susie and Sans. This kind of ancestry is very rare, even among pedigreed animals.

The breed was not accepted for showing in Great Britain and Europe because people thought that they would be overly prone to ear problems such as infection, mites, and deafness, but the Folds were sold in America. The breed kept on growing using crosses with British Shorthairs and American Shorthairs. Despite the initial concerns, the Fold breed has not had the expected mite and infection problems. However, wax can build up faster than in the ears of other cats.

Folds are very popular pets because of their unique look, and their reputation as particularly loving companions. Fold kittens are usually much more expensive to buy than kittens of more common breeds.

All Folds are born with straight, unfolded ears. Cats that have the Fold gene will start to show the fold before 21 days. The first cats only had one fold in their ears. With careful breeding, breeders have changed the fold to a double or triple fold. This causes the ear to lie totally flat against the head.

Folds are a medium-sized breed of cat (9–13 lbs. for males and 6–9 lbs. for females). They have round bodies, round heads, and round faces. They have big round eyes. Their noses are short with a gentle curve. They have medium to short sized legs. Their heads are curved at the top. They have very short necks. The eyes have a big gap which gives the Scottish Fold a "sweet expression".

Scottish Folds can be either long- or short-haired. They may have nearly any coat colour or mix of colours (including white) except pointed colours. According to cat-fancy website Terrific-Cats.com:
Scottish Folds, whether with folded ears or with normal ears, are normally good-natured and calm. They can adjust to other animals within a household very well. They tend to become very attached to their human caregivers. They are by nature quite loving. Folds receive high marks for playfulness, affection, and grooming. They are often clever, loyal, quiet, and do well in changing home situations.

Folds are also known for sleeping on their backs. Scottish Folds normally have soft voices. They can give a mix of meows and purrs not found in better-known breeds.

Scottish Folds usually live for around 15 years.
Scottish folds can easily get polycystic kidney disease (PKD), osteochondritis, and cardiomyopathy.

Because the ears fold nearly a month after birth, Fold kittens cannot be judged immediately as to their type or value, as the animal website PetFinder.com says:
One special medical problem comes in the Scottish Fold if both parents have folded ears. In such a case, their kittens will be very likely (1:4 ratio, or usually at least one per litter) to have a painful joint disease that can fuse the tail, ankles and/or knees. Scientists think the disease is caused by the dominant (folded-ear) gene. It is more likely to affect Folds with the gene twice, than mixed single with one recessive (unfolded-ear) gene. This disease can also affect Scottish Folds with one copy of the gene, but usually not as often or as badly. For this reason the breed is not accepted by either the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy or the Fédération Internationale Féline. This is the reasoning behind the widely-held belief that the only ethical manner of breeding Folds is Fold/nonfold and not Fold/Fold (in the same way Munchkins are bred).

The Scottish Fold is one of the main focuses in the short novel "The Cat Who Went to Paris" by Peter Gethers. The book and its two sequels, "A Cat Abroad" and "The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton, the Perfect Cat, and His Imperfect Human", talk about the life of Gethers and his Fold, Norton. It starts with their first meeting and ends with Norton's death and Gether's life after the loss.

Cat guides about the Scottish Fold breed can be found. For example "Scottish Fold Cats: A Complete Pet Owner's Manual" (), "Guide to Owning a Scottish Fold Cat" (), and "Scottish Fold Cats (Cats Set III)" ().

The Sims 3

The Sims 3 is a computer game for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. It was released on June 2, 2009 and is a sequel to the popular "The Sims" and "The Sims 2" computer games. There have been versions of the game for consoles and mobile phones as well. "The Sims 3" was a success right when it was released. The game has sold 1.4 million copies in its first week and over ten million copies worldwide to date.

EA released a sequel, "The Sims 4", in September 2, 2014.

The Sims 3 is made with the same idea as the games before it. The player controls their own Sims in activities and relationships in a similar manner to real life. The game play is open-ended and has no limits. Sims houses and neighborhoods are in one huge map. The developers stated, "What you do outside your home now matters as much as what you do within." The game includes an optional feature called "Story Progression", which allows all Sims in the neighborhood to continue on their own as if the player were controlling them, such as grow up, get married, get jobs and promotions, have children, and build or buy their dream house while the player is not playing. The Sims 2 used a reward system called Wants and Fears. This is replaced with a new system called Wishes in The Sims 3. Completing a Sim's wish helps the Sim's Lifetime Happiness score and mood. Some wishes, such as "Go to the Park", may add little points to their lifetime happiness while "Have A Baby Boy" may add thousands of points. In The Sims 2, Wants and Fears also contributed to a Sim's "Aspiration" meter, the same to current self-esteem. In The Sims 3, Aspiration is removed entirely, replaced with "Moodlets", which contribute good or bad values to the original Motivation meter. Moodlets can be inspired by physical events, such as having a good meal or comfort from sitting in a good chair, as well as emotional events like a first kiss or a break-up. Most moodlets last for a set amount of time, but some bad Moodlets can be cured (such as the one caused by a need to use the bathroom) and some positive ones rely on the Sim's surroundings and traits.

Brad Delson

Bradford Phillip "Brad" Delson (born December 1, 1977 in Agoura Hills, California) is the lead guitarist of alternative rock band Linkin Park.

Brad went to Agoura High School with fellow member of Linkin Park Mike Shinoda.

Charlton Heston

Charlton Heston (October 4, 1923 – April 5, 2008) was an American actor and political activist. He had many big roles, such as playing Moses in the movie "The Ten Commandments", astronaut Colonel George Taylor in "Planet of the Apes" (1968) and "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" (1970), the dystopian "The Omega Man" (1971), and "Soylent Green" (1973). Heston played Judah Ben-Hur in the Academy Award-winning "Ben-Hur".

He was born in Wilmette, Illinois on October 4, 1923. He was raised in St. Helen, Michigan. Heston studied at New Trier High School and at Northwestern University.

Heston was also known for his politics. When he was young he held liberal views and marched with people such as Martin Luther King, Jr. for civil rights in the 1960s.

It was rare for a Hollywood actor to be for such causes at that time. Later in his life, he was for conservative causes such as gun rights. He was president of the National Rifle Association of America, a group that is for the rights of gun owners, from 1998 to 2003.

In July 2003, he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom at the White House from President George W. Bush.

Late in his life, Heston had Alzheimer's disease. He died of pneumonia, aged 84, in Beverly Hills, California.


Ambush marketing

Ambush marketing is a form of marketing. Many events, especially in sports have sponsors. These sponsors pay money, which makes it possible to hold the event. In return for this, they get publicity and media coverage. Ambush marketing is a name given to marketing campaigns that are also done around the event, but where no money is paid for the event.

There are many major events where one company will pay money to become the "exclusive sponsor" of the event (or in a category of the event). This blocks other brands or companies. These other brands then seek to promote themselves in connection with the same event. They do not pay the sponsorship fee. Even if they wanted to, they could not, because one brand is the exclusive sponsor. 

Ambush marketing is not illegal, and many people do it. Examples in sport include FIFA World Cup, Olympic Games, and the Super Bowl.

Anti-ambush marketing regulations have become controversial for restricting freedom of speech and self-promotion.


Al-Mustansir II

Al-Mustansir II of Cairo was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo, Egypt, for the Mamluk Sultans between 1261 and 1262.

University of Texas at El Paso

The University of Texas at El Paso is a public university in El Paso, Texas, United States. It has about 20,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1914.

Achaemenid Empire

The Achaemenid Empire, or Persian Empire, (550–330 BC) was the first Persian Empire to rule over significant portions of Greater Persia (or Iran). It followed the Median Empire as the second great empire of the Iranian peoples. At the height of its power, the Achaemenid Empire had about 7.5 million square kilometres and was territorially the largest empire of classical antiquity.

The empire was forged by Cyrus the Great. It spanned three continents, including parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan; parts of Central Asia, Asia Minor, Thrace; much of the Black Sea coastal regions; Iraq, northern Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Israel, Lebanon and Syria; and all of the significant population centres of ancient Egypt as far west as Libya. The empire was the foe of the Greek city-states of the Greco-Persian Wars. It freed the Israelites from their Babylonian captivitya nd instituted Aramaic as the its official language. Because of the empire's vast extent and long endurance, Persian influence upon the language, religion, architecture, philosophy, law, and government of nations around the world has lasted ever since.

The empire began as a tributary state of the Medes but ended up conquering and enlarging them and includiong Egypt and Asia Minor. Under Xerxes, it came very close to conquering Ancient Greece. The Achaemenids were overthrown by Alexander the Great, who conquered it in 330 BCE.






Vexilloid

A vexilloid has the same functions as a flag but it looks different. Vexilloids are characteristic of traditional societies and ancient empires (Flags did not come into general use until medieval times.). A "vexilloid" consists of a staff held upright with a cloth banner that hangs down vertically on the staff and on top of the staff is an emblem, such as a carved animal.

Whitney Smith, "Flags Through the Ages and Across the World", 

The Dark Knight (movie)

The Dark Knight is a 2008 British-American superhero movie. It was directed, produced, and co-written by Christopher Nolan. Based on the DC Comics character Batman, the movie is the second installment of Nolan's "The Dark Knight Trilogy" and a sequel to 2005's "Batman Begins". It stars Christian Bale and supported by Michael Caine, Heath Ledger, Gary Oldman, Aaron Eckhart, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Morgan Freeman. In the movie, Bruce Wayne / Batman (Bale), Police Lieutenant James Gordon (Oldman) and District Attorney Harvey Dent (Eckhart) form an alliance to take down organized crime in Gotham City, but are menaced by an anarchistic mastermind known as the Joker (Ledger), who seeks to undermine Batman's influence and throw the city into anarchy.

The movie begins with the Joker and his gang of clowns robbing a mob bank. The other clowns shoot each other so that there are fewer people so they can get more money per person. The manager of the bank takes out his shotgun and shoots one of them. The Joker takes off his mask and kills the last clown, leaving all the money for himself. He then drives away in a school bus.

The crime mob in the city is very mad at the Joker for robbing the bank. The Joker comes to them and says he wants to kill Batman. Meanwhile, Gotham City's District Attorney Harvey Dent tries to shut the mob down by tracking down the money. A businessman named Lau finds out about this and takes the money out beforehand and goes to Hong Kong so that he cannot be caught. Batman, whose real name is Bruce Wayne, flies down there himself, kidnaps him, and takes him back to Gotham City.

The Joker says he wants Batman to take his mask off and show the world who he is, and that if he does not, people will die. Commissioner Loeb dies from drinking acid in his drink and the judge that was at the mob trials is killed. The Joker then hires some men to kidnap police officers and take their uniforms. At Loeb's funeral, Joker's men attempt to shoot the mayor. Police officer James Gordon tackles the mayor and is shot and apparently killed.

Dent then calls a press conference to ask the people there if he should reveal Batman. After they say yes, Dent says that he is Batman and has the police arrest him. They put him on a truck to send him to jail. The Joker and his men drive a truck that badly damages the truck Dent is riding in. The real Batman comes in and attempts to save Dent but wrecks his motorcycle-like Batpod when the Joker stands there, since Batman has a rule that he will not kill anyone. Gordon, who is revealed to have faked his death, arrests the Joker.

In jail, Batman questions the Joker. The Joker eventually reveals that his men captured Rachel Dawes, Batman's old childhood friend and Dent's girlfriend, and Dent. He has put them in warehouses far away so that Batman cannot save both of them himself. They are near bombs that will go off and kill them. The Joker tells Batman where each person is. Batman goes to save Dawes while Gordon and his men go to rescue Dent. However, when Batman gets to Rachel's location, he only sees Dent, because the Joker switched the addresses. Batman gets Dent out, but the bomb goes off and Dent scars half of his face. Gordon is too late to save Dawes.

The Joker gets out of jail. He gets his phone call and dials a cell phone that is wired to a bomb, which blows up the police station. Afterwards, he visits the hospital where Dent is staying. Dent is driven crazy because of Dawes' death. The Joker frees Dent and tells him to take revenge. Dent goes around flipping coins and decides whether he will kill them or keep them alive. He starts going after the various police people who leaked information to the Joker to make it possible for him to kidnap and kill Dawes.

The Joker then announces that the city is his. The people in charge load up two ferries with people to get them out of the city. The Joker has wired both boats with explosives and has given each boat the detonator to the other one, saying that he will blow up both boats at midnight if one boat does not blow up the other.

Batman finds the Joker in an abandoned building. He uses a sonar system (created by Lucius Fox) to defeat the Joker's men and stops him from destroying both ferries. He then leaves the Joker hanging. The Joker is very impressed, stating that Batman cannot be corrupted into breaking his own rule. A SWAT team then captures the Joker.

At the end of the movie, Batman finds that Dent has kidnapped Gordon's family. When Batman arrives, Dent flips his coin to decide their fates. Before he can see the result of his next coin flip, Batman tackles Dent off the edge of the building, letting the vigilante plummet to his death. With Dent dead, Gordon says that if word gets out that Dent killed all these people, all the work he did will have been lost. Batman offers to take the blame for all the murders. Gordon, who is originally against it, agrees. He destroys the Bat-Signal and orders the police to hunt Batman down. Batman takes off into the night while Gordon's son does not understand the reasoning for why Batman must be hunted. But Gordon explains "because he can take it. Because he's not a hero. He's a silent guardian; a watchful protector; a Dark Knight."
Warner Bros. initially created a viral marketing campaign for The Dark Knight, developing promotional websites and trailers highlighting screenshots of Ledger as the Joker. Ledger died on January 22, 2008, some months after he completed filming and six months before the movie's release from a toxic combination of prescription drugs, leading to strong attention from the press and movie-going public.

The movie was the first mainstream feature to partially utilize IMAX 70 mm cameras, with Nolan using them for 28 minutes of the movie, including the Joker's first appearance.

The movie was filmed in Chicago and in Hong Kong. Some scenes were shot in London. During the filming in Chicago, Nolan decided to blow-up an abandoned Brach's candy factory (which was Gotham Hospital in the movie).

Nolan's inspiration for the movie was the Joker's comic book debut in 1940, the 1988 graphic novel "The Killing Joke", and the 1996 series "The Long Halloween", which retold Harvey Dent's origin. The "Dark Knight" nickname was first applied to Batman in Batman #1 (1940), in a story written by Bill Finger.

The movie is known as one of the best movies of its decade and one of the best superhero movies of all time. It got critical praise for its screenplay, visual effects, musical score, themes, performances (particularly Ledger's), cinematography, action sequences and direction. The movie also set numerous records during its theatrical run. 
"The Dark Knight" appeared on 287 critics' top-ten lists, more than any other movie of 2009 with the exception of "WALL-E", and more critics (77) named "The Dark Knight" the best movie released that year. With over $1 billion in revenue worldwide, it became the fourth-highest-grossing movie at the time, and highest-grossing movie of 2009; it also set the record for highest-grossing domestic opening with $158 million, a record it held for three years.

At the 81st Academy Awards, the movie had eight nominations. It won the award for Best Sound Editing and Ledger was posthumously awarded Best Supporting Actor. "The Dark Knight Rises", the final movie in the trilogy, was released on July 20, 2013.

Many people were upset that it was not nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. At the time, only five movies could have been nominated for the category. Since many were upset about this, the Academy changed the number of movies that could be nominated for Best Picture from five to ten.



Gorgon

In Greek mythology, the Gorgons were female monsters that had fangs and serpents for hair with bronze claws. They were the daughters of Phorkys and Keto. The serpents in their hair were special: Everyone who looked at them was turned to stone. There were three Gorgons, named Stheno, Euryale and Medusa. Only Medusa was mortal. She was beheaded by Perseus. Medusa's head was brought to Athena. There are many motives showing Athena with an aegis, and a Gorgon's head on her chest. 

Homer only talks about one Gorgon. Hesiod names all three, Stheno, the powerful one, Euryale,who could jump far, and trouble-ridden Medusa, the queen. According to Hesiod, they lived at the edge of the known world, in the Atlas Mountains. At a later time, Libya is also named as their home.

With Hellenism came the myth that the Gorgo was a sister of Alexander the Great. In this myth, she is a neck, a water spirit. The sailors of each passing boat are asked whether he is still alive. If they answer no, she takes the boat and the sailors into the water. The answer that saves the lives of the seamen is "Yes, and he reigns as a king" (). 

The heads of the Gorgons are often found on shields, capes and amulets. These were believed to be magic. The magic that is used against bad spirits and bad luck is known as apotropaic magic.

As the World Turns

As the World Turns (ATWT) is an American television soap opera that airs each weekday on CBS.

Set in the made-up town of Oakdale, Illinois, the show first went on TV on Monday, April 2, 1956 at 1:30pm EST. Before this show, all soaps were fifteen minutes in length; ATWT was the first half-hour soap opera.

At first, viewers were not excited about it, but ratings picked up in its second year, and reached the top spot in the daytime Nielsen Ratings by the fall of 1958. "As the World Turns" was the most-watched daytime drama from 1958 until 1978, with ten million people watching each day. At its height, the main actors such as Helen Wagner, Don MacLaughlin, Don Hastings, and Eileen Fulton became very well known in the United States.

The show went from black-and-white to color in the mid-1960s, with the final black-and-white episode shown on February 10, 1967. The show went from a half-hour in length to one hour starting on December 1, 1975. Also in 1975, they stopped doing the show live, and decided to tape it instead - that way, more than one episode could be taped in a day, and the actors would not have to work every day.

April 2, 2006 was the 50th anniversary of the soap opera on CBS. The show aired its 13,000th episode April 23, 2007; the 10,000th episode aired on May 12, 1995. "As the World Turns" is well known for having been taped in New York City for all of its 52 years on television (43 years in Manhattan and nine years in Brooklyn).
On December 8, 2009, CBS announced that "As the World Turns" would air its last episode in September 2010. The series concluded on September 17, 2010.

Mexican wolf

The Mexican wolf ("Canis lupus baileyi"), also known as the lobo, is a species of wolf. It is one of the rarest subspecies of the grey wolf. It was once native to southeastern Arizona, southern New Mexico, western Texas and northern Mexico. It is the smallest of North America's gray wolves.

Live USB

A Live USB is a USB flash drive that contains a full operating system so it can serve as a boot device.


Traffic collision

A traffic collision, also known as a motor vehicle collision or car crash, is when a vehicle hits another vehicle, person or object. Pedestrians, animals, road debris or other objects may be involved. Sometimes a trial occurs, in order to determine fault in a traffic collision.

Traffic collisions often result in injury, death, and property damage. They injure tens of millions of people every year, and kill usually a little more than a million. 

Road safety is partly a matter of design. Ideally, roads should be designed for the safety of all road users. This would mean providing adequate facilities for pedestrians, cyclists, and motorcyclists. Infrastructure measures such as footpaths, cycling lanes, safe crossing points, and other traffic calming measures can help reduce the risk of injury.


Malden, Massachusetts

Malden is a suburban city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 66,263 at the 2020 census.

Malden is located at . It is bordered by Melrose on the North, Everett on the south, Medford on the west, Revere on the east, and Saugus on the northeast.

Like many communities in New England, many towns and neighborhoods are organized around "Squares" which are locations of crossroads and town commons dating from the colonial and early 19th century years. Many of the neighborhoods in Malden take their name and identity from the Square they are centered around.

Malden's squares include Malden Square (formerly Converse Square, and the location of downtown Malden), Oak Grove Square (at Oak Grove T Station, Bellrock Square (at the intersections of Cross, Main and Medford Sts.), Judson Square (near Ferryway Green/School), former Suffolk Square (at Cross and Bryant Streets, and the location of a thriving Jewish community until being claimed by urban renewal in the 1960s), Maplewood Square (at Lebanon, Maplewood and Salem Streets) and Linden Square.

Some of the neighborhoods in Malden include Faulkner (location of the former Suffolk Square) West End, Edgeworth, Linden, Ferryway, Forestdale, Maplewood, Bellrock, and Belmont Hill (located between Bellrock and Ferryway).

Gary Bettman

Gary Bettman (born June 2 1952) is the current commissioner of the National Hockey League. He has held this post since February 1 1993. He is unpopular among many hockey fans, who are still angry over the lockout a few years ago. He has become even more unpopular for leading the league into another lockout in September 2012.

Mother (series)

, is a role-playing video game series made by Nintendo, Ape, Inc., HAL Laboratory, and Brownie Brown. Shigesato Itoi was in charge of all three games. It has three main games in it, and started on the NES with "Mother", and then it had "EarthBound" on the Super NES and "Mother 3" on the Game Boy Advance. "EarthBound" is the only game of the three that came out in English, and it has a strong fanbase that wants the other two games in English too.

The series takes place by travelling in western directions for the most part, but it also goes to other places like deserts, a prehistoric world, and a dream world.

"Mother" is the first title in the "EarthBound" series. It was made by Ape, Inc. and designed by Shigesato Itoi for the NES. It was going to be called "EarthBound" in the United States, and Nintendo of America completed the translation of the game, but they decided that role-playing video games were not worth releasing, and that it was too late in the NES' life to release.

"EarthBound" (known as "Mother 2" in Japan) is the second title in the series. It's the most well known because it was the only one released outside of Japan. It was made by Ape, Inc. for the Super NES. It stars a boy named Ness, a girl named Paula, a boy named Jeff, and a boy named Poo, who have to work together to defeat an evil alien called Giygas, who conquers the Earth 10 years in the future.

"Mother 3" is the third and latest "EarthBound" game. It was made by Brownie Brown and released for the Game Boy Advance. It started on the Nintendo 64 as "EarthBound 64", but got canceled since the N64 was almost done. It was announced in 2003 that it was going to move to the Game Boy Advance, and came out in 2006. It changed from 3D to 2D, but it kept the same characters and story. It never came outside of Japan because of "EarthBound"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s low sales in the United States, though there have been a lot of rumors, including one in Electronic Gaming Monthly about a game called "Mother Compilation" for the Nintendo DS which would include all three games. "Mother 3" is about the adventures of a boy named Lucas and his dog Boney, who joins up with a princess named Kumatora and a thief named Duster who have to fight the Pig Mask Army. Shigesato Itoi, the creator, has no plans to make a sequel.

Nintendo made a collection of "Mother" and "EarthBound" for the Game Boy Advance called "Mother 1 + 2". It never came out of Japan. There has not been another re-release of any of the games since, but "EarthBound" was rated by the ESRB for a Virtual Console release.

"EarthBound" has always been in the "Super Smash Bros." series. In "Super Smash Bros.", Ness (from "EarthBound") is a playable character, using special PSI moves and attacks from "EarthBound". He appeared again in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" with some new moves, and was going to be replaced by Lucas because he was going to be the star of "EarthBound 64", but since it was canceled, he kept Ness instead. "Melee" also added stages from "EarthBound" based on two of the towns from the second game, and collectible trophies of characters and items from it. "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" brought Ness back, but also added Lucas since "Mother 3" came out. It also added a stage from "Mother 3" and new trophies too.


Australian Recording Industry Association

The Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) is a group that represents the music industry in Australia. It is in charge of music licenses and royalties. ARIA has more than 100 members, and is run by a Board of Directors. ARIA holds annual award ceremonies called the "ARIA Music Awards" where prizes are given for Australian music. It also runs the "ARIA" which are music charts which list the most popular songs and albums in Australia each week.



Microsoft Excel

Microsoft Excel (full name Microsoft Office Excel) is a part of Microsoft Office. It is also available on Mac. It is made by Microsoft and it is proprietary software. It is used on the operating systems Microsoft Windows and macOS. It can do calculations and graphics. For example, it can make charts and other pictures from data tables. It also has a macro programming language called Visual Basic for Applications (VBA). Excel is part of Microsoft Office. The current versions are 2021 for Windows and 2021 for Mac.

Villeneuve-de-Berg

Villeneuve-de-Berg is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.


Astro Nusantara

Astro Nusantara was a satellite television service in Indonesia. Astro Nusantara is operated by PT Direct Vision (found on 28 February 2006), a joint venture company between Astro All Asia Networks plc and PT First Media Tbk. subsidiary PT. Direct Vision. Currently, the service consists of 48 channels including 5 locally produced Indonesia exclusive channels were launched under the Astro brand.


Oxnard, California

Oxnard is the largest city in Ventura County, California. Over 200,000 people live there. Founded in 1903. It is at the western edge of the fertile Oxnard Plain, and is one of the world's most important agricultural places, that has the strawberry and lima bean capital.


List of tools to create Live USB systems

This page lists and links to information on the various versions of Microsoft Windows, a major computer operating system developed by Microsoft.

In this section, a client version of Windows is a version that end-users or OEMs can install on personal computers, including desktop computers, laptops and workstations.

Mobile devices include smartphones, handheld tablet computers and personal digital assistants 




Real Madrid Baloncesto

Real Madrid is a Spanish basketball team. It was founded in 1932 as a division of the Real Madrid club.

2011-2020

The team secured the club's 10th European Cup crown in May 2018, before clinching a 34th league title in June of the same year. Three seasons earlier, in the 2014/15 campaign, the Whites enjoyed a historic year in which the team captured five titles, including a ninth continental crown. The success of that season was followed up in the 2015/16 campaign, which ended with the team winning the league and Copa del Rey double. The side also lifted this latter title in the tournament's 2017 edition.


"The numbers are established according to the official website: www.realmadrid.com




Vogüé

Vogüé is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Chirols

Chirols is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Chomérac

Chomérac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. It is 8 km (5 miles) from Ardèche's capital Privas at the centre of the Ardèche.

Creysseilles

Creysseilles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Cros-de-Géorand

Cros-de-Géorand is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Duane Allman

Howard Duane Allman (November 20, 1946 – October 29, 1971) was an American musician. He was the lead guitarist of the southern rock group, the Allman Brothers Band. He is often thought of as one of the greatest guitarists of all time, and is widely considered the greatest slide guitarist of all time.

Nomenclature

Nomenclature may mean a set or system of names or terms used by one person or by a community. This community will often be used in one or more areas of science (scientific nomenclature) or art.

Nomenclature may refer to one of the following:




Saint-Étienne

Saint-Étienne is a city in France, located southwest of Lyon. It is the prefecture of the Loire department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It was first mentioned in 1258 as "Sancti Stephani de Furanum". From about the 14th century, the importance of the city grew due to the arms that were made there. Jules Massenet was born near Saint-Étienne.

A.S. Saint-Étienne is a famous football club.


Saint-Étienne is twinned with:


Saint-Julien-en-Saint-Alban


Saint-Julien-Labrousse

Saint-Julien-le-Roux

Transport in Melbourne

Melbourne, Victoria, Australia has lots of transport contentions by air, sea, and on land. It has the largest tram network in the world, the most extensive freeway network of any Australian city, the busiest container port in the country, the second busiest airport and the second largest suburban rail network.


Dunière-sur-Eyrieux

The commune's name was changed from "Dunières-sur-Eyrieux" to "Dunière-sur-Eyrieux" (without "s") on 1st of January 2001.


Faugères, Ardèche

Faugères is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

History of the National Hockey League

The National Hockey League (NHL) is a professional sports organization. It contains ice hockey teams in Canada and the United States. It began in 1917 and is still running.

The National Hockey League began in 1917 in Montreal. It happened because of a series of problems within the Canadian National Hockey Association (NHA). The NHA suspend operations and the new NHL started instead.

Destroy All Humans! (2005 video game)

Destroy All Humans! is a video game developed by Pandemic Studios and published by THQ. It was released for the Xbox and PlayStation 2 game consoles. The game is set in 1950s U.S. and parodies the lifestyles, pop culture, and politics of this time period. The player controls Cryptosporidium 137, a member of the Furon race of aliens, who has come to Earth to harvest DNA from humans to continue the cloning process of his species. Destroy All Humans has gameplay similar to the "Grand Theft Auto" series.

A sequel called "Destroy All Humans! 2" was released in October 17, 2006, and also "Destroy All Humans! Big Willy Unleashed" has released on February 25, 2008. Exclusive on Nintendo Wii.

Thylacinidae

The Thylacinidae are a family of mammals that were all carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia. They are now extinct, which means we never get to see them again.

Family †Thylacinidae

Badjcinus

Badjcinus ("expert hunter dog") was an animal that belonged to the extinct marsupial family Thylacinidae.

It was one of the most primitive members of its group, living 33 to 32 million years ago in the early Oligocene. It was quite small, averaging 5.2 lbs (2.4 kg) in weight.

Its diet probably consisted of small mammals, amphibians, reptiles and insects.

Although "Badjcinus" was successful in its period, it probably was pushed out by other, better developed thylacinids. The fossils were found at Riversleigh in north-west Queensland, Australia.

Thylacinus

Thylacinus is a genus of extinct carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia.


Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics

The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics, (NUTS) for the French nomenclature d'unités territoriales statistiques, is a geocode standard that shows the administrative divisions of countries for statistical purposes. It was made by the European Union, so it only covers the member states of that union in detail. 

A NUTS code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country, and is identical to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code (the only difference is "UK" instead of "GB" for the United Kingdom). The subdivision of the country is then displayed by one number. A second or third subdivision level is referred to with another number each. Each numbering starts with 1, as 0 is used for the upper level. In case the subdivision has more than 9 entities, capital letters are used to continue the numbering.

In addition to the full three levels for the European Union countries, all countries have a NUTS code with a two-letter code for a continent and two numbers for the country, and for the USA, Canada and Australia the states, provinces, and territories are numbered separately.

Some are not easily classified: for example, Gibraltar is listed as being outside the EU with the code EO21; while French Guiana is listed twice, once in France as FR930 and once in South America as AS13.

NUTS, in some ways are similar to the ISO 3166-2 standard, as well as the FIPS standard of the United States.

There are three levels of NUTS. Some with two levels of local administrative units (LAUs) below. These were called NUTS levels 4 and 5 until July 2003, but were changed due to official regulations although they are sometimes still described as such. Note that not all countries have every level of division, depending on their size. One of the most extreme cases is Luxembourg, which has only LAUs; the three NUTS divisions each correspond to the entire country itself.

Fire blight

Fire blight is a contagious disease of rosaceous plants

Infections get into open blossoms and tender new shoots and leaves in the spring when blossoms are open. There is no known cure; prevention is the key.
Spraying plants with streptomycin or injecting plants with oxytetracycline can prevent new infections. That leads to antibiotic resistance. Spraying beneficial bacteria or yeast may also prevent fire blight from infecting new trees. The only effective treatment for plants already infected is to cut off the affected branches and dispose of them. 

Michael E. DeBakey

Michael Ellis DeBakey (September 7, 1908 – July 11, 2008) was an [lebanese] heart surgeon who was considered to be a very important name in his area. He was also among the early names of heart surgery.

DeBakey was born as Michel Dabaghi in Lake Charles, Louisiana on September 7, 1908. His parents were born in Lebanon, but moved to America before he was born.

DeBakey was involved with medicine from a young age and went to Tulane University. He held many medicine-related positions during his lifetime.

During World War II, DeBakey made wartime medicine much better than it used to be. He was for the idea of having doctors closer to the areas of battle in war, which worked very well and due to that, more badly hurt soldiers survived. Because of this, Mobile Army Surgical Hospitals (also known as MASH units) were made, and they were used during the Korean War.

In addition to MASH units, DeBakey made many important aspects to surgery, one of which was the roller pump, which DeBakey made at age 23 while still at Tulane University. This would later on make open-heart surgery able to be done, as roller pumps can make blood flow during surgery.

DeBakey worked with another important heart surgeon, Denton Cooley, but they had a disagreement related to the first artificial heart(a manmade heart) put in a human. They did not get along for a long time, but they went on good terms in 2007.

DeBakey did something rare by still practicing medicine in old age. People that he operated on included world leaders, such as Russian President Boris Yeltsin.

In 2005, a serious heart problem happened to DeBakey. Despite him having made the surgery for this problem, he, at first, did not want any surgery. As he got in worse condition, the surgical team had made the decision to perform surgery anyway. Once the surgery was done and he got in better health, DeBakey said that he was glad the surgery happened after all.

On July 11, 2008, DeBakey died of natural causes at age 99. His first wife, two of his sons, and a brother died before him, while his second wife, a daughter, two sons, and two sisters outlive him.


Fire Emblem

Fire Emblem is a series of video games made by Intelligent Systems. Nintendo began publishing the series on the NES console in 1990. The first six games were only released in Japan. Fire Emblem: The Blazing Sword was the first game to be released in North America and Europe. The series is a collection of turn-based strategy role-playing games. They used many characters going on a long journey to fight a common enemy.

In "Fire Emblem", the player moves units across a grid in turns. The player must deal with a challenge with each part in the story, for example, defeating all of the enemy units. A player may choose to fight, move, heal, or visit shops each turn. The battle system is made up of two units fighting each other with their selected weapon. Some weapons are better against others. For example, swords are better against axes. When units defeat others, they gain experience. This experience is used to "level up" the units and makes them stronger. A well known feature in "Fire Emblem" is that when a character is damaged very badly (loses all of their "hit points"), they can never be used in the game again.

Each "Fire Emblem" game is mainly set on a fictional continent, or a really large area. Some continents are used in more than one game. Six continents have been used in "Fire Emblem" so far.

The first six games were released only in Japan. Five out of the next six games were also released in the United States. A few of the games were also released for the Virtual Console on Wii.


Marth and Roy were special (unlockable) characters in the "Super Smash Bros. Melee" roster. Marth returned to "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" and Ike was added instead of Roy returning.

Caitlin

Caitlin[ keyt-lin ] is a female given name. It is a name of exquisite beauty that has enjoyed immense popularity for several decades. Its rich historical and cultural roots imbue it with great significance. The name Caitlin originates from Ireland and is derived from the Gaelic name Caitlín, which in turn is a variant of the name Catherine, meaning "pure" or "clear." This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards

Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards, known in Japan as , is a Nintendo 64 platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and Nintendo. It was later released on the Wii's Virtual Console in 2008 and the Wii U's Virtual Console in 2015. In the game, Kirby helps Ribbon use the power of the crystal to defeat Dark Matter. It introduces the concept of combining abilities. Kirby can combine two abilities to make a new one.


12 Angry Men

12 Angry Men is an American drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet. It is set in New York City and stars Henry Fonda and Reginald Rose. It was produced in 1957, and is based on a play by the same name also starring Reginald Rose. It's about 12 jurors having to decide whether a defendant is guilty or not, with only one person saying not guilty in the beginning and trying to convince everyone to vote the same.

The story is about 12 jurors having to vote on whether the defendant being tried for the murder of his father. The crime carries the death penalty, so they are deciding whether he lives or dies. At the beginning, only Juror #8 votes not guilty, and he tries to get everyone else to do the same. After a while, Juror #8 agrees to vote guilty if everyone votes guilty again, but Juror #9 votes not guilty, and they keep talking. Slowly, Juror #8 convinces more and more people to vote not guilty, with a few people fighting him strongly. In the end Juror #3 cracks under the pressure of the other jurors and they all end up voting not guilty.

BioShock

BioShock is a first person shooter/survival horror video game made by 2K Games for the Xbox 360, Windows, PlayStation 3, and Nintendo Switch video game consoles. A very famous video game, it got very good reviews and sold very well. The game's story is about a man who is in a plane crash in the Atlantic Ocean and finds a lighthouse in the middle of the sea, which takes him to an underwater city created by a man named Andrew Ryan called Rapture, which is home to many violent creatures called Splicers, who are people became insane because of mutation.

"BioShock" is set in the year 1960, in Rapture, a fictional underwater city. The player learns about Rapture by listening to voice recordings. Rapture was created by a man called Andrew Ryan, who did not like the political, economic, and religious powers that existed over land. He wanted Rapture to be a place where people could do and become whatever they wanted. The city was secretly built in 1946 on a mid-Atlantic seabed, using submarine volcanoes to give geothermal power. Scientific progress grew in Rapture because there were no governments or religious organizations that could put limits on research. This was how Ryan brought many brilliant scientists into the city. This led to fast developments in engineering and biotechnology. These scientists also discovered ADAM, stem cells harvested from an unknown species of sea slug, which were discovered by Dr. Bridgette Tenenbaum to have the ability to heal damaged tissue and rewrite the human genome. Tenenbaum joined with businessman and mobster Frank Fontaine to create the plasmid industry, which offered superhuman physical enhancements to its customers. Tenenbaum found that ADAM could be mass-produced by implanting the slugs in the stomachs of young girls ("Little Sisters"), taken from orphanages founded by Fontaine.

As time passed, the gap between rich and poor increased. Frank Fontaine created charity organizations to support the underclass. His goal was to use his charity organizations to manipulate the poor. He also made a smuggling operation to supply citizens with forbidden items from the surface, such as religious material. These, along with his control of the plasmid industry, made him immensely powerful. He tried to overthrow Ryan, but the revolt was violently crushed and Fontaine was said to be dead. Ryan seized control of Fontaine's plasmid business. Within a few months, a new figure named Atlas rose as the leader of the disgruntled lower class. On New Year's Eve of 1959, Atlas and his ADAM-infused followers began a new revolt against Ryan that spread throughout Rapture. Ryan in turn began splicing his own forces, and his paranoia had reached such a level he was hanging dozens of people, mostly innocent, in Rapture's main square. In order to solve ADAM shortages, the Little Sisters were mentally conditioned to wander the city and extract ADAM from the dead, recycling it into raw ADAM in their stomachs after swallowing it. "Big Daddies", enhanced and mentally sterilized humans in armored diving suits, were created by Dr. Suchong, the scientist behind many plasmids, to protect the Little Sisters in their work.
A drawback of ADAM is that a user must take regular infusions or suffer mental and physical problems. As the war hurt production and supply, every ADAM user in the city went violently insane. By the time the player arrives, only a handful of non-mutated humans survive in hideouts.

At the start of the game, player-character Jack is a passenger on a plane that goes down in the Atlantic Ocean in 1960, after ordered society in Rapture has collapsed. After surfacing, Jack finds himself the only survivor of the crash, and swims to a nearby lighthouse on an island, where he finds a bathysphere which he uses to sink into the ocean and enter the city of Rapture. An Irishman named Atlas uses the service radio found in the bathysphere to help Jack in making his way to safety. Meanwhile, Ryan, believing Jack to be an agent of a surface nation, uses Rapture's automated systems and his pheromone-controlled Splicers to try to kill Jack. Atlas tells Jack that the only way he can survive is to use the abilities granted by plasmids, and that he must kill the Little Sisters to extract their ADAM. Overhearing Atlas' words, Dr. Tenenbaum intercepts Jack, and urges him to save the Little Sisters instead, giving him a plasmid that will displace the embedded sea slugs in each Sister. Atlas says his wife and child have been hiding on a submarine and directs Jack towards it. Just as Jack and Atlas reach the bay where it is located, Ryan has it destroyed; an angry Atlas asks Jack to kill Ryan.

Eventually, after completing tasks like saving an artificial forest from dying and helping an insane artist build his sculpture, Jack confronts Ryan in his office, who is playing golf. Ryan reveals a truth that he has pieced together. He is Ryan's illegitimate son by an affair with Jasmine Jolene, a dancer. When Jolene became pregnant with Jack, she, in desperate need of money, had her embryo surgically removed and sold it to the highest bidder. She had not realized it was Frank Fontaine who purchased the son, leading to her death by an angry Ryan. Ryan further reveals that, after purchasing Jack's embryo, Fontaine made him to obey orders when he is told "Would you kindly..." Jack was then sent to the surface when the war started to put him beyond Ryan's reach. When the conflict between Fontaine and Ryan reached a stalemate, Jack was sent instructions to board a flight with a package and to use its contents, a revolver, to hijack and crash the plane near the lighthouse, enabling him to return to Rapture as a tool of Fontaine. Because Jack was Ryan's son, he could freely use Rapture's bathysphere network, which had been locked out to everyone except those within Ryan's "genetic ballpark". Finally, Ryan has Jack kill him, wanting to die on his own terms. With Ryan's death, Jack realizes too late that Atlas has also been using the trigger phrase to control him. Atlas reveals himself as Fontaine, who faked his death to throw Ryan off his trail and take control of the city, leaving Jack at the mercy of the reactivated security systems. Dr. Tenenbaum and her Little Sisters help Jack escape through the vent system, where he falls and loses consciousness.

When Jack awakens, Dr. Tenenbaum has already turned off the trigger phrase. When it becomes clear to Fontaine that he is losing control of Jack, Fontaine points out the fact that Tenenbaum has survived both World War II as a Holocaust victim and the battle in Rapture, hinting that she has a secret agenda of her own. With the help of the Little Sisters, Jack is able to track down Fontaine. Fontaine, having been cornered, injects himself with huge amounts of ADAM and becomes an monster. Jack battles Fontaine, eventually beating and allowing the Little Sisters to take the ADAM from Fontaine, killing him.

Three endings are possible depending on how the player interacted with the Little Sisters, all narrated by Dr. Tenenbaum. If the player harvested "no" Little Sisters (thereby saving their lives), the ending shows five Little Sisters returning to the surface with Jack and living full lives under his care, including their graduating from college, getting married, and having children; it ends on a heart-warming tone, with an elderly Jack surrounded on his deathbed by all five of the adult Little Sisters.

If the player harvested (and thereby killed) "all" or almost all of the Little Sisters, the game ends with Jack turning on the Sisters after defeating Fontaine, presumably killing them all and taking their ADAM. Tenenbaum narrates what occurred, angry Jack and his actions, voice thick with anger. Later in the second ending, a "George Washington"-class submarine carrying nuclear missiles comes across the wreckage of the plane and is suddenly surrounded by bathyspheres containing Splicers. The Splicers kill all hands aboard the submarine and take control of it.

If the player killed more than one Little Sister, but not enough to obtain the previous ending, the ending is the same to the second one, but the tone of Tenenbaum's voice is a sad one, as opposed to angry and there are minor dialogue changes.

In the game, the player fights enemies using weapons and plasmids (powers that the player gets from gathering ADAM). Each weapon (except for the wrench) has three different kinds of ammunition with different effects. The special ammunition is more powerful against certain kinds of enemies, but they are more expensive and hard to find. Including shooting lighting bolts, shooting fire, and lifting objects without touching them. Some plasmids are found in the game world, but most must be bought and upgraded at special vending machines. The player gets ADAM by harvesting or rescuing Little Sisters, but before the player can do that, the player must kill the Big Daddies protecting them. Big Daddies are hard to kill and they can kill the player quickly, but most Big Daddies will never attack the player unless the player attacks them first. The player can use this to plan and prepare their attack. After the Big Daddy is killed, its Little Sister will come to check on the Big Daddy. At this point, the player can either harvest or rescue the Little Sister. Harvesting the Little Sister will give the player more ADAM and the player can therefore buy more plasmids, skills, and upgrades. However, if the player harvests too many Little Sisters, the player will get one of the bad endings. If the player rescues Little Sisters, the player will get less ADAM, but will get other rewards if the player rescues a certain number of Little Sisters.

How often the player can use plasmids depends on how much EVE the player has. The player has both both a health and an EVE bar. If the player loses all their EVE, then the player cannot use plasmids. The player will then need to look for items that will refill the player's EVE bar.

Throughout the game, the player will interact with many kinds of machines. Some machines give you items, like vending machines and safes, and others are enemies that attack you, such as security cameras, robots, and turrets. The player can hack all of these machines, and doing so will make buying items cheaper and give you extra items. If the machines are enemies, the player can use electricity to stun machines and hack them. If the player succeeds, then these machines will help the player fight enemies. To hack machines, the player will need to solve a puzzle. The puzzle is about connecting pipes so that a liquid can go from one place to another. If the player fails the puzzle, either the player loses health or security robots will attack the player.

Notes

Dilemma

A dilemma (Greek δί-λημμα "double proposition") is when two solutions or possibilities are present. If both solutions are undesirable or impossible, this may put a person on the horns of a dilemma, neither outcome is comfortable.

The dilemma is sometimes put as a choice "you must accept either A, or B". Here A and B are each leading to some undesirable conclusion. 

In formal logic, the definition of a dilemma differs from everyday usage. Two options are still present, but choosing between them is immaterial because they both imply the same conclusion. Symbolically expressed thus:

formula_1

This can be translated informally as "one (or both) of A or B is known to be true, but they both imply C, so regardless of the truth values of A and B we can conclude C."

Horned dilemmas can present more than two choices. The number of choices of horned dilemmas can be used in their alternative names, such as two-pronged (two-horned) or dilemma proper, or three-pronged (three-horned) or trilemma, and so on.

Constructive dilemmas

Destructive dilemmas

In "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance," Robert Pirsig outlines possible responses to a dilemma. The classical responses are to either choose one of the two horns and refute the other or alternatively to refute both horns by showing that there are additional choices. Pirsig then mentions three illogical or rhetorical responses. One can "throw sand in the bull's eyes" by, for example, questioning the competence of the questioner. One can "sing the bull to sleep" by, for example, stating that the answer to the question is beyond one's own humble powers and asking the questioner for help. Finally one can "refuse to enter the arena" by, for example, stating that the question is unanswerable.


Dilemma (disambiguation)

Dilemma has several meanings:

Royal Society (disambiguation)

The Royal Society may mean:

Royal Society may also refer to :

Hapkido

Hapkido () is a Korean martial art.

To simple sight it is a combination of techniques of taekwondo with others of aikibudo. Its teaching is very much focused to the self-defence.

The history of hapkido is enough confused, but many resources believe it to be the work of two Koreans: Choi Yong Sul (1904-1986) and Ji Han Jae (1936-). When was child, Choi had been in Japan, where it seems that he worked as servant for the master of Daito ryu Aiki jutsu, Sokaku Takeda.

Choi had demonstrated qualities in Daito-ryu Aiki-jutsu and often in Takeda they sent him in order to face with other persons who performed martial arts. From his return to Korea, Choi had begun to give classes of martial arts. One of his students, Ji Han Jae, had made Korean traditional techniques of kicks and punches (obtained from taekkyon and from hwarangdo) a part of the collection of techniques and in result he gave it the name of hapkido in the 1959.

Besides of Choi and Ji, many schools of Korean martial arts have taken part in the development of several techniques that have helped in causing such hapkido as it is known it.


The Royal Society

The Royal Society is a society for science and scientists. It was founded in 1660 by Charles II. It is the oldest society of its kind still in existence.

A Royal Charter, on 15 July 1662, created "The Royal Society of London".

Lord Brouncker was the first President, and Robert Hooke was Curator of Experiments. The reigning monarch has always been the patron of the Royal Society since its foundation.

The motto of the Royal Society is "Nullius in Verba" (Latin: nothing in words). This shows the Society's commitment to establishing scientific truth through experiment rather than by quoting authority.

Although this seems obvious today, the philosophical basis of the Royal Society differed from previous philosophies such as scholasticism, which established scientific truth based on deductive logic, concordance with divine providence and the citation of such ancient authorities as Aristotle.

The members of the society are called Fellows of the Royal Society, and put the letters FRS after their names. There are usually about 1600 of them. They are elected by existing Fellows. All other posts, such as the Secretary and President, are also by election.


Data from Royal Society website.

The Society's 15 Sections are administered by the permanent staff, led by the Executive Secretary, Stephen Cox CVO. The Executive Secretary is supported by the Senior Managers of the Society, including:

The Society bestows ten medals, seven awards (prizes) and nine prize lectureships variously annually, biennially or triennially, according to the terms of reference for each award. The Society also runs The Aventis Prizes for Science Books.








West Midlands

West Midlands may mean either:


Fons, Ardèche

Fons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Freyssenet

Freyssenet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Gluiras

Gluiras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. It is mostly known for its food.


Gourdon, Ardèche

Gourdon is a commune in of the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

You Am I

You Am I is a band from Sydney, Australia. It started in 1989 and plays alternative rock music. You Am I is famous for its lead singer Tim Rogers, for having lots of albums at number one on the ARIA Charts, and for their live music.

Italian Grand Prix

The Italian Grand Prix ("Gran Premio d'Italia") is one of the longest running motor racing events. The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was on September 4, 1921 at Brescia. Now the race is run at the Monza track instead. This track was built in 1922 and was used for almost all other races from then on.

The Italian Grand Prix counted toward the European Championship from 1935 to 1938.

The Italian Grand Prix was one of the first Formula One championship races in 1950. It and has been held every year since then. The only other championship race like this is the British Grand Prix.

After winning the 2006 Italian Grand Prix, Michael Schumacher announced his retirement from Formula 1. It was the end of the 2006 season. Kimi Räikkönen took over from him at Ferrari for the 2007 season.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of any championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Grand Prix Championship."
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of any championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Grand Prix Championship."
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Between 1997–2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>***</nowiki> Built by Porsche

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of any championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.


Vodafone

Vodafone is a mobile phone network operator. Its headquarters are in Newbury, Berkshire, England. It is the largest mobile phone network company in the world; it has a market value of about £75 billion (June 2008).

Bratz

Bratz is an American product line of fashion dolls and merchandise manufactured by MGA Entertainment. Bratz reached great success and the original line of dolls was expanded with a number of spin-offs like Bratz Kidz, and Bratz Babyz, as well as media featuring the Bratz characters, including a Web series, movie, TV series, music albums and video games. In 2005, global sales were two billion dollars and by 2006 Bratz had about forty percent of the fashion-doll market.

There have been a number of animated Bratz direct-to-video movies. "Bratz Go to Paris: The Movie" is a re-release of the three "Bratz" episodes where the Bratz go to Paris. "Bratz Babyz Save Christmas", originally released in 2008, was re-released in 2013 as "Bratz Babyz Save Christmas: The Movie". "Bratz: The Movie" from 2007 is the only live-action Bratz feature film. It was co-produced by MGA Entertainment. The plot involves the four Bratz girls starting high school. It received overwhelmingly negative reviews from fans and critics; the Rotten Tomatoes consensus reads: "Full of mixed messages and dubious role-models, "Bratz" is too shallow even for its intended audience."




In August 2015, a new stop-motion web series premiered on YouTube. MGAE confirmed there would be 10 episodes for the first season.

Season 1




Game engine

A game engine is a tool box that carries all the necessary equipment needed to rapidly build a consistent world just like the real world. For example, in real life you would expect an apple to fall to the floor if you let it go from your hand. Game makers use game engines to apply similar rules into their games which allow consistency across their game.

Game engines help game creators make rules for their games, which is also known as game logic. 

The rendering engine creates the 3D images found in video games; most rendering engines rely on dedicated graphics tools and applications to complete these functions. To put it simply, graphics applications like , OpenGL, or streamline the difficult process of dealing directly with the computers graphics processing unit , the component of the computer that handles the display of images. 

The Audio Engine components of the Game Engine incorporates algorithms related to loading and modifying audio input and output. Audio engine’s allow developers to load sound onto the game by decompressing and playing audio files to simulate game sound. Possibilities are endless, an example of how complex audio engine’s can expand is the idea of a doppler effect. Doppler effects can be represented as echoes, pitch/amplitude adjustments, and oscillations.

Is responsible for emulating realistic laws of physics within the application. This consists of a set of functions for simulating physical forces and collisions. Which acts on various objects within the application during run time. 

Artificial Intelligence is implemented into different parts of the main game program. For example, in player vs player video games, AI is used to create bots players can play against.


Mitsubishi Motors

Mitsubishi Motors is the part of the Japanese company Mitsubishi that makes cars. It is based in Tokyo, Japan. Mitsubishi Motors started in 1970. Mitsubishi started making cars in 1917. After World War II, a Mitsubishi executive wanted a separate division to make cars. Mitsubishi was owned by Chrysler until 1992. Chrysler sold Mitsubishi cars in the United States in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. The two companies owned Diamond-Star Motors until 1995, when Mitsubishi owned all of the factory. The first Mitsubishis in the U.S. were sold by Chrysler as Dodge Colts, Plymouth Sapporos, and Dodge Stealths. 1870


Autodromo Nazionale Monza

Autodromo Nazionale Monza is a motorsport race track. It is near the town of Monza, Italy, north of Milan. It is one of the oldest motor racing tracks in the world.

It was built in 1922, and has been used for the Italian Grand Prix almost every year since.

Abe Vigoda

Abe Vigoda (February 24, 1921 – January 26, 2016) was an actor in both television and movie. His most well known roles are playing mobster Sal Tessio in the movies "The Godfather" and "", and playing Detective Phil Fish on television shows "Barney Miller" and "Fish", "Fish" having been a spinoff of "Barney Miller".

In 1982, "People" magazine said that Vigoda had died, even though he did not. Vigoda took the error with a sense of humor, even appearing in a picture where he was in a coffin, holding said magazine. Since then, the false death information, as well as the question to whether Vigoda is dead or alive, has been used as a joke sometimes on various television shows and internet websites.

Vigoda died in his sleep under hospice care at his daughter's home in Woodland Park, New Jersey from complications of an illness on January 26, 2016 at the age of 94.


924 Gilman Street

The 924 Gilman Street project, used to be called the Alternative Music Foundation, is the Berkeley, California street address and official business name of the all-ages, non-profit, music club called "Gilman." 


Big Bird

Big Bird (he/they) is a muppet character on the children's television show "Sesame Street". He is a big, yellow, non-binary bird-like theropod. Unlike most other muppets, they are a full-body muppet, meaning that the person controlling him is completely inside the costume. The person who played the role of Big Bird was Caroll Spinney from 1969 to 2018. In 2018, Caroll Spinney retired, and Matt Vogel started playing the LGBT icon full time.

Hercules: The Legendary Journeys

Hercules: The Legendary Journeys is an American cult television series. It aired from January 16 1995 until November 22 1999. The series was created in 1995 by writer-producers Christian Willians under his production tag, "Pacific Renaissance Pictures LTD" with later co-executive producers being Sam Raimi, Robert Tapert, John Schulian and R. J. Stewart, the series is a Spin-off from the TV movies series aired in 1994, "Hercules and the Amazon Women", "Hercules and the Lost Kingdom", "Hercules and the Circle of Fire", "Hercules in the Underworld", and "Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur", the last of which served mostly as a "clip show" of the previous movies as a lead up to the series, was very loosely based on the tales of the classical Greek culture hero Hercules. It ran for six seasons, producing action figures and other memorabilia as it became one of the highest rated syndicated shows in television history.

The series is set in a fantasy version of ancient Greece not precisely located in historical time. Although set in ancient Greece, the show also has a mixture of Oriental, Egyptian and Medieval elements in various episodes. The show stars Kevin Sorbo as Hercules and regularly features Michael Hurst as his sidekick Iolaus. Robert Trebor often rotates with Iolaus as Hercules' other sidekick, Salmoneus.

Typical plot lines involve Hercules and Iolaus, or Salmoneus, saving rustic villagers from monsters, evil warlords or the often selfish whims of the gods. In the earlier episodes, as mentioned in the show's opening title, Hercules' main nemesis is his evil stepmother Hera, who seeks to destroy Hercules using various monsters, because he is a reminder of her husband Zeus' infidelity. As the series progressed, a wider range of enemies was used; notably, the malicious Ares, god of war, replaced Hera as the show's primary antagonist. Towards the end of the series Ares is himself replaced by the evil god, Dahak, who is the main villain in the show's fifth season and sets off a story arc that has Hercules traveling to Sumeria, Norseland and Éire. Although Zeus, Hercules' father, is frequently cited by Hercules as a neglectful father, Zeus' love for Hercules is well-documented in the show. Indeed, Hercules is often referred to as "the favorite son of Zeus". Zeus makes several appearances on the show, even saving his son's life and restoring his superhuman strength on one occasion when he needs it the most. Hercules, for his own part, is always there for Zeus when his father needs him, and in the end, Hercules reconciles with his father and buries whatever issues he has with the father he has come to understand and love.

The show had a successful spin-off, "", with which it shared recurring characters such as Ares, Autolycus, aforementioned Salmoneus, Aphrodite and Callisto. Both shows, although produced in New Zealand using mostly local actors who strove for American accents, were syndicated worldwide.

Hercules is the world's greatest hero. The son of Zeus, King of the Gods and the mortal woman Alcmene, Hercules uses his divine strength in the aid of all people. His father was never really there for him and Hercules looked on the centaur Ceridan, who was his master at the academy as a father figure. Despite this, there are many who wish him dead. Most notably, Hera, Queen of the Gods and the wife of Zeus, she despises Hercules because he is a testament to Zeus' infidelity and has tried to destroy Hercules and his loved ones at every opportunity. Despite the many tragedies that have befallen him, not least of which both of his wives being killed, Hercules continued to be a force of good in the world. Hercules is played by American actor Kevin Sorbo.

Iolaus has been Hercules' best friend for many years ever since they met at Cheiron's academy. A former thief, Iolaus has long since repented his unlawful ways and is now a permanent force for good. His happy-go-lucky attitude makes him a popular guy, especially among the ladies, but Iolaus has had more than his fair share of tragedy. Not only did he lose his wife Anya and their children to mysterious circumstances, but Iolaus himself has been killed three times. The first two times Hercules brought him back without too much hassle, but the third time was more complicated. In saving Nebula, Iolaus was killed by the treacherous Gilgamesh and Dahak took Iolaus' body as his own. Hercules teamed up with Zarathrusta to defeat Dahak and Iolaus was allowed to become a Servant of the Light in Heaven. Iolaus broke his pact with the angels however, in warning Hercules of Michael's plan to unleash the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse on the world. As punishment Iolaus was deprived of his status of Servant of the Light, but allowed to return to Earth to fight at Hercules' side. Iolaus is played by actors Michael Hurst and Dean O'Gorman.




"Anchor Bay Entertainment" has released all 6 seasons of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" as well as all TV-Movies on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time. The first two-season box sets are not closed-captioned, even though the original release of episodes on TV was.


Nimrod (album)

Nimrod is the fifth album by the punk rock band Green Day. It was released on October 14, 1997 on Reprise Records.

Insomniac (album)

Insomniac is the fourth studio album from the punk rock band Green Day.

Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album

The Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album is an award given to recording artists for quality albums in the alternative rock genre at the Grammy Awards. The Grammy Awards were established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony each year by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position".

The definition of "alternative" has been debated. The award was first presented in 1991 to recognize non-mainstream rock albums "heavily played on college radio stations". According to the academy, the award is presented to "vocal or instrumental alternative music albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded music". The academy defines "alternative" as a "non-traditional" genre that exists "outside of the mainstream music consciousness". In 1991, and from 1994 to 1999, the award was known as Best Alternative Music Performance. Beginning in 2001, award recipients included the producers, engineers, and/or mixers associated with the nominated work in addition to the recording artists.

As of 2011, Radiohead and The White Stripes share the record for the most wins in this category, having won three times each. Radiohead's lead singer, Thom Yorke, was also nominated for the 2007 award for his solo album. Beck and Coldplay have each received the award twice, the latter being the only group to win two years in a row. American artists have been presented with the award more than any other nationality, though it has been presented to musicians or groups from the United Kingdom five times, from Ireland twice, and from France once. Female musicians Tori Amos and Björk hold the record for the most nominations without a win, with five each.

 Each year is linked to the article about the Grammy Awards held that year.




Rock opera

Rock operas, concept albums, song cycles and oratorios all are not the same from a rock album, which usually has songs that are unrelated to each other in storyline. Bands such as Nightwish and Green Day use rock opera in their music.

Grammy Award for Record of the Year

The Record of the Year is one of the four most special Grammy Awards given every year. It has been awarded since 1959.

Ole Gunnar Solskjær

Ole Gunnar Solskjær (born 26 February 1973 in Kristiansund) is a Norwegian former football manager and former player. He was most recently the manager of Premier League club Manchester United. He played most of his career for Manchester United. He also used to play for the Norway national team.

Solskjær played for Molde FK and Clausenlengen before he went to England.

Solskjær joined Manchester United in 1996. He played 366 games for the club and scored 126 goals. In 1999, he scored four goals in twelve minutes against Nottingham Forest, "the fastest scorer of a four-goal haul on record in England".

With Manchester United, Solskjær won the Premier League six times and the FA Cup twice. He scored the winning goal in the 1999 Champions League Final.

He became the coach of the Manchester United Reserve team, and then, In 2011, he got the job as head coach for Molde FK, the club he left to join Manchester United. He was appointed as head coach for Manchester United after José Mourinho was sacked in November 2018.

151||146||||||||||||||151||146
235||91||30||8||11||7||81||20||357||126
286||237||30||8||11||7||81||20||508||272

!Total||67||23

Grammy Award for Best Rock Album

The Grammy Award for Best Rock Album has been awarded since 1995. Below is the list of awards, given for musical works created in the previous year.


Boulevard of Broken Dreams

"Boulevard of Broken Dreams" might mean:




Boulevard of Broken Dreams (Green Day song)

"Boulevard of Broken Dreams" is a song by Green Day. Green Day is an American punk rock band. The song is from their seventh studio album, "American Idiot" (2004). It is the second single from the album. Billie Joe Armstrong wrote the words for the song.

The song is about Jesus of Suburbia (the protagonist of "American Idiot") walking down a road after "Holiday". Many consider "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" to be one of the best songs written by Green Day. It has received many awards, such as the Grammy Award for Record of the Year. It was number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Vallejo, California

Vallejo ( or in English; in the original Spanish) is a city in Solano County, California, United States. It is on the shore of San Pablo Bay.

George Best

George Best (22 May 1946 – 25 November 2005) was a Northern Irish footballer. He played as a winger. Best played most of his club career at Manchester United. Best is said to be one of the best players in the history of the sport. He was named European Footballer of the Year in 1968 and came fifth in the FIFA Player of the Century vote. Best received praise for his playing style. It combined pace, skill, balance, feints, goalscoring and the ability to get past defenders. In Belfast, where Best was born, they named the airport after him.

Both of Best's marriages ended in divorce. He was married to Angie Best from 1978-1986; the couple had a son, Calum Best. George Best was married to Alex Best from 1995-2004.

Best was an alcoholic. He had a liver transplant in 2003. He died of a lung infection and multiple organ failure in London.


John Kiffmeyer

John Kiffmeyer (born July 11, 1969) also known as Al Sobrante is an American drummer. He was the first drummer for the punk rock band Green Day. He has also been the drummer for Isocracy. He got his nickname from the fact he is from El Sobrante (California).

Lookout! Records

Lookout! Records is an independent record label based in Berkeley, California.

Larry Livermore

Larry Livermore (born 1947) is an American musician, record producer, and music journalist. He is best known as the founder of Lookout! Records.

1,000 Hours

1,000 Hours is the first release from American punk rock band Green Day and the first of several releases for the independent record label Lookout! Records.


Young Hercules

Young Hercules is a spin-off from "". It was aired on FOX Kids Network from September 12, 1998 to May 12, 1999. It lasted only one season with 50 episodes, and starred Ryan Gosling, replacing Ian Bohen from the pilot movie as the title character. Ian Bohen was offered the part, but opted not to spend an entire year in New Zealand where the series would shoot principal photography.

The show features the efforts of Ares, the god of war, played by Kevin Smith, who attempts often to destroy his younger half-brother to win over Zeus' good graces. Among his group is his nephew Strife (Joel Tobeck), who is the rather weaker member of the team. Strife's partner is Discord, goddess of retribution (Meighan Desmond), who acts more level-headed and power hungry than her counterpart on more than one occasion.

The storyline follows Hercules (Ryan Gosling) as he attends Cheiron's Academy to train in the arts of the warrior under the wise headmaster Chiron the Centaur (Nathaniel Lees). He makes friends with the future king of Corinth, the prince Jason (Chris Conrad) and a thieving former member of a bandit group Iolaus (Dean O'Gorman) who was sentenced to the training academy as an alternative to prison for his crimes. Hercules also meets the academy's first female cadet, Lilith (Jodie Rimmer). Other characters of interest include Kora, the Inn Keeper, who unknown to Hercules and his friends, is a devotee of Artemis, Goddess of the Hunt. As the series develops, Kora is revealed to have special powers which allow her to do Artemis' bidding. There are hints of romance between Hercules and Kora, although their friendship keeps it all innocent.

The overall plot of the show is to fill in any of the gaps that may exist between the version of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" and the episodes that transpire from his young adult life, although very loosely due to its continuity errors by neglecting the "Young Hercules" movie and the flashback episodes of the fourth season of "Hercules".


Sweet Baby

Sweet Baby (also known as Sweetbabyjesus) was a pop punk group. They formed in Berkeley, California, and was part of the 924 Gilman Street scene. They were signed to Ruby Records. 

East Bay

The East Bay is a subregion of the San Francisco Bay Area, California, United States.

East Bay's largest employers are:


Liberation theology

Liberation theology is a movement within the theology of Christianity. It is particularly active in the Roman Catholic Church. The Jesuits are one of the orders who also follow it. Liberation Theology aims to help the poor people in the world. Often, its ideas are strongly coupled and influenced by those of Socialism and Marxism.

Promotion and relegation

Promotion and relegation are terms used in many sports. 

Being promoted means moving up a league to one of a higher status. This usually happens when a team wins their league. Relegation normally happens to the team(s) at the bottom of the league at the end of the competition. They are moved down a league to one of a lower status.

For example:

Scottish Cup

The Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup (usually known as the Scottish Cup) is the national football cup competition of Scotland. The trophy is the oldest football national trophy in the world.

The Scottish Cup started in the 1873-74 season, and 16 teams played to try to win it. The trophy was first won by Queen's Park when they beat Clydesdale 2–0 in the final in front of a crowd of 3,000 people. While the FA Cup is the oldest cup competition in the world, the trophy awarded to the Scottish Cup winners is the oldest trophy, being minted in 1885.

Setanta Sports

Setanta Sports () is an Irish sports broadcaster, operating 12 channels in 24 countries. Setanta Sports was formed in 1990.

Setanta covers various sports including golf, rugby and football.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 2

This is a list of the results from the second cycle of the reality television series "America's Next Top Model".


Crissiumal

Crissiumal is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. It has a population of 14,726 people (2007 – IBGE). It has a river border with Argentina along the Uruguay River. 

In sports, Crissiumal is known as "The land of goalkeepers". This is because it was the home of several goalkeepers. The most known of them is Taffarel, who played in the Brazilian Soccer Team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup, in Italy.

The economy of Crissiumal is based on small rural properties. Crissiumal is one of the greatest Brazilian milk producers. It has a daily production of about 70,000 liters of milk.

Emmaus

Emmaus is a place in named in the Bible, where Jesus had supper with two followers. These two people met Jesus after his Resurrection. The two disciples walked together on the road. Jesus started walking together with them. But they never recognized Jesus. They started to tell him what happened in Jerusalem, when Jesus was crucified. Jesus continued walking with them until they got to a village called Emmaus. They started eating supper. The two disciples still did not recognize Jesus. But when Jesus blessed the food amnd broke the bread they recognized him. When they did recognize him, he vanished.

The event is described according to the Gospel of Luke (Luke 24:13-16...28-31):
That very day two of them were going to a village (one hundred and) sixty stadia away from Jerusalem called Emmaus, and they were speaking about all the things that had occurred. And it happened that while they were speaking and debating, Jesus himself drew near and walked with them, but their eyes were prevented from recognizing him … As they approached the village to which they were going, he gave the impression that he was going on farther. But they urged him, ‘Stay with us, for it is nearly evening and the day is declining.’ So he went in to stay with them. And it happened that, while he was with them at table, he took bread, said the blessing, broke it, and gave it to them. With that their eyes were opened and they recognized him.

According to a very ancient Christian tradition, Emmaus is today's Arab village of Amwas, which lies 160 stadia (30 km, 19 miles) to the West of Jerusalem. It can take 6 to 7 hours to come from Jerusalem to Emmaus on foot, if one walks across the mountains of Judea. The place was called Nicopolis during the 3d-7th centuries AD. During Byzantine times, two big Basilicas (churches) where built here with beautiful mosaics and a baptistry (a place for baptism).
Many manuscripts of the Gospel of Luke have a shorter distance between Jerusalem and Emmaus: 60 stadia (12 km, 7 miles). It is this distance which is found in modern printed Bibles. During the Crusader and Renaissance times many Christians, traveling to the Holy Land, were looking for Emmaus at the distance of 7 miles from Jerusalem. That's why several villages which lie 12 km away from Jerusalem were thought to be Emmaus. Even today one can find three Emmaus in the Holy Land: Emmaus Nicopolis, Qubeibe and Abu-Gosh!



Alexander III of Scotland

Alexander III (Mediaeval Gaelic: "Alaxandair mac Alaxandair"; Modern Gaelic: "Alasdair mac Alasdair"), King of Scots, was born at Roxburgh on 4 September 1241 and died on 19 March, 1286. 

He was the only son of Alexander II with his second wife, Marie de Coucy. Alexander's father died on 6 July 1249 and he officially became king at the age of eight. This happened at Scone on 13 July, 1249.

Gras

Gras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Suceava County

Suceava () is a county (judeţ) of Romania in the historical regions Moldavia and Bukovina. The capital of Suceava County is Suceava.
Suceava County has an area of 8,553 km².

The west side of the county has many mountains from the Eastern Carpathians group. These are the "Rodna Mountains", the "Rarău Mountains", the "Giumalău Mountains" and the three "Obcine". The county is lower in the east, with the lowest point in the Siret River valley.

The county contains the Siret River and some of its tributaries. This means that they run into the Siret River. These tributaries are the Moldova River, the Suceava River and the Bistriţa River.


Suceava County has 5 municipalities, 11 towns and 98 communes.




In 2002, it had a population of 688,435. The population density was 80.5/km².

These are the nationalities of the people who live in Suceava County.

This is how the population of Suceava County has changed over the last 60 years.

The predominant industries in the county are:

There are also metals that are mined in the mountains.

Labastide-de-Virac

Labastide-de-Virac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Labastide-sur-Bésorgues

Labastide-sur-Bésorgues is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Greek numerals

Greek numerals are a system of representing numbers using letters of the Greek alphabet. They are also known by the names "Milesian numerals", "Alexandrian numerals", or "alphabetic numerals". In modern Greece, they are still in use for ordinal numbers, and in much of the same way that Roman numerals are in the West; for ordinary (cardinal) numbers, Arabic numerals are used.

At first, before it was used more, the Greek alphabet, Linear A and Linear B had used a different system with symbols for 1, 10, 100, 1000 and 10000 operating with the following formula: | = 1, – = 10, ◦ = 100, ¤ = 1000, ☼ = 10000.

The earliest alphabet-related system of numerals used with the Greek letters was a set of the acrophonic Attic numerals, operating much like Roman numerals (which derived from this scheme), with the following formula: Ι = 1, Γ = 5, Δ = 10, ΓΔ = 50, Η = 100, ΓΗ = 500, Χ = 1000, ΓΧ = 5000, Μ = 10000 and ΓΜ = 50000.

The acrophonic system was replaced by a new alphabetic system, sometimes called the Ionic numeral system, from the 4th century BC. Each unit (1, 2, …, 9) was assigned a separate letter, each tens (10, 20, …, 90) a separate letter, and each hundreds (100, 200, …, 900) a separate letter. This requires 27 letters, so the 24-letter Greek alphabet was extended by using three obsolete letters: fau ϝ, (also used are sigma ϛ or, in modern Greek, ΣΤ) for 6, koppa ϟ for 90, and sampi ϡ for 900. To distinguish numerals from letters they are followed by the "keraia" (Greek "—insect antenna"), a symbol similar to an acute sign (Unicode U+0374).

Fau (also spelled vau, pronounced wow) may also be called digamma. The two are the same in meaning, and either symbol may be used to represent the number 6. 

This alphabetic system operates on the additive principle in which the numeric values of the letters are added together to form the total. For example, 241 is represented as ΣΜΑʹ (200 + 40 + 1).

To represent numbers from 1,000 to 999,999 the same letters are reused to serve as thousands, tens of thousands, and hundreds of thousands. A "left keraia" (Unicode U+0375, ‘Greek Lower Numeral Sign’) is put in front of thousands to distinguish.
The Greeks also used the to denote 10,000 (Μʹ) and the myriad myriad for one hundred million (ΜΜʹ).


Harlan Ellison

Harlan Jay Ellison (May 27, 1934 – June 27, 2018) was an award-winning American writer of short stories, novellas, teleplays, essays, and criticism. His most famous work is in the science fiction area, where he won many Hugo and Nebula awards.

Ellison died from cardiac arrest on June 27, 2018 at his Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles home, aged 84.


Hebrew numerals

The system of Hebrew numerals is a quasi-decimal alphabetic numeral system using the letters of the Hebrew alphabet.

In this system, zero does not have a place, and the number values for each letter are added together. Each unit (1, 2, ..., 9) is assigned a separate letter, each tens (10, 20, ..., 90) a separate letter, and each hundreds (100, 200, ..., 900) a separate letter.

Hebrew has masculine and feminine ways of saying the words. For just counting, feminine is used. Otherwise, the gender is used (ex. two boys, two girls).

George R. R. Martin

George Raymond Richard Martin (born George Raymond Martin; September 20, 1948), often called GRRM, is an American writer of fantasy, horror, and science fiction. He is best known for his "A Song of Ice and Fire" series. HBO made the series into a TV series called "Game of Thrones".


Dying of the Light

Dying of the Light is a 1977 science fiction book that was written by George R. R. Martin. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1978, and was published by Simon & Schuster

Windhaven

Windhaven is a science-fiction and fantasy book that was written by George R.R. Martin and Lisa Tuttle. The book is about events that take place in a fictional space colony called Windhaven. The novel is a collection of short stories. Simon & Schuster collected the stories and published them for the first time in 1981. Bantam Spectra published it again in hardcover in 2001 and in mass market paperback in 2003.

Fevre Dream

Fevre Dream is a book written by George R. R. Martin in 1982. The book was first published in the US by Poseidon Press in 1982. It was notably reprinted by Orion Books in 2001 as volume 13 of their Fantasy Masterworks series.

ChatZilla

ChatZilla is an IRC client made by Mozilla that is free of charge. It is programmed in JavaScript and XUL. Its first public release date was in 2001. The latest stable version (0.9.86) was made in 2009. It is licensed under MPL, GPL, and LGPL.



A Song of Ice and Fire

A Song of Ice and Fire is an award-winning series of fantasy novels written by George R. R. Martin. He began writing the series in 1991. Five books were released in the series and two were unfinished. It was translated into over twenty languages and is a best-seller, with the fourth volume reaching the top of the "New York Times" bestseller lists when it came out. A fictional language, "Dothraki", was introduced for the series. It was adapted into the Home Box Office television series "Game of Thrones".


Great Bernera

(Great) Bernera (Gaelic: Bearnaraigh (Mòr)) is an island in the Outer Hebrides in Scotland. 

Hercules and the Amazon Women

Hercules and the Amazon Women is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo and Michael Hurst. This movie is loosely based on the labor of Hercules to get the Golden Girdle. Here instead of getting the Golden Girdle, he faces the Amazon women who are plaguing the men in their area. Hippolyte like in the Marvel comics and mythology falls in love with Hercules. But unlike in the myth, Hippolyte befriends Hercules.

Three men are walking through the woods, they hear strange noises and catch glimpses of something moving in the undergrowth. Suddenly they are attacked by unseen creatures. Two men are killed, but one escapes and flees the woods.

Hercules strolls into a village after returning from one of his adventures, and is greeted by Iolaus. It is established that Iolaus is getting married and that Hercules is the best man. The two men set off for Alcmene's house. While walking through the woods, they reminisce that it has been a long time since they last saw each other. Iolaus tells Hercules about his bride-to-be, Ania. They stumble upon a little girl crying alone near an altar. She tells them that a monster killed her father while they were placing an offering to the goddess. Hercules tries to comfort the girl and asks if he can help, but the girl transforms into a monster. Hercules chops off its head, thinking it is now dead, Hercules and Iolaus begin walking away. They hear a noise and turn around to see that the monster is not dead, but has now grown two new heads in the place where the previous one was. The monster is a Hydra. Hercules tells Iolaus to grab the torch from the altar, Hercules cuts off the heads and burns the Hydra, preventing it from growing new heads, thus killing it. After the Hydra is destroyed a peacock feather remains in its place, Hercules tells Iolaus that Hera is responsible for the Hydra.

Hercules and Iolaus finally reach his mother's house, after a short chat with Alcmene, Iolaus invites them both for dinner, then leaves. Later on that evening while the four are enjoying dinner, Ania glimpses a man outside the window and Hercules goes to investigate. It is Pithus, the man who escaped the creatures at the beginning of the film. He explains to Hercules about his village being attacked by the creatures and Hercules agrees to help. Iolaus persuades Hercules to let him go along for one last adventure before he is married, Hercules reluctantly relents and says that he can come along. The three men set off for the village. When they arrive Hercules asks where all the women are, Pithus tells him that they were stolen by the creatures in the forest. Hercules and Iolaus head off to find the beast and rescue the village's women. In the forest they are ambushed by the beasts, they manage to stave off the attack for a time, but Iolaus discovers that the beasts are really women. After he chases after one he is fatally injured in the fight and Hercules is captured and taken to the City of Amazons.

Hercules is then seen being taken captive by the women. He has been stripped of his shirt and chained to a wooden sled assembled by the women that is attached to a horses saddle and being pulled along. The women have also cleave gagged his mouth with a black leather strap. He is surrounded by women on each side of him and led into a village full of women. He is starred at by many of the women. A few laugh and taunt him. You can hear one of the women saying "keep him bound" and another saying "Men should be seen and not heard" in reference to him being gagged. In vein Hercules muffles angry speech through the gag. Women continue to laugh at him. In the village, some women are being trained in combat and others are doing chores. When he arrives at the end of the village, the leader of the Amazon army (Lysia) helps to release him from the sled. She tells Hercules "If you're looking for men, you won't find any. Not in the city of amazons. You're the only one and I don't think you'll last very long."

Hercules is taken by the women to the Queen, Hippolyta. She removes the gag from his mouth. She tells him that she knows he is here to defeat them and that Hercules has been beaten by women. Hercules tells her she is wrong. Using a magic candle, the Hippolyta turns Hercules into a baby telling him she will show him what he is really like. As Hercules reverts to infant form we are shown flashbacks to Hercules's youth and times when he has been told by people how to behave toward women. Later he returns to adult state, realising that Hippolyta is right and that his attitude toward women is wrong, he tells her that he can change. She says that he cannot change and that all men are the same. Hippolyta goes to consult with Hera, she tells Hippolyta to lead an attack on the village

Hercules escapes from the Amazons and warns the men of the village of the forthcoming attack. He prepares them for when the women arrive. The women ride into the village and order the men to remove their clothes, telling them they are here for only one thing. The men tell the women to sit and talk with them for a while. Pithus's wife enters her home, and her son Franco asks if she really is his mother. He tells her he often dreams about her but she has no face, she removes her mask and shows her face to Franco. Hercules stands up to Hippolyta, who says she's not afraid of Hercules. He kisses her, she tells him she's not afraid and kisses him back. The two make love. The following day the women are still with the men. The Amazons return to their city and both men and women reminisce about the night before. Hera tells Hippolyta that Hercules has tricked her and to attack the village again, this time killing all the men and boys. Hippolyta refuses but Hera possesses her. Hera, now in control of Hippolyta's action orders the women to attack the village.

Hercules stops Hippolyta and realises that she is possessed by Hera. She rides off and Hercules goes after her. As they fight Hercules tries to get through to Hippolyta, telling her that she is stronger than Hera. Hercules best her and is about to deal the fatal blow, but cannot because it is Hippolyta's body and not really Hera. Hercules leaves and Hera follows him, goading him. He tells Hera that if he or Hippolyta have to die then he will give up his life for her, saying he could not live his life without her. Upon hearing this Hera runs Hippolyta's body over the edge of a waterfall, killing her.

Hercules returns to the City of Amazons, and retrieves the candle Hippolyta used to send him back to his childhood. Zeus appears and tells him the candle does not work in the way Hercules wants it to. Hercules replies that Zeus could make it work that way. Zeus tells Hercules that if he did that he would be in big trouble with Hera, but Hercules persuades him anyway. Zeus blows out the candle and Hercules is taken back to the night of the dinner. Ania see Pithus outside the window and Hercules goes to tell him that the village does not need the help of Hercules. He explains that all the men need to do is treat the women with respect and things will sort themselves out. Pithus returns to the village and when the women come the men sort out the problems that have been occurring. Alcmene asks Hercules if there is a woman out there who will make him happy like Ania did for Iolaus, Hercules replies that he is sure there is.





Hercules and the Lost Kingdom

Hercules and the Lost Kingdom is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo and Renee O'Connor. Hercules comes to the aid of a young woman who is seeking the lost city of Troy. Eventually, Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city, which has been taken over by Hera's Blue Monks. Hercules helps the refugees take back the city.

Three men are running along a riverside. One of them stops to take a drink from the river. As he stoops down to quench his thirst a female figure made of water rises out of the river and pulls him under, drowning him. The other two men run on. While running, one man is hit by a boulder and killed. The remaining man escapes. Elsewhere a young woman is collecting water, when the ground begins to shake. She flees back to her village to warn them that a giant is coming. The giant follows the woman to the village and rips the roof of the tavern. Hercules presents himself to the giant. The giant challenges Hercules to a fight. Hercules goes outside and beats the giant. As the village celebrates the defeat the man from earlier arrives in the village. He asks for Hercules' help. He explains to Hercules that his people have been driven from their city, the lost city of Troy.

Zeus appears and Hercules asks him if he will help him. He asks his father how to find Troy and he says that Hera made it vanish. To find it, Hercules must find the one true compass which will point the way to Troy. Hercules heads off to find the compass. He finds a tribe of men preparing to sacrifice a young virgin to their water god. Hercules saves her from being sacrificed, while unknowingly being watched by a mysterious robed figure. The woman tells Hercules that her name is Deianeira. Later in the evening as they camp for the night, Deianeira tells her a story that she is the daughter of a king. She sees the dark figure and asks who he is and why she is being followed, but the figure does not answer. Later Hercules and Deianeira arrive at the slave market looking for Queen Omphale, the last person to have possessed the compass. In order to get to see the queen, Hercules sells himself as a slave, and the queen buys him. After spending the night with the queen, Hercules gets the compass and he and Deianeira continue searching for Troy. Deianeira gets attacked by some men but the figure in the dark robe saves her and tells her to follow her destiny.

Hercules and Deianeira go to Troy. They arrive at the ocean and the figure standing on the cliffs summons a sea serpent to do Hera's bidding. It swallows Hercules and Deianeira. Hercules kills the monster from inside and they are washed up on the shore. Deianeira sees Troy in the distance and tells Hercules that she now remembers and this is where she is from. Deianeira and Hercules get caught in a trap and taken to the king. The king is ill. He and his daughter are reunited. He tells her that the Cult of the Blue Priests have taken over the city and the people have taken refuge in the woods. He tells Deianeira to rule them well, and then dies.

Hercules tutors the people of Troy and prepares them to battle to take back Troy. Deianeira realises that the people can not beat the Cult of the Blue Priests and goes looking for the Blue Priest. The people notice that Deianeira is missing and Hercules and the people use an underground tunnel to get into the city. As the people fight the cult members Hercules goes looking for Deianeira. He finds her about to be sacrificed to Hera and saves her. The Blue Priest and Hercules fight and Hercules cuts off the priest's head. A huge storm approaches, and Zeus tells Hercules that Hera is coming for Deianeira. Hercules saves her and Hera takes Hercules instead. As Deianeira is crowned Queen of Troy we see Hercules thrown down from out of the sky. A man approaches him asking him for help. Hercules agrees and the two men walk off to the next adventure.




Treasure Island

Treasure Island is a book by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was published in 1883. It is about pirates (finding gold) and a treasure hunt on a tropical isle. Famous characters include Jim Hawkins, Long John Silver, and Ben Gunn. The book has been adapted to movies, comic books, and other media.

The story has been made into many movies. The story in the movie is often different to the story in the book.



Hercules and the Circle of Fire

Hercules and the Circle of Fire is a made for television movie. It was the third of five pre-series movies, so it may be considered part of the TV series "". When all the earth's fire begins to go out, Hercules and Deianeira must go in search for fire to stop the world from cold.

Hercules is walking through a snowy mountain top where he finds a woman in the cold, and goes to help her. He sees Zeus in a cave and a rock closes over the entrance. Hercules turns around and the woman calls out to him and freezes and explodes. Hercules wakes from a dream. He turns over and goes back to sleep. As he sleeps his camp-fire goes out. Next day Hercules and young man are walking through a cave with dead bodies strewn all over. The man tells Hercules that they are all men from his village and that the witch who guards the Fountain of Youth killed them for their youth and strength.

Later Hercules arrives at Chiron's house. Hercules gives him the water and he drinks it. The wound heals, but after a few seconds the wound worsens. Hercules tells him he will find a cure for his wound. Meanwhile, all over the village fires are being inexplicably extinguished. Hercules and Chiron are talking by the fire side and the fire goes out. Hercules realizes that something is amiss.

Zeus replies that he does, but he loves Hercules more. Hercules tells Zeus he loves him too. Zeus accepts what Hercules must do, and lets him go. Hercules goes through the fire and retrieves the Torch. He throws it and it lands in Prometheus's home, waking him. Fire begins to return. As Hercules lays dying in the circle, Zeus begs Hera not to harm Hercules or he will haunt her for eternity. Hercules takes the torch to Chiron's house and asks him to step inside a circle of straw. Chiron stands in the centre of the circle and Hercules lights the straw with the torch. Chiron drops to his knees and cries out. As the flames die out Chiron exclaims that his wound is healed. The flames had burned away his immortality and healed the wound.





Eyes Wide Shut

Eyes Wide Shut is a 1999 drama movie directed by Stanley Kubrick. It stars Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise and is set in New York City. The movie was filmed at Mentmore Towers. 

Edna Parker

Edna Ruth Scott Parker (April 20, 1893 – November 26, 2008) was an American woman who was the oldest living documented person from the death of Yone Minagawa on August 13, 2007 until November 26, 2008.

Parker was born on a farm in Morgan County, Indiana. She got a teaching certificate at Franklin College, and was a teacher for a few years until she married Earl Parker, who was her next door neighbor. He died on February 23, 1939. They had two sons, Clifford and Earl Jr., both of whom died before her.

After Earl's death, Parker lived by herself on a farm on Blueridge Road. She stayed there until she was 100, when she moved in to live with one of her sons. On a winter night, she was alone while her son and his wife went to a basketball game. When they came back, they found her in the back yard, in poor health, in the snow, and could only be seen as she had been wearing a red sweater that she liked a lot. Her family feared that she would die, but her health got much better. After that, the family thought that she needed to move to a nursing home.

Parker lived at Heritage House Convalescent Center, a retirement home in Shelbyville, Indiana. She remained in good health and was still able to walk. In April 2007, at age 114, she met with 113-year-old Bertha Fry, who was at the time the second-oldest person living in Indiana and the fifth-oldest living person. This set the highest total age for a meeting of two people.

Parker reached the age of 115 on April 20, 2008. There were two birthday parties held, the first of which was public, and the second private. The public one was celebrated on April 18, 2008, and the private on April 20. At both parties, one hundred fifteen balloons of many colors floated in the air, because she liked to see balloons in the air. This was Parker's final year, as she lived until November 26 of that year at age 115 years, 220 days.



Treasure Island (disambiguation)

Treasure Island is an adventure novel by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson.

Treasure Island may also mean:




39/Smooth

39/Smooth was released as the first album by Green Day in 1990 on Lookout! Records on vinyl and cassette.

All songs by Green Day




Slappy

Slappy is the second EP by Green Day, and was released on Lookout! Records in the summer of 1990 on seven-inch vinyl

All tracks by Green Day, except where noted.




Savate

Savate, also known as "boxe française" (French boxing) or French kickboxing, is a French martial art - a kind of "boxe pieds-poings" - which uses the hands and the feet as weapons and includes elements of Western boxing, techniques of grappling and techniques of leg (only with the feet: neither knee, nor shin). The persons who perform savate are called "savateurs" or ""tireurs"" in case of the men, and "savateuses" in case of the women.

Savate carry its name from the French word for "oldest shoe" (heavy shoes that were used to use during the combats) and is now a combination of the French techniques of fighting from beginning of the 19th century. In that age, savate was a kind of fighting which was common in Paris and in the North of France. In the South, especially in the port of Marseilles, the seamen had developed an other style known as "jeu marseillais" ("the game of Marseilles"), with a new name "chausson" ("slipper", that was the shoes that the seamen used). In England (the place of birth of boxing and the rules of Queensberry), people treated kicking as not fair in sport.

The two persons who have been recorded in the history of changing of street combat into modern savate are Michel Casseux (also known as "le Pisseux") (1794-1869), and Charles Lecour (1808-1894). Casseux opened in 1825 the first building in order to perform and to help in the development of a version of "chausson" and savate with rules (refusing to allow the strikes with the head, attacks with the fingers to the eyes, etc.). A student of Casseux, Charles Lecour had been exposed to the English art of boxing in the year 1830 and he had felt himself a misfit, because he used his hands in order to hit the feet of the opponent and to drive them away in this way, instead of punching as in boxing. By that reason he trained himself in boxing during two years and in 1832 he combined boxing with "chausson" and savate in order to create the sport of "savate boxe française" as we know it today.

In 1924 Savate was included in the Olympic Games of Paris. Savate is a sport relatively safe in order to learn. According to USA Savate savate has less injuries than soccer, football, hockey, gymnastics, basketball, baseball and speed skating.

Many lands have national federations very interested for helping in the development of this sport.

The modern savate gives three levels of competition: "assault", "precombat" and "combat". In assault, the competitors need to be concentrated on the technique during they are trying make contact; referees punish with penalties the usage of excessive force. Precombat permits fighting when the fighters wear helmets and shin protectors. Combat, the level more intensified, is similar to the precombat but protection is not allowed (except genital protectors and the protectors of the teeth).

Many martial arts have systems of judgment of level of the persons who perform them, like the colour of belts in karate. Savate uses different colours in the gloves in order to show the level of a fighter; although unlike judo or the capoeira, where the fighters obtain new belts in each promotion, every fighter can use the same pair of gloves in several promotions ( the level does not correspond with the colour of the gloves that are used but with that is established in the licence). The beginners begin without colour and the different exams of promotion permit them to be promoted to blue, green, red, white and yellow in that order. The competition is restricted to the red gloves and higher. In France, it is necessary to have the yellow glove in order to being able to gain the degree of instructor and the silver glove in his technical category in order to obtain the title of teacher. In Mexico, all technical degrees from the green require an evaluation on subjects of helping in teaching in order to being able to increase the development of that art.



Sweet Children (EP)

Sweet Children is the third EP released by punk rock band Green Day.

All songs by Green Day, except where noted.

Side A

Side B



1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours

1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours is a collection of early recordings by American punk rock band, Green Day.

All songs by Billie Joe Armstrong (lyrics) and Green Day (music), except where noted.


Juan Diego Flórez

Juan Diego Flórez (born January 13, 1973 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian operatic tenor. He is famous for the roles he sings in bel canto operas.

Juan Diego Flórez was born in Lima, Peru on January 13, 1973. His father, Rubén Flórez, was a guitarist and singer of Peruvian popular music. His mother worked in a pub where music was performed live. When a musician was ill Juan would sing instead. It was good experience for him.

He entered the Conservatorio Nacional de Música in Lima at the age of 17. He was intending to have a career in popular music. His teacher Andrés Santa María found that he had a superb voice for classical music. He became a member of the Coro Nacional of Peru and sang as a soloist in Mozart's "Coronation Mass" and Rossini's "Petite Messe Solennelle".

He was given a scholarship to the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia where he studied from 1993 to 1996 and began singing in student opera productions. He sang roles in operas by Rossini, Bellini and Donizetti. During this period, he also studied with Marilyn Horne at the Music Academy of the West in Santa Barbara. In 1994 the Peruvian tenor, Ernesto Palacio invited him to Italy to work on a recording of Vicente Martín y Soler's opera "Il Tutore Burlato". Palacio became Flórez's teacher and helped him an enormous amount in his career.

Flórez's first big breakthrough came in 1996, at the Rossini Festival in the Italian city of Pesaro, Rossini's birthplace. At the age of 23, he was asked to sing the leading tenor role in "Matilde di Shabran" when Bruce Ford became ill. He first sang at La Scala in the same year as the Chevalier danois in Gluck's "Armide". His Covent Garden debut followed in 1997 where he sang the role of Count Potoski in the world premiere of Donizetti's "Elisabetta". Debuts followed at the Vienna Staatsoper in 1999 as Count Almaviva in "Il barbiere di Siviglia" and at the New York Metropolitan Opera in 2002, again as Count Almaviva. On February 20 2007, the opening night of Donizetti's "La Fille du régiment" at La Scala, Flórez broke the theater's 74-year-old tradition of not having any encores when he repeated the aria "Ah! mes amis" with its nine high C's after the audience gave him an enormous ovation.

Flórez sing in concerts in Europe, North America, and South America. Amongst the many places in which he has given concerts and recitals are the Wigmore Hall in London, the Théâtre des Champs-Elysées in Paris, Lincoln Center and Carnegie Hall in New York, the Palau de la Música in Barcelona, the Teatro Segura in Lima, and the Mozarteum in Salzburg. As a change from the usual music he sings, he sang "You'll Never Walk Alone" from the Broadway musical "Carousel" at the Berlin Live 8 concert in 2005.

He was signed by Decca in 2001 and since then made 5 CDs for them. Nearly all his operatic roles have been broadcast on radio or television.

Flórez was married to German-born Julia Trappe in a private civil ceremony on April 23, 2007 in Vienna. They held a religious ceremony at the Basilica Cathedral in Lima on April 5, 2008. Some of Peru's most famous people went, including President Alan García and author Mario Vargas-Llosa.

Juan Diego Flórez has won many awards and distinction, including Peru's highest honour: the "Gran Cruz de la Orden del Sol del Perú". He has even appeared on a Peruvian stamp.


The Lookouts

The Lookouts were an American punk rock band from 1985 to 1990. The members were Lawrence Livermore (more commonly known as Larry Livermore) on guitar and vocals, Kain Kong on bass and vocals and Tré Cool on drums and vocals. The band is most famous for being Tré Cool's first band before joining Green Day.


Kerplunk (album)

Kerplunk (also known as Kerplunk!) is the second full-length album by punk rock band Green Day. It was released on January 17, 1992 by Lookout! Records.



Cerium

Cerium is a chemical element with an atomic number of 58. This means that the nucleus of cerium has 58 protons in it. The atomic mass of cerium is 140.12. The chemical symbol of cerium is Ce and it is a member of the lanthanide group.

Cerium is a grey, shiny or lustrous metal. At room temperature cerium is a solid. It melts and becomes a liquid at 798C and boils and becomes a gas at 3424C. It burns in air to form a compound with one cerium atom and two oxygen atoms. 0.0046% of the Earth's crust is cerium which means that it is quite common - more common than Tin and Lead and nearly as common as zinc

Cerium was first found in Sweden in 1803 by Berzelius and Hisinger and Klaproth in Germany. Because it is very reactive, it was not purified until 1875 in Washington DC. Cerium was named after the asteroid or minor planet Ceres which was first seen two years earlier in 1801.

Cerium is not often used as a metal since it quickly reacts with the air and tarnishes. Its most common use is as the 'flint' in a lighter, because it easily produces a spark when it is struck with another metal. Cerium is sometimes used in alloys because it often makes the alloy more heat resistant. Cerium is also used in special glass, ceramics and self-cleaning ovens.

Cerium reacts in two ways to produce cerous compounds or salts and ceric compounds. Cerous salts have an oxidation number of 3 and ceric salts have an oxidation of 4.

Cerium has many isotopes. Four of them are (observationally) stable, and are found in nature instead of having to be made, 
Cerium-140 (88.5% of all cerium) and Ce-142 (11.1%) are the most common. The average of the weights of each isotope is what give cerium its atomic mass of 140.12.


Hallux

The hallux, also called the big toe, is the toe innermost (closest to the middle of the body) of the foot. It is usually the biggest toe in the body. 

In humans, the hallux is longer than the toes next to it; this is inherited. Humans are unusual amongst hominids in walking upright, and their feet are adapted to their locomotion.

In other animals the foot is organised differently. Mammals usually move on four legs with paws. In some birds, the hallux is pointed backwards: it helps to grip. 

Dutch

Dutch can mean:


The Wachowskis

Lana Wachowski (born June 21, 1965, birth name Laurence Wachowski) and Lilly Wachowski (born December 29, 1967, birth name Andrew Paul Wachowski), known together professionally as The Wachowskis, currently as The Wachowski Sisters (since 2016), and formerly as The Wachowski Brothers (before 2010), are Polish American movie directors, writers and transgender women, most famous for creating "The Matrix" series. Their other projects include live-action adaptation of "Speed Racer", Jupiter Ascending and the Netflix television series Sense-8.

Lana Wachowski had a sex change operation in 2008 and changed her name from Larry Wachowski. Lilly changed her name from Andy Wachowski in 2016.



V for Vendetta

V for Vendetta is a ten-issue graphic comic book series from DC Comics and Vertigo, written by Alan Moore and illustrated mostly by David Lloyd. It is set in a dystopian future United Kingdom imagined from the 1980s about the 1990s, which has become a totalitarian fascist dictatorship. The protagonist and title character, known simply as "V", is an anarchist who intends to lead a revolution and bring down the fascist state. It was published from 1982 to 1988. 

In 2005, it was made into a movie with the same name. Unlike in the comic book, the movie takes place in 2020. There are also a few differences from the comic book.


Mozilla Foundation

The Mozilla Foundation is a non-profit organization that was created to support and give leadership for the open source Mozilla project. The organization sets the policies that govern development, operate important things that keep Mozilla working and controls trademarks and other intellectual property. It owns a taxable for-profit subsidiary, the Mozilla Corporation, which employs several Mozilla developers and sets releases of the Mozilla Firefox. The Mozilla Foundation is based in Mountain View, California, USA.

The Mozilla Foundation describes itself as ""a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the Internet"". Mozilla Japan and Mozilla China are non-profit organizations whose mission is to help promote and deploy Mozilla products and projects. 

On February 23, 1998, Netscape created the Mozilla Organization to help the development of the Mozilla Application Suite. It made-up of mostly Netscape employees but was not part of Netscape. 

When America Online (AOL) (Netscape's owner) stopped its involvement with the Mozilla Organization, the Mozilla Foundation was created on July 15, 2003 to make sure Mozilla could survive without Netscape. AOL helped during the start of the creation of the Mozilla Foundation, moving hardware and intellectual property to the organization and employing a three-person team for the first three months to help with the move. AOL promised to donate $2 million to the foundation over two years.

The Mozilla Foundation Board of Directors has six members: 


Originally Christopher Blizzard had a seat on the board but he moved to the Mozilla Corporation Board of Directors when it was established; Joichi Ito joined the Mozilla Foundation board at that time. Bob Lisbonne and Carl Malamud were elected to the board in October 2006.

The foundation also has a number of paid staff members, who focus on project and policy issues:


The Mozilla Corporation also has a number of employees, many of whom worked for the foundation before the establishment of the corporation.

The Mozilla project has traditionally been overseen by a committee known as mozilla.org staff; the individuals on that committee later became foundation or corporation board members or staff members.



1812 Overture

The 1812 Overture (French: "Ouverture solennelle "L'Année 1812""; Russian: "Торжественная увертюра 1812 года", "Toržestvennaja uvertjura 1812 goda") (Op. 49) is an orchestral work by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. It commemorates Russia's 1812 defense against Napoleon's advancing Grande Armée at the Battle of Borodino, during the French invasion of Russia.

The Overture's first public performance occurred on 20 August 1882 (NS; the OS date was 8 August). The venue was the Cathedral of Christ the Saviour in Moscow. The overture is best known for its climactic volley of cannon fire and ringing chimes.

The 1812 Overture is written for an orchestra which uses following music instruments:







Sixteen cannon shots are written into the score of the Overture. The Overture begins with the plaintive Russian Orthodox "Troparion of the Holy Cross" ("God Preserve Thy People") played by eight cellos and four violas. The piece moves through a mixture of pastoral and militant themes. The Overture includes the Russian folk dance "At the Gate, at my Gate." At the turning point of the invasion – the Battle of Borodino – the score calls for five Russian cannon shots. A descending string passage represents the following retreat of the French forces, followed by victory bells and a triumphant repetition of "God Preserve Thy People" as Moscow burns to deny winter quarters to the French. A musical chase scene appears. Out of it, the anthem "God Save the Tsar!" appears. The overture uses counterpoint to reinforce the appearance of the leitmotif that represents the Russian forces throughout the song.

Although God Save The Tsar! was the Russian National Anthem in Tchaikovsky's time, it was not the anthem in 1812. There was no official Russian anthem until 1815.

There are several recordings of the overture in a transcription by American conductor Igor Buketoff, with the following changes and additions:

Antal Doráti's 1954 Mercury Records recording with the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra, partially recorded at West Point and using the Yale Memorial Carillon in New Haven, Connecticut, uses a Napoleonic French single muzzleloading cannon shot on December 4, 1954 dubbed in 16 times as written. On the first edition of the recording, one side played the Overture and the other side played a narrative by Deems Taylor about how the cannon and bell effects were accomplished. (Later editions placed the commentary after the performance on side 1 and the Capriccio Italien on side 2.) A stereophonic album version was recorded on 4 December 1958, using the bells of the L.S. Rockefeller Carillon, at Riverside Church. On this Mercury Living Presence Stereo recording, the spoken commentary was also given by Deems Taylor and the 1812 was coupled with Tchaikovsky's Capriccio Italien.

The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Herbert Von Karajan, and the Don Cossacks Choir recorded the piece in 1967.

In 1971, CBS released a recording with the Philadelphia Orchestra conducted by Eugene Ormandy, also featuring the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, the Valley Forge Military Academy band and real artillery shots. Neeme Järvi's recording with the Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra, Gothenburg Artillery Division, Gothenburg Symphony Brass Band, Churchbells of Gothenburg & Gothenburg Symphony Chorus, was recorded on December 4, 1991, with his Marche Slave, Alexander Borodin’s In the Steppes of Central Asia and Prince Igor: Polovtsian Dances, and Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov’s Russian Easter Festival Overture and Capriccio Espagnol. The first digital recording of the 1812 Overture is performed by Leonard Bernstein and the New York Philharmonic Orchestra in 1975. The last digital recording is by Erich Kunzel, the Cincinnati Pops, and the Kiev Symphony Chorus in 2001.

In 1990, during a worldwide celebration of the 150th anniversary of Tchaikovsky's birth, the Overture was recorded in the city of his youth by the Tchaikovsky Symphony Orchestra, also known as the All-Union Radio and Television Symphony and Philharmonic Orchestra, using 16 muzzleloading cannons fired live as written in the 1880 score. In June 2009, the record soon became a most popular complete orchestral record with fireworks at the finale.


Guy Fawkes

Guy Fawkes (13 April 1570 – 31 January 1606), sometimes known as Guido Fawkes, was a member of a Roman Catholic revolutionary group based in England who planned to carry out the Gunpowder Plot. Fawkes and the other plotters planned to kill the king, James I, and replace him with a Catholic monarch. 

The day 5 November 1605 is remembered each year in the UK during Guy Fawkes Night. People build large bonfires, light fireworks, and burn figures of Fawkes (known as 'the guy'). 

November 5 was the date when Parliament re-assembled after a long recess. The plot was uncovered quite late, in the night before the day of the 5th. Fawkes was arrested as he sat in a cellar, near the gunpowder, waiting for the right time to set it off. He was tortured to make him reveal the names of the other plotters. Later eight men, including Fawkes, stood trial for high treason. They were found guilty and executed by hanging in Westminster, London, except for Fawkes, who killed himself by jumping from the scaffold before he was to be hanged. Their remains were sent to the corners of the kingdom and displayed, as a warning to others. There were five other conspirators; the main man, Robert Catesby, was killed by the Sheriff of Worcester when he tried to flee.

There are many places to find Fawkes in popular literature. Here are some important examples, listed in chronological order.


Graphic novel

A graphic novel is a type of comic book usually with a long storyline similar to those of novels. The term also encompasses comic short story anthologies, and in some cases bound collections of previously published comic book series (more commonly referred to as trade paperbacks).

Graphic novels are often bound in a better format than the comic magazines, using the same materials and methods as printed books, and are generally sold in bookstores and specialty comic book shops rather than at newsstands. Graphic novels are popular around the world. The graphic novel traditions are very strong in Japan and the United States. There are many Latino superheroes in American mainstream comics and graphic novels. 

There are many kinds of graphic novels. The most popular types are:




Alan Moore

Alan Moore (born 18 November 1953 in Northampton) is an English writer most famous for his influential work in comics, including the acclaimed graphic novels "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta" and "From Hell". 


Islamabad Capital Territory

The Islamabad Capital Territory (, ICT for short) is one of the two federal territories of Pakistan. The territory includes Islamabad, the capital city of Pakistan. 

It covers an area of 1165.5 square kilometers; this mean it is greater in area than Faroe Islands but smaller than Mauritius. Of this area, Islamabad city covers an area of 906 sqkm.

Lachapelle-Graillouse

Official names of India

India has 23 official languages. The its constitution lists the name of the country in each of the languages. Hindi and English are the "official languages of the union" (Union meaning the Federal Government located in Delhi); Tamil and Sanskrit are officially the "classical languages of India."

! colspan=2 | Language 
! colspan=2 style="white-space:nowrap;" | Official short name for India 
! colspan=2 | Official full name for The Republic of India 
! colspan=2 | Details 
! colspan=2 | "Republic (of)" 
! Official Name 
! Script Name 
! Indian script 
! style="font-size:90%;" | Transliteration 
! Indian script 
! style="font-size:90%;" | Transliteration or IPA
! style="font-size:90%;" | Transliteration system shown 
! style="white-space:nowrap;font-size:90%;" | Dialect details or script status 
! Indian script 
! style="font-size:90%;" | Transliteration or IPA

The Matrix Revolutions

The Matrix Revolutions is a 2003 movie that was written and directed by the Wachowskis. It is the sequel to "The Matrix Reloaded". It is a prequel to "The Matrix Resurrections".

When Neo wakes up, he finds himself at a train station. He is there because, when he used his power to destroy the sentinels at the end of the second movie, he touched the source and did not come back all the way. He is stuck there. Meanwhile, his girlfriend Trinity, Morpheus, and Seraph enter a club to talk to the Merovingian, who controls a lot of the Matrix. A gun fight ends in a Mexican standoff with guns pointed towards everyone. The Merovingian agrees to let Neo go, and Trinity picks him up.

The city of Zion is preparing for war. They pool all of their resources into a dock area. They use Armored Personnel Units (APU) to fight back. However, there are too many machines, and they soon have to fall back to the temple.

Niobe on her ship attempts to return to Zion by going through an area that only a very skilled pilot can go through. However, Niobe makes a mistake and the machines come after them. During one part of the dock battle, the commander Milfune tries to repel the machines but is overwhelmed. He dies. He tells the Kid to take his APU and to open the dock doors. The Kid does so and the ship comes through, blows its EMP, and saves the dock for now.

Near the end of the movie, Neo wants to take a ship to talk directly to the machines. Niobe turns her ship, the Logos, over to him. Earlier, Bane (who is now Smith) had stabbed a crew member and hid away on the Logos. While on the ship, Bane fights Neo and ends up burn his eyes out. However, Neo has the power and can still see and kills Bane. As Neo and Trinity approach, the machines attack. Trinity flies above the clouds to kill the machines, but it also destroys their engines, and they lose control and crash into the ground and Trinity is viciously killed by being impaled by metal rebar.

Neo walks up to the head of the machines, whose name is Deus Ex Machina. He says that Smith has gotten out of control and that he is the only one that can stop him. He says that he wants peace, so the machines stop attacking Zion. Neo and Smith start fighting again. This time Neo cannot beat him like he did with Bane. At the end, he says, "It was inevitable" and allows Smith to touch him and acquire him. Smith is then destroyed, as his only purpose was to balance Neo, who is now gone.


Hercules in the Underworld

Hercules in the Underworld is the fourth made-for-TV movie in the series "". When villagers begin disappearing it is discovered that they had fallen through a crack in the earth which goes straight to Hades. Hercules once again comes to the rescue and faces one of his most difficult challenges, and must prove himself as a man as well as a god.

In the centre of a village the ground begins to open up and a strange green light emanates from within. Two drunken men see the light and walk over to take a closer look. As they approach a gaseous vapour begins pouring out of the fissure and in a flash of light the two men are charred with only their bones remaining.

The following day Hercules is working in the smithy with Nessus, the Centaur. He watches the children playing outside when a woman, Iole, comes looking for him. She says she's from the village of Gryphon and that they need Hercules' help. Hercules agrees to help, but Deianeira tells the girl to rest first.

Hercules and Iole continue onto Gryphon, when they arrive the people take him to the area where the hole has opened up in the ground. He walks through the village seeing fire and destructions and dead bodies strewn on the floor.

With the kiss her memories return and Hercules makes a deal with Hades that if he can capture Cerberus, then Deianeira can go back to Earth with him. Hercules goes after Cerberus, he finds Hades' men trying and failing to capture him. Hercules fights and defeats Cerberus and chains him up again. Once Cerberus is chained the hole in the ground closes up and Deianeira appears. Back on Earth the villagers thank Hercules for helping them and he and Deianeira go home.




Lagorce, Ardèche

Lagorce is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur

Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur is the fifth made for television movie based on the series "". Hercules has given up his days of traveling. He has found a place to live and be with his family. When a far off village is in danger from an unseen monster, Hercules is goes to help save the village from the monster. The origin of the monster is a combination of the Greek myth and the myths of Tantalus and Lycaon.

In a forest, two men are looking for treasure. They follow their map and find a cave covered with bushes. The two men enter the cave. In the cave, they find a large wooden door. As they try to get through the door, a monster breaks through the door. It chases after them. One man is captured. The other runs as the monster tells him to bring Hercules. At this time, Hercules is working on his farm. He sees his sons fighting and tells them that they should not fight. They says that Hercules fights. Hercules tells them that he only fights when he has to and only to stop other people from being harmed. He tells about the time when he had to fight Eryx the boxer to stop him from killing anymore people. He asks the boys if they understand. They say they do. Later that evening, Hercules is working in the stable, Zeus appears and they talk. Hercules tells Zeus that there have been no monsters for a while, which is good as he has now living with Deianeira and the children. Zeus gives him a scale from a sea serpent. Hercules remembers the time when he and Deianeira were swallowed by a sea serpent while looking for the lost city of Troy.

At night, the children ask their father to tell them a story. He tells them how when he and Deianeira first met. Hercules begins telling how the fire had gone from the Earth and that Deianeira's village needed fire. He told them how he got the fire back from Hera's temple. During the story, Hercules sees that the children are asleep. He and Deianeira go to bed. She asks him if he misses travelling and fighting monsters. He says that he does miss it. The next day, Hercules is working in the stables. He sees something move quickly past the door. He goes to look but sees nothing. As he walks back into the stable, a man jumps on him. Hercules turns to see it is Iolaus. They begin talking about their past. The two men go inside to get a drink. Iolaus tells Hercules that he met a man who taught him to fight better. When Hercules attacks Iolaus, the smaller man does well at first. After a short while Hercules still wins. Deianeira tells Iolaus that since Hercules gave up his adventures he has become sad. A man comes at the stable looking for Hercules. He tells him that he must help his village and that a monster has taken his brother. Hercules says he cannot go. The man says he has to because he is Hercules. Later that evening Deianeria asks him why he refused to help. He tells her that he said that he would stay and raise the children with her. She tells him that he should not try to stop being Hercules, not for her or the children. She tells him to go. The next day, he and Iolaus set off for Alturia. As they travel to Alturia, a young couple are looking for somewhere quiet. They find the cave and enter. While they are in the cave, the Minotaur comes and attacks them.

When Hercules and Iolaus get to Alturia, they ask a woman where the monster is. She tells Hercules that there is not any monster. Underneath the village, the Minotaur says that Hercules will pay. Zeus appears and tells the Minotaur that he still has not learned his lesson, he replies that he has been feeding on hate. Minotaur taunts Zeus because he was unable to kill the Minotaur. Hercules and Iolaus are in a tavern. They get into a fight with some men because they do not believe that he is really Hercules. Outside the tavern, two men are killed and Hercules goes to see what happened. He is found by the villagers. They think he killed the men and chase him and Iolaus. The man who had asked for Hercules's help comes and takes Hercules to the cave where his brother was captured. Zeus appears and tells Hercules what the monster is and why he wants Hercules. He asks Hercules to kill the Minotaur. In the centre of the cave, the Minotaur challenges Hercules. They begin fighting. As Hercules is about to kill the Minotaur, the creature tells him that he is really Hercules' brother. Hercules cannot kill him. The Minotaur then attacks Hercules and Hercules has to kill him. As the Minotaur dies, he changes to his human form and Zeus tells him that it did not have to end that way. Hercules helps Iolaus and the other people being held by the Minotaur. With the people of the village now safe and Iolaus freed, the two men go back home.


Lanas

Lanas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Larnas

Larnas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Marzahn

Marzahn is a locality within the borough Marzahn-Hellersdorf of Berlin. 

Marzahn became part of Greater Berlin in 1920, as a part of the Lichtenberg district. In 1979, the large housing estate of Marzahn was separated from Lichtenberg to become an East Berlin borough in its own right and in 1986 the new Hellersdorf district (including Kaulsdorf and Mahlsdorf) was split from it. Berlin's 2001 administrative reform led to the former boroughs of Marzahn and Hellersdorf fusing into a single new borough.

In the north the locality includes the neighbourhoods of "Bürknersfelde" and "Ahrensfelde", an overbuilt strip of land which once belonged to the Brandenburg municipality of Ahrensfelde and was incorporated into Berlin in 1990.

The historic village of Marzahn was first mentioned as "Morczane" in a 1300 deed by Margrave Albert III of Brandenburg-Salzwedel, when he granted the estates to the Friedland Cistercian abbey (in today's Neuhardenberg). After the Thirty Years' War it fell to Elector Frederick William of Brandenburg.

Marzahn was the site of a labour camp (today a water treatment plant), where Roma were interned from July 16, 1936 on, two weeks prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, away from visitor's eyes. As a part of the Nazi "Porajmos" extermination policy, up to 2000 inmates remained there until in 1943 they were deported to Auschwitz-Birkenau, where most of them were gassed. In 1941 the large factory of the "Carl Hasse & Wrede" machine tool company (now Knorr-Bremse) was erected, where hundreds forced labourers were employed. The victims were buried at the nearby "Parkfriedhof", a memorial marks the site.

In 1987, Marzahn hosted the "Berliner Gartenschau" a horticulture show on the occasion of Berlin's 750th anniversary. The area today called "Erholungspark Marzahn" includes the "Gärten der Welt" (Gardens of the World) project showing a Chinese, Japanese, Balinese and Korean garden, labyrinths modelled on Hampton Court Palace and Chartres Cathedral as well as a garden of the Italian Renaissance.

Marzahn is served by the S-Bahn lines S7 and S75 at the stations "Springpfuhl", "Poelchaustraße", "Marzahn", "Raoul-Wallenberg-Straße", "Mehrower Allee" and "Ahrensfelde". Tramway connections to the inner city are provided by the "M6" and "M8" lines of the Berlin Straßenbahn.


Helicobacter pylori

Helicobacter pylori ("H. pylori") is a spiral shaped bacterium that lives in or on the lining of the stomach. It causes more than 90 percent of ulcers, which are sores in the lining of the stomach or the duodenum (the first part of the small intestine). Before 1982, when this bacterium was discovered, doctors thought that spicy food, acid, stress and lifestyle caused most ulcers. Because doctors now know that most ulcers are caused by an "H. pylori" infection, they can be cured with the correct antibiotics.

"Heliobacter pylori" was first discovered by Australian scientists, Barry J. Marshall and J. Robin Warren. They won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2005 for their work.

Schöneberg

Schöneberg is a locality of Berlin. Until Berlin's 2001 administrative reform it was a separate borough including the locality of Friedenau. Together with the former borough of Tempelhof it is now part of the new borough of Tempelhof-Schöneberg.

The village was first documented in 1264 by Margrave Otto III of Brandenburg. In 1751 Bohemian weavers founded Neu-Schöneberg also known as Böhmisch-Schöneberg, along the current Hauptstraße.

During the Seven Years' War on 7 October 1760 Schöneberg and its village church were completely destroyed by a fire due to the joint attack on Berlin by Austrian and Russian troops.

Alt & Neu Schöneberg were combined as one entity in 1874 and received town privileges in 1898. In 1920 Schöneberg became a part of Greater Berlin. Its town hall Rathaus Schöneberg was completed in 1914. After World War II it served as the city hall of West Berlin until 1991 when the administration of the reunited City of Berlin moved back to the Rotes Rathaus in Mitte.



Schöneberg (disambiguation)

Schöneberg may refer to:


Hercules and Xena – The Animated Movie: The Battle for Mount Olympus

Hercules and Xena – The Animated Movie: The Battle for Mount Olympus is a 1998 animated action/adventure film starring the voices of Kevin Sorbo, Lucy Lawless, Michael Hurst, Renée O'Connor and Kevin Smith, all reprising their roles from "" and "."

The movie begins with the Sirens blaring Across The Sea of Time, a song about how Zeus took the Cronus stone from the Titans, had an affair with Alcmena, the wife of Amphitryon (stepfather of Heracles), and had a son named Hercules, who goes on to defeat a Lernaean Hydra at an early age and become a hero.

As the song ends, a giant sea serpent emerges from the sea. Hercules attempts to kill it, finally throwing a giant rock into its mouth. The creature then jumps to the shore and lands on Hercules. Being out of the water, the serpent suffocates and dies. Hercules triumphantly climbs out of its nostrils. While the villagers are thanking Hercules, lolaus climbs out of a rest chair and joins Hercules, who is rewarded by the villagers with a large fish.

Hercules and lolaus head to Thebes to see Alcmene, but Lolaus is upset because Hercules received all the credit. On the way there, they defeat a group of highwaymen and continue their journey unscathed.

Some Satyrs who stole gold from helpless people are in a bar so Xena and Gabrielle come to beat them up and take the money back. Ares shows up after Gabrielle throws wine at a Satyr and beats him up with her fighting stick. He tells Xena to stop Hercules from going to Thebes because there is a trap set up for him there; however, Xena would like Hercules to go since there is trouble and he needs to help. After a while, Xena becomes frustrated with Ares' unwillingness to give up. She and Gabrielle argue about his intentions. There is no rift between them in this movie.

Hercules is pulling a plow at his mother's house. Both of them then see Thor come from the heavens in his chariot pulled by winged horses like Pegasus driving the chariot down. He takes Alcmene to Mr. Olympus, causing Hercules to become disappointed.

Lolaus thinks Alcmene went on her own since she put up no fight but Alcmene disagrees and pushes Lolaus against a wall in his anger. Hercules apologizes and the two head off to go and rescue Alcmene.

Zeus talks to Ares and wonders why he did not stop Hercules. He says that he tried to get a mortal named Xena to do it, and becomes angry when Ares persistently yearns for Xena. Afterward, Hera appears and yells at Zeus for bringing Alcmene to Mt. Olympus. She leaves and steals the Kronos stone while doing so.

Hera summons the titans while Zeus checks up on Alcmene, who has been shrunk and placed in a small Arabian dollhouse to protect her from Hera.

Aphrodite surfs down a mountain, which makes Lolaus very happy, and who hugs Hercules. She tells Hercules that Hera is angry, and not to go to Mt. Olympus for his good. He decides to go anyway. Iolaus stays behind to entertain Aphrodite but leaves as an earthquake starts.

Meanwhile, a small boy has fallen into a lava pit. Hercules holds the colliding ends together while Lolaus pulls the boy up, to the gratitude of the boy's mother, who then takes him to safety,

Xena and Gabrielle, in a nearby town, are battling three thugs. Xena is tasked with stopping a rolling giant rock from falling upon one of them. When she completes the task, both Xena and Gabrielle are shown Hercules meeting the titan Porphyion.

The leader of the titans says that Hera can go free because he is not defending the gods. Zeus calls Artemis, Aphrodite, and Ares together to fight the titans, all while hoping that Hercules will join them.

Xena and Gabrielle are helping wounded people. Artemis decides to ask for Xena's help, promptly turning Gabrielle into a giant bird. Xena rides on Gabrielle to the Gods' home while Hercules is climbing up. Xena explains to Artemis that all she had to do was ask for help from Xena and that she didn't need to turn Gabrielle into a giant bird.

The four titans come to battle; Poprhyrion, Tethys, Crius, and Mnemosyne. Hercules shows up and greets Xena, promptly rescuing Alcmene while leaving everybody else to fight the titans. Hera turns all of the gods into animals; Lolaus and Xena escape by riding on Gabrielle, who is still a bird, to Alcmene's' house. This upsets everybody, as Hera did nothing to help Alcmene. The gods are all small animals until Zeus can get the stone back. Ares is a goat, Aphrodite is a cow, Artemis is a rabbit, and Zeus is a mouse.

Hercules finds out that Alcmene was sick, and Zeus offers to make up for hard times by giving her immortality and taking her to live with him on Mt Olympus.

The titans sing "Titan's Song", and back on earth, we see Xena and Hercules making up with each other. They both agree to help the gods get their home and the Kronos stone back. The Titans get the stone from Hera and turn her into a small doll, then place her inside a dollhouse. In the meantime, Alcmene has been restored into her normal human form.

The heroes ride Gabrielle to the mountain and fight the Titans. Hercules gets the stone and can destroy it. He lifts the seal of the underworld which causes the lava pits to appear. Hercules and Xena flip the Titan Crius into the lava, and Lolaus gets the water and fire. Female Titans fall into and dissolve within the fiery pits.

Gabrielle scoops up Porpyron, who grabbed Hercules. Hercules tries to reach and jump onto Gabrielle's back, where Xena and Lolaus are sitting, but fails. Gabrielle drops the titan into the cavern and catches the falling Hercules. She then can take him to the Gods' mountain, in time to close the stone which locks the titans away. Zeus and Alcmene go back to Mt. Olympus and Zeus encourages Hercules to visit sometime. Hercules then leaves, going with Lolaus, Gabrielle, and Xena on their way to Corinth, to return a bag of gold and seek more adventure.

The songs "Across the Sea of Time", "Titan's Song", and "Xena's Song" were written by Michele Brourman and Amanda McBroom.


Uranus in fiction

The planet Uranus has appeared in various forms of fiction:









Hercules: The Legendary Journeys (video game)

Hercules: The Legendary Journeys is an action adventure video game with "Beat 'em up" elements that was released on November 17, 1997, on the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color, developed by PS1 and published by Titus Software, based on the .

Ares, Hercules' brother, forms a plan to dethrone Zeus with the help of Hera. With Zeus ill, a struggle for power corrupts the immortal realm. The Gods, unaware of the true nature of the disturbance, flee to the mortal realm in a search to find the reason for the turmoil. Hercules, a man whose strength is like nothing ever seen, is the only one who can save the world, both mortal and immortal, and his father from certain doom. Take control of the legendary hero as you travel around the land in search of a cure, and to stop Ares from completing his plan.


Xena: Warrior Princess (video game)

Xena: Warrior Princess is a "beat 'em up" video game that was released on the PlayStation in September 30, 1999, developed by "VU Games" and published by Electronic Arts, based on the .

Playing as the television series' title character, you must rescue your companion, Gabrielle, from a fate worse than death and fight the forces responsible for her capture in the first place. The game is played from a third-person perspective and revolves around slashing, jumping, and kicking your way through a series of 3D environments. Various button combinations produce special combo moves like those seen on the show, but since mashing the buttons alone appears to work well, you will not be inclined to learn the combinations. Xena can also use power-ups, which she will find along the way, as well as her trademark chakram. Once you throw the chakram, the perspective switches to that of the whirling circle, which you are able to aim, after a fashion. Once it hits something, it is propelled back. The downside to using it is that Xena is defenseless while the weapon is in the air, so you have got to use it wisely when you are under fire from archers perched up above or from multiple opponents on the ground. You use the chakram to flip switches, cut chains, and pick off opponents from a distance. These opponents sometimes become tougher targets because of the hostages they keep so near to them.




Xena: Warrior Princess: The Talisman of Fate

Xena: Warrior Princess: The Talisman of Fate is a fighting video game. It was released on the Nintendo 64. The game was created by Saffire and published by Titus Software. It is based on the "" television series.

It seems that Xena and Despair (the Champion of Dahak) have both said the Talisman of Fate belongs to them. Whoever controls it will have power over all of mankind. Because of this, Xena does not want it to belong to someone who would do bad things with it. A battle takes place, but the Fates themselves decide that the only way to who should have the talisman is to have a tournament. Each of Earth's greatest heroes and villains will fight in the tournament. 

Up to four people can play. Each player controls one of the many characters from the series and tries to beat everyone else with punches, kicks, and many special moves. Xena has her sword, the Chakram, and a torch that lets her breathe fire; Gabrielle has her staff, some very good kicks, and a meditation-into-projectile attack. The game is 3D.



Kevin Sorbo

Kevin David Sorbo (born September 24, 1958) is an American actor. He is best known for the roles of Hercules on "" and Captain Dylan Hunt in "Andromeda".

Sorbo was born in Mound, Minnesota, where he attended Mound Westonka High School. He is the son of Ardis, a nurse, and Lynn Sorbo, a junior high school mathematics and biology teacher. He is of Norwegian descent and was raised in a Lutheran family. Sorbo was educated at Moorhead State University and worked as a model for print and television advertising in the 1980s.

Sorbo started his acting career in the late 1980s making guest appearances in several television series such as "1st & Ten", "Murder She Wrote" and "The Commish". He was considered for and lost out to Dean Cain as Superman in "Lois and Clark: The New Adventures of Superman" and was a possible contender for the role of Agent Mulder in "The X Files" which went to David Duchovny.

In 1994 he shot to fame for playing the role of Hercules in the television movie "Hercules and the Amazon Women". This was the first in a series of television movies that served as pilots for the TV series "" which ran from 1995 to 1999. The series was a huge ratings success throughout different countries becoming one of the most popular syndicated shows in television history and becoming Sorbo's most well-known role. He also guest-starred as Hercules in episodes of the spin-off series "" and provided the voice of Hercules in the animated movie "" which released in 1998. In between the years playing "Hercules" he played his first leading movie role in "Kull the Conqueror" (1997).

After Hercules came to an end he played the starring role of Captain Dylan Hunt in the science-fiction drama series "Andromeda" from 2000 to 2005. In 2006 he played a recurring role on the final season of "The O.C" and guest-starred in the sitcom "Two and a Half Men". In 2007 he appeared in the direct-to-video movie "Walking Tall: The Payback" which is a sequel to the 2004 movie "Walking Tall" . He reprised his role in the second sequel "Walking Tall: Lone Justice" which released later that year. He also starred in the Lifetime Channel movie "Last Chance Café", the Hallmark Channel movie "Avenging Angel", co-starring his real life wife Sam Sorbo and guest starred as a bounty hunter in the season 2 episode "Bounty Hunters!" of the series "Psych". Most recently, he has appeared in the spoof movie "Meet the Spartans" which opened at Number One at the U.S. box office charts.

Sorbo married actress Sam Jenkins on January 5, 1998.Their first child, son Braedon Cooper Sorbo (7 lb. 8oz), was born on August 22, 2001. Second child, son Shane Haaken Sorbo was born on March 31, 2004. His birth weight of 12 lbs. 6oz. broke the Nevada hospital's record. The couple's third child, daughter Octavia Flynn Sorbo (8 lb. 7oz) was born on October 16, 2005.

Sorbo is the spokesman and chair of "A World Fit For Kids", a non-profit organization that trains teenagers to become mentors to younger children. 


Trauma Center: Under the Knife

Trauma Center: Under the Knife, known in Japan as , is a medical simulation video game made by Atlus for the Nintendo DS game console.

Oscar Niemeyer

Oscar Ribeiro de Almeida Niemeyer Soares Filho (December 15, 1907 December 5, 2012) was a Brazilian architect who is thought to be an important name in worldwide modern architecture. He was a pioneer in the idea of using reinforced concrete for buildings.

Buildings made by Niemeyer often have a lot of empty space, making odd patterns. The biggest work he made was the plan for the city of Brasília.

Politically, Niemeyer was a communist, which sometimes had a bad effect for him: When the military dictatorship of Brazil happened in 1964, Niemeyer was forced into exile in Paris. Fidel Castro once said "Niemeyer and I are the last Communists of this planet."

In 1988, Niemeyer won the Pritzker Prize.

In 2012, he died of cardiac arrest due to a respiratory tract infection.


Royal Ontario Museum

The Royal Ontario Museum or ROM, is a major museum for culture and natural history in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 

It is the largest museum in Canada and fifth largest in North America. It has more than six million things on display and over 40 galleries. It has notable collections of dinosaurs, Near Eastern and African art, East Asian art, European history, and Canadian history.

Centenarian

A centenarian is a person who has lived to be at least 100. Because people normally die before this age, the word centenarian is usually linked to longevity. The United States has the most centenarians, while Japan is second. 

Much more rare is a supercentenarian, who is a person that has lived to be at least 110. Famous supercentenarians have included Harry Patch, who was the last surviving British soldier of the First World War trenches. He died on 25 July 2009 (aged 111). For the last seven days of his life he was Britain's oldest man. Henry Allingham, another First World War veteran, had died a week earlier (aged 113). 


Le Lac-d'Issarlès

Le Lac-d'Issarlès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Le Roux, Ardèche

Le Roux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Le Teil

Le Teil is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.

Les Ollières-sur-Eyrieux

Les Ollières-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. The nearest towns are Privas and Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut.

The first records of a settlement go back to the 12th century. It is located on the banks of the Eyrieux river (a tributary to the Rhône river), Les Ollières (as it is often shortened to by the local people) became a central location for the treatment and processing of silk in the early 1700s.

The village has now become a tourist location, attracting many Dutch, German, Swiss and English tourists to its many camp sites during the summer months. Although some tourists have started to renovate old cottages and set up permanent or holiday homes in the area.

For the people of Les Ollières a daily bus service runs to Valence and Privas. The introduction of an occasional cinema also provides entertainment for people of the village and the neighboring villages.

Les Salelles, Ardèche

Les Salelles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Loubaresse, Ardèche

Loubaresse is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Auguste Comte

Auguste Comte (full name: Isidore Marie Auguste François Xavier Comte; January 17, 1798 – September 5, 1857) was a French thinker. He was one of the founders of sociology. He created the word from the Latin: "socius", "companion"; and the suffix "-ology", "the study of", from Greek λόγος, "lógos", "knowledge" ) He also started a way of thinking about and understanding human knowledge called positivism.

Comte was born on 19 January 1798 at Montpellier, in southern France. After attending the University of Montpellier, one of the oldest European universities, Comte was admitted to the École Polytechnique in Paris.

He married Caroline Massin, but divorced in 1842.

He died in Paris on 5 September 1857 and is buried at the famous Cimetière du Père Lachaise. His apartment from 1841-1857 is now conserved as the Maison d'Auguste Comte.

The law of three stages is a socio-historical idea of Auguste Comte. Comte said that knowledge developed in three stages. The first stage is the "theological" stage, in which Comte says that people use religion or gods to explain why things happen or where things came from. The second stage is the "metaphysical" or "abstract" stage, where people use philosophy and abstract ideas to think about their beliefs and explain things. The last stage is the "positive", regarding to the three stages of positivism. Comte said that society could shift into a positivist society if the sciences, including sociology, are all used to explain things.




George Berkeley

George Berkeley (12 March 1685 – 14 January 1753), or Bishop Berkeley, was an Irish bishop and philosopher.

Berkeley was one of the three 'British Empiricists', philosophers around the late 1600s and 1700s who believed in 'empiricism', the philosophy that everything we learn comes through our senses. The other British Empiricists included the Englishman John Locke and Scotsman David Hume.

His philosophy was called "immaterialism", or "subjective idealism". His idealism said that all our ideas came through sensations, but our senses didn't tell us anything about the world.

He said that Locke's belief in matter was wrong. He said that even though we can see, hear, taste, touch and smell, there was no way of knowing that our senses were reacting to matter, because to find out how accurate our senses were, we would need to study the very thing we use to study. Instead, he said that our experiences are caused by God, a being that is also a mind, like us, and powerful enough to create all our ideas and senses.

Berkeley was born at his family home, Dysart Castle, near Thomastown, County Kilkenny, Ireland. He was educated at Kilkenny College and attended Trinity College, Dublin, completing a Master's degree in 1707.



Colombier-le-Vieux

Colombier-le-Vieux is a commune in the Ardèche "department" in south France.

Sceautres

Sceautres is a commune in the Ardèche department in south France.

Bakot

Bakot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Bakot was badly affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake, as the place where the earthquake happened was nearby.

Bakot is in the east of Abbottabad District and is next to the Muzaffarabad and Bagh districts of Kashmir. It is also next the following Union Councils within Abbottabad District: to the north by Nambal, to the south by Berote Kalan and to the west by Phalkot, Namli Maira, Nagri Bala.

The Union Council of Bakote is made up of three areas these are: Bakot, Moolia and Sagnal.

Baldheri

Baldheri is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area.

The population of Baldheri Union Council is 14,796.

The village of Baldheri itself is at 34°15'0N 73°12'0E which is about 11 km east of Abbottabad city centre on the route towards Mansehra city on the main Mansehra Road. Mansehra is directly to the north, but because it is a very hilly area the roads do not go straight - so Baldheri is on the road from Mansehra to Abbottabad city.

Baldheri has a height of 1143 metres (3753 feet), the Union Council is between Ferozabad village to Tanan Village and Mangal to Halmaira.

The Union Council of Baldheri is made up of the following areas:
Baldheri, Gojri, Hal Maira Uta, Hal Maira Tarta, Jalalpura, More Kalan, Sajikot and Tannan

Qalandarabad is major town in Baldheri Union Council and is famous throughout Hazara for its Chapal Kebabs. The Bach Christian Hospital is in the town.

The Union Council of Baldheri consists of the following villages:


Like much of the Abbottabad area it is a very beautiful place, with fresh water streams running down from the hills and mountains. The main steam is called Mangal, and its water is very important for farming. There are primary schools almost in every village. Bach Christian Hospital is also here in Baldheri UC, this hospital was very important during the 2005 Pakistan earthquake that struck the area, due to its location on the Karakoram Highway.

Lussas

Lussas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Bandi Atti Khan

Bandi Atai Khan (also known as Banda Atai Khan) is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Bandi Atai Khan is in the south of the district at 34°02'60"N, 73°13'0"E. It has a height of 1035 metres (3398 feet).

Malarce-sur-la-Thines

Beerangali

Beeran Gali (also known as 'Berin Gali' or 'Baran Gali') is a Union Council of Abbottabad District, in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

This area used to be called "Baad Burhan" and is mentioned by Al Biruni in his famous book Ta'rikh al-Hind, The Chronicles of India, from 1030. Al Biruni describes Baad Burhan as a beautiful area.

The area is between two mountains, Thandiani and Miranjani. It is at 34°11'40N 73°21'50E and has an average elevation of 2176 metres (7142 feet) above sea-level.

The Union Council is made up of the following areas:
Andarseri, Beerangali and Jhafar.

Its population numbers about 12,300. The two main tribes are the Karlal or 'Kiraal' and the Quraishi.

Berote Kalan

Birote Kalan is one of the 51 Union councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The name of the Union Council - "Birote Kalan" means Greater Birote, this is because there is a small village called "Birote Khurd". The words Khurd and Kalan (little and big) are words that started being used in Mughal times - to tell the difference between two areas with the same name, so Birote Khurd means little Khurd, The words Khurd (small) and Kalan (big) is Taken form Persian. (Just like Britannia major means "Greater Britain" and Britannia minor means "Lesser Britain").

Birote Kalan is in the south eastern part of Abbottabad District and borders the Bagh District of Kashmir and so was affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake. Mushkpuri Peak is in West of Birote while Tehsil Dheerkot, District Bagh Azad Kashmir in East. In North District Muzzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir and Tehsil Murree in South.

The Union Council is made up of the following areas: Berote Kalan, Berote Khurd, Kahoo Gharbi and Kahoo Sharqi.

Berote is quite close to the Punjab area of Murree, in the district of Rawalpindi. 
Termuthian is the village which separates Khyber Pakhtunkhwa from Punjab Province. Termuthian is a small valley from where you can view the heights of Mushkpuri, Kashmir, Bagh, and Circle Bakote. It is an area mostly inhabited by the Dhund Abbasi's.

Boi Union Council

Boi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Boi means "fragrance of roses".

Boi is in the northwest part of Abbottabad District. It is next to Kashmir (Muzaffarabad District). It is located at 34°18'10N 73°26'20E and has an average elevation of 853 metres (2801 feet).

The Union Council is made up of the following areas Didal, Barbeen, Nakka, Bandi Pahar, Bandi Hamza, Gali Mohri, Bandi Samand, Boi, Batangi, Tori, Phogram, Chak, Sumbli Dheri, Pal, Rankot,Makrela,Dana(Tald),Lari(mehras),Sambli deri,saran,Sathal and Batangi.

Chamhad

Chamad (also known as Chamhad) is one of the 51 Union Councils (subdivisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Chamad is located at 34°7'0N 73°4'60E, in the west of the district where it borders Haripur District, it has a height of 870 metres (2857 feet).

The Union Council is made up of areas: Khani Thathiara, Shadial, Chamhad, Fateh Bandi, Sarbangala, Chamak Mera, Bagh Darah, Bermgali, Bisala, Mohal, Baln Seri, Bain Noora, Bain Gojra, Bothiala, Jattal, Baghati, Thana, Kasaki Khurd, Kasaki Kalan, Daroparh and Bhoraj.

Dalola

Dalola is one of the 51 Union Councils (sub-divisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Dalola is located at 34°21'20N 73°23'50E. Its elevation is . It is in the northwest of the district and is the most northern part of the district. It borders Mansehra District of to the north and the Muzaffarabad District of Kashmir to the east. It was hit quite badly by the 2005 Pakistan Earthquake.

The Union Council is divided into the following areas: Dabban, Daloa and Naroka.

Dewal Manal

Dewal Manal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The main tribe of this Union Council is the Karlal.

Dewal Manal is in the southern part of Abbottabad district, it borders the following Union Councils, Nara and Seer Gharbi (to the South), Nathia Gali and Nagri Bala to the east and Garhi Phulgran to (to the west and north).

The Union Council is made up of the following areas: Chehr, Dewal Manal, Makool Payeen, Nagri Tarli and Sajkot.

Ghari Phulgran

Garhi Phulgran is one of the 51 Union Councils (administrative subdivisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The Union Council is made up of the following areas: Garhi Phulgran, Takia Sheikhan, Ghora Bazgram, Harnara, Kiala, Mannan, Rajoya and Thith Ochar. Until the local government reforms of 2000, Rajoya was separate Union Council.

Goreeni

Goreeni is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Goreeni is in the South of Abbottabad District and forms part of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa's border with Punjab province where it lies next to Murree Tehsil of Rawalpindi District.

The Union Council of Goreeni is made up of the following areas: Bagla, Bajarian, Banwari, Danah, Goreeni, Kotal, Palasi and Surna Garhage.

Haveliani Urban

Haveliani Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is at the west of the district.

Jarral, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

The Union Council of Jarral is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Jarral is 35 km from the city of Abbottabad. It is also approachable from Haripur, which is about 25 Kilometer from the town. It is in a valley which is surrounded by large forested mountains on three sides. These forests have a number of wild animals, such as jackals, wolves, pigs, porcupines and sometimes tigers. On the south of the valley there is the famous Tarbela Dam Jheel. The southern area of Jarral UC borders Haripur District. Jabbi is a scenic hill station in the suburbs of Jarral. Jarral has many small related areas:

Jarral has a population of over 10,000. The local language is Hindko while Urdu and English are understood. The Tanoli is the main tribe of Jarral. But there is significant number of Awans and Syeds. A lot of people from Jarral are living abroad in countries like USA, UK, UAE, Saudi Arabia and other countries around the globe. Jarral is the main market area and people from nearby come to shop. A very beautiful mosque, the Jamia Masjid Jarral, is of historic and architectural significance. It is well known for old-styled wooden door, which is a mater piece of carved art on wood. This old town has also relics of thousands of years old deserted town on a nearby hill on west side.

Locals grow crops such as maize (makai) and wheat (kanak). Different vegetables are also grown by people for their own use.

There are four schools in Jarral: Government Primary School for Boys, Govt High School for Boys, Govt Girls High School and Fatima Jinnah Public School Jarral (English Medium). Adult Literacy rate in Jarral is more than 80%.

The Union Council is made up of the following areas: Bacha Sani, Kachhian, Pajwarh, Gul Bandi, Jabbi, Jarral, Khuliala, Bandi Dara, Sohai Dara, Sorha Dara, Kotnali and Nakhey Syedan.

Mayres, Ardèche

Mayres is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.

Mazan-l'Abbaye

Mazan-l'Abbaye is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Mirabel, Ardèche

Mirabel is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Montpezat-sous-Bauzon

Montpezat-sous-Bauzon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Montréal, Ardèche

Montréal is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Colombier-le-Cardinal

Colombier-le-Cardinal is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Colombier-le-Jeune

Colombier-le-Jeune is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Le Crestet

Le Crestet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Salavas

Salavas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Orgnac-l'Aven

Orgnac-l'Aven is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

The Aven d'Orgnac cave is located near the village.

Payzac, Ardèche

Payzac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

L'incoronazione di Poppea

L'incoronazione di Poppea () is an opera in three acts by Claudio Monteverdi. The libretto is by Giovanni Francesco Busenello. The first performance was in the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo, Venice in 1643. It was the last opera that Monteverdi composed.

Most operas in the early 17th century were about mythological stories or stories from the Christian religion. This story, however, is about something that happened in the history of ancient Rome. It is about the evil emperor Nero and how he married Poppea. The gods still play a part in the opera, especially Cupid.

Although the opera is called "The Coronation of Poppea" we do not actually see any coronation ceremony.

Monteverdi was an experienced composer when he wrote this and the opera has some of his best music. The orchestra is only a small group of instruments: strings, recorders, cornetts (an old kind of trumpet), percussion, harp, lutes and gambas. The music does not divide sharply between recitative (narrating music) and aria (set songs), but flows gently from one type to the other.

When listening to this opera it is important to remember that in the 17th century men often sang women’s parts and women sang men’s parts. A part such as Nero would have been sung by a castrato. Nowadays it can either be sung by a countertenor (a man) or a mezzo-soprano (a woman). There are scenes in this opera where the actors disguise themselves as the opposite sex. In the 17th century opera audiences did not find anything unusual about a man pretending to be a woman pretending to be a man or the other way round.

The duet between Nero and Poppea at the end of the opera may have been written by another composer. 

The goddesses Fortune and Virtue are having an argument. They are being nasty to one another, each one is saying that she is better and more powerful than the other. Cupid (the god of love) comes in and says that he is even greater than they are, and that he rules both of them. Fortune and Virtue do not dare to disagree with him.

Otho, who is Poppea’s lover, returns to his house and finds that the emperor Nero is in his house spending the night with Poppea. Nero’s guards have surrounded the house. Nero tells Poppea he has to go now, but that he loves her and will come back very soon. When he is gone, Arnalta, Poppea’s nurse, warns her that her affair with Nero will bring trouble. Octavia, Nero’s wife, is very sad that her husband is having an affair with someone else and hopes that the gods will punish him. Her nurse comforts her, saying that she ought to find herself a new lover to make Nero cross, but Octavia has too much honour to do such a thing. The philosopher Seneca tells her that she should just accept her fate. The page boy tells the philosopher he is stupid.

Nero tells Seneca that he is going to get rid of his wife and marry Poppea. Seneca warns Nero that the people will not like this, but Nero does not care. He is emperor and can do what he likes. Nero tells Poppea that he loves her so much that he wants to make her empress. Poppea says to Nero that Seneca believes that Nero is only powerful because he (Seneca) can guide him. Nero immediately believes her and says Seneca should be killed. Otho has been watching this scene. He goes to Poppea and tries to get her love back, but Poppea says she belongs to Nero now. Otho realizes that Poppea just wants power, and he knows that Nero will order him to be killed when he finds out that he used to be Poppea’s lover, so he decides he will have to kill Poppea.

Otho goes to Drusilla who is in love with him. He tells her that he loves her, but he quietly says that Poppea is still in his heart.

The god Mercury warns Seneca that he is going to die. Seneca is quite happy with the news, because it will mean that he will live with the gods in heaven. Liberto, a messenger (his name means “a freed slave”), comes to tell Seneca that Nero is going to have him killed. He is surprised when Seneca already knows. There is a short scene in which the Page flirts with the Lady-in-Waiting. Nero, with his friend Lucan, sings in praise of Poppea.

Octavia tells Otho to disguise himself in woman’s clothes and to go and kill Poppea. She says that he will tell Nero bad things about him if he doesn’t. There is a comic scene between the Page and the Nurse. Drusilla lets Otho borrow her clothes to disguise himself. Poppea is in her garden being lulled to sleep by Arnalta. Cupid sings a song, promising to protect her. When Otho, disguised as Drusilla, comes to kill her, Cupid stops him. 

Drusilla is happy because her rival is going to die. The guards immediately arrest her thinking that she tried to kill Poppea (it was actually Otho in disguise). Drusilla realizes she was stupid to lend Otho her clothes. She tells Nero that she is guilty. Otho then speaks and tells Nero what happened. Nero punishes him by telling him to leave Rome and go and live in a faraway wilderness. Nero also sends Octavia away from Rome. He says she must be put in a boat and left to the mercy of the winds. Octavia sings a farewell song to Rome. Arnalta sings a comic song about how important he now is as the empress’s nurse. The opera finishes with a beautiful love duet for Nero and Poppea.

Groves Dictionary of Music Online

Queen's Park F.C.

Queen's Park Football Club is a famous football club based in Glasgow, Scotland, and is the oldest football club in Scotland, founded in 1867, and the oldest outside of England and Wales. The club has a lot of history and tradition, and is still the only amateur club in the Scottish League. The club's home is one of 29 UEFA five-star stadia, the all-seated Hampden Park in south east Glasgow, which is also the home of the Scottish national team. Queen's Park have won the Scottish Cup the third most amount of times, behind Rangers and Celtic.

The club's amateur status is reflected by their motto, "Ludere causa Ludendi". This means "to play for the sake of playing".

Jhangi

Jhangi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is also known as Jhangi Syedan to the local people. It is to the north of Abbottabad city (the district capital). It includes the northwestern parts of the city, its suburbs, and outlying villages.

Jhangi is at 34°12'0N 73°13'60E with a height of 1201 metres (3943 feet). To the south is the city of Abbottabad.

The Union Councils is administratively subdivided into the following areas: 

Other villages are:


Jhangra

Jhangra is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the southwest of the district.

The Union Council of Jhangra is administratively subdivided into the following areas: Chamba, Darooni Maira, Havelian village, Jhangra, Kalu Maira, Mala, Nowshera, Sultanpur and Wazeera.

Jhangra is located at 34°1'0N 73°7'60E with a height of 836 metres (2746 feet).

Kakul

Kakul is a hamlet and union council in the Kakul Valley of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is 5 km north of Abbottabad city near the Thandiani Hills at a height of 1300 metres. The Pakistan Military Academy is also located here.

Kakul was historically a small village in the suburbs of Abbottabad, close to the larger Nawanshehr hamlet, which was owned by the Jadoon Pashtun tribe. When the Hazara region was annexed to British India in 1849, the then District Commissioner Major James Abbott decided to build a cantonment town which was founded in 1853 as Abbottabad; and at that time, a smaller military station or tented garrison was set up close to Kakul. In 1900-1901 this site became one of the first 'concentration camps' for Boer Prisoners of War (POWs) from the Anglo-Boer War, where some 400 such prisoners were held until 1903. In 1904-1905, a part of this camp became the British Indian Armys Mountaineering and PE Camp, whereas the rest was made into the zonal headquarters of the Royal Indian Army Supply Corps(RIASC). This position lasted until 1947, when after Independence the new Pakistan Army decided to set up the Pakistan Military Academy here, which was done in 1948.

The small township of Kakul is the capital of Kakul Union Council. The Union Council is divided into the following areas: Balolia, Kakul, Mandroch Kalan, Mandroch Khurd, Nawansher Janoobi and Nawansher Shamali.

Kehal Urban

Kehal Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the west of the district.

Kukmang

Kukmang is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Kukmang is located at 34°16'20N 73°25'30E and has a height of 1208 metres (3966 feet). It is in the northwest of the district, it borders Boi to the north and Pattan Kalan to the east.

The Union Council of Kukmang is divided into the following areas: Kothiala, Kukmang and Pattan Khurd, as part of the local government reforms of 2000 Pattan Khurd Union Council was merged into Kukmang.

Yasir Hameed Qureshi was the first player of Pakistan National Cricket team who participated in international cricket with two test centuries. His family migrated to Peshawer in 1965 but has family members remaining in Kukmang Union Council.

Kuthiala

Kothiala is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Bagakot - Naka - Nalla - Doga - jab - Gali Syedan - Golra - Panyali - Salyot - Sora - Mukdabi Gup - Brahan - Todumira - Nalla (tudumira) - Tali - Misser -karmatti- Poona - Chakuli - Cheera thandi Khuiy - Hall Syedian - Tarada - Mubarak - Kalya - Char - Lunda - Daki -Beeri Patyan - Cahri - Banjgalli - Paswal - Soban Galli - Chariala -

The main tribes are:
Tanolis 
Awan
Syed
Gujr 

Kuthwal

Kuthwal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is northwest of Abbottabad city (the district capital).

The main villages of this Union Council are Kuthwal, Bandi Mansoor, School Wali Gali, Gali Banian, Chatry Balla, Dunna Sharif, Maira Rehmat Khan Mohra Kalan and Charti.


Langra, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Langra is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Langra is at 34°4'0N 73°10'0E at a height of 871 metres (2860 feet). It is to the south of Abbottabad city, neighbouring Union councils are, Salhad - which is to the north and forms the approach to Abbottabad city, Rajoya to the east, Havelian to the South and Kokal to the west (which forms the approach to Haripur District).

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Banda Sahib Khan, Lari and Langra.

2 (disambiguation)

2 and two may mean:

In music

In sports:

In television:

2 may also mean:

Langrial

Langrial is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the south west of the district and borders Haripur District.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Basgora, Chotala, Dabran, Danna Nooral, Faqir Mohammad, Gali Batgran, Karkaki, Langrial, Lassan and Manjia. Other villages are Kialapain and Basara.

3 (disambiguation)

3 and three may mean:


In music and film:

3 can also mean:

3 looks similar to:

Murree

Murree is a mountain resort town in the Rawalpindi District of Punjab, Pakistan. It is in the north of Punjab and is near the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and Kashmir.

From Pindi Point one can see the cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad.

Malikpura Urban

Malikpura Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the west of the district.

Malikpura is the one of most populated union councils of Abbottabad city/urban area and an old settled area of the municipal committee.Many prominent people in the past have been residents of Malikpura at one time or the other, including ex-president of Pakistan General Mohammad Ayub Khan,Justice Sajjad Ahmad Jan, ex-Chief Minister of NWFP, Sahibzada Sir Abdul Qayyum Khan,Chaudhry Mohammad Ali ex-Vice Chancellor of the Peshawar University, famous local freedom movement activist Jalal-ud-din Baba,Sheikh Ghulam Khalid Sehgal and others.

Mir Pur

Mirpur is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the west of the district.

Mojohan

Mojohan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the west of the district.

2 BC

Year 2 BC was a common year starting on Thursday or Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Silvanus.




Nagri Bala

Nagri Bala is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The union council of Nagri Bala is found in the south central part of Abbottabad District, and lies to the south east of Abbottabad city - the capital city of the district. Union councils bordering Nagri Bala are - Bagnotar to the north, Nathia Gali to the east, and Garhi Phulgran to the south.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Akhroota, Makool Bala, Nagri Bala and Tatreela kasala

Nagri Totial

Nagri Tutial (also known as Nagri Totial) is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Nagri Tutial which means "the town of the Tutials" is named after Abassi chief Toota Khan (a son of Doomat Khan).

Most of the people of Nagri Tutial are from the Tutial branch of the Dhund Abbasi tribe.

Nagri Tutial a famous and beautiful village in Pakistan. It is in the south east of the district, next to the Punjab. Nagri Tutial shares a borders with the other Union Councils in Abbottabad District - to the north and east with Seer Gharbi, to the west with Nara, and to the south with Lora. Nagri Tutial is 1243 metres (4081 feet) above the level of the sea.

The people or Nagri Tutial are hardworking and dedicated and work far away in various places, throughout Pakistan, to earn their living. They are politically conscious and careful in electing their local representatives. In the past, members of parliament from this area have done little or nothing to help in development and this has made the majority of people wary. 
At this time, the people have only just recently obtained a regular electricity supply to the village. They have also had various roads built connecting them to various parts, the earliest such roads were the Upper Dewal—Kohala Road and the Ghora Gali—Lora Road begun in 1964, and finished in 1968. Since then, there is a regular and strong local demand for more tourism infrastructure development and basic facilities.

Nambal, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Nambal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Nambal is a mountainous area in the east of the district bordering Kashmir, where it has trade and tribal links. The Union Council takes its name from the main village of the area - i.e. Nambal.

There are also famous villages called Leeran,Bribagla, Mujot, Langaloot, Nakthar,Mujhot,etc. at the top of a mountain with a view of Azad Kashmir, Murree and Thandiani. Because of the mountains this small valley is very difficult to get to.

The valley is full of Bhayar trees.and at the top of these villages a beautiful view of TOPA, there is beautiful forest of Bhayar tree. As these village are on a mountain it receives 3–4 feet of snow during winter. Winters are extremely cold while summers are very pleasant.

The Union Council is divided into two areas Majuhan and Nambal - as part of the local government reforms of 2000 Majuhan was merged into Nambal Union Council.

Namli Maira

Namli Maira is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

8 October 2005 was one of the worst days in the history of Pakistan. An earthquake of magnitude 7.6 struck the Northern Areas as well as Kashmir. The quake brought huge destruction. Namli Maira was partially damaged, but the aftershocks were felt in this area even in December. Houses were damaged but the death toll was very low.

Namli Maira is between 34° 07.33' N, 073° 23.00' E in Abbottabad District. The Union Council is a collection of small hamlets, and takes its name from the largest two, Namli and Maira. These settlements are nestled on mountains about 20 kilometres from the city of Abbottabad. Miranjani, the highest peak of the area, is also in Namli Maira.

From Mera Jani, Azad Kashmir, River Jhelum, (Kohala) Tarbela lake, Abbottabad city, Havelian, Mountains of Naran kaghan & IIOJK and other far places can easily be seen.

Namli Maira is mainly a mountainous rural area. The nearest city to Namli Maira is Abbottabad which is also its Tehsil and District capital.

The Union Council is administratively divided into the following areas: Dhaki Khaitar, Namli Maira, Noormang and Pangoora.

The majority of the people of Namli Maira belong to the Karlal tribe. Other tribes in this area are: Turks, the Mughals, Malik and Awans and Dhund Abbasi, although they are in a minority. People are religious and are all Muslims.

Fruit like pears, apples, black grapes, grapes, figs, peaches, damson plums, mulberries, wild figs, lemons, and apricots grow in abundance in Namli Maira. As the hill people lack awareness about the markets, these fruits only meet the requirement of local people. They are not for sale in a market.

Most of the area of these hilly hamlets and villages is covered with trees. Peaks are covered with evergreen trees including pine, walnut, oak and maple trees. Herbs, shrubs, wild flowers and thorny bushes can be seen in abundance. Goats and other pet animals graze in pastures. Most of the people used forest wood as fuel for daily use and also for home construction.

Literacy rate: Namli Maira village has one of the highest literacy rates for the district. The literacy rate of Namli Maira is about 85%. There are both girls' and boys' schools here. There are primary schools for boys and girls, Government Boys High School, and Girls High school. Private English Medium Schools (Model Public School Namli, Habib Model School Etc.) are also here – these account for the high literacy rate.

Nara, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Nara is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Nara is in the southern part of the district. The Union Council of Nara takes its name from the village of Nara. The main tribe of this Union Council are the Karlal.

The Union Council of Nara is subdivided into the following areas: Changah, Dakhan, Gohra, Kanger Hoter, Kehan, Maira Ulla, Mari, Mohri-Badbhen, Nara and Satora.

Nathia Gali

Nathia Gali or Nathiagali () is one of the mountain holiday towns of the Galyat area of Pakistan. It is one of the most popular tourist areas of the Murree Hills, with fairly good facilities and is on the road from Murree to Abbottabad lying midway between the two. The main tribe of Nathia Gali is the Karlal.

During British rule Nathia Gali, then part of Abbottabad Tehsil of Hazara District, was the summer headquarters of the Chief Commissioner. The town along with Dunga Gali was a notified area.

It is in Abbottabad District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province. At 2,500 m (8,200 ft) height from the sea level, it is a popular tourist resort in the summer months. It is forested with pine, walnut and also broad-leaved oak and maple trees.

It is about two and a half hours car drive away from Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan.

"Mukshpuri" and "Miranjani" are the two nearby high peaks both of which are favoured by hikers. The Mukshpuri track is wide and easy to hike. The Miranjani track, on the other hand, is a bit more difficult as it has steeper height and the track is narrow at some places. Both of these peaks could be reached within 2 to 3 hours by hiking. In case of clear weather one could catch a glimpse of Nangaparbat peak some 400 kilometres away from top of these peaks. More serious hikers also go from Nathia Gali to "Thandiani" on foot via Miranjani peak. However, the travel takes more than a day therefore proper preparation for such a trip is required. Facilities of local guides are easily available. It is advisable to acquire the services of a local guide for any hiking trip in view of the presence of wildlife in the surrounding forests. 

Nathia Gali has been declared a wildlife sanctuary by the Government. Monkeys, leopards and variety of other birds and animals are common in the forest surrounding Nathia Gali. Monkeys’ foraging on trees is not an uncommon sight in Nathia Gali.
Nathia Gali has a mini bazaar. It has a variety of local handicrafts and products available. From traditional shawls, scarves, and embroidered fabrics to intricate woodwork and handmade jewelry, this bazaar is a treasure trove for souvenir hunters. The nearest place to Nathia Gali is Kala Bagh.

A number of hotels and guest houses are available in Nathia Gali which provide reasonable accommodation to the tourists. The best available hotels are Pine View Hotel and Greens Hotel. 

Nathia Gali also has a small seasonal church, St Matthews (attached to the St Luke's Church, Abbottabad) which was constructed during the time of the British Raj. It is totally made of wood. It is at the edge of the mountain from which there is a beautiful sight. Kashmir can be seen right behind this church, and is a wonderful scene.

The Union Council of Nathia Gali is divided into the following areas: Bagan, Donga Gali, Jhansa, Keri Sarafali, Lassan, Malach, Nathiagali and Pasala.



Fibonacci number

The Fibonacci numbers are a sequence of numbers in mathematics named after Leonardo of Pisa, known as Fibonacci. Fibonacci wrote a book in 1202, called "Liber Abaci" ("Book of Calculation"), which introduced the number pattern to Western European mathematics, although mathematicians in India already knew about it. 

The first number of the pattern is 0, the second number is 1, and each number after that is equal to adding the two numbers right before it together. For example 0+1=1 and 3+5=8. This sequence goes on forever. 

This can be written as a recurrence relation,

For this to make sense, at least two starting points need to be given. Here, formula_2 and formula_3. 

Fibonacci numbers are related to the "golden ratio", which shows up in many places in buildings and in nature. Some examples are the pattern of leaves on a stem, the parts of a pineapple, the flowering of artichoke, the uncurling of a fern and the arrangement of a pine cone. The Fibonacci numbers are also found in the family tree of honeybees.

The nth Fibonacci number can be written in terms of the golden ratio. This avoids having to use recursion to calculate Fibonacci numbers, which can take a computer a long time to do.

Where formula_5, the golden ratio.


Prades, Ardèche

Prades is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Trans-Karakoram Tract

The Trans-Karakoram Tract is an area of approximately 5,300 km² that was transferred by a border agreement from the Pakistani-administered Northern Areas to China in 1963 with the proviso that the settlement was subject to the final solution of the Kashmir dispute. Pakistan says that it was a no-man's undemarcated border land, hence no question arises of its being transferred. It is claimed by India as part of the state of Jammu and Kashmir.

The tract, called Shaksgam, is technically part of Shigar, a valley of Baltistan region of Ladakh Province. The Raja of Shigar controlled this land until 1971, when Pakistan abolished the Raja government system. A polo ground in Shaksgam was built by the Amacha Royal family of Shigar, and the Rajas of Shigar used to invite the Amirs of Yarkand to play polo there. All the names of the mountains, lakes, rivers and passes are in Balti/Ladakhi, suggesting that this land has been part of Baltistan/Ladakh province for a long time.

The Tract is one of the most inhospitable areas of the world, with some of the highest mountains including Broad Peak, Gasherbrum and Masherbrum, and is adjacent to the highest battlefield in the world at Siachen Glacier.

Prunet, Ardèche

Prunet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Ribes, Ardèche

Ribes is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Rocher, Ardèche

Rocher is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Rocles, Ardèche

Rocles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Sagnes-et-Goudoulet

Saint-Alban-Auriolles

Saint-Alban-en-Montagne

Saint-André-Lachamp

Dead Sea scrolls

The Dead Sea Scrolls are about 1,000 documents. They include texts from the Hebrew Bible. They were found between 1947 and 1979 in eleven caves in and around the Wadi Qumran (near the ruins of the ancient settlement of Khirbet Qumran, on the northwest shore of the Dead Sea) in the West Bank. The religious and historical texts are very important as they include practically the only known surviving copies of Biblical documents made before 100 CE. They show evidence of many different beliefs and practices within late Second Temple Judaism. 


Saint-Montan

Saint-Montan is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Andéol-de-Berg

Saint-Andéol-de-Berg is a commune in the Ardèche department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France.


Saint-Andéol-de-Vals

Saint-Bauzile, Ardèche

Saint-Bauzile is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.


Saint-Cierge-la-Serre

Saint-Cierge-la-Serre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in the Rhône Valley in southern France.


Saint-Cirgues-de-Prades

Saint-Cirgues-de-Prades is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Cirgues-en-Montagne

Saint-Didier-sous-Aubenas

Saint-Genest-de-Beauzon

Saint-Fortunat-sur-Eyrieux

Saint-Georges-les-Bains

Saint-Germain, Ardèche

Saint-Germain is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Gineis-en-Coiron

Saint-Jean-le-Centenier

Saint-Joseph-des-Bancs

Saint-Julien-du-Gua

Saint-Lager-Bressac

Saint-Lager-Bressac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Oak Creek Township, Saunders County, Nebraska

Oak Creek is a township of Saunders County, in the state of Nebraska, in the United States. As of 2020, 916 people were living in the township. The village of Valparaiso is in Oak Creek.


Buzzcocks

Buzzcocks were a punk rock band from Bolton, England. They started in 1976.


Dysprosium

Dysprosium () is a chemical element with the symbol Dy and atomic number 66. It has a very high melting temperature of 1,407°C. It can also absorb neutrons. This makes it very suitable for use with nuclear reactors and lasers. 

Dysprosium is a rare earth element that has a metallic, bright silver luster.

Dysprosium was first identified in Paris in 1886 by French chemist Paul Émile Lecoq de Boisbaudran.



Anti-Flag

Anti-Flag is a punk rock band from Pittsburgh. They were formed in 1988.










New York Dolls

New York Dolls are a glam punk band from New York City. They were formed in 1971. They sometimes dressed in women's clothes. They made two albums: "New York Dolls" (1973) and "Too Much Too Soon" (1974). Two of their members, Johnny Thunders and Jerry Nolan started the punk band The Heartbreakers.

Dead Milkmen

Dead Milkmen were a punk band from Philadelphia. They were formed in 1983.

The Donnas

The Donnas were a hard rock band from Palo Alto, California. They were formed in 1993. The members are all girls.


Weezer

Weezer is an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles. They were formed in 1992.




Jefferson Airplane

Jefferson Airplane was a psychedelic rock band from San Francisco. They were formed in 1965.

Some bands that were formed with members of Jefferson Airplane after they broke up include Jefferson Starship and Starship, while bands that modeled them include Hot Tuna and KBC Band.

Jefferson Airplane was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.

Jefferson Airplane formed in San Francisco during the summer of 1965, and signed a recording contract with RCA Records in November of that year.








County government in Nebraska

County government in Nebraska is organized in two ways:


Other county officials (such as the county Surveyor and the election commissioners) are appointed; in smaller counties, these officials may be shared by multiple counties.


Nawansher Urban

Nawansher Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the north of the district.

4chan

4chan is an English language website based on the Japanese Futaba Channel where people can post and discuss pictures and other images. Sites such as these are called imageboards. It was started in 2003 by "moot" also known as Christopher Poole, who was 15 years old at the time. On the website, users post pictures and discuss them. When the site started, it was for discussing anime and manga, but now many other topics are discussed. One of the boards on the site, called "/b/", is dedicated to random topics and is often mentioned in media. Several Internet memes have started at 4chan, including lolcats and rickrolling. People have associated it with the alt-right, Neo-Nazis and Holocaust deniers, as well as those part of the Red-Brown coalition, due to there being sections devoted to them.

Palak

Palak is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Palak is in the southeastern edge of Abbottabad District and is next to Punjab province and Kashmir, it is also next to the following Union Councils of Abbottabad District, Seer Gharbi to the west, Nathiagali to the North and Malkot to the north west.

Palak is the gateway into Abbottabad District.

Palak is the largest Union Council of the Circle Bakote area, in 2000 Malkot which used to be a Union Council was joined into Palak.

Palak UC is subdivided into the following areas:
Arwar, Darwaza, Kala Bon, Longal, Malkot, Palak, Riala (Riyala) and Soorjal (Surajaal).

The total population of the Palak is almost 5,000, the main tribes of Palak are the Dhund Abbasi, Gujars and Sattis.

Palak (disambiguation)

Palak may refer to:


Palak Muchhal

Palak Muchhal is teenager singer from Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. She and her younger brother Palaash Muchhal perform stage shows across India and abroad to raise funds for the poor children who need money for treatment of heart disease.

Pattan Kalan

Pattan Kalan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Pattan Kalan is in the eastern edge of Abbottabad District and is next to Muzaffarabad District of Kashmir. It is also next the following Union Councils of Abbottabad District, Kukmang and Boi to the north, Kuthwal to the west, Beerangali and Nambal to the south

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Bandi Sararha, Banota, Chamiali, drair,Khokhriala, Larri, Sialkot,Dawatta , khoi , bagla

Maseena Kalan and Pattan Kalan. Maseena Kalan is a big village.

Dysnomia (moon)

Dysnomia is the only known moon of the dwarf planet Eris. It was found on September 10, 2005 by Michael E. Brown and his team at the W. M. Keck Observatory. It is probably about 600 km in diameter (across), although it may be up to 800 km in diameter. The moon was named "Dysnomia" (from the Ancient Greek word that means "lawlessness") after the daughter of the Greek goddess Eris.

Pawa Union Council

Pawa is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The Union Council of Pawa is in the North West of the district (and to the north west of Abbottabad city) towards Mansehra District. Neighbouring Union Councils are Kothiala to the south and Thathi Faqir Sahib to the north.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas:

Phalkot

Phalkot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Most of the people are Awans with some Dhund Abbasis. Most of the people are poor and lead a simple life.

Phalkot Malsa is located at 34° 9' 40N 73° 22' 30E and has a height of 1747 metres (5734 feet).

The Union Council is subdivided into two areas Phalkot and Malsa, that include other settlements including Kutli Sehana Jandar Bari Buni Gali and Upri Kutli.

The Hindko language is widely spoken throughout the area, Urdu being national language also understand and spoken here. English and Pashto is spoken and understood by some people

Trans-Neptunian object

Trans-Neptunian object or TNO is a name astronomers give to any minor planet in the Solar System which orbits (goes around) the Sun beyond the planet Neptune. There are over a thousand of them. Many are in the Kuiper belt.

Phallah

Phallah is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan. 

The following villages are in the Union Council of Phallah:

The karaals (Karlal) and Dhund Abbasis are about 50% of its total population. Other tribes like Awans, Rajput, Khokhars, Moghals are also living side by side with harmony and brotherhood. Students of Phallah used to very famous in surrounding area due to their intelligence. The people of Phallah are well educated and are serving as doctors, engineers, defence forces officers, lawyers and accountants, s well as in several other professions.

Phallah Village is on the Lora Road.
The Union Council of Phallah is in the most south-westerly part of Abbottabad District, to the east it is bordered by Haripur District and to the south it borders the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province. Due to its location it is an easily accessible village. Phallah is on the backside of Marghalla hills. Islamabad is 15 km away from Phallah. To the east of Phallah muree is away.

Pind Kargu Khan

Pind Kargu Khan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan it is 28 km from Abbottabad city.

The huge forest of pine tree named Kohe-e-Balehana is located on the peak of Sando Gali, most of the people are farming - the main crops are maze and wheat. It has a beautiful valley with the flower of Rose, Chambali (Jasmine), Sunflower. 

The main fruits are Apricot, Grapes, Pomegranate, Watermelon, Pear, Guava, Lemon, Locate, Peach, Apple, strawberry etc.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Bacha Kalan, Bacha Khurd, Bandi Nikra, Bareela, Barkot, Chahar, Chatha, Gandah, Haal, Kanger Bala, Kangrora, Khalora Tarla, Khalora Utla, Khanda Khoo, Lakhala, Pind, Pind Kargu Khan, Kotha Doga, Dhakian, Beesala, Marmanian, Rakran, Amliala, Loola, Kotera, Jabri, Bandi, Chharat, Bagarian, Sando Gali, Chhajian, Badyal, Sohaie, Baliana, Chanjeela, meherh, Ghumanian, Tredda, Khukhri, Sahra, Darra, Manna, Sarran, Pohar, Rata, Nazran, Mankran, Sharula, Sahi Parrian, 
Sari, Sher Shah and Tandhara

Salhad

Salhad is one of the 51 Union Councils (sub-divisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

The Union Council of Salhad is named after what was the main village of the area, but today has become a part of Abbottabad city.

The population of the town is now over 21,000.

Salhad Union Council is subdivided into two areas Salhad and Khokar.

Sarbhana

Sarbhana is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Sarbhana is in the west of the district, it is next to following Union Councils, to the north by Kakul, Kuthwal and Beerangali, to the east by Phalkot, to the south by Namli Maira, Bagnotar and Bagh, and to the west by Dhamtour (Sungli Narrian village).

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Aziz Bang, Desal, Khan, Sadra, Dharay, Sarbhana, Seergah,Mohar and Narian Khurd. The top of hill village Sungli and Mohalla Trippa.

The main tribes of this area are Barcha kheil, Sheikhmali kheil andGurham Zai (Golni Cheerah - a Jadoon clan) and the Malik, Shohallian (Jadoon).

Asteroid moon

An asteroid moon is an asteroid that orbits or goes around another asteroid. Asteroid moons are quite rare. Only 2% of asteroids are thought to have moons.

To be an asteroid moon, an asteroid has to be smaller than the object it goes around. If they are roughly the same size they are called a binary pair. 

Dimorphos is an asteroid moon that is famous as the target of the Double Asteroid Redirection Test. 

Sheikhul Bandi

Sheikhul Bandi is one of the 51 Union Council (sub-divisions) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the valley toward the north-west of the Sarban Hills. It is located at 34°8'60N, 73°13'60E 
Most people of Sheikhul Bandi are the Jadoons. The main language is Hindko although Urdu is also spoken and understood.

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Cantonment, Qasba Abbottabad, Sheikhulbandi and Rakh Civil Military.

Sherwan

Sherwan " is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, it is 35 km west of the city of Abbottabad.

Over 15,000 people live in Sherwan. The local language is Hindko. Urdu is also understood and spoken by local peoples. The main tribes of this area are the Tanolis and the Awans.

Sherwan is in a beautiful valley which is surrounded by large, forested mountains on three sides. Wild animals live in these forests, such as jackals, wolves, pigs, porcupines and sometimes tigers. Sherwan is divided into two parts: Sherwan Khurd (small) and Sherwan Kalan (wide). Sherwan Kalan covers a much larger area than Sherwan Khurd. In the northeast of Sherwan Union Council there is another place called Patheel.

The Union Council of Sherwan is subdivided into the following areas: Beri, Kharperh, Thethi Ahmed Khan, Chakar Bain, Chorgran, Juna, Kamila, Kangar Palan, Sherwan Kalan, Sherwan Khurd, Khalabat, Chamhati, Kumharan (Amirabad), Thorey, Kalar Khaitar, Bamochi, Bhateel and Shaheedabad(Cheera).

Tajwal

Tajwal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Tajwal is in the south of the district and is in the north western part of Havelian Tehsil, it is next to the following union councils, Nathia Gali to the north, Palak to the east, Seer Gharbi and Nara to the south, as well as Dewal Manal and Nara to the west.

Tajwal is a beautiful and scenic valley, near by Changla Gali en route from Murree to Abbottabad.

The Union Council of Tajwal is subdivided into the following areas: Nowshera, Pirkot, Tajwal and Topla.

Parody mass

A parody mass is a musical setting of the mass that uses melodies from other musical works. This kind of mass was popular in the 16th century. "Parody" in this sense does not mean "parody" in the modern meaning of the word. It is not about poking fun at something. A parody mass is one that borrows musical material. The music might be borrowed from a chanson or motet, usually one by another composer. At that time there was nothing shameful about using other composer's tunes. Today it would be called plagiarism (stealing other people's ideas).

The parody mass was very popular during the Renaissance: Palestrina wrote about 50 parody masses. Some examples of early parody masses include the "Missa Malheur me bat", "Missa Mater Patris", and "Missa Fortuna desperata" by Josquin Desprez. By the middle of the 16th century, a large number of masses composed used the parody technique.

Sanctuary

A sanctuary, in its original meaning, is a sacred place, such as a shrine or temple. By the use of such places as a safe haven, the term has come to be used for any place of safety. This secondary use can be a human sanctuary, such as a political sanctuary; and non-human sanctuary, such as an animal or plant sanctuary.

Interstate 4

Interstate 4 is a Interstate Highway in state of Florida. It runs from Interstate 75 in Tampa to Interstate 95 in Daytona Beach. It also travels through Orlando.

Interstate 12

Interstate 12 is a long Interstate Highway in Louisiana, connecting Interstate 10 at each end. It goes from Baton Rouge to Slidell.

Notes

Robert Tear

Robert Tear (Barry, Glamorgan, Wales on 8 March 1939 – 29 March 2011) was a Welsh tenor and conductor.

Robert Tear (“Tear” rhymes with “dear”) was educated in Wales. He sang in the choir at St. Paul's Cathedral and then became a choral scholar at King’s College, Cambridge.

In 1961 he left Cambridge and started his career as a soloist. He soon became very successful, singing with the English Opera Group. He became well known for singing many roles in the operas of Benjamin Britten. He sang the part of Quint in "The Turn of the Screw", including performances in Moscow and Leningrad.

Tear sang solos with many great orchestras under many famous conductors including Leonard Bernstein, Carlo Maria Giulini and Herbert von Karajan. He sang in many famous opera houses in the world. He made over 250 recordings including many cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach, Benjamin Britten’s Serenade, Nocturne and the War Requiem and Gustav Mahler’s "Das Lied von der Erde". He also recorded many Lieder including Schubert’s "Die Winterreise".

Robert Tear often conducted in his later years. In 1985 he conducted in Minneapolis in the United States. He conducted many orchestras including the Northern Sinfonia, English Chamber Orchestra, Philharmonia, Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra, Royal Scottish National Orchestra and the Scottish Chamber Orchestra.

As a singer Tear was especially known for his singing of the music of British composers Benjamin Britten and Tippett. He was the first to sing the role of Dov in Tippett's opera "The Knot Garden". He was also well known for his duets with the baritone Benjamin Luxon. They sang many Victorian parlour songs (popular songs) together.

From 1992 to 1994, he was Artistic Director of the Vocal Faculty of the London Royal Schools of Music. He held the Chair of International Singing at the Royal Academy of Music. He was an honorary member of King’s College, Cambridge and was made a CBE in 1984. He died in London in 2011.

Renee O'Connor

Reneé O'Connor (born Evelyn Reneé O'Connor on February 15, 1971 in Houston, Texas) is an American actress, producer and director best known for playing the role of Gabrielle on the TV series "" from 1995 to 2001.

O'Connor had her first acting role at age eight as a caterpillar during a Theater on Wheels production. At age twelve, she began studying acting at Houston's Alley Theatre, and later attended the "High School for the Performing and Visual Arts" in Houston. She transferred back to Taylor High School to graduate with her friends.

O'Connor began her television career at the age of sixteen with commercials for McDonald's and Exxon. A string of other commercials followed, as well as a series of odd jobs such as Porky Pig at Astroworld and an aerobics instructor in Los Angeles. In 1989, O'Connor landed a recurring role in a serial called "Teen Angel", featured on the "New Mickey Mouse Club." This led to roles in another Disney serial called "Match Point", and an episode of "Tales from the Crypt" (directed by Arnold Schwarzenegger), though her Crypt role was later cut. O'Connor then played a student on the NBC special "The Flood", Cheryl Ladd's daughter in Danielle Steel's "Changes", a woman captured by Shawnee Indians in ABC's "Follow the River", an actress who hires Rockford as her bodyguard in "The Rockford Files: A Blessing in Disguise", Julia Wilkes in Disney's "The Adventures of Huck Finn", and the daughter of a murdered couple in an episode of "NYPD Blue".

O'Connor first came to the attention of "" executive producers Robert Tapert and Sam Raimi with an "over-the-top" audition that won her the role of the young Deianeira in their two-hour "Action Pack" adventure "Hercules and the Lost Kingdom". They were so impressed by her performance opposite "" star Kevin Sorbo that they signed her for a starring role in "Darkman II: The Return of Durant". She was later cast as Gabrielle, and co-starred opposite Lucy Lawless as Xena's companion on "".

O'Connor was voted #3 of the most intriguing people in 1996, #2 in 1997, and one of the most beautiful people of 1997, by People Magazine. O'Connor was featured in Maxim magazine in November 1999 with a photo shot and intimate interview. She made the cover of "TV Guide" on the July 29, 2000 to August 4, 2000 issue as "one of "The Sexiest Stars in the Universe". She was voted #45 on FHM-US and FHM-Australia's 100 Sexiest Women in [2000]. In January 2007, O'Connor topped the 2006 annual list of LesbiaNation.com – establishing her as the longest reigning queen of their top-ten list of "Women We Love". O'Connor has a cult following in the lesbian community, stemming from her role as Gabrielle in "" and her ambiguous relationship with her traveling companion Xena. Although O'Connor is heterosexual, she loves her gay and lesbian fans and has appeared at gay-pride events such as the "Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras" and the 2007 Dinah Shore Weekend in Palm Springs. In June 2007, and again in June 2008, O'Connor was named to the AfterEllen.com Hot 100 List.

After the end of "Xena", O'Connor began a movie production company, ROC Pictures. Her first independent production was "Diamonds and Guns", a romantic comedy about two friends who go to Las Vegas to find true love. It was shot digitally. O'Connor raised funds for the movie by selling autographed photos and a few of her personal paintings on eBay. In 2008 O'Connor was working on her second ROC Pictures LLC movie..

In 2019 she was to open her own Theatre Company, named "House of Bards Theatre Company". 

O'Connor is an active supporter of the Alissa Ann Ruch Burn Foundation, working each year at the Southern California Firefighters Burn Relay which benefits the Foundation. She also set up The Renée O'Connor Outreach Fund which is designed to raise money for families in need and to support families whose medical bills have become too overwhelming due to serious illness.

O'Connor was born to Walter and Sandra O'Connor. Her mother and stepfather, Sandra and Eddie Wilson, own the restaurant "Threadgill's" in Austin, famous for being the site of Janis Joplin's first performance. She has an older brother named Chris, who is a grocery store manager, and her biological father Walter is a finance manager.

From 1995 to 2001, during the filming of "Xena", O'Connor lived in Auckland, New Zealand, where she still owns a home. O'Connor married New Zealand native and restaurant manager Steve Muir on October 14, 2000. They have a son, Miles William Muir (born September 22, 2001). The couple divorced in 2005. O'Connor became involved with Jed Sura, an actor she met while filming " Enter" in 2003 and later "Diamonds and Guns" in 2004. She and Sura have a daughter, Iris Sura O'Connor (born March 19, 2006).

O'Connor is an accomplished artist, with a showing at the Submerged Art Gallery in Los Angeles, June 2005. She is also proficient in several forms of martial arts, including Taekwondo and Shinkendo, as well as the use of the Karate Bō Staff, the Nunchaku, the Sais, and the Japanese Kumori Katana.


Michael Hurst

Michael Eric Hurst (born 20 September 1957, in Lancashire, England) is a New Zealand actor, director and writer. He works mostly on stage and television. He is probably best known for playing in the television programs "" and "".

Hurst is the oldest of three brothers. When he was seven his family moved to Christchurch, New Zealand. He studied at Papanui High School. After high school, he went to the University of Canterbury but for only one year.

He married New Zealand actress Jennifer Ward-Lealand in 1988. They have two sons: Jack Louis Ward Hurst, born in 1997, and Cameron Lane Ward Hurst, born in 1999.

In 2003, Hurst received the Laureate Award from the Arts Foundation of New Zealand. He was later made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2005 "for services to film and the theatre".


4 Baruch

4 Baruch, also called "Paraleipomena of Jeremiah" ("Paralipomena Jeremiae"), contains the Rest of the Words of Baruch and the Epistle of Jeremy. 

This religious text is said to be a part of the Old Testament by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church. Other Christian denominations do not include in the Bible. 


Erbium

Erbium () is an element on the periodic table. Its symbol is Er. Its atomic number is 68 which means it has 68 protons in an atom. It is a lanthanide and, along with yttrium, terbium, and ytterbium, is one of the four elements to be named after the town of Ytterby in Sweden, all of which are rare earth elements.


Trauma Center (series)

The Trauma Center series is a series of video games that are electronic games played on a video screen. They were released for the Nintendo DS and Wii game consoles. It is a medical simulator starring a doctor named Derek Stiles and a nurse named Angie Thompson who operate on patients. They often have to fight a deadly disease called "GUILT". 


Robert Downey Jr.

Robert John Downey Jr. (born April 4, 1965) is an American actor. One of his most famous roles is Tony Stark in the "Marvel Cinematic Universe" (2008-2019). He played Lewis Strauss in the 2023 Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer". He won an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and BAFTA Award for this role.

Downey was born in Manhattan, New York City, the younger of two children. His father, Robert Downey Sr. (1936 - 2021), was an actor, writer, producer, cinematographer, and director of underground films, and his mother, Elsie (nee Ford) (1934 - 2014), was also an actress and appeared in Downey, Sr.'s movies. His paternal grandfather was of Lithuanian Jewish ancestry and his paternal grandmother was of Irish Canadian and Hungarian Jewish ancestry. His mother is of Scottish, English, German, and Swiss German ancestry. His father was born "Robert Elias", and changed his last name to "Downey" (after his stepfather James Downey), when he was a minor and wanted to enlist in the Army. He and his older sister, Allyson, grew up in Greenwich Village. 


Heart and Souls

Heart and Souls is a 1993 movie.

The movie starts with the lives of four people. Harrison is a singer who is very shy and can not sing in front of other people. Milo, who is a con artist, tries to get a sheet of stamps he stole from a kid back but fails. Penny is a single mother who has three children to support. Julia loves her boyfriend but can not decide whether to live with him or not, since the boyfriend recently bought a farm for them to live on. All four of them get on a bus. The bus driver, Hal, crashes the bus and all of them are killed.

All four of them are "tied" to a birth of a baby boy named Thomas in a car that was driving near the bus. They must stay within a certain distance of him and cannot leave him. As Thomas grows up, his parents and teachers are very worried that he is talking to "imaginary people," since only Thomas can see the four people. Harrison, Milo, Penny, and Julia soon decide to disappear and not be a part of Thomas' life anymore.

Years later, Thomas has grown into a man that handles bankrupt companies. The four of them are still attached and have no choice but to follow him wherever he goes. Soon, Hal comes down and tells them they all need to go up to heaven. However, all four of them have not yet tied up all the loose ends in their lives. They learn that Thomas is supposed to help them resolve everything on Earth before they leave. They make themselves visible to Thomas and tell him he needs to help, but refuses at first. He agrees to do whatever they want after they take over his body – their new power as ghosts – and make him do crazy things at a board meeting.

Milo is the first one to finish up his life. Through Thomas, he breaks into a house and steals the stamps. He then gives it back to the kid from whom he stole it from, who is now an adult. The bus driver then comes down and sends him to heaven. Penny wants to know what happened to her children. Her friend has contact with her daughters, but lost contact of her adopted son years ago. The adoption records are sealed and only the adopted children themselves can ask for a court order.

Instead, Thomas decides to fulfill Harrison's last wish, which is to sing. Thomas breaks into a concert hosted by Billie King and sings the national anthem through Harrison. Afterwards, he is arrested by the police and pays money so he can get out of jail. Hal comes to pick Harrison up. Earlier in the movie, Thomas had told his girlfriend Anne that he could not come to the concert. After the concert is over, Anne and Thomas fight about it.

Thomas is mad and backs up very fast and hits a police officer's car, which turns out to be the same one that had arrested him earlier. The officer is very angry at first. He starts to sing a song to comfort his son. Penny recognizes the song as the one she used to sing to her son and realizes that the police officer is her son. Through Thomas, she hugs him and then happily goes to heaven.

Finally, Julia wants to know what happened to her boyfriend. She writes a note that says that she loves him. They go to the farm that he had bought. However, when they get there, they find that the boyfriend died a few years ago. Julia is upset. Hal comes to pick Julia up, but Thomas asks him to stall for time. Julia finally believes her purpose is to Thomas to never let happen what happened to her – to lose a partner. She tells him to tell Anne that he loves her. She then goes up to heaven.

Entertainment Weekly

Entertainment Weekly is a magazine published by Time Warner in the United States. It has articles about movies, television, music, books, and popular culture. It contains news and reviews, and does not focus on celebrities. The first issue of "Entertainment Weekly" was in 1990. In 2003, its circulation was 1,635,623 copies.

International Standard Serial Number

An International Standard Serial Number (ISSN) is an eight-digit number used to identify a print or electronic periodical publication. The ISSN system was first created known as international standard ISO 3297 in 1975. The ISO subcommittee TC 46/SC 9 is responsible for the standard.

Synonym (taxonomy)

Synonyms in taxonomy are similar to normal synonyms, there are two (or more than two) names for the same thing in a scientific classification. For example, the cat has a few scientific names in: "Felis silvestris catus", "Felis catus", and "Felis catus domestica".

In botany, the word "synonym" has a special meaning. There is one "correct name", and the other names are synonyms. For example, "Daemonorops draco" is the correct name of a species of palm trees, and "Calamus draco" is a synonym for the same species.

In zoology, there is one "valid name" and the others are "junior synonyms".


Circulation

Circulation may be used in reference to:


Saint-Julien-du-Serre

Saint-Just-d'Ardèche

Saint-Just-d'Ardèche is a "commune" in the Ardèche département in southern France. Before 1911, it was named as "Saint-Just".

Saint-Just-d'Ardèche is in the south of the Ardèche département, found on the shore of the Rhône River, between the Drôme and the Gard "département".

Saint-Martin-sur-Lavezon

Saint-Laurent-les-Bains

Saint-Laurent-les-Bains is a former commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Laurent-les-Bains-Laval-d'Aurelle.

Saint-Laurent-sous-Coiron

Saint-Marcel-d'Ardèche

Saint-Marcel-d'Ardèche is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche

Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche is a commune in the "département" of Ardèche in south France.

This village is at the south entrance of the Ardèche Canyon, the "Gorges de l'Ardèche".

Saint-Maurice-d'Ardèche

Saint-Maurice was built around a Benedictine convent in the 11th century. The commune changed its name many times. Before the French Revolution the name was "Saint-Maurice-Terlin" (contraction of "Terre à lin" - Land of Flax) because the inhabitants grew flax. The village then became "Saint Maurice Torsinet" in 1793. Eight years later, in 1801, the name was changed again, first to "Saint-Maurice-en-Lanas" then
"Saint-Maurice-et-Lanas". In 1846 it was simply "Saint-Maurice". The current name, "Saint-Maurice-d'Ardèche" appeared between 1846 and 1861. It is because the commune is close to the river "Ardèche".

The village is between the communes of Aubenas and Ruoms. It is close to the river "Ardèche". There are many vineyards there.

Saint-Maurice-d'Ibie

Saint-Maurice-d'Ibie is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Michel-de-Boulogne

Saint-Michel-de-Chabrillanoux

Saint-Mélany

Saint-Mélany is a commune in the Ardèche department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France.

Saint-Laurent-du-Pape

Saint-Laurent-du-Pape is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Europium

Europium is a chemical element. It has the symbol Eu on the periodic table. It has an atomic number 63 which means it has 63 protons in one atom. It was named after the continent Europe. Its compounds can fluoresce, or glow under ultraviolet light.It costs $6700/KG. In the periodic table it stands next to samarium and gadolinium.

Color: Silvery White
Melting point: 826 degrees Celsius
Discovery Date: 1901


Saint-Paul-le-Jeune

Saint-Paul-le-Jeune is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Pierre-Saint-Jean

Saint-Pierre-de-Colombier

Saint-Pierre-la-Roche

Saint-Pons, Ardèche

Saint-Pons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Priest, Ardèche

Saint-Priest is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Privat, Ardèche

Saint-Privat is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Remèze

Saint-Remèze is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Sauveur-de-Cruzières

Saint-Sauveur-de-Cruzières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut

Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut is a commune of the Ardèche "département", in southern France.

The rivers Eyrieux, Gluyere and Auzène flow through the town.

Saint-Sernin, Ardèche

Saint-Sernin is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Promethium

Promethium is a synthetic radioactive chemical element that has the symbol Pm on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 61 which means it has 61 protons in its atom. It is the only synthetic element in the Lanthanide group as all its isotopes are radioactive. Together with Technetium, these are the only two radioactive elements below lead. Most Promethium is artificially produced. The longest-living isotope of promethium is Pm, with a half-life of 17.7 years. 

Promethium is used in the illuminated digits of some clocks, its Beta Radiation may be used to measure thickness. 


Praseodymium

Praseodymium is a chemical element that has the symbol Pr on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 59 which means it has 59 protons in an atom. It is a soft silvery metal that can be used to make yellow-green salts. It is mixed with magnesium to produce strong metal used in aircraft engines. It can also be used to color green glass, and is in electrodes in lights. Praseodymium was first isolated (separated from other elements) in 1885 by the Austrian chemist Carl Auer von Welsbach. It is found in sands, called monazite sands, of Florida, California, India, and Brazil.

Neodymium

Neodymium is a chemical element that has the symbol Nd on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 60 which means it has 60 protons in an atom. Neodymium can be combined with other elements like iron and boron to create the very strong neodymium magnet, these magnets can lift up to 1000 times their own weight. Neodymium is a metal that forms a coating of oxide around itself when it is placed in air. It is usually used as neodymium magnets for hard disk drives.

Though neodymium is called a rare earth metal, it is quite common, as common as nickel, cobalt or copper. Like every metal, neodymium is very shiny. It is a solid that melts at 1,024 degrees Celsius, or 1,875 degrees Fahrenheit. Neodymium is in a group of other elements called lanthanides, which are like each other in how they behave. When neodymium is dropped into water, it slowly changes into neodymium hydroxide, if the water or the neodymium itself is hot enough, the change is much faster, and the neodymium may explode. In the air, if the neodymium is hot enough, it can catch fire. Like every other metal, neodymium usually wants to get rid of its electrons, so the compounds it forms are usually with elements that want electrons, as oxygen does.

The neodymium magnets used to make hard disk drives do not weaken over time: they are permanent magnets. They can also be used in microphones or speakers. Electric guitars may use these magnets inside their pickups.

Samarium

Samarium is a chemical element that has the symbol Sm on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 62 which means it has 62 protons in an atom. 

Neptunium

Neptunium is a chemical element that has the symbol Np on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 93 which means it has 93 protons and electrons in its atoms. It is named after the planet Neptune in the same way as Uranium is named after the planet Uranus. 

Neptunium was discovered in the year of 1940 by two men named Edwin McMillan and Phillip H. Abelson at Berkeley Radiation Center of the University of California. It was created by fusing Hydrogen nuclei called protons into the element Uranium.

Neptunium is a radioactive silvery-metallic element that is part of a group of elements called the Actinides, which it shares many similarities to. Its melting point is 637 degrees Celsius, its boiling point is 4000 degrees Celsius, and its atomic mass is 237.

It oxidizes very quickly with multiple different oxidation states. It also bonds with halides and even alkali metals. 

Since all isotopes of neptunium have half-lives that are many times shorter than the age of the Earth, any neptunium that was made when the earth was formed should have decayed by now. After only about 80 million years, the concentration of even the longest-lived isotope, Np, would have been reduced to less than one-trillionth (10) of its original amount.

List of WWE pay-per-view events

This is a chronological list of pay-per-views promoted by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). Each month, WWE holds one or two annual pay-per-view events. One event is usually three hours long and features six to twelve matches. Pay-per-view events are a big part of how the WWE earns money.

In the table below, NXT TakeOver: Toronto and NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn are marked with asterixes. This is because this will be the third event in the NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn series which is a branch of the NXT TakeOver series. The table also includes WWE Network events.

Many people believe wrongly that the first WWE, then known as the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), pay-per-view was November 1985's The Wrestling Classic. This was a tournament held at the Rosemont Horizon near Chicago. The first WrestleMania event, in March of the same year, was on pay-per-view in some areas. The first two WrestleManias earned much money. After WrestleMania III became one of the best events in wrestling history, the WWF then decided to have more pay-per-views.

The first Survivor Series event took place on November 29 1987. It was shown at the same time as NWA's Starrcade which was thought to be the biggest yearly event for NWA. The WWF informed cable companies that if they were showing Starrcade, they would not be allowed to show future WWF events. Most companies showed Survivor Series. Because of this, Starrcade did not make much money that year. This is thought to be the start of many problems for Jim Crockett Promotions.

The first Royal Rumble in January 1988 was shown on the USA Network. It had the highest rating in the network's history up until that time. The event became a pay-per-view the next year.

The first SummerSlam was held in Madison Square Garden in August 1988. These four events - the Royal Rumble in January, WrestleMania in March or April, SummerSlam in August, and Survivor Series in November - were the only annual pay-per-view offerings (other than the King of the Ring) from the WWF until 1995. After World Championship Wrestling (WCW) started showing more pay-per-views, the WWF increased the number of pay-per-views it showed. At first, the WWF used the name In Your House for its new shows. Beginning in 1996, it began using other names along with the In Your House name (such as Bad Blood and No Way Out). This was done to avoid confusion. By the end of February of 1999, the In Your House name was no longer used.

Both companies increased the number of pay-per-views until they each had one pay-per-view event each month. From the late '90s until 2003, World Wrestling Entertainment had a once-a-month pay-per-view schedule. The pay-per-view events in the United States can be bought through iN DEMAND, Dish Network or DirecTV.

Up until 2003, the WWE ran two pay-per-views a year which were only shown in the United Kingdom. After the brand extension, they stopped doing these two events. Instead of the UK events, they did international tours which were taped for television. Currently, WWE has the WrestleMania Revenge tour, after WrestleMania, at the beginning of the year and the Survivor Series tour, at the end of the year, in the UK. Each includes a RAW, SmackDown!, and an ECW taping.

In Australia, WWE's pay-per-views are shown on Main Event. In the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland, some pay-per-views are shown on Sky Sports 1 and others on Sky Box Office.

Starting with the 2008 Royal Rumble, all WWE pay-per-views were broadcast in High-definition.

In June 2003, WWE decided to only use people from one brand extension for many of its pay-per-views. Only the Royal Rumble, WrestleMania, SummerSlam and Survivor Series events used people from different brands. WrestleMania and The Royal Rumble were the only events with wrestlers from different brands competing against each other. This allowed WWE to show more pay-per-view events, such as Cyber Sunday and The Great American Bash. From late 2005, they decided to change this and matches with people from different brands were shown more often. In March 2007, it said they would stop only using one brand on each pay-per-view. All of its pay-per-views would have matchs from all three brands. The one-brand-only events were:

WWE Backlash
WWE Judgment Day 
WWE The Great American Bash
WWE Unforgiven
WWE No Mercy
WWE Cyber Sunday
WWE Armageddon
WWE Fatal 4 Way
WWE No Way Out


Terbium

Terbium is a chemical element that has the symbol Tb on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 65 which means it has 65 protons in an atom. Its compounds fluoresce green in ultraviolet light. The metal can burned in air to form an oxide. It is a lanthanide and, along with yttrium, erbium, and ytterbium, is one of the four elements to be named after the town of Ytterby in Sweden, all of which are rare earth elements.

Sainte-Marguerite-Lafigère

Sainte-Eulalie, Ardèche

Sainte-Eulalie is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Serre

Saint-Étienne-de-Serre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Lugdarès

Saint-Étienne-de-Lugdarès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Symphorien-sous-Chomérac

Saint-Vincent-de-Barrès

Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort

Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Boulogne

Saint-Étienne-de-Boulogne is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Fontbellon

Saint-Étienne-de-Fontbellon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Uesugi Harunori

Today, Uesugi is best remembered for his financial changes in his domain. He is often used as an example of a good governor of a domain. Yonezawa had been in debt for about a hundred years when Uesugi took over. Shigesada had thought about returning the domain to the shogunate because of the debt. His his father-in-law, the daimyo of Owari province, told him he should resign as daimyo instead of this. This is how Uesugi came to be daimyo of Yonezawa. He created strict disciplinary measures. Several of his "karō" (advisers) did not think his plans were good. He had these people killed. Because of many of the changes he caused, Yonezawa became prosperous. It also did not suffer much from the famine in Japan in the Tenmei era (1781-9). In 1830, less than a decade after Harunori's death, the shogunate said that Yonezawa was a paragon of a well-governed domain.

Uesugi's beliefs about governance and how a feudal lord show act were written in a letter to his son Haruhiro:
This means:

Dornas

Dornas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

La Rochette, Ardèche

La Rochette is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Labatie-d'Andaure

Labatie-d'Andaure is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Lachapelle-sous-Chanéac

Lemps, Ardèche

Lemps is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Mars, Ardèche

Mars is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.


Monestier, Ardèche

Monestier is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Lafarre, Ardèche

Lafarre is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Étables

Étables is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southern France.

Siachen Glacier

The Siachen Glacier is in the eastern Karakoram range in the Himalaya Mountains along the disputed India-Pakistan interim border at approximately . Siachen Glacier was the Land of Wild Roses before it became a battle field. It is the longest glacier in the Karakoram and second longest in the world's non-polar areas. It ranges from an altitude of 5,753 m (18,875 ft) above sea level at its source at Indira Col (pass) on the China border to its snout at 3,620 m (11,875 ft)

The Siachen War started on April 13, 1984. It has shown that the climatic conditions has killed the soldiers more than the enemy's attack. It is in the northern part of Kashmir. Muslim-majority Kashmir is at the heart of this hostility between India and Pakistan and was the cause of two of their three wars (the third was over the founding of Bangladesh). Indian and Pakistani forces, estimated to number between 10,000 and 20,000 troops combined, have faced off against each other ever since in these treacherous mountains above the Siachen glacier in the Karakoram range since 1984. The no-man's-land of Siachen is 20,000 feet (6,000 metres) above sea level. Military experts say the inhospitable climate and avalanche-prone terrain have claimed more lives than gunfire. The strategic importance of the glacier is debatable, military experts say. Until 1984, neither side had troops there. Both countries agree on a need to demilitarise the glacier, but neither side wants to take the first step. India controls the heights and is loath to withdraw for fear Pakistan might walk in. India says it is unwilling to bring its forces down until Pakistan officially authenticates the positions they hold. Pakistan has said it is willing to do so on the condition that it is not a final endorsement of India's claim over the glacier, a source of melt water for Pakistan's rivers.

Biblical canon

The Bible is a collection of texts. These texts are usually called "books". There are different versions of the Bible. These versions come from communities that include parts they find important and leave out other parts they think are less important. A Biblical canon is a set of books of the Bible that a certain movement considers Scripture (that is, inspired by God).

These books are in almost all Christian Bibles. Some Bibles contain other books as well.

These books were written before the birth of Jesus Christ.


These books were written after the birth of Jesus Christ.



Bengal monitor

Bengal monitor ("Varanus bengalensis"), also known as the common Indian monitor, is a monitor lizard found throughout Bangladesh, India and Pakistan. It measures up to 75 cm in body length with the tail about 100 cm in length. It feeds on small terrestrial vertebrates, ground birds and their eggs, arthropods and fish.

Chamaeleo zeylanicus

The Indian Chameleon, "Chamaeleo zeylanicus" is a species of chameleon found in Sri Lanka, India and other parts of South Asia. Like other chameleons, this species has a long tongue, feet that are shaped into bifid claspers and a prehensile tail. Its two eyes can move in different directions at the same time. It also can change the colour of its skin. They move slowly with a bobbing or swaying movement and are usually arboreal. Strangely, although they can change color, they may not be able to see differences in colour. They are usually in shades of green or brown or with bands. They can change colour quickly. The main reason for colour change is for communication with other chameleons and for controlling body temperature. By changing to dark colours, their bodies absorb heat.

Nozières, Ardèche

Nozières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Ozon, Ardèche

Ozon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Préaux, Ardèche

Préaux is a commune in the Ardèche "department" in south France.

Petanque

Petanque is a game played by many people, especially in France. It is played on a level surface which can be covered with gravel of varying sizes.Boules [metal balls] are thrown along this terrain. The game is played between two teams. Each team has three players [triples] with 2 boules each. At the start of the game, a small ball [coche or jack] is thrown. Each player stands in a circle and tries to throw a larger ball [boule] so that it lands close to the coche.The team having their boule or boules closest to the coche at the first end takes the points. Play continues until one team reaches 13.
In a doubles game each player has 3 boules. 

Saint-Barthélemy-le-Plain

Saint-Barthélemy-le-Meil

Saint-Barthélemy-Grozon

Saint-Apollinaire-de-Rias

Saint-Andéol-de-Fourchades

Saint-Andéol-de-Fourchades is a commune in the Ardèche department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France.

Saint-André-en-Vivarais

Saint-André-en-Vivarais is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Limp Bizkit

Limp Bizkit is an American nu metal band from Jacksonville, Florida. They were formed in 1994. Fred Durst is the vocalist.

They were on hiatus, but reformed in 2009, and have played festivals since. They have sold around 35 million records around the world.

The band reunited in 2021, and have been going ever since then.





XChat

XChat was a popular IRC client. It was open source, but its Windows port was shareware. It was replaced by HexChat in 2015.



Status Quo

Status Quo, also known as The Quo or just Quo, is a rock band from England. They were called "The Status Quo" in late 1967, and settled on the name "Status Quo" in 1970. They have recorded over 60 chart hits in the UK, and have sold a total of 118 million records worldwide. They have also had a total of 33 hit albums in the UK charts - more than any other band other than the Rolling Stones. Their hayday was in the early to mid '70's with hits like Caroline, Whatever You Want, and Down Down. They formed in 1962, changed their name to The Status Quo in 1967 and to Status Quo in 1969.

Although sometimes criticized for a repetitive and apparently simple guitar riff sequence and harmonies on many of their numbers, their musical versatility can be heard in some of their earlier or less well-known numbers, such as Ice in the Sun, Pictures of Matchstick Men and Forty-Five Hundred Times. The latter probably highlights, more than any other, Rossi and Parfitt's talent for close vocal and guitar harmonies, which owe much to the English folk and folk/rock genres. Whether intentional or not this has become their hallmark.

Status Quo famously opened the Live Aid concert in 1985 with 'Rocking All Over the World' - the then largest live television broadcast ever.

Rick Parfitt died in 2016 from sepsis in Spain.


Funkadelic

Funkadelic was a funk band from the United States. They were formed in 1970.

Iron Butterfly

Iron Butterfly is a Psychedelic rock band from San Diego, California. They were formed in 1966.

Freenode

freenode (known before as Open Projects Network), is an IRC network. It is used to discuss peer-directed projects. The freenode servers can all be used from the domain name chat.freenode.net. This automatically switches the user to one of the actual servers in use. As of 2010, it was the largest free and open source software-focused IRC network. It had more than 70,000 users and 40,000 channels.

freenode began as a 4-person Linux support channel called #LinPeople on EFnet. EFnet was another IRC network. By 1995 it had moved from being just a channel to its own network, irc.linpeople.org. In early 1998 it changed to Open Projects Net (OPN0). It had about 200 users and under 20 channels.

On June 24, 2006, a user with the nickname "ratbert" managed to get the staff rights of Rob Levin (lilo) and took control of the network. It is believed that around 25 user passwords were stolen because of this. This user K-lined many freenode staff members. Most freenode servers went down for several hours because of this.

The network focuses on supporting peer-directed and open source projects. Channels which are not related to these things are off-topic on freenode. They are encouraged to find a home somewhere else. To support this, channels are divided. On-topic channels begin with a single #. Groups who want to use one of these channels must officially register with freenode. Off-topic channels begin with ##. These can be used without a group registration.

Dice snake

The Dice snake ("Natrix tessellata") is a European non-venomous snake belonging to the family of Colubridae, subfamily Natricinae.

The Dice snake lives a lot in eastern Europe and western Asia, though not as much as the grass snake. Only one species, "N.t.heinrothi", is recognized, from the island of Serpilor (Osrov Zminyi) in the Black Sea. Dice snakes are better in water and they have a more slender body. They are mostly able to see easily in a woodland or desert, and sometimes in mountain streams. They usually eat fish, and sometimes they may also eat amphibians. The dice snake is a bit shy. They may grow up to 90 cm long, and has a brown or grey colouring. Although Dice snakes can be seen in Asia, they do not live a lot on Crete. Dice snakes do not have any venom. They can let out a very bad smell, however, for defense. Another thing they use for defending themselves is playing dead. Dice snakes go into dry holes next to the water, and sleep from October to April. This is called hibernating.

The Dice snake lives in Europe and Asia:
Lebanon, Palestine, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, France, Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Serbia, Italy, Czech Republic, Poland, Albania, Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary, Turkey, Greece, Cyprus, Afghanistan, Russia, Ukraine, Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Yemen, Egypt, Pakistan, and China.

The Cars

The Cars are an American rock band from Boston. The band was formed in 1976. Their music is driven by rhythm guitar and features keyboards.


They also released six compilation albums.

Mibbit

Mibbit is an online IRC client that is free of charge. It was made in JavaScript and Ajax. Mibbit was originally released in 2007 and was updated in 2008. It can be embedded into a website easily.



Holmium

Holmium () is a chemical element with the symbol Ho and atomic number 67. Part of the lanthanide series, holmium is a relatively soft and malleable silvery-white metallic element, which is stable in dry air at room temperature. A rare earth metal, it is found in the minerals monazite and gadolinite.

Gabrielle (Xena: Warrior Princess)

Gabrielle is a fictional character in "", played by Renée O'Connor. She is referred to, by fans, as the Battling Bard of Potidaea. Her trademark weapons are the Amazon fighting staff and the sai.

Renée O'Connor was chosen to play the role after she impressed producers with her role in the "" television movie "The Lost Kingdom".

Her name is the feminine of Gabriel, from the Hebrew, which means "messenger of God". That is the name of the chief of Archangels, and during the show, Gabrielle becomes an Archangel. While Gabrielle is typically a French given name, it has a grammatically correct Greek feminine ending and contains no anti-Greek sounds (pronounced as Gab-ree-el-lay). Also, the Greek version of "Gabrielle" is Γαβριήλα, (Gavrila).

In the two musical episodes, Gabrielle's singing voice was provided by Susan Wood.

Gabrielle joins Xena in the first episode as her traveling partner and sidekick, and remains with her until the end of the show. It is this partnership which forms the premise of the show.

When they meet, Gabrielle is a young, innocent, and idealistic scholar. She studies maps and the stars, reads mythology, writes stories, and dreams of traveling beyond her village to see the world. She wants to be a traveling bard. She also has strong ethical beliefs. She believes in the essential goodness of every person and is willing to put her life on the line for that.

In stark contrast, Xena is cynical, hard, and world-weary. Xena has killed thousands of people and, overcome with guilt, is returning home, perhaps to give up her own life. But on seeing Gabrielle's willingness to sacrifice herself for others, she is inspired to spend the rest of her life redeeming herself, and this becomes the driving theme throughout the show. Together they embark on an arduous, spirited adventure lasting over 30 years. Gabrielle acts as Xena's guiding light, keeping her dark memories at bay and reminding her of the goodness that she had once possessed. In return, Xena provides Gabrielle with travel and great adventures, teaches her about survival and the fighting arts, and acts as her protector, both physically and spiritually.

Gabrielle's story is one of growing up. Life with Xena is extreme in many ways, and traveling together often proves more dangerous than she had initially bargained for. Their friendship grows quickly, and they both overcome doubts, grief, loss of hope, and even death. As a burgeoning warrior, Gabrielle becomes more useful to Xena in combat and is increasingly treated as an equal. Eventually they learn that their destiny is woven together, in this and all future lives.

By the end of the series, when Xena dies and in the process finally redeems herself, Gabrielle has been transformed into a tough and courageous leader, a woman of the world, and a great warrior in her own right.

When Gabrielle first meets the Warrior Princess, Xena, she is a farm girl living in the village of Potidaea. She and her sister Lila, along with several other village girls, have been kidnapped by the men of the warlord, Draco, to be sold as slaves. Xena intervenes and rescues them. Awed by her fighting skills, Gabrielle decides that she wants to become a warrior too. She also wants to avoid the marriage that her parents, Herodotus and Hecuba, have arranged for her with her childhood friend Perdicas. Gabrielle insists on following an initially reluctant Xena on the road. The two women soon develop a strong bond of love and friendship. Over the six years of the series, Gabrielle evolves from a naive, idealistic teenager into a fully fledged, but deeply conflicted warrior fighting alongside Xena.

Gabrielle becomes an Amazon when she defends a dying Amazon Princess during an ambush. Before she dies, the Princess Terreis passes her "right of caste" to Gabrielle, and Gabrielle inherits her rank and possessions. This leaves Gabrielle the heiress presumptive to the Amazon Queen, Melosa. Melosa's adopted daughter Velasca, becomes a rival for the position of Queen of the Amazons after Melosa's death, but Velasca's schemes (which include aspirations to godhood) are foiled by Xena and Gabrielle. As Gabrielle wishes to travel with Xena rather than rule the Amazons, she appoints her friend Ephiny to act as Amazon Queen in her place.

Gabrielle learns how to fight with a fighting staff from the Amazons. With Xena's encouragement, she develops a philosophy of fighting for the Greater Good without killing.

About a year after meeting Xena, Gabrielle encounters Perdicas again and decides to marry him. The morning after their wedding, he is murdered by Xena's nemesis, Callisto. Gabrielle's grief and anger tests her ideals of reverence for life, but she nonetheless resists the impulse to kill Callisto. During this period, Gabrielle's strong commitment to peacemaking and compassion often serves as a counterbalance to Xena's warrior nature.

When helping to defend Britannia against Caesar, Gabrielle comes into contact with an evil cult that tricks her into killing one of its priestesses, Meridian. The loss of Gabrielle's "blood innocence" enables the evil god Dahak to impregnate her. After a pregnancy that lasts only a few days, Gabrielle gives birth to a girl she names Hope. After becoming convinced that the baby is simply a vessel for Dahak, Xena wants to kill Hope. Gabrielle manages to save her daughter by putting her in a basket and sending her downriver.

Several months later, Gabrielle finds Hope again, now looking like a nine-year-old, and already in the process of helping her father, Dahak, implement his plan to take over the world. Hope allies herself with Xena's enemy, Callisto. In revenge for Xena's attempt to kill her as a baby, Hope murders Xena's son, Solan. This forces Gabrielle to accept that Hope is indeed evil. She kills her daughter by giving her poison, an act that continues to haunt Gabrielle throughout the series. She holds herself responsible for Solan's death, as well as for betraying Xena a second time, even after reconciliation with Xena is effected through their musical journey in the Land of Illusia. When she once again encounters Hope, who was saved from the funeral pyre by her father, Gabrielle sacrifices herself to save Xena by jumping into a lava pit and taking Hope with her. Gabrielle mysteriously survives the fall, and is later reunited with Xena. It is later revealed that Ares saved Gabrielle, with plans to use her as a bargaining chip against Xena.

After her first kill, and the traumatic events with Hope that followed it, Gabrielle temporarily embraces complete pacifism as an alternative to fighting by Xena's side. She and Xena travel barefoot on pilgrimage to India, where they encounter a series of false prophets and gurus, as well as a genuine healer and teacher, Eli. Eli claims to have found enlightenment and Gabrielle becomes interested in his philosophy of non-violence and inner peace, which he calls the Way of Love. Gabrielle attempts to follow Eli's way, and throws away her staff under his influence. However, when Xena is in the midst of a battle with the Romans in an effort to rescue Gabrielle, Eli, and a group of prisoners, Callisto, uses Xena's own chakram against her, breaking her back. Gabrielle chooses to fight to save Xena and even kills some of the soldiers herself. Before their crucifixion, Gabrielle tells Xena that she had chosen "The Way of Friendship".

After being crucified, Gabrielle and Xena ascend into Heaven, but are soon ambushed by demons. The demons are able to take Gabrielle to Hell, where she comes face to face with the demonic form of Callisto. Xena and a group of Archangels are able to rescue Gabrielle from Hell before Gabrielle can fall to the darkness. She then learns that Xena has taken Callisto's place in Hell. She eventually forgives Callisto for the murder of Perdicas, and that act of forgiveness grants her the right to join the Archangels in battle. During her fight with the demon-Xena, they are restored to life by Eli.

At this time, Gabrielle accepts her new path as a warrior and acquires a pair of sai, which become her signature weapon thereafter. Xena's pregnancy, revealed shortly after the duo's return to life, further forces Gabrielle to fight and sometimes protect Xena. On two occasions, the god of war Ares, impressed by Gabrielle's new warrior skills, tries to recruit her to his side, but Gabrielle always resists.

Gabrielle and Xena sleep in an ice cave for 25 years after Ares places them there because he mistakenly believes they are dead. After waking up, Gabrielle discovers that her parents have been killed by the North African warlord Gurkhan, who has also kidnapped her niece, Sara, for his harem. Around this time, Gabrielle develops a close friendship with Joxer's eldest son Virgil, who shares many of her traits as a bard and warrior. Gabrielle struggles with the issue of seeking vengeance against Gurkhan. She is often troubled by her role as a warrior, particularly when she has to lead her Amazon tribe into a high-casualty battle against a superior army, led by the demigod Bellerophon, to rescue a fellow Amazon queen. Despite the success of the mission, Gabrielle tells Xena, "With each battle, I lose more of myself".

The series' final scene finds her on a ship headed to Egypt, where she intends to continue the fight for the Greater Good, with Xena accompanying her in spirit.

Gabrielle starts the series as a young girl who more or less stands behind Xena, and relies on Xena to protect her. In the course of 10 episodes, she acquires a fighting staff from the Greek Amazons and is a decent fighter with it shortly after. Another 10 episodes later, she displays immensely impressive skills with the staff, taking on numerous soldiers single-handedly, in the attempts to rescue Xena's presumably dead body. Probably what is most impressive, is that two episodes later she blocks an arrow in flight with her staff.

As time goes on, we see Gabrielle not only improve with her abilities with the staff, but as a total warrior as well. As she adds kicks, and minor acrobatics to her fighting, rolling over a hunched over opponent before proceeding to beat them.

While in India, Gabrielle is also thrown through time by a Darsham to save Xena's soul. It is said that their souls are together throughout time. In this next life Xena is the Mother of Peace, Arminestra and Gabrielle is Shakti, a Warrior Prince of India. At the end of season 4, however, is when Gabrielle shows a leap in her warrior abilities. After months of following her path of the Way of Love, Gabrielle picks up the sword of a paralyzed Xena and fights off a large group Roman soldiers with incredible skill. This however sparked concern among fans, who wondered how Gabrielle knew how to use a sword so well. One theory that could make sense is that in her time as a complete non-violent person, Gabrielle as an experienced fighter, no longer had to focus on her fighting and instead watched as Xena fought. At that point, as a seasoned fighter, Gabrielle is able to grow in a dramatic way through observation.

By season 5, we see Gabrielle reach an undisputed status as a warrior, fighting with her sai, incorporating more acrobatic ability, even performing a wall run and back flip. Other than sai and sometimes a new casual staff, she can use a large array of weapons with proficiency. Gabrielle also fights against warriors with notable skill; she defeats the warrior Mavican and stands against Ares and Hades (two gods) in battle for a rather long period before they defeat her. She also fights in a sword duel with Brutus, Caesar's former right hand and one of leaders of Rome, eventually killing him. As previously mentioned, Gabrielle's abilities become noticed by the God of War who seeks her out as his new protégée. It is mentioned later by Gabrielle and numerous others that Xena trained her throughout the years, although there have only been a few episodes that actually show Xena giving her any sort of martial arts training. 
One of Gabrielle's biggest fights of the season is her fight against fellow Amazon queen, Varia. They fight in an enclosed arena in a match in which Eve's life is at stake, and they appeared to be at a stand-off before she is beaten by Varia. Gabrielle takes the loss graciously and continues to grow in skill over the season, regaining the title of supreme Amazon queen very soon.

Gabrielle's bardic skills appear to be natural and self-taught. In the opening episode, she displays a remarkable ability to talk her way out of fearsome or difficult situations: she talks a cyclops out of eating her, and makes an ally of him; talks an old man into giving her a lift; talks a violent crowd out of killing Xena; and talks her way into joining Xena as her traveling partner.

Besides her persuasive ability, she also reads and writes - rare skills for that time, loves to tell stories, and has some musical ability. As she travels with Xena, she records their adventures on a series of scrolls, with an eye for flair and drama. Occasionally her tendency to exaggerate and glamorize the facts gets her into trouble. She is also shown telling stories for money in an inn. In other episodes she wins a place in the Athens City Academy for the Performing Bards, is a famous playwright, is a theatrical director, plays the pan pipes with considerable skill, and is the only person able to recite a magical scroll with the correct accents.

Despite Gabrielle's ascendancy as a warrior, her role as a bard remains important. About a year into her travels with Xena, her scrolls about Xena's exploits begin to gain popularity, apparently helping, according to Ares, turn Xena into a legend. After their 25-year sleep, Gabrielle finds out that her stories had been read as far away as North Africa where they were popular among nomad tribes.

According to an episode set in modern times, Gabrielle's scrolls were preserved for thousands of years and later discovered by modern archeologists. They found their way to Hollywood, where they formed the basis of the television series.

Throughout the course of the series, Gabrielle has a total of 7 regular costumes which become smaller, more conducive to her fighting style as the show progresses and more showing what the fans call "Fab Gab Abs" (Fabulous Gabrielle's Abdominals).








Along with Xena, occasionally, Gabrielle is known to be credited with a variety of discoveries and inventions.


In September 10, 2005, a month after Eris' discovery, its moon was discovered by the adaptive optics team at the Keck telescopes in Hawaii, who was carrying out observations of the four brightest Kuiper belt objects. In addition to its provisional designation , its discoverers (among them Michael E. Brown), informally nicknamed it "Gabrielle", while Eris was nicknamed "Xena". In 2006, the International Astronomical Union has instead given its official name, Dysnomia, which retains a reference to "Xena", as the English translation of Dysnomia, "Lawless", echoes the name of actress Lucy Lawless.

Saint-Basile, Ardèche

Saint-Basile is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Original Six

The Original Six is a well-known term for the group of six teams that composed the National Hockey League (NHL) for the 25 seasons between the 1942-43 NHL season and the 1967 NHL Expansion.


Verona Rupes

Verona Rupes is a cliff on Miranda, a moon of Uranus. The cliff has been estimated at 5 kilometers (3 mi) and 20 kilometers (12.4 mi) high, making it the tallest known cliff in the solar system.
It may have been created by a major impact, which caused the moon to disrupt and reassemble, or by the crust rifting.

Saint-Christol, Ardèche

Saint-Christol is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard

Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Clair, Ardèche

Saint-Clair is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Clément, Ardèche

Saint-Clément is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Cyr, Ardèche

Saint-Cyr is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Désirat

Saint-Désirat is a commune in the Ardèche department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France.

Saint-Félicien, Ardèche

Saint-Félicien is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Genest-Lachamp

Saint-Jacques-d'Atticieux

Saint-Jean-de-Muzols

Saint-Jean-de-Muzols is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Jeure-d'Andaure

Saint-Jeure-d'Andaure is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Julien-Vocance

Saint-Marcel-lès-Annonay

Saint-Marcel-lès-Annonay is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

The area was settled in 972. The Deûme passes through Saint-Marcel and flows into the Cance with Annonay. Water from these rivers comes from the granitic areas and is very pure. Their patent rights have been recognized for several centuries with the rise of paper mills. The paper mills of Annonay by Montgolfier-Canson formed only two groups in the 18th century from Vidalon and Faya.

In 1805, Jean-Baptiste de Montgolfier was detached from Vidalon to create a factory in Saint-Marcel. Paper production was a large contributor to the rise of the commune and was the main industry for a long period of time. The employees of paper mills were called "les usines", French for factory, and formed the integral part of their culture and life.

The small commune formed only industrial and is residential today, the picturesque buildings mixed with modern buildings.

Saint-Martial, Ardèche

Saint-Martial is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Martin-de-Valamas

Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Maurice-en-Chalencon

Saint-Maurice-en-Chalencon is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.

It was the birthplace of Eugène Delacroix (1798—1863), one of the most important of the French Romantic painters.

Saint-Michel-d'Aurance

Saint-Julien-Boutières

Saint-Julien-Boutières is in the Regional Natural Park of the Monts-d'Ardèche ("French: Parc naturel régional des Monts d'Ardèche"). This is known as the "Country of Chestnut trees" ("French: Le Pays des Châtaigners").

In the Middle Ages, the commune was called "Châteauneuf en Boutières". During the French Revolution, it was renamed "Bout d'Erieu", then in 1793, "Bout-d'Hesrieux". In 1801, the village was named Saint-Julien-Boutières in memory of a Roman soldier who became a Christian. He was martyred in Brioude in the Haute-Loire department. 
The commune of Intres was a hamlet of Saint-Julien-Boutières until 1911.

There are 11 hamlets which are part of the commune of Saint-Julien-Boutières:


Soulcalibur II

Soulcalibur II is a fighting video game made by Namco for the Arcades, as well as the GameCube, PlayStation 2, and Xbox game consoles. It is the third game in the "Soulcalibur" series of video games. Each version has its own exclusive guest character. The GameCube version has Link from Nintendo's "The Legend of Zelda" series, Heihachi Mishima from Namco's "Tekken" series of video games, and Todd McFarlane's Spawn from the comic book "Spawn".

Lilian Garcia

Lilian Annette García (born August 19, 1966) is an American singer and ring announcer for the SmackDown brand of WWE.

Garcia released an album titled, "¡Quiero Vivir!".

The Orange Box

The Orange Box is a video game compilation for Microsoft Windows, the Xbox 360, and the PlayStation 3. The Windows and 360 versions were made by Valve Corporation, and the PS3 version was made by Electronic Arts. It has five games on it - "Half-Life 2", "" (an expansion of "Half-Life 2"), "" (another expansion of "Half-Life 2"), "Portal", and "Team Fortress 2". The first two were released outside of "The Orange Box", but the other three first appeared in it.

Notes

Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles

Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles, known in Japan as , is an on-rails shooting video game made by Capcom for the Wii game console. It's the seventh main game in Capcom's "Resident Evil" series.

Resident Evil Code: Veronica

Resident Evil Code: Veronica, released in Japan as , is a survival horror video game made by Capcom for the Sega Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, and Nintendo GameCube game consoles. It's the fourth main game in the "Resident Evil" series. It was also the first in the series to release on consoles other than a PlayStation made by Sony.

Citizendium

Citizendium (short for the citizens' compendium) is an English-language wiki-based online encyclopedia launched by Larry Sanger in 2007. On this wiki, people have to use their given names and must request an account to prove they are real. Articles created by Citizendium editors are under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. As of September 2020, Citizendium has 17,000 articles and 149 approved articles.

When Citizendium started, experts were given a special status: they were allowed to "approve" articles and were able to decide who is right when there are conflicts over the content in the encyclopedia. As of 2020, the former "experts" policy is in limbo, as the membership of the wiki is too small to implement it and because it was deemed not effective. All writers are treated as equal.

The server which runs the website costs money to run. The only way the wiki can stay active is if members donate money, or if Citizendium can find a group or organization that can provide funds.

Citizendium is now a small community. In early 2022, it had around ten contributors making at least one edit a month. The managing editors in 2022 are Pat Palmer and John Stephenson.


Resident Evil 5

Resident Evil 5, known in Japan as , is a survival horror video game that was made by Capcom for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 game consoles. It is the seventh game in the "Resident Evil" video game series for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It was released on March 5, 2009 in Japan and on March 13, 2009 in North America and Europe for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and on September 2009 for Microsoft Windows.

Körös

Körös (, , ) is a river in eastern Hungary. It is long.

Chicano

A Chicano is a person who has a mixed ancestry and/or citizenship of the United States and usually Mexico. Often, Chicano and Mexican-American are used to mean the same thing. People from Central or South America and United States could also be called Chicano. Chicana is the female version of Chicano. Chicanos often speak in Spanglish.

Chicanos have made contributions to many fields, spanning arts, culture, sports, technology, and politics.


Advance Wars: Days of Ruin

Advance Wars: Days of Ruin, known in PAL regions as Advance Wars: Dark Conflict and in Japan as Famicom Wars DS 2, is a turn-based tactics video game made by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console. It's a lot different from other games in the series, which are cartoony, while this is gritty and realistic.

Advance Wars: Dual Strike

Advance Wars: Dual Strike, known in Japan as Famicom Wars DS is a turn-based tactics video game made by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console. It is the sequel to "" for the Game Boy Advance.

Advance Wars 2: Black Hole Rising

Advance Wars 2: Black Hole Rising, known in Japan as Game Boy Wars Advance 2, is a turn-based tactics video game made by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance game console. It is the sequel to "Advance Wars", also for the Game Boy Advance. Neither were released on schedule in Japan because of the September 11 attacks. It was later released in 2004 along with the first game as "Game Boy Wars Advance 1+2".

Dark Cloud 2

Dark Cloud 2, name title different in Japan and PAL regions as , is a role-playing video game made by Level-5 and released by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2 game console. It is the Spiritual successor for the PlayStation 2. It is sequel to the original "Dark Cloud".

Lando Calrissian

Lando Calrissian is a major character in the "Star Wars" universe. He's played by Billy Dee Williams in "" and "". He appears a lot in the "Star Wars Expanded Universe", including a series of novels called "The Adventures of Lando Calrissian".

Billy Dee Williams

Billy Dee Williams (born April 6, 1937) is an American actor, artist, and writer. He is famous for playing Lando Calrissian in "Star Wars" and Harvey Dent / Two-Face in "Batman" (1989) and "The Lego Batman Movie" (2017).

In a 2019 "Esquire", Williams spoke about having a fluid sense of gender and uses masculine and feminine pronouns.

Lithuanian

Lithuanian might mean:


Latvian

Latvian might mean:


Saint-Pierre-sur-Doux

Saint-Prix, Ardèche

Saint-Prix is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Romain-d'Ay

Saint-Romain-d'Ay is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Antwerp Province

Antwerp (, , ) is the northernmost province both of the Flemish Region, also called Flanders, and of Belgium.

Antwerp is largest city of the province and its capital; the Port of Antwerp is part of the city.

The modern province of Antwerp was the old Deux-Nèthes department, created in 1795 during the First French Empire in the northern part of the Duchy of Brabant.

In 1815, during the creation of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the territory became part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands as the province of Central Brabant, distinguishing it from North Brabant and South Brabant. In 1830, after Belgium's independence the province was renamed Antwerp (after its major city and capital).

The province of Antwerp borders on the Netherlands and the Belgian provinces of Limburg, Flemish Brabant and East Flanders.

The province has an area of with a population of about 1,887,000 in 2022.

The northernmost point of the province (and also of Belgium) is in Meersel-Dreef with the coordinates .
The capital and largest city is Antwerp, also the largest city in the Flemish Region.

Its highest point is Beerzelberg, high, in the municipality of Putte, Mechelen district. The lowest point of the province with high, lies in the valley of the Grote Nete river near Lier.

The main river in the province is the Scheldt (Dutch: Schelde, ). Others rivers are Rupel, Grote Nete, Kleine Nete.

The province of Antwerp is divided into three "arrondissements" (Antwerp, Mechelen and Turnhout) and a total of 69 municipalities since 2019.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).


Thulium

Thulium (pronounced /ˈθjuːliəm/) is a chemical element that has the symbol Tm and atomic number 69. It is a lanthanide element.


Mendelevium

Mendelevium ()) is a synthetic element with the symbol Md (used to be Mv) and the atomic number 101. It is a metallic radioactive transuranic element of the actinides. 

Mendelevium is created by einsteinium and alpha particles forcefully combining and was named after Dmitri Mendeleev, the creator of the Periodic Table.

The half-life of Mendelevium 258 is 51 days, while the half-life of Mendelevium 256 is 1.17 hours.

The International Commission on Radiological Protection has set annual exposure limits for the most stable isotope. For mendelevium-258, the ingestion limit was set at 9×10 becquerels (1 Bq = 1 decay per second). Given the half-life of this isotope, this is only 2.48 ng (nanograms). The inhalation limit is at 6000 Bq or 16.5 pg (picogram).

Nobelium

Nobelium is a synthetic element with the symbol No and atomic number 102.

It was named in honor of Alfred Nobel.

A radioactive metal, it is the tenth transuranic element and is in the actinide series of the periodic table. Twelve isotopes are known, and they are all short-lasting. 

Baphomet

Baphomet is a name of unknown origin. It first appeared in trial transcripts during the inquisition of the Knights Templar in the early 1300s. Some modern scholars believe the name to have been an Old French corruption and misspelling of the name Mahomet (Muhammad). Nowadays it is generally viewed as a symbol of the Devil.

In the Middle Ages, the Templars were accused of heresy, such as denying Jesus Christ and spitting on the cross. They also said to have worshiped an icon called "Bafomet". Beyond this, little is known about the origins of the Baphomet.

In the 1800s, magician Eliphas Levi interpreted Baphomet as an occult symbol representing perfection, or the union of opposites to create divine harmony. To illustrate his point, he drew it as a goat-headed androgyne with wings, female breasts, a rod between its legs, and a flaming torch between its horns. This was used by people who thought it was Satanic notably in anti-Freemasonry tracts, where some writers accused Masons of worshipping the devil. Many evangelical Christians still believe masonry to be of the devil.

In modern times, Baphomet has been adapted as a symbol by occultists and Satanists. A related symbol (also drawn by Levi) is the Sigil of Baphomet, which is a goat's head drawn inside a five-pointed star. It has become a common icon among heavy metal bands like Slayer and Venom. The Sigil of Baphomet is also the official logo of the Church of Satan.


Europa

Europa may refer to:













Ganymede

Ganymede may refer to:

Raúl Castro

Raúl Modesto Castro Ruz (born June 3, 1931) was the President of the Cuban Council of State and former head of state of Cuba. He was also Second Secretary of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba (PCC), Commander in Chief (Maximum General) of the Armed Forces (Army, Navy, and Air Force) and is the younger brother of Fidel Castro.

On February 24, 2013, Castro announced that his second term would be his final term and that he would not seek re-election in 2018. He officially stepped down on 19 April 2018.

Between 2014 and 2016, Castro would work with President Barack Obama on improving diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba. As a result, the U.S. embargo on Cuba would be lifted and travel/trade restrictions would be lifted as well.

Castro announced at the Eighth Congress of the Communist Party of Cuba, which began on the 16 April, 2021, that he was stepping down as leader of the Communist Party of Cuba.

Talencieux

Talencieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Soyons

Soyons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France. Humans have lived on this 30 hectare site for 150,000 years. This means it is the oldest inhabited (lived in) site in France, with remains from all the time periods. Because of Soyons location along the Rhône, at the crossroads of routes, it played a major role in the history of France.

The Paleolithic caves of Greenhouse Guercy provided safe and comfortable living for Neanderthal man. The caves were lived in by man, alternating with large meat eating animals (carnivores) (lions, hyenas and cave bears). Two outdoor areas for the butchering of mammoths, used by the Cro-Magnon Neanderthal people, have been discovered.

Several Neolithic populations lived on the site. In particular, Chalcolithic people buried their dead in burial caves like Grotte des Enfants and Hole Roland, as well as under mounds, such as that of Greenhouse Aurouze.

A Gallic oppidum, a pre-Roman town protected with a fort, was a feature on the massive Malpas and along the Rhone, the site of the Brégoule . This was the home of the tribe Segovellaunes who worshipped the goddess Soïo, and who gave the village its name.

During the Roman period, the Romans built a town on the site of the existing village.

In the Middle Ages, Soyons became a principality, with a royal abbey and a Carolingian church. The village and the plateau are surrounded by ramparts, with corner towers; the Leaning Tower is the remains of the tower of a fort. During the wars of religion the city was besieged and destroyed several times.

Serrières, Ardèche

Serrières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Romain-de-Lerps

Saint-Romain-de-Lerps is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.

Saint-Sylvestre, Ardèche

Saint-Sylvestre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Symphorien-de-Mahun

Saint-Victor, Ardèche

Saint-Victor is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Valoux

Sarras, Ardèche

Sarras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Vernoux-en-Vivarais

Vernosc-lès-Annonay

Vion, Ardèche

Vion is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-André-de-Cruzières

Mulhal Mughlan

Mulhal Mughlan is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Lawa, Chakwal

Lawa is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.

Lehr Sultanpur

Lehr Sultanpur is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil.

Malcolm Barber

Malcolm Charles Barber (born March 4, 1943) is a scholar of medieval history, described as the world's leading expert on the Knights Templar. He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject, "The Trial of the Templars" (1978) and "The New Knighthood: A History of the Order of the Temple" (1994). He has been an editor for "The Journal of Medieval History" and written many articles on the Templars, the Cathars, various elements of the Crusades, and the reign of Philip IV of France.

Born in 1943, Barber attended Walpole Grammar School in Ealing from 1954 to 1961, followed by the University of Nottingham from 1961 to 1966, where he received his bachelor's degree in 1964. He attended the British School at Rome from 1965 to 1966, and received his PhD in 1968 from the University of Nottingham.

Barber was a Professor of Medieval European History in the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at the University of Reading in the UK, until his retirement in September 2004.





Knights Templar

The Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon (Latin: "Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Salomonici"), commonly known as the Knights Templar or the Order of the Temple (French: Ordre du Temple or Templiers), were among the most famous military orders of Western Christianity. The organization lasted for two centuries in the Middle Ages. It was founded after the First Crusade of 1096, with its original purpose to ensure the safety of the many Christians who made the pilgrimage to Jerusalem after it was taken from the Muslims.

It was officially endorsed by the Roman Catholic Church around 1129, and became a favored charity by many Christians and grew fast in membership and power. Templar knights wore white mantles quartered by a red cross and were among the most skilled fighting units of the Crusades. Those members of the Order that did not fight managed a large economic infrastructure throughout Christendom, innovating financial techniques that were an early form of banking, and building many fortifications throughout the Mediterranean and the Holy Land.

The Templars' success was tied closely to the Crusades; when the Holy Land was lost, support for the Order faded. Rumors about the Templars' secret initiation ceremony created mistrust, and King Philip IV of France, deeply in debt to the Order, began pressuring Pope Clement V to take action against the Order. In 1307, many of the Order's members in France were arrested, tortured into giving false confessions, and then burned at the stake. In 1312, Pope Clement, under continuing pressure from King Philip, disbanded the Order.





Neil Entwistle

Neil Entwistle (born 18 September 1978 in Nottinghamshire, England) is a British convicted double murderer (of his wife and baby girl) who is currently serving two consecutive life sentences in the state of Massachusetts in the United States. A search of Entwistle's computer showed that days before the murders, Entwistle looked at a website that described ""how to kill people"".


Maracanã Stadium

Maracanã Stadium, (Portuguese: "Estádio do Maracanã)" ), officially Estádio Jornalista Mário Filho, is a multi purpose (used for different events) stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It can hold around 78,838 people.

Shea Stadium

William A. Shea Municipal Stadium, or more commonly Shea Stadium (often referred to in short as Shea), was a major league ballpark that was the home for the New York Mets 1964 to 2008 when the Mets left for their new home Citi Field. Shea was also the home of the New York Yankees while Yankee Stadium was being renovated for the 1974 and 1975 seasons. It was demolished between October 14, 2008 and February 18, 2009.

Cellulite

Cellulite is a dimpled appearance of the skin, caused by fat cells pushing against the body's connective tissue. The word "cellulite" only refers to how the skin looks, and does not describe a medical condition.

Cellulite is not related to cellulitis which is a spreading bacterial infection of the skin.

80-90% of women around the world are thought to have cellulite, and most doctors think that it is the "normal condition of many women".
Cellulite is closely linked with female hormones such as estrogen, and rarely appears in men. 
Cellulite is most common on the upper legs (or thighs), buttocks and the abdomen.

The appearance of cellulite has been linked to hormonal changes, changes in diet, stress, and poor blood circulation.
Cellulite has little to do with weight. Both slim people and overweight ones can have cellulite.
Cellulite is often hereditary, meaning that you get it from the genes passed on to you from your parents. This can mean many things because you can inherit your body type, shape, and hormonal function from your parents.
Normal hormone functions can cause or change the appearance of cellulite. Estrogen, prolactin, thyroid hormones, and stress hormones may all play a role.

There are lots of treatments for cellulite reduction, but none have been proven by doctors to be effective. Doctors have stated that "there is no outstanding treatment for cellulite" and that "realistically, there is no cure for cellulite."

BitchX

BitchX is an IRC client. The first public release was in 1996. The latest stable version is 1.1 and was updated in 2004. It is free of charge and was written in C. Its last version has lots of security software bugs and its use is generally discouraged.

In 2010, people started working on BitchX again under the name of 'BitchX2'


Ōkami

A HD version of the game was made for PlayStation 3.

Pokémon Pinball

In 2003, Nintendo released "" on the Game Boy Advance.

Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind

A young princess makes various questions between right or wrong in the world.

The world of is filled with large, carnivorous insects in the poisonous jungle while it grows slowly.

The manga lasted from 1982 and to 1994.

The movie premiered in 1984 and follows the same plot as the manga, but it is less developed. It has several famous English actors, including Patrick Stewart, Uma Thurman, Shia LaBeouf and Mark Hamill. It sold more than 1 million tickets when it came out, and it first came out in North America in the 1980s, but was called "Warriors of the Wind". It was a cut version of the movie, losing 30 minutes of the movie that the editors called "slow-moving", and the voice actors were never told the plot of the movie. The emphasis that the movie had on environmentalism was diluted because of the cuts, and there was next to no character development. Miyazaki dislikes this version of the movie a lot, and made a "no cuts" clause to make sure this doesn't happen again. The uncut version of the movie was re-released in 2005 on DVD, and won a set of 3 film awards in 1985.

Princess Mononoke

This movie takes place in Japan during the Muromachi period. There was a small village in Ezo. People lived peacefully. Ashitaka lived there. One day the evil god attacked the village and Ashitaka was cursed. The evil god was once a god of the forest, but he was shot by human and died in terrible pain. Ashitaka knew when he would die. He went to the west where the bullet which killed the god was made.

On his journey, he met a man called Jikobo. Jikobo told him where the Forest of Shishigami was. Ashitaka decided to go there. On his way to the forest, he met the girl raised by the wolf god, Moro. She was with her family. Ashitaka thought they must know about the forest. He called out to them. She and three big wild wolves disappeared into the forest.

Ashitaka rescues the injured men. They reach the village Tatara, where they live. Eboshi Gozen organized there. People made iron weapons there. She wanted to get the Forest of Shishigami, turn all Gods in the forest out, and make it a men-centered place.

It was said that Shishigami had a power of immortality. Because people wanted this power, they aimed at the head of Shishigami. Then these people, Shishigami, Eboshi and her people, San and Ashitaka started and were involved in huge complicated war for the forest. In this war, Ashitaka and San understood each other little by little.


The song, "Mononoke Hime（もののけ姫）", was performed by Mera Yoshikazu and composed by Joe Hisaishi.



Walloon Brabant

Walloon Brabant (, , , , ) is one of the five provinces of Wallonia in the country of Belgium.

"Walloon" in "Walloon Brabant" means that it is in the Wallon part of the former province of Brabant of Belgium. "Brabant" was an old region, the Duchy of Brabant. The word "Brabant" appears for the first time in the seventh century when the abbey of Nivelles was founded in the "pagus Bracbatensis" ("pagus" is a Latin word meaning a very small town, with only few houses).

Walloon Brabant is the youngest and the smallest province of Belgium. The province was created in 1995 when the former province of Brabant was split along the language border in three parts: a Flemish part (Flemish Brabant), a Wallon part (Walloon Brabant) and the Brussels Capital Region, which no longer belongs to any province.

The total area of the province is with a population of about 410,000 in 2022.

The province is very flat and the highest point is in Genappe, with an altitude of above sea level.

Also the geographical centre of Belgium is in the province, in the municipality of Walhain.

The province has an elongated shape and measures from east to west about and about from north to south.

The capital is Wavre; it is much more centrally located than the old capital, Nivelles.

The province of Walloon Brabant has only one "arrondissement" that is divided in 27 municipalities.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).

The province of Walloon Brabant did not exist before 1995.


Veracruz

Veracruz is one of the 32 states of Mexico.

Beneath a Steel Sky

Beneath a Steel Sky is a British point and click adventure computer game made by Revolution Software and published by Virgin Interactive for DOS, the Amiga, and the Amiga CD32. The first version became freeware in 2003. An updated version was released for iOS in 2009.

Scheme (programming language)

Scheme is a programming language. It is one of the two dialects of LISP in widespread use today. The other dialect of LISP widely used is Common lisp. Scheme is often used as a teaching tool; to teach computer science students functional programming.

Propædia

The Propædia is the first of three parts of the Encyclopædia Britannica, the other two being the 12-volume "Micropædia" and the 17-volume "Macropædia". The "Propædia" is supposed to be a book that organizes the things in the Britannica, and a guideline to the index of the other two parts. It was introduced in 1974 with the 15th edition of the encyclopaedia to replace the index, but when many people complained, Britannica put the index back in two books in 1985. The core of the "Propædia" is its Outline of Knowledge, which is supposed to give people a classification of what we know, but the "Propædia" also has some parts listing the staff members, advisors and contributors to all three parts of the "Britannica".

The Propædia can be used by a student who wants to know what there is to know, before even finding out about it. Once the student finds out what he needs to know, he will then find out about the thing itself.

The "Outline" has ten Parts, each with an essay to introduce the part. Below is the table of the ten parts.


Macropædia

The 17-book Macropædia is the third part of the "Encyclopædia Britannica", and the other two parts are the 12-book "Micropædia" and the 1-book "Propædia". The name comes from the word "macro" and "encyclopaedia". Macro means big, and so, the Macropædia is a big encyclopaedia. The Macropaedia has articles that are very detailed, but one article is usually about a very large topic. It is the opposite of the Micropædia, which has articles that are short. 

The "Macropædia" was introduced in the 15th edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica in 1974 with 19 book having 4,207 articles. In 1985, these articles were combined and made smaller into 17 books with about 700 articles, which can be as short as 2 pages, and as long as 310 pages. The longest article, on the United States, was from the combining of the 50 articles on each state. 

Since it was created, it has not stayed the same. New articles are always being added, older articles can be split, shortened, merged, or even deleted. 

Micropædia

The 12-book Micropædia is one of the three parts of the 15th edition of "Encyclopædia Britannica", and the other two being the one-book "Propædia" and the 17-book "Macropædia". The name comes from the word "micro" and "encyclopaedia". Micro means small and so, the Micropaedia is a small encyclopedia. The Micropaedia has articles that are very short, the articles are found in small strips. It is the opposite of the Macropaedia, which has articles that are very long.

The "Micropædia" was introduced in 1974 with 10 books having 102,214 short articles, all of them are less than 750 words. In the 15th edition, many articles were put together, with about only 65,000 articles in 12 volumes. In general, the 750-word limit is still used and most articles are only 1-2 paragraphs; however, a few longer articles can be found in the 2007 "Micropædia", such as the Internet ones, which takes up a full page.

With some exceptions, the 65,000 articles of the "Micropædia" have no bibliographies and no named contributors. It is supposed to be for fast-checking to find out the main things about the topic, and as a guide to the 700 longer articles of the "Macropædia". People use it to know just a little, but the Macropaedia is used to know in detail.

Mantle (vesture)

A mantle (, mandyas; , mantiya) is an ecclesiastical garment in the form of a very full cape which extends to the floor, joined at the neck, that is worn over the outer garments.

In the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Eastern Catholic churches, the mantle is a monastic garment worn by bishops, hegumens, archimandrites, and other monastics in processions and while attending various church services, such as Vespers or Matins; but not when dressed to celebrate the Divine Liturgy. Unlike the Western cope, the mantle is worn only by monastics. The klobuk is worn over the mantle.

The Courier-Mail

The Courier-Mail is a newspaper made by an Australian company called News Limited. "The Courier-Mail" is published during the week in Brisbane. The first issue was published 1933.


Işın Karaca

Işın Karaca (born in London, United Kingdom, on March 7, 1973) is a Turkish-Cypriot pop singer.

She has released four music albums. These are: "Anadilim Aşk", "İçinde Aşk Var", "Başka 33/3" and "Uyanış". Her fourth album means "Awakening" in English language. She also has been an actress for the film "Sen Ne Dilersen".


A Game of Thrones

A Game of Thrones is the first of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series by American author George R. R. Martin. It was released on 6 August 1996. The book was put up for the 1998 Nebula Award and the 1997 World Fantasy Award, and won the 1997 Locus Award. The first season of the HBO TV series Game of Thrones is based on the book.

The chapters are titled by the name of the person you will read about through their perspective. These are listed in no order and the Prologue is not included for it is not part of the main chapters: Eddard (Stark), Catelyn (Stark), Arya (Stark), Bran (Stark), Jon (Snow), Tyrion (Lannister), Daenerys (Targaryen),


Fritz Wunderlich

Fritz Wunderlich (born Kusel, Rhineland-Palatinate, 26 September 1930; died Heidelberg, 17 September 1966) was a German tenor. He was one of the great singers of his time, famous both as an opera singer and as a recitalist singing Lieder.

Wunderlich came from a musical family. His mother was a violinist and his father was a choir-master. The family did not find it easy to make a living, especially after Fritz's father committed suicide when Fritz was five years old. As a young man Wunderlich worked in a bakery. People heard him singing while he worked, and he was persuaded to study music. He got a scholarship to study at the Freiburg College of Music where he studied French horn and singing.

Wunderlich soon became known as a brilliant young tenor. He sang several roles in Mozart's operas, and gradually learned roles in many other operas, including Verdi's "Rigoletto" and "Don Carlo". There is an excellent recording of Mozart's "Magic Flute" in which Wunderlich sings the part of the Prince Tamino and the famous baritone Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau sings the part of Papageno, the birdcatcher.

Wunderlich had a lovely, clear voice which was excellent for German Lieder. He sang the great songs of Schubert and Schumann, especially Schumann's "Dichterliebe" song cycle.

Wunderlich was becoming world famous when he died from an accident: he fell down the stairs of a friend's hunting house and died just before his 36th birthday.


Half of a Yellow Sun

Half of a Yellow Sun is a book that was written by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie in 2006, and was published by Knopf/Anchor. The book tells the story of two sisters Olanna and Kainene during the Biafran War.

"Half of a Yellow Sun" won the 2007 Orange Prize for Fiction in the women-only section. The award is given annually for the best original full-length book; Adichie gained £30,000 as a reward for winning the prize. "Purple Hibiscus", her first novel, made the Orange Prize shortlist in 2004, and because of the success of "Half a Yellow Sun", critics have said that Adichie may have even more success in the future.

The book got good reviews from critics, and it was included in "The New York Times"' 100 Most Notable Books of the Year, as well as winning the Orange Prize. In a review for "The Seattle Times", Mary Brennan talks about the book as "A sweeping story that provides both a harrowing history lesson and an engagingly human narrative". "The Guardian's" Kate Kellaway said "An immense achievement, "Half of a Yellow Sun" has a ramshackle freedom and exuberant ambition," after reading the book. "The New York Times" did a review of the book, saying some good and some bad things about the book.

The Nigerian Civil War began on July 6, 1967 and lasted until January 15, 1970. The war began because of political struggles caused by the numerous attempts to secede from the southeastern provinces of Nigeria and create the Republic of Biafra. Political conflict between the Igbo’s, Yoruba’s, and the Hausa-Fulani ended up with two military coups. The Igbo tried to leave Nigeria to become the Republic of Biafra, but did not have very much support. From 1968 onward, the war was mostly a tie, with Nigerian forces unable to get an advantage over the Republic of Biafra. Many people died in the war, and even today there is still anger between the different ethnic and religious groups of Nigeria.

The story in "Half of a Yellow Sun" is centered around the war. The author has stated that many of the issues that caused the war remain today. She also said that the war is very talked about "in uninformed and unimaginative ways," and that the war is as important to the people today as it was in her book. Because none of the major political events were changed in the book, Adichie said that the book had "emotional truth," and that the book showed the war had a large impact on the people of Nigeria.

Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie

Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie (born September 15, 1977) is an award-winning Nigerian writer. She comes from Abba in Anambra State, southeast Nigeria. Her book Half of a Yellow Sun won the 2007 Orange Prize for fiction.

Adichie was born in Enugu into an Igbo family. She married Ivara Alistair Esege, a Nigerian doctor. 

In December 2013 Beyoncé released her fifth album "BEYONCÉ". The eleventh song on the album "Flawless" has a sample from Adichie's TED Talk "Why We Should All Be Feminists". Adichie's sample on the album caused her novel "Americanah" go up around 600 places in the Amazon chart.

Sind River

The Sind Stream originates from the slopes of Zojila Pass and flowing to south west is joined by another stream coming from Dachhen-Para. Flowing southward and crossing Sind Valley, it empties into Jhelum River near Shadipura.

Shaman King

Shaman King is a Japanese anime and manga series by Hiroyuki Takei. The manga ended with thirty two volumes and the anime ended with sixty four episodes.

Japanese publisher Shueisha announced that it will be republished all volumes in Japan starting in March 2008. The manga condensed from its current run from 32 to 27 volumes. It was expected to publish two mangas per month.




Hoshi-gumi
Tsuchi-gumi
Tsuki-gumi
Hana-gumi


Banihal Pass

Banihal Pass is at an altitude of 9,200 feet above sea level, in the eastern region of Pir Panjal range, at 75.16 longitude and 33.31 latitude. The pass connects the Valley of Kashmir with Jammu. Banihal cart road enters Kashmir valley through this pass. In 16th century, Sheikh Yaqoob Serfi and two other religious leaders had travelled through this pass to invite India's (Hindustani) Mughal Emperor Akhbar to invade Kashmir.

Parker Brothers

Parker Brothers is a toy and game manufacturer and brand. Over almost 115 years, the company has created more than 1800 games; some of them are "Monopoly", "Cluedo" (known as "Clue" in North America), "Risk", Trivial Pursuit, Ouija, Aggravation and Probe.


Kariwood

Cinema in Karachi or Kariwood () had its golden days in the 1960s when some of the prominent movie studios were in Karachi, making movies for the viewership of a large and growing working-class population.

With a metropolitan area hosting the world's second most populated city, the movie viewership is still popular in Karachi. However, the interest has shifted more towards the Hollywood and other international productions. One of the reasons for the shifting trends is attributed to the moving of film-making industry to Lahore, locally termed as Lollywood



Gijsbert Haan

Gijsbert Haan (or Gysbert Haan) (January 3, 1801 - July 27, 1874) was the leader of the 1857 Secession of Dutch-Americans from the Reformed Church in America. He was the creator of the Christian Reformed Church in the United States and Canada. Haan was born in Hilversum, North Holland, the Netherlands and died of liver disease in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

Namur Province

Namur (, , , , ) is a province of Belgium on the border with France. It is one of the five provinces of Wallonia, the predominantly French-speaking southern region of Belgium.

The origin of the province of Namur goes back to 1795, when the Austrian Netherlands and the Principality of Liège joint the French Republic; they were made part of the old department of Sambre-et-Meuse.

At the fall of the First French Empire, the department is dissolved and replaced by the Province of Namur, at the time of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. The province of Namur was one of the province created by the Constitution of 24 August 1815 of the Kingdom.

When the United Kingdom of the Netherlands ended after the 1830 Belgian Revolution, the province of Namur became part of the new Kingdom of Belgium.

Namur borders (clockwise from the West) on the Walloon provinces of Hainaut, Walloon Brabant, Liège and Luxembourg in Belgium, and on France.

The total area of the province is with a population of about 499,000 in 2022. The highest point of the province is Croix-Scaille, with an altitude of () above sea level.

Its capital is the city of Namur; other important cities are Dinant, Philippeville, Gembloux, Ciney and Andenne.

The province of Namur is divided into 3 "arrondissements" and a total of 38 municipalities.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).


Country (disambiguation)

A country is a political division of a geographical region.

Country could also mean:


Zojila La

Zoji La () is a high mountain pass in India. This pass is above sea level, at 74.50 longitude and 34.17 latitude. The pass connects a valley of Kashmir with Ladakh. Different trade routes lad to Tibet, China and Central Asia. Renchen Shah of Leh entered Kashmir through this pass and became the monarch of the land in the 14th century. Mirza Haider Doughlat also advanced through thi pass to invade Kashmir. The old historical name of the pass was "Shurji La" meaning lord Shiva's mountain.

Babusar Pass

Babusar Pass is above sea level. It connects Gilgit with Kaghan via Chilas. Prior to construction of Karakoram highway, this route was very important, because this was the only route leading to Gilgit and Baltistan from Pakistan.

Presently a road by the name of Mansehra-Naran-Jalkhad-Chilas MNJCroad is being constructed through Babusar Pass that will shorten the distance between Mansehra and Chilas by around . Work on the route is expected to conclude sometime in mid 2011.

Khunjerab Pass

Khunjerab Pass is a mountain pass located on the border of Pakistan and China. It is at an altitude of above sea level. Karakoram Highway (Silk Route) crosses into China through this pass. Trade between China and Pakistan is carried through Khunjerab.

The name Khunjerab is derived from two Wakhi words; "Khun" meaning blood and "Jerab" means a creek coming from a spring or waterfall.

Karakoram Pass

Karakoram Pass is a mountain pass between India and China in the Karakoram Range. It is at a height of above sea level. It is the highest altitude pass connecting Indian Kashmir with Sinkiang (China).

Shandur Pass

The height of this pass is 3738 m above sea level, it connects Gupis, Gilgit with Chitral. The top is flat, a plateau and can be crossed between late April and early November. The grade is very gradual, and the area is crossed by small streams of trout. Grazing in summer is plentiful.

Every year there is a Polo match played on Shandur Top between a team from Chitral and a team from Gilgit.

Shandur Top is one of the four major mountain passes to enter Chitral. The others are Dorah Pass from Badakshan in Afghanistan, Lowari Pass from Dir, and Broghol Pass from the Wakhan Corridor in Afghanistan.

The people who live on both sides of Shandur Top speak the Khowar language.

Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn

Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn (11 December 1918 – 3 August 2008) was a Russian writer. He was the winner of the 1970 Nobel Prize in literature.

Solzhenitsyn was a novelist, dramatist, and historian. With his works, the Gulags, a network of Soviet labor camp (see forced labor), became well known. Due to this, he won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1970, but also was exiled from the Soviet Union in 1974. In 1994, Solzhenitsyn went back to Russia. After he died (of heart failure) he received a state funeral. He was very significant for revealing what life was like in the Soviet days.

During his imprisonment he left Marxism and converted to the Russian Orthodox Church.

Much of Solzhenitsyn's work is autobiographical, based on things he saw and experienced in his own life. Solzhenitsyn was himself imprisoned in the Gulag for many years, and later was in a cancer ward (he recovered from the cancer).

After Khrushchev's Secret Speech in 1956 Solzhenitsyn was freed from exile and exonerated (cleared of all charges). The manuscript of "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich" was published in edited form in 1962, with the explicit approval of Nikita Khrushchev. Khrushchev defended it at the Praesidium of the Politburo hearing on whether to allow its publishing, and added: "There's a Stalinist in each of you; there's even a Stalinist in me. We must root out this evil".

Thus the lines between autobiography, reportage, fiction and political observations are tied up together, more so than with most writers.







Debian Free Software Guidelines

The Debian Free Software Guidelines (DFSG) is a set of guidelines (rules) that the Debian Project uses to decide whether a software license is a free software license, which is used to decide whether a piece of software can be included in Debian. The DFSG is part of the Debian Social Contract.


The DFSG was first published together with the first version of the Debian Social Contract in July 1997. The primary authors were Bruce Perens and several other Debian developers at the time.

Most discussions about the DFSG happen on the "debian-legal" mailing list. When a Debian Developer first uploads a package to be included in Debian, the "ftpmaster" team checks the software licenses and decides whether they follow the DFSG's rules. The team sometimes discusses with the debian-legal list in difficult cases.

The DFSG is focused on software, but in June 2004 the Debian project decided to use the same rules on software documentation, multimedia data and other content. The non-software content of Debian began to follow the DFSG more strictly in Debian 4.0 (released in April 2007) and following releases.

Much documentation written by the GNU Project, the Linux Documentation Project and others licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License contain invariant sections, which do not comply with the DFSG. This assertion is the end result of a long discussion and the General Resolution 2006-001



PingOO

PingOO is a communication server based on Debian.

PingOO was created by the CRI (Centre des Resources Informatiques) in Haute-Savoie (France).


Madden NFL 09

Madden NFL 09 is a video game about the National Football League (NFL) for the Xbox, Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Wii, and Nintendo DS. It was the last game to be released on the original Xbox. A GameCube version was also planned, but it was canceled due to the system's discontinuation in early 2007. It was published by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon.

Former New York Jets quarterback Brett Favre is on the cover.

On the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Nintendo DS versions, play-by-play and color commentary is provided by Tom Hammond and Cris Collinsworth, respectively, replacing Al Michaels and John Madden. However, Michaels and Madden still appear on the Wii, PlayStation 2, and PSP versions. Madden still has a part in "Madden 09" as the person describing instructions to the Madden IQ. Madden guides you on advice and other things to help you understand how to raise your Madden IQ. Madden also appears in Mii form in the Wii version of the game, suggesting plays to run in the game's "Madden's Pick" feature.

EA's relationship with ESPN also enables tie-ins with different ESPN shows.


Lena Katina

Elena Sergeevna Katina (Russian: Елена Сергеевна Катина, born 4 October 1984), better known as Lena Katina is a Russian singer. She and Yulia Volkova are the members of the pop group t.A.T.u.

Katina was born in Moscow. She began going to school at age seven. Within a year, she left ordinary school and went to a music school and studied piano. When she was ten, she started singing with the child group "Avenue". She sang with them for three years before joining the vocal and instrumental group "Neposedi" ("Fidgety Children"). While a part of Neposedy, she met Julia Volkova and they became friends. Soon Lena left the group because of her age. Neposedy is for children up to 14 years old. At the age of 15 she was selected to be a part of the group which was later named Tatu (t.A.T.u). 

Eleanor of Provence

Eleanore of Provence (c. 1223 – 26 June 1291) was the Queen Consort of King Henry III of England.

Jam session

A jam session is an informal gathering of musicians to improvise freely on various themes. They began with jazz musicians. Musicians sometimes use jam sessions to work on new material, and some songs are made by the band during the session. A jam session will often feature improvisation.

Compilation

In music, a compilation is a record, usually an album, which contains songs from more than one source. For instance, it could contain songs from studio albums, live albums, EPs, and other places. The songs often have something in common, for instance a "Greatest Hits" compilation will contain the most popular songs by a band or musician.

Necrophagist

Necrophagist is a technical death metal band from Germany. They have released two albums. The band is currently signed with Relapse Records. They are known for their fast songs that require a large amount of skill to play. 


Page 44

Page 44 is an indie-rock band from England. They have released 3 EPs and 1 demo album and have appeared on television in the United Kingdom. BBC said the band might become "tomorrow's superstars".


Logroño

Logroño () is a city in northern Spain. It is the capital of La Rioja. Logroño is in the Ebro valley. The population of the city is 150.000.

Liberal arts

Liberal arts is the term given to contemporary programmes of education which include areas of study across the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and the arts. It has its origins in Ancient Greece and began with a "desire for a universal understanding". Simply put liberal arts education aimed at holistic education. This can be simplified even further to an education born out of the development of number and language. It developed throughout classical antiquity but began with Pythagoras and his interest in all things mathematical. Pythagoras learnt a lot from the Ancient Egyptians and eventually after hundreds of years and various contributions this knowledge became the four specialisms (Quadrivium) of astronomy, arithmetic, geometry and music. Language became more and more important in human affairs and by 4th century Athens it was paramount to how the city state (polis) was governed. Therefore education also began to include instruction in how to speak well. Again over hundreds of years and with numerous contributions this became formalised as the three language arts (Trivium) of grammar, dialectic, and rhetoric. 

Liberal arts became formalised in the middle ages drawing on its origins in Ancient Greek and Roman culture. Perhaps the most famous image of the Liberal Arts is plate 11, "Philosophy and the Liberal Arts" from the "Garden of Delights ()" which was created by a group of women in the 12th century. In the image [right] you can see the seven liberal arts arranged around the Queen Philosophy who sits above Socrates and Plato. "Their encyclopedia compiled ideas drawn from philosophy, theology, literature, music, arts, and sciences and was intended as a teaching tool for women of the abbey who focused on Liberal Arts Education."

Being holistic, liberal arts education aimed at bringing the theoretical and practical together. As Dante put it, so "that the theoretical intellect by extension becomes practical, its goal then being doing and making". It was intended to be a mental and practical education which by the time of the Renaissance realised a . 

Historically it was an education reserved only for the elite, and students were predominantly young gentlemen from wealthy families deemed respectable and important. Today, in the USA liberal arts education is still restricted to "elites" who can afford to pay significant fees to attend exclusive liberal arts colleges. Across Europe liberal arts education is now far more affordable with some Universities explicitly stating that it can now "be enjoyed by everyone."

The four liberal arts were taught in two groups: the "trivium" and the "quadrivium" :

During the Middle Ages, the liberal arts were central to university education. The "quadrivium" followed the preparatory work of the "trivium".

The area and range of the liberal arts evolved in time. Originally, most of the teaching, and all of the text-books, would have been in Latin, the language the students would have learnt at school before they came to college. In the beginning the courses were aimed at educating the elite in the classical works. Eventually, the meaning of "liberal arts" got extended to include both humanities and science. But even today, practical activities as agriculture, business, engineering, pedagogy or pharmacy are excluded from the liberal arts. The liberal professions include only professions which require education at university, mainly law and medicine.

The trivium (Latin for "three ways"), included the literary disciplines:


The quadrivium (Latin for "four ways"), included the disciplines connected with mathematics. They were:


Liberal arts colleges are a modern re-interpretation of the old idea. Mostly in the United States, these colleges concentrate on good teaching, and are closer to the Oxford & Cambridge type of tuition than most universities. They are mostly or entirely fee-paying institutions, and so continue to offer an elite education to students from prosperous families or gifted students through significant financial aid. The courses are mostly or entirely undergraduate courses.


Brain damage

Brain damage is damage to the brain from either illnesses or injuries. Brain cells are damaged, which often affects one's brain in a way that stops the brain from thinking or reacting the same way as it did before the brain was damaged.

Physical damage to the brain is called traumatic brain injury (TBI). It has occurred since ancient times, and old medical records exist.

Head injuries and their effects were known in ancient times.

Ancient Mesopotamians knew of head injury and some of its effects, including seizures, paralysis, and loss of sight, hearing or speech. The Edwin Smith Papyrus, written around 1650–1550 BC, describes various head injuries and symptoms and classifies them based on their presentation and tractability. Ancient Greek physicians including Hippocrates understood the brain to be the center of thought, probably due to their experience with head trauma.

Perhaps the first reported case of personality change after brain injury is that of Phineas Gage. He survived an accident in 1848 when a large iron rod was driven through his head, destroying at least his left frontal lobe.

He recovered with no apparent sensory, movement, or big cognitive damage. However, his behaviour so altered that friends described him as "no longer being Gage". This suggested that the damaged areas are involved in "higher functions" such as personality. Many cases of personality change after brain injury have been reported since.

In the 1970s, awareness of TBI as a public health problem grew. A great deal of progress has been made since then in brain trauma research, such as the discovery of primary and secondary brain injury. The 1990s saw the development and dissemination of standardized guidelines for treatment of TBI, with protocols for a range of issues such as drugs and management of intracranial pressure. Research since the early 1990s has improved TBI survival. That decade was called the "Decade of the Brain" for advances made in brain research.


Assembly language

An assembly language is a programming language that can be used to directly tell the computer what to do. An assembly language is almost exactly like the machine code that a computer can understand, except that it uses words in place of numbers. A computer cannot really understand an assembly program directly. However, it can easily change the program into machine code by replacing the words of the program with the numbers that they stand for. A program that does that is called an assembler.

Programs written in assembly language are usually made of "instructions", which are small tasks that the computer performs when it is running the program. They are called instructions because the programmer uses them to instruct the computer what to do. The part of the computer that follows the instructions is the processor.

The assembly language of a computer is a low-level language, which means that it can only be used to do the simple tasks that a computer can understand directly. In order to perform more complex tasks, one must tell the computer each of the simple tasks that are part of the complex task. For example, a computer does not understand how to print a sentence on its screen. Instead, a program written in assembly must tell it how to do all of the small steps that are involved in printing the sentence.

Such an assembly program would be composed of many, many instructions, that together do something that seems very simple and basic to a human. This makes it hard for humans to read an assembly program. In contrast, a high-level programming language may have a single instruction such as PRINT ""Hello, world!"" that will tell the computer to perform all of the small tasks for you.

When computer scientists first built programmable machines, they programmed them directly in machine code, which is a series of numbers that instructed the computer what to do. Writing machine language was very hard to do and took a long time, so eventually assembly language was made. Assembly language is easier for a human to read and can be written faster, but it is still much harder for a human to use than a high-level programming language which tries to mimic human language.

To program in machine code, the programmer needs to know what each instruction looks like in binary (or hexadecimal). Although it is easy for a computer to quickly figure out what machine code means, it is hard for a programmer. Each instruction can have several forms, all of which just look like a bunch of numbers to people. Any mistake that someone makes while writing machine code will only be noticed when the computer does the wrong thing. Figuring out the mistake is hard because most people cannot tell what machine code means by looking at it. An example of what machine code looks like:

05 2A 00

This hexadecimal machine code tells an x86 computer processor to add 42 to the accumulator. It is very difficult for a person to read and understand it even if that person knows machine code.

With assembly language, each instruction can be written as a short word, called a "mnemonic", followed by other things like numbers or other short words. The mnemonic is used so that the programmer does not have to remember the exact numbers in machine code needed to tell the computer to do something. Examples of mnemonics in assembly language include "add", which adds data, and "mov", which moves data from one place to another. Because 'mnemonic' is an uncommon word, the phrase "instruction type" or just "instruction" is sometimes used instead, often incorrectly. The words and numbers after the first word give more information about what to do. For instance, things following an "add" might be what two things to add together and the things following "mov" say what to move and where to put it.

For example, the machine code in the previous section (05 2A 00) can be written in assembly as:

Assembly language also allows programmers to write the actual data the program uses in easier ways. Most assembly languages have support for easily making numbers and text. In machine code, each different type of number like positive, negative or decimal, would have to be manually converted into binary and text would have to be defined one letter at a time, as numbers.

Assembly language provides what is called an abstraction of machine code. When using assembly, programmers do not need to know the details of what numbers mean to the computer, the assembler figures that out instead. Assembly language still lets the programmer use all the features of the processor that they could with machine code. In this sense, assembly language has a very good, rare trait: it has the same ability to express things as the thing it is abstracting (machine code) while being much easier to use. Because of this, machine code is almost never used as a programming language.

When programs are finished, they have already been transformed into machine code so that the processor can actually run them. Sometimes, however, if the program has a bug (mistake) in it, programmers will want to be able to tell what each part of the machine code is doing. Disassemblers are programs that help programmers do that by transforming the machine code of the program back into assembly language, which is much easier to understand. Disassemblers, which turn machine code into assembly language, do the opposite of assemblers, which turn assembly language into machine code.

An understanding of how computers are organized, how they seem to work at a very low level, is needed to understand how an assembly language program works. At the simplist level, computers have three main parts:


In most computers, memory is divided up into bytes. Each byte contains 8 bits. Each byte in memory also has an "address" which is a number that says where the byte is in memory. The first byte in memory has an address of 0, the next one has an address of 1, and so on. Dividing memory into bytes makes it "byte addressable" because each byte gets a unique address. Addresses of byte memories cannot be used to refer to a single bit of a byte. A byte is the smallest piece of memory that can be addressed.

Even though an address refers to a particular byte in memory, processors allow for using several bytes of memory in a row. The most common use of this feature is to use either 2 or 4 bytes in a row to represent a number, usually an integer. Single bytes are sometimes also used to represent integers, but because they are only 8 bits long, they can only hold 2 or 256 different possible values. Using 2 or 4 bytes in a row raises the number of different possible values to be 2, 65536 or 2, 4294967296, respectively.

When a program uses a byte or a number of bytes in a row to represent something like a letter, number, or anything else, those bytes are called an "object" because they are all part of the same thing. Even though objects are all stored in identical bytes of memory, they are treated as though they have a 'type', which says how the bytes should be understood: either as an integer or a character or some other type (like a non-integer value). Machine code can also be thought of as a type that is interpreted as instructions. The notion of a type is very, very important because it defines what things can and can’t be done to the object and how to interpret the bytes of the object. For instance, it is not valid to store a negative number in a positive number object and it is not valid to store a fraction in an integer.

An address that points to (is the address of) a multi-byte object is the address to the first byte of that object – the byte that has the lowest address. As an aside, one important thing to note is that you can’t tell what the type of an object is - or even its size - by its address. In fact, you can’t even tell what type an object is by looking at it. An assembly language program needs to keep track of which memory addresses hold which objects, and how big those objects are. A program that does so is "type safe" because it only does things to objects that are safe to do on their type. A program that doesn’t will probably not work properly. Note that most programs do not actually explicitly store what the type of an object is, they just access objects consistently - the same object is always treated as the same type.

The processor runs (executes) instructions, which are stored as machine code in main memory. As well as being able to access memory for storage, most processors have a few small, fast, fixed-size spaces for holding objects that are currently being worked with. These spaces are called "registers". Processors usually execute three types of instructions, although some instructions can be a combination of these types. Below are some examples of each type in x86 assembly language.

The following x86 assembly language instruction reads (loads) a 2-byte object from the byte at address 4096 (0x1000 in hexadecimal) into a 16-bit register called 'ax':
In this assembly language, square brackets around a number (or a register name) mean that the number should be used as an address to the data that should be used. The use of an address to point to data is called indirection. In this next example, without the square brackets, another register, bx, actually gets the value 20 loaded into it.

Because no indirection was used, the actual value itself was put into the register.

If the operands (the things that come after the mnemonic), appear in the reverse order, an instruction that loads something from memory instead writes it to memory:
Here, the memory at address 1000h gets the value of bx. If this example is executed right after the previous one, the 2 bytes at 1000h and 1001h will be a 2 byte integer with the value of 20.

Some instructions do things like subtraction or logical operations like "not":

The machine code example earlier in this article would be this in assembly language:
Here, 42 and ax are added together and the result is stored back in ax. In x86 assembly it is also possible to combine a memory access and mathematical operation like this:

This instruction adds the value of the 2 byte integer stored at 1000h to ax and stores the answer in ax.

This instruction computes the or of the contents of the registers ax and bx and stores the result back into ax.

Usually, instructions are executed in the order they appear in memory, which is the order they are in the assembly code. The processor just executes them one after another. However, in order for processors to do complicated things, they need to execute different instructions based on what the data they were given is. The ability of processors to execute different instructions depending on something's outcome is called "branching". Instructions that decide what the next instruction should be are called "branch instructions".

In this example, suppose someone wants to calculate the amount of paint they will need to paint a square with a certain side length. The paint store will not sell them any less than amount of paint needed to paint a 100 x 100 square.

To figure out the amount of paint they will need to get based on the length of the square they want to paint, they come up with this set of steps:


That algorithm can be expressed in the following code where ax is the side length.
continue:
This example introduces several new things, but the first two instructions are familiar. They copy the value of ax into bx and then subtract 100 from bx.

One of the new things in this example is called a label, a concept found in assembly languages in general. Labels can be anything the programmer wants (unless it is the name of an instruction, which would confuse the assembler). In this example, the label is 'continue'. It is interpreted by the assembler as the address of an instruction. In this case, it is the address of mult ax.

Another new concept is that of flags. On x86 processors, many instructions set 'flags' in the processor that can be used by the next instruction to decide what to do. In this case, if bx was less than 100, sub will set a flag that says the result was less than zero.

The next instruction is jge which is short for 'jump if greater than or equal to'. It is a branch instruction. If the flags in the processor specify that the result was greater than or equal to zero, instead of just going to the next instruction the processor will jump to the instruction at the continue label, which is "mul ax".

This example works fine, but it is not what most programmers would write. The subtract instruction set the flag correctly, but it also changes the value it operates on, which required the ax to be copied into bx. Most assembly languages allow for comparison instruction that do not change any of the arguments they are passed, but still set the flags properly and x86 assembly is no exception.
continue:
Now, instead of subtracting 100 from ax, seeing if that number is less than zero, and assigning it back to ax, ax is left unchanged. The flags are still set the same way, and the jump is still taken in the same situations.

While input and output are a fundamental part of computing, there is no one way they are done in assembly language. This is because the way I/O works depends on the set up of the computer and the operating system it is running, not just what kind of processor it has. In the example section below, the Hello World example uses MS-DOS operating system calls and the example after it uses BIOS calls.

It is possible to do I/O in assembly language. Assembly language can generally express anything that a computer is capable of doing. However, even though there are instructions to add and branch in assembly language that will always do the same thing there are no instructions in assembly language that always do I/O.

The way that I/O works is not part of any assembly language because it is not part of how the processor works.

Even though assembly language is not directly run by the processor - machine code is, it still has a lot to do with it. Each processor family supports different features, instructions, rules for what the instructions can do, and rules for what combination of instructions are allowed where. Because of this, different types of processors still need different assembly languages.

Because each version of assembly language is tied to a processor family, it lacks something called "portability". Something that has portability or is portable can be easily transferred from one type of computer to another. While other types of programming languages are portable, assembly language, in general, is not.

Although assembly language allows for an easy way to use all the processor's features, it is not used for modern software projects for several reasons:


As a result of these drawbacks, high-level languages like Pascal, C, and C++ are used for most projects instead. They allow programmers to express their ideas more directly instead of having to worry about telling the processor what to do every step of the way. They're called high-level because the ideas the programmer can express in the same amount code are more complicated.

Programmers writing code in compiled high level languages use a program called a compiler to transform their code into assembly language. Compilers are much harder to write than assemblers are. Also, high-level languages do not always allow programmers to use all the features of the processor. This is because high-level languages are designed to support all processor families. Unlike assembly languages, that only support one type of processor, high-level languages are portable.

Even though compilers are more complicated than assemblers, decades of making and researching compilers has made them very good. Now, there is not much reason to use assembly language anymore for most projects, because compilers can usually figure out how to express programs in assembly language as well or better than programmers.

A "Hello, world!" program written in x86 assembly:

adosseg
.model small
.stack 100h

.data
hello_message db 'Hello, World!',0dh,0ah,'$'

.code
main proc

main endp
end main. 
A function that prints a number to the screen using BIOS interrupts written in NASM x86 assembly. Modular code is possible to write in assembly, but it takes extra effort. Note that anything that comes after a semicolon on a line is a comment and is ignored by the assembler. Putting comments in assembly language code is very important because large assembly language programs are so hard to understand.

printn:

gloop: inc si ; length of string
num: add dx, ('A'- 10) ; hex value, add 'A' to dx - 10.
anum: push dx ; put dx onto stack.

tloop: pop ax ; get its value




Toffee

Toffee is a candy which is made by boiling sugar with butter, and then cooling the mixture so that it becomes hard. Sometimes it is made with treacle. 


<br>

Chop, Ukraine

Chop (, , ) is a city found in the Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine, near the borders of Slovakia and Hungary. It is separated from the Hungarian town of Záhony by the river Tisza.

According to the Ukrainian national census, Chop had a population in 2001 of 8,919, of whom 40% were Ukrainians, 39.2% ethnic Hungarians and 20.8% Gypsies, Russians, Slovaks, Belarusians, Jews .

Chop is an important railway junction in Ukraine where the Lviv-Stryi-Budapest railway line meets the Lviv-Uzhgorod-Košice line. Near Chop, there are also international railway and highway border crossings to Hungary and Slovakia and also to the westernmost point of Ukraine.


United States metropolitan area

Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSA) are large metropolitan areas of the United States as defined by the Office of Management and Budget. These areas are urban areas with a lot of people. An earlier version of the MSA was the "Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area" (SMSA). MSAs are used for official purposes.

MSAs are made up of counties and for some county equivalents. In New England, because of the greater importance of towns over counties, similar areas are based on town units. These are called New England City and Town Areas (NECTAs).

MSAs are created around a central urban area —an areawhere there are a lot of people. The counties with the urbanized area are known as the central counties of the MSA. Other nearby counties (known as outlying counties) can be a part of the MSA if these counties have strong social and economic connections to the central counties. Some areas within these outlying counties may actually be rural areas.

The population estimates for some metro areas are not always agreed upon. In some cases, different sources give numbers of people which differ by millions. The definitions used for the last U.S. Census differed from those for previous censuses. This makes it hard to compare official information from different dates. MSA boundaries do not stretch into Canada or Mexico. This can affect the number of people in several cities. For example, Detroit, Buffalo, El Paso and San Diego are often much larger than their MSA figures.

As of June 2003, there is now an additional classification, “Metropolitan Division.” The term metropolitan division is used for a county or group of counties that are a distinct employment area within a metropolitan statistical area that has at least 2.5 million people. A metropolitan division is a part of a larger metropolitan statistical area but it is often a distinct social, economic, and cultural area within the larger region.

The following is a list of the 25 most populated metropolitan statistical areas and metropolitan divisions in the United States, according to the July 1, 2007 U.S. Census Bureau estimates:

Jenks, Oklahoma

Jenks is a city in Tulsa County, Oklahoma, United States, and a suburb of Tulsa, in the northeastern part of the state. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 25,949.

Owasso, Oklahoma

Owasso is a city in Rogers and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma, and a northern suburb of Tulsa. The population was 38,240 at the 2020 census.

Broken Arrow, Oklahoma

Broken Arrow is a city in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Most of it is in Tulsa County, but part of it is in western Wagoner County.

Inuvik, Northwest Territories

Inuvik is a town in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is also where the local government of the Inuvik Region is based.

Inuvik was created as a replacement in 1953 for the earlier administrative center, Aklavik because that area was often flooded. At first, it was called "New Aklavik" but was renamed Inuvik in 1958 because there was confusion between the names of Aklavik and New Akalavik. Inuvik means "Place of Man" in Inuvialuktun, the local Inuit language.

Edmond, Oklahoma

Edmond is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area in the central part of the state.

QuikTrip

QuikTrip (abbreviated QT) is a Tulsa-based chain of convenience stores mainly found in the Midwestern and Southern United States (not to be confused with Kwik Trip convenience stores).

The first QuikTrip opened in 1958 in Tulsa, Oklahoma by Chester Cadieux and Burt B. Holmes. QuikTrip promotes its gasoline as "high-quality" and offers a money-back guarantee.

Oklahoma City Thunder

The Oklahoma City Thunder (abbreviated OKC) are an American professional basketball franchise based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The Seattle SuperSonics franchise had moved to Oklahoma, which meant that there was a new team name (Oklahoma City Thunder). Because of this, the Thunder replaced Seattle in the Western Conference's Northwest Division and began play at Oklahoma City's Ford Center, now known as Paycom Center, during the 2008–09 NBA season.

Nadsat

Nadsat is a slang language. It was invented by Anthony Burgess when he wrote a book called "A Clockwork Orange". The book is about a teenager called Alex. Alex speaks Nadsat in the book. Stanley Kubrick turned the book into a film, also called "A Clockwork Orange".

The name of the slang language "Nadsat" comes from Russian. So do many words in the language itself. In Russian, numbers between ten and twenty end with -"nadsat". This is like the way the same numbers end with -"teen" in English. So "Nadsat" means 'teen'.

Although there is 1950s Russian slang in Nadsat, there are other languages too. However, most words in Nadsat are English or variations of English. One type of English variation used is rhyming slang.


Larry Bird

Larry Joe Bird (born December 7, 1956) is an American retired NBA basketball player. He won three NBA championships in 1981, 1984, and 1986 with the Boston Celtics. He has also won the NBA MVP award three times, in 1984, 1985, and 1986 as a Celtic. He played college basketball at Indiana State University where he developed a rivalry and friendship with Los Angeles Lakers star Magic Johnson when he faced him in the 1979 NCAA national championship game and three NBA championship series (1984, 1985 and 1987). He has been described as one of the greatest basketball players and greatest shooters of all time. Bird was nicknamed Larry Legend and The Hick from French Lick, after his hometown in Indiana. He was also called Kodak by his first NBA coach, Bill Fitch, because Bird could form pictures in his head of the plays on the basketball court. Finally, he was nicknamed The Great White Hope.

In 1992, Bird was a member of the United States men's national basketball team. The team was one of the most famous teams in US Olympic history, known as "The Dream Team." The team captured the gold medal after going undefeated.

In 1997, Bird became the head coach of the Indiana Pacers. He was also President of the Pacers (2000-2012, 2013-2017).

He was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2006.

Seattle SuperSonics

The Seattle SuperSonics (also called the Seattle Sonics) were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle, Washington that played in the Pacific and Northwest Divisions of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1967 until its final season in 2007–2008. The team moved to Oklahoma City in 2008, changing its name to the Oklahoma City Thunder.

Jurassic Park (movie)

Jurassic Park is a 1993 American science fiction movie directed by Steven Spielberg, based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. It is about a group of people visiting a park on an island where dinosaurs have been brought back to life. They have to survive when the dinosaurs break out. It was released on June 11, 1993, and got positive reviews. It is one of the most famous movies ever made involving dinosaurs.

John Hammond, the owner of a scientific company, creates a theme park on an island that has dinosaurs which have been brought back to life by being cloned. He invites Dr. Alan Grant, a man who studies dinosaurs and doesn't work well with kids, and Dr. Ellie Sattler, a woman who studies ancient plants, to visit the park.

Along with a mathematician named Ian Malcolm and a lawyer named Donald Gennaro, they go to the park and see a few dinosaurs, like "Brachiosaurus". John says that the dinosaurs were brought back because of the dinosaur DNA found in some mosquitoes. To fix any broken parts of the DNA, they added the DNA of frogs to the dinosaurs. The dinosaurs were all made to be female so that they would not breed.

Lex and Tim Murphy, who are Hammond's grandkids, join the group. The group goes on a tour of the park in some Ford Explorer cars. A tropical storm heads towards the park, and it starts raining. Ellie is separated from the group when she tries to help a sick "Triceratops". Dennis Nedry, a worker at the park, betrays Hammond so he can get money from another company, and he turns off the park's safety systems. The cars that the group are in aren't able to move anymore.

Many dinosaurs, including a "T. rex", break out of their pens. The "T. rex" eats Donald, hurts Ian, and pushes a car off a cliff. As Dennis tries to escape the park, he gets killed by a "Dilophosaurus".

Ellie, along with Robert Muldoon, a park worker, look for survivors. They rescue Malcolm and escape the "T. rex" in a Jeep. John, along with the park's main engineer named Ray Arnold, decide to reboot the park's systems. During the rebooting, the dangerous "Velociraptors" escape and start to wander the park.

When Ray goes missing, Ellie goes to finish the rebooting process. She finds that Ray has been killed, and she runs away from one raptor. Two of the raptors show up, and they surprise and kill Robert. Meanwhile, Alan, Lex, and Tim, spend the night in a tall tree. They make friends with a "Brachiosaurus".

The next day, Alan, Lex, and Tim discover dinosaur eggs. At first, they are confused, since the dinosaurs are all female, and eggs can't be laid unless there is a male dinosaur involved. Alan figures out that the frog DNA in the dinosaur DNA allows the dinosaurs to change their genders.

They come across a group of running "Gallimimus", and they head towards an electric fence. When the park's power turns back on, Tim gets shocked by the fence and gets hurt. As Alan goes to look for Ellie, Lex and Tim are hunted by the raptors in a kitchen. They escape and meet up with Alan and Ellie. All four of them end up cornered by the raptors in the park's atrium, but the "T. rex" arrives and kills the raptors.

John, Alan, Ellie, Ian, Lex, and Tim, all survive, and leave the park in a helicopter. John is disappointed that the park was unsuccessful, but Ellie is happy that Alan has learned to get along with kids.

The movie was based off a book by Michael Crichton. A few people wanted to be the director of the movie, like Tim Burton. Eventually, Steven Spielberg was chosen to direct.

Filming the movie started in 1992 on Kaua'i, an island in Hawaii. The filming was stopped for a day because Hurricane Iniki passed over the island. A few of the scenes in the movie that involve rain were actually filmed during the hurricane. Other scenes were filmed in California, on a stage at Warner Bros. Studios, and in other places in Hawaii.

At first, the dinosaurs were going to be made using stop-motion, but Spielberg didn't think it looked real enough. The dinosaurs in the movie were created using ways called animatronics and CGI. The dinosaurs were either robots, puppets, or made with computers.

After filming for the movie was over, Spielberg monitored the effects work while he was in the country of Poland, where he was filming another movie, "Schindler's List".

The music that plays in the movie was composed by John Williams.

"Jurassic Park" got positive reviews, as many critics and moviegoers enjoyed it. Many people praised the movie's special effects and music. The movie was nominated for three Academy Awards (Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Visual Effects), and won all three.

At the time, "Jurassic Park" had made more money than any other movie. However, the movie "Titanic" ended up making even more money, breaking the record.

"Jurassic Park" has five sequels: "" (1997), "Jurassic Park III" (2001), "Jurassic World" (2015), "" (2018), and "" (2022). Animated web series include: "LEGO Jurassic World: Legend of Isla Nublar", "".


Jørn Utzon

Jørn Utzon (April 9, 1918 – November 29, 2008) was a Danish architect. He was born in Copenhagen and grew up in Aalborg. He is most well known for designing the Sydney Opera House in Australia. He won a contest for designing the Sydney Opera House in 1957. However, he left Australia in 1966 and never returned and saw his completed work. He thought of his design of the Sydney Opera House to be like peeling an orange, as he said putting the shells of the building together would make a perfect sphere. In 2001, he was invited back to restore the building and change it back toward his original designs, but he did not return.

In 2003, Utzon won the Pritzker Prize.

Utzon died of a heart attack in Copenhagen.


Psycholinguistics

Psycholinguistics or psychology of language is the study of the psychological and neurobiological factors that allows humans to get, use, and understand language. It studies how our minds allow us to understand language and produce language. One part of psycholinguistics, developmental psycholinguistics studies how children learn to talk. 


Livid

Livid is an alternative live music festival from Australia. It went every year from 1989 to 2003. The first festival was at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, it was later held in Melbourne and Sydney.

Meherabad

Meherabad ("abad" means a flourishing colony) is the main center where Meher Baba lived and worked from 1923. It is about nine kilometers (6 miles) south of Ahmednagar, India. It is now the site of Meher Baba's tomb as well as places for visitors to stay. A large number of buildings associated with the earlier days of Baba’s work as well as places of charity are also there. Many Baba lovers work or live in the Meherabad area. Meherabad is a popular place of pilgrimage. Around 30,000 pilgrims come each year to Amartithi (the anniversary of Meher Baba's death). In 1944 Meher Baba moved his residence 15 miles north to Meherazad located on the other side of Ahmedagar. It also is a place of pilgrimage.

Sakori

Sakori is a village in Ahmednagar District of Maharashtra State, India that is most famous as the place where Upasni Maharaj lived and worked.

Bashkardi language

Bashkardi is a southwestern Iranian language spoken in the southeast of Iran in the provinces of Kerman, Sistan and Baluchestan, and Hormozgan. Bashkardi has numerous dialects and these dialects form a transition from Larestani to Balochi.

Jhangochi

Jhangochi, also referred to as Jhangvi, Jhangli, Rachnavi or Jatki, is a Punjabi dialect spoken in the central regions of the Pakistani province of Punjab. It is, sometimes, regarded as the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi language. It is spoken throughout a widespread area, at both ends of the Jhelum, Ravi and Chenab rivers, in parts of Jhang, Khanewal, Vehari, Chiniot, Khushab, Sargodha and Chakwal districts of Punjab. It is also spoken in few areas of Muzaffargarh and Lodhran districts of Pakistani Punjab and Fazilka district of Indian Punjab and Sri Ganganagar of Rajasthan.

Jhangochi is transitional with the Majhi dialect, but has several aspects that set it apart from other Punjabi varieties. This area has a great culture and heritage, especially literary heritage, as it is credited with the creation of the famous epic romance stories of Heer Ranjha and Mirza Sahiban. It is spoken in the Bar areas of Punjab, i.e. areas whose names are often suffixed with 'Bar', for example Sandal Bar, Kirana Bar, Neeli Bar and Ganji Bar.

Kalash language

Kalash or Kalasha (also known as Kalasha-mun) is an Indo-European language in the Indo-Aryan branch, further classified as a Dardic language in the Chitral Group. However, this Dardic classification is questionable because only 53% of the commonly used words in Kalash have cognates in Khowar language.


Piergiorgio Odifreddi

Piergiorgio Odifreddi (born July 13, 1950), is an Italian mathematician (person who studies mathematics), logician (person who studies reason), essayist (person who writes essays) and fond of the history of science.

He is particularly well-known in Italy for his longstanding criticisms and ridicule of the Catholic Church and religions in general and the writings and popular interventions of Antonino Zichichi.

Lubanki dialect

Lubanki, also known as Labanki, is a extinct Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Lubanas tribal grouping in the Republic of India and Pakistan. It is classified as a form or dialect of Punjabi. Lubanki has been spoken in the Rajasthan and Gujarat areas and some areas of Pakistan. The Punjabi word tanda is allegedly of Lubanki origin and means a town. The dialect is almost extinct. With the loss of the language's prestige and status, most Lubanas now speak other forms of Punjabi as their primary language.

When Guru Tegh Bahadur Was discovered by Baba Makhan Shah Labana, Makhan Shah climbed on top a village roof and started shouting the famous line Guru ladho rae "The Guru has been found", which is alleged to be in Lubanki dialect.

Parkari Koli language

The Parkari Koli language (sometimes called just Parkari) is a language mainly spoken in the province of Sindh, Pakistan.

Sarikoli language

The Sarikoli language (also Selekur, Sarikul, Sariqul, Sariköli) is a member of the Pamir subgroup of the Southeastern Iranian languages spoken by Tajiks in China and border regions of Pakistani Kashmir.

Waziristani dialect

Waziri language is a Southeastern Iranian language spoken by the Wazir Pashtun tribe in Waziristan in Pakistan. It is also spoken by some of the neighboring people of Pakistan and Afghanistan. The language can be considered a dialect of the Pashto language but has some distinctive features and vocabulary.

Phallus

The word phallus refers to an erect penis, to a penis-shaped object such as a dildo, or to a mimetic image of an erect penis.

Any object that symbolically resembles a penis may also be referred to as a phallus, or as being "phallic" (as in 'phallic symbol'). Such symbols represent the fertility associated with the male sexual organ, and the male orgasm.

When an erect penis is shown in art, it is often called a phallus (). Erotic (sexually exciting) art has shown phalluses for a very long time. Pictures of men with erections appear on ancient objects and in paintings.

The erect penis was also a symbol or sign of health and fertility (the ability to give life). The Hohle Fels phallus was found in a cave in Germany. It is a piece of stone carved to look like a penis that is about 28,000 years old.

From the fourth millennium B.C. (4000–3001 B.C.), Ancient Egyptians worshipped Min as the god of reproduction and the maker of all things. Min was shown in statues and on wall carvings as having an erect penis.

The Ancient Greeks believed in a god called "Priapus" who had a very large penis that was always erect. He was thought to protect livestock (animals kept by humans for food, milk, leather or wool), fruit plants and gardens, and men's sex organs. He was also seen as able to chase away evil, and as a protector of sailors, fishermen and others needing good luck. The oldest piece of writing about Priapus that is known is a comedy (a funny or silly play) written some time in the fourth century B.C. (400–301 B.C.). In Greek mythology, Priapus tried to attack a nymph (a female spirit) named Lotis who was sleeping so he could force her to have sex. However, a donkey brayed – it gave a loud cry. This made him lose his erection, and also woke Lotis up. To save Lotis, the gods turned her into a lotus plant. In the end, Priapus's lust – his strong desire to have sex – made him have an erection all the time, and his penis grew so large that he could not move. Although some temples were built for people to pray to Priapus, he was mostly worshipped in people's homes or gardens. Donkeys would sometimes be killed and offered to him, but gifts of fish, flowers, fruit and vegetables were also very common. Statues of Priapus were often placed at doorways and crossroads (places where two roads crossed). To make Priapus happy, people passing by would stroke the statue's penis.

A Herma, or herm, is a sculpture with a head, and perhaps a torso, above a plain, usually squared lower section, on which male genitals may also be carved at the appropriate height. The form originated in Ancient Greece, and was adopted by the Romans, and revived at the Renaissance.

In ancient Greece the statues had an apotropaic function, and were placed at crossings and borders as protection. Hermes was a phallic god, associated with fertility, luck, roads and borders. His name comes from the word "herma". In Athens, they were placed outside houses for good luck and protection. They would be adorned with garlands or wreaths and anointed with olive oil to obtain luck.

Shiva, perhaps the most ancient of the Indian deities, and the third of the Hindu Trinity—one of the most widely worshipped and edified deity in the Hindu pantheon, is worshipped often in the form of the lingam, or phallus. Evidence of phallic worship in the India date back to prehistoric times. Stone Lingams with several varieties of stylized "heads", or the glans, are found to this date in many of the old temples, and in museums in India and abroad.

The famous man-size lingam in the Parashurameshwar Temple in the Chitoor Distirct of the Indian State of Andhra Pradesh, better known as the Gudimallam Lingam, is about 1.5 metres in height, carved in polished black granite. Dated back to ca. 2300-2800 BC, it is one of the existing lingams from the pre-Buddhist period. The almost naturalistic giant lingam is distinguished by its prominent, bulbous head, and an anthropomorphic form of Shiva carved in high relief on the shaft. Shiva Lingams in India have tended to become more and more stylized over the centuries, and existing lingams from before the 6th century show a more leaning towards the naturalistic style, with the glans clearly indicated.

Today, phalluses do not often appear in artworks or movies (except in pornographic movies which show people having sex with each other). This is because many people think that showing a man's penis when it is erect is obscene (not decent).


Sandbach

Sandbach is a market town in Cheshire, United Kingdom. It is in the Borough of Congleton.The town is mainly populated by White British Inhabitants.


Alsager

Alsager is a town and civil parish in Cheshire, England. It is located in the Borough of Congleton, near to the border with Staffordshire.

In the 2011 census, the town had a population of 11,775.

In 2007, Alsager was awarded Fairtrade town status by the Fairtrade Foundation.

Despite the town's Staffordshire postcode and Crewe dialling code, it is its own town, and is not part of Crewe or Stoke-on-Trent.


Badawi Pass

The Badawi Pass connects Dir with Kohistan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Bilafond La

Bilafond La (meaning "Pass of the Butterflies") is a mountain pass on Saltoro Ridge . It is , also called the Saltoro Pass. It is west of the large Siachen Glacier. India controls the pass now. It is near the Line of Control dividing Indian- and Pakistani-administered territory.

Sia La Pass

Sia La is a mountain pass on Saltoro Ridge, which is immediately west of the vast Siachen Glacier. Currently held by India, the pass is near the line of control dividing Indian- and Pakistani-administered territory.

Bara-lacha-la Pass

Bara-lacha-la (also known as Bara-lacha Pass, el. 5045 m./16,400 ft.) is a high mountain pass connecting Lahaul District in Himachal Pradesh to Ladakh in Jammu & Kashmir state.
A narrow pass in greater Himalayan ranges of HP, located at a height of 1200 ft. This pass is not available for transportation during winter due to snow cover

Changla Pass

The Changla Pass (el. 5425 m./17,800 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Ladakh, India.

Fotu La

Fotu La () or Fatu La is the highest mountain pass on the Srinagar-Leh highway in the Himalaya in Kashmir.

Khardong La Pass

Khardung La ("la" means "pass" in Tibetan) is a high mountain pass located in the Ladakh region, Maqbuza Kashmir. It is at 5359 m above seal level.The local pronunciation is "Khardong La" or "Khardzong La" but, as with most names in Ladakh, the romanised spelling varies.
The pass on the Ladakh Range is north of Leh and is the gateway to the Shyok and Nubra valleys. The Siachen Glacier lies part way up the latter valley. Built in 1976, it was opened to public motor vehicles in 1988. Maintained by the Border Roads Organisation, the pass is strategically important to India as it is used to carry supplies to the Siachen Glacier Disputed.

The elevation of Khardung La is 5,359 m (17,582 ft).[1] Local summit signs and dozens of stores selling shirts in Leh incorrectly claim that its elevation is in the vicinity of 5,602 m (18,379 ft)[citation needed] and that it is the world's highest motorable pass.
Lungalacha La Pass

Lachulanga la (el. 5059 m) is a mountain pass on the Leh-Manali highway.It located 54 km from Sarchu and 24 km from Pang on the Manali Leh highway. This is one of the easier 16000+ passes and it can be traversed cross country by moving along the nala on both side. However due to lack of greenry in this region, the climbers / hikers face breathlessness during climb and those who have not undergone acclimatisation may face severe symptoms of AMS.

Marsimik La

Marsimik La, elevation 5,582 metres (18,314 ft), is a high mountain pass in the Chang-Chemno Range in northern Kashmir (India). There is a road over this pass, over which suitably adapted vehicles have been driven, but it is not a motorable pass in the sense that the road is not in good enough condition to permit transit by normal vehicles.

If it were motorable, it would be the highest motorable pass in Kashmir, but reports suggest that there are probably higher motorable passes in Tibet.

Located 16 km northeast of the northwest tip of Pangong Lake, the pass is on the shortest route from there to the contested Kongka La (Pass) area 42 km farther northeast on the China - Occupied Kashmir line of actual control. Marsimik La is four km west of the sharp 6000 to 6500 meter ridge line forming the line of actual control.

Namika La Pass

Namika la (el. 3700 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Himalaya in Maqbuza Kashmir on the Srinagar-Leh highway.

Pensi La Pass

Pensi-la is a mountain pass in the Ladakh region of Kashmir, which is known as the Gateway to Zanskar.

Sasser Pass

Sasser Pass or Saser-la (el. 5411 m./17,753 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Kashmir on the ancient summer caravan route from Ladakh to Yarkand in the Tarim Basin. It leads from the head of the Nubra Valley into the upper Shyok valley, on the way to the even higher, but easier, Karakoram Pass.

Shingo La Pass

Shingo-la is a mountain pass in Jammu and Kashmir, on the border between Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh (Republic of India). There is a shallow lake or pool about 20m below the pass. The pass is on a footpath linking Zanskar and Lahaul, used often by locals and trekkers alike. For trekkers it is one of the technically easiest 5000m passes in Indian Himalaya, involving no glacier trekking nor steep climbs. There is snow on the pass all year round. In the summer, only a small stretch of snow has to be passed.

Tanglang La Pass

Taglang La, elevation , is a high mountain pass in Ladakh, Kashmir.

Bolan Pass

Bolan Pass ( Dharaa Bolan) is a mountain pass through the Toba Kakar Range of mountains in western Pakistan, 120 kilometres from the Afghanistan border.

Broghol Pass

Broghol Pass, also spelled Boroghil and several other ways, (el. 3798 m./12,460 ft.) is a high mountain pass that crosses the Pamir Mountains and connects the Wakhan Corridor of Afghanistan with Chitral in Pakistan.

Chaprot Pass

Chaprot Pass or Daintar Pass is a mountain pass to the northeast of Mehrbani Peak (5639) in the northwest of Chaprot.

Dorah Pass

Dorah Pass, also spelled and pronounced Durah Pass, connects Badakshan in Afghanistan with Chitral in Pakistan. The Dorah Pass is more than 14,000 feet (4,300 m) high. It crosses the Hindu Kush mountains. The pass became important during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan because the Soviets could not stop the flow of arms and men back and forth across the pass. Almost all the Munji-speaking people of Afghanistan fled across the border to Chitral during the War in Afghanistan.

Pamir is a high plateau sometimes called "The roof of the world" that joins Pakistan, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, China and Kashmir. Marco Polo is believed to have crossed the Pamir Mountains on his way to China.

The Dorah Pass is one of the four major mountain passes that enter Chitral. The others are the Broghol Pass from the Wakhan Corridor of Afghanistan, Shandur Top from Gilgit, and Lowari Top from Dir in Pakistan.

Gondogoro Pass

Gondogoro Pass is a high mountain pass on the Gondogoro Glacier near Vigne Glacier.

Gumal Pass

Gumal Pass or Gomal Pass () is a mountain pass on the border of Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas. It takes its name from the Gomal River. It is midway between Khyber Pass and Bolan Pass.

Hayal Pass

Hayal Pass (el. 4600 m.) is a high mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley, Pakistan. The pass lies in the west of Naltar Pass.

Hispar Pass

Hispar Pass (or Hispar La) (el. 5,128 m./16,824 ft.) is a high-altitude, non-technical mountain pass in the Karakoram Range in Pakistan.

At the pass, the Biafo Glacier (63 km. long) and Hispar Glacier (49 km long) meet to form the world's longest glacial traverse outside of the polar regions, 100 kilometers in length.

Karakar Pass

Karakar Pass (el. 1336 m./4384 ft.) is a mountain pass in the Hindu Kush in Pakistan.

From the top of the pass, one can view Buner Valley. It was at this pass that the Emperor Akbar lost most of his 8000-man army in an abortive attempt to invade Swat in 1586.

The 45 km-long road from Pir Baba (RA) to Barikot passes through Mount Ilam rising through mature pine forests to Karakar pass.

Khojak Pass

Khojak Pass (el. 7,513 ft) connects Qila Abdullah with Chaman in the province of Baluchistan, Pakistan.

khojak pass is between Quetta and Chaman. 22 kilometer before Chaman. 
Khojak tunnel 5.2 kilometer long (3.2 miles). 
Small forts to defend pass on each hill top. 
Picture of khojak tunnel is on old five rupees note.

Kilik Pass

Kilik Pass (el. 4827 m./15,837 ft.), 30 km to the west of Mintaka Pass is a high mountain pass in Pakistan. The two passes were, in ancient times, the two main access points into the Upper Hunza Valley (also called Gojal Valley) from the north.

This was the shortest and quickest way into northern Kashmir from the Tarim Basin, and one that was usually open all year, but was extremely dangerous and only suited for travellers on foot. From Tashkurgan one travelled just over 70 km south to the junction of the Minteke River. Heading some 80 km west up this valley one reached the Mintaka Pass, (and 30 km farther, the alternative Kilik Pass), which both led into upper Hunza from where one could travel over the infamous rafiqs or "hanging passages" to Gilgit and on, either to Kashmir, or to the Gandharan plains.

Laden animals could be taken over the Mintaka and Kilik passes into upper Hunza (both open all year), but then loads would have to be carried by coolie (porters) to Gilgit (an expensive and dangerous operation). From there, cargoes could be reloaded onto pack animals again and taken either east to Kashmir and then on to Taxila (a long route), or west to Chitral which provided relatively easy access to either Jalalabad, or Peshawar via Swat.

The Mintaka Pass was the main one used in ancient times until the fairly recent advance of glacier ice. After the glaciation of the Mintaka Pass, the Kilik Pass was favoured by caravans coming from China and Afghanistan as it is wider, free of glaciers and provided enough pasture for caravan animals.

The new Karakoram Highway heads farther south, and then west over the Khunjerab Pass (4,934 m or 16,188 ft; 36° 51' N; 75° 32' E).

Kohat Pass

Kohat Pass is a mountain pass in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, connecting Kohat with Peshawar, crossing the Khigana Mountains.

As the road to the pass is steep and too narrow for large vehicles, the Kohat Tunnel was constructed and opened in June, 2003.

Lowari Pass

Lowari Pass (or Lowari Top) (elevation ) is a high mountain pass that connects Chitral with Dir in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Lowari Top is a relatively low pass, by far the lowest pass to enter Chitral, the rest all being 12,000 to 15,000 feet.

Malakand Pass

Malakand Pass is a mountain pass in Pakistan.

The pass road begins at Dargai. The road across the pass is in good condition, but is always crowded with a continuous stream of trucks. From a viewpoint about one kilometre before the top of the pass, one can see the Swat Canal in the valley below. It was built by the British to channel water from the Swat River through a tunnel under the Malakand Pass to the plains around Mardan.

On the left, Malakand Fort guards the road at the top of the pass. On the other side of the pass, the road descends through the market town of Bat Khela, with a Hindu Shahi fort perched above it, and continues past the headworks of the Swat Canal to the Swat River. The first bridge across the river is at Chakdara, which carries the road to Dir and Chitral.

Mintaka Pass

Mintaka Pass (also known as Minteke Pass) (el. 4709 m./15,450 ft.) or the nearby Kilik Pass (4,827 m or 15,837 ft (4,827 m) high; 37° 05' N; 74° 41' E), 30 km to the west, were, in ancient times, the two main access points into the Upper Hunza Valley from the north. The Hunza Valley is a mountainous valley near Gilgit in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.

Mustagh Pass

The Mustagh Pass or Muztagh Pass is a pass across the Baltoro Muztagh range in the Karakorams and includes K2, the world's second highest mountain. The crest of the Baltoro Muztagh marks the present border between Pakistani and Chinese territory.

Drosophila melanogaster

Drosophila melanogaster is a small, common fly found near rotting fruit. It has been in use for over a century to study genetics and lends itself well to behavioral studies.

Thomas Hunt Morgan studied "Drosophila" early in the 1900s. He and his team were the first to discover sex-linkage and genetic recombination, which placed the small fly in the forefront of genetic research.

Due to its small size, ease of culture and short generation time, geneticists have been using "Drosophila" ever since. It is one of the organisms whose entire genome is known, and many hundreds of genes have been identified and studied.

Fruit flies are easily obtained from the wild and most biological science companies carry a variety of different mutations. In addition these companies sell equipment to culture the flies. Costs are relatively low and most equipment can be used year after year.

The fly's vision is its most important sense organ. Approximately two thirds of the "Drosophila" brain is dedicated to visual processing. Although their ability to distinguish fine detail is worse than that of humans, their ability to time things (such as flight) is about ten times better.

The compound eye of the fruit fly contains 760 units or "ommatidia", and are one of the most advanced among insects. Each "ommatidium" contains eight photoreceptor cells (R1–8), support cells, pigment cells, and a cornea (lens). Wild-type flies have reddish pigment cells, which serve to absorb excess blue light so the fly is not blinded by ambient light.

The wings of a fly are capable of beating at up to 220 times per second. Flies fly via straight sequences of movement interspersed by rapid turns called "saccades". During these turns, a fly is able to rotate 90 degrees in fewer than 50 milliseconds.

It was long thought that the characteristics of "Drosophila" flight were dominated by the viscosity of the air, rather than the inertia of the fly body. However, research has shown that flies perform banked turns, where the fly accelerates, slows down while turning, and accelerates again at the end of the turn. This indicates that inertia is the dominant force, as is the case with larger flying animals.

In order to mate with a female fruit fly, the male fruit fly has to do a special courting dance.

The sexual intercourse usually lasts from about 15–20 minutes, in which several hundred relatively long sperm are released into the female’s body. The female then stores these sperm in her spermathecae, and then becomes pregnant. It only takes the female a few days to give birth to about five eggs.

The stages are broadly similar between species. There are differences which presumably help keep the species distinct.

Some reports have the wing vibration earlier in the procedure. In any event, there are some differences between even closely related species.

Lauren Bacall

Lauren Bacall (, born Betty Joan Perske; September 16, 1924 – August 12, 2014) was an American actress and model. She was well known for her deep voice. She started acting in the 1940s. She acted until 2014. She had big roles in movies like "The Big Sleep" and "Dark Passage".

Bacall was the fourth wife of actor Humphrey Bogart. They were married until Bogart died in 1957. They had a son, Stephen (born 1949), and a daughter, Leslie (born 1952). Bacall married Jason Robards in 1961. They had one son, Sam (born 1961). They divorced in 1969. Bacall was once briefly engaged to singer Frank Sinatra.

Bacall's cousin was Shimon Peres, the former Prime Minister and President of Israel. Their fathers were brothers.

On August 12, 2014, Bacall died in New York City from a stroke, aged 89.


Oklahoma City Blue

The Oklahoma City Blue are an NBA Development League team based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. They play at the Cox Convention Center. They were also known as the Asheville Altitude when they played in Asheville, North Carolina from 2001 until 2005 and as the Tulsa 66ers when the team played in Tulsa, Oklahoma from 2005 until 2014.

In July 2014, the Thunder moved the 66ers to Oklahoma City. The management said that there was "circumstances beyond our control" which stemmed from stalled relocation attempts.


NBA G League

The NBA G League, or Gatorade League, is the National Basketball Association's officially sponsored and operated developmental basketball organization. When the league was formed in 2001, it was called the National Basketball Development League (NBDL). In 2005, it entered into a formal relationship with the NBA and became the NBA Development League, or D-League. After the 2016–17 season, the NBA entered a sponsorship deal with PepsiCo's Gatorade brand of sports drinks; the league first called itself the "Gatorade League", but settled on "G League", reflecting Gatorade's use of a single large "G" as its brand logo.


Bitwise operation

In computer programming, a bitwise operation operates on a bit array at the level of its individual bits.

In the explanations below, any indication of a bit's position is counted from the right side, moving left. For example, the binary value 0001 (decimal 1) has zeroes at every position but the first (i.e. the rightmost) one.

The bitwise NOT, or complement, is an operation that performs logical negation on each bit. Bits that are 0 become 1, and those that are 1 become 0. For example:

A bitwise AND is an operation that takes two bit patterns and performs the logical AND operation on each pair of bits. If both bits in the compared position are 1, the result is 1 otherwise the result is 0. For example:

A bitwise OR is an operation that takes two bit patterns of equal length and performs the logical inclusive OR operation on each pair of bits. If both bits are 0 the result is 0, while otherwise, the result is 1. For example:

A bitwise XOR is an operation that takes two bit patterns of equal length and performs the logical exclusive OR operation on each pair of bits. If both bits are 0 the result 0, if one bit is 1 and the other is zero the result is 1, and if both bits are 1 the result is 0.

Irving Berlin

Irving Berlin (May 11, 1888 – September 22, 1989), born Israel Baline in Imperial Russia, was a Jewish-American songwriter.

Berlin's first popular success was "Alexander's Ragtime Band."

In 1938, Kate Smith made "God Bless America" a popular hit.

In 1942, Berlin won the Academy Award for the best original song in the movie "Holiday Inn". The song was "White Christmas.". Bing Crosby recorded the song. This became "the best-selling record of all time."

Broadway musicals written by Berlin included "Annie Get Your Gun" and "Call me Madam."


Supercentenarian

A supercentenarian is someone who has lived to the age of 110 years or more, something achieved by only one in a thousand centenarians. A very small number of supercentenarians have lived to be 115. Early uses of the word meant a person well over 100, but now it is just known as people who are 110 or older.

Thomas Johhanes Peters (1745 - 1857) is the first undisputed supercentenarian case in history.

Jeanne Calment (1875 - 1997) had the world's longest verified human lifespan at 122 years, 164 days.

Jiroemon Kimura (1897 - 2013) is the longest lived documented man at 116 years, 54 days.



Leila Denmark

Leila Alice Daughtry Denmark, M.D. (February 1, 1898– April 1, 2012) is an American pediatrician who still worked until she was 103. She worked on the vaccine for pertussis (also known as whooping cough) in the 1920s and 1930s.

As a doctor, she was one of the first to be against smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women. She also thinks that it is bad to drink cow's milk, people should eat fruit but not drink fruit juices, and drink only water.

When she turned 100, she did not want cake because it had too much sugar in it. She turned 110 in 2008, becoming a rare case of a supercentenarian who had been known for reasons other than her age.



Dhow

The dhow is a type of boat. It is Middle Eastern in make. The boat is a popular type of transport along the Nile river. The dhow is normally small with a big sail.

Sarah Siddons

Sarah Siddons (5 July 1755 – 8 June 1831) was a Welsh actress. She was the best-known actress who played tragedies of the 18th century. She was the older sister of John Philip Kemble, Charles Kemble, Stephen Kemble, Ann Hatton and Elizabeth Whitlock. She is very famous for the way she played the Shakespearean character Lady Macbeth. She grew to like the character very much.

She was born Sarah Kemble in Brecon, Brecknockshire, Wales. She was the oldest daughter of Roger Kemble, an actor and manager. He travelled around with his company, which included most members of his family, and Sarah "Sally" Ward.

Acting was only just becoming a respectable profession for a woman. At first, her parents did not like the fact that she had chosen to become an actress.

In 1774, Siddons had her first success as "Belvidera" in Thomas Otway's "Venice Preserved". Because of this role, David Garrick noticed her. Garrick later sent someone to see her act as Calista in Thomas Rowe's "Fair Penitent". After this, she was engaged to appear at Drury Lane. She was inexperienced. Because of this, and other factors, her first appearances as Portia in the play "The Merchant of Venice" and in other parts were not well received. She received a note from the manager of Drury Lane saying that her services would not be required. She was, in her own words :

In 1777, she went to play in the provinces. For the next six years she worked in provincial companies, in particular in York and Bath. Her fame grew. Her next Drury Lane appearance on 10 October 1782 was very different. She was an immediate sensation playing the title role in Garrick's adaptation of a play by Thomas Southerne, "Isabella, or, The Fatal Marriage".

Her most famous role was that of "Lady Macbeth". Because she was very good at expressing emotion when she acted "Lady Macbeth"'s murderous passions she could captivate her audience. Lady Macbeth was the play best adapted to her acting. She was tall and had a striking figure, brilliant beauty, powerfully expressive eyes, and solemn dignity of demeanour. This allowed her to claim the character as her own.

After Lady Macbeth she played Desdemona in "Othello", Rosalind in "As You Like It", "Ophelia" and "Volumnia", all with great success. In "Queen Catherine" she discovered a role that was almost as well adapted to her acting powers as that of "Lady Macbeth".

It was the beginning of twenty years in which she was the queen of Drury Lane. Her celebrity status has been called "mythical" and "monumental". By "the mid-1780s Siddons was established as a cultural icon." She mixed with the literary and social elites of London society. She knew people like Samuel Johnson, Edmund Burke, Hester Thrale Piozzi, and William Windham.

In 1802 she left Drury Lane. She then appeared on the stage of a rival theatre, Covent Garden, from time to time. It was there, on 29 June 1812, that she gave perhaps the most extraordinary farewell performance in theatre history. She was playing her most famous role, Lady Macbeth, and the audience refused to allow the play to continue after the end of the sleepwalking scene. Eventually, after tumultuous applause from the pit, the curtain reopened and Siddons was discovered sitting in her own clothes and character - whereupon she made an emotional farewell speech to the audience lasting eight minutes.

Mrs Siddons formally retired from the stage in 1812, but continued to appear on special occasions. Her last appearance was on 9 June 1819 as "Lady Randolph" in John Home's "Douglas".

She began as a ladies maid to Lady Greathead at Guy’s Cliffe House, near the Saxon Mill, Coventry Road, Warwick.

In 1773, at the age of 18, she married William Siddons, an actor. She was less lucky with her family. She had seven children but five of them died. Her marriage to William Siddons was the cause of many problems. They could not divorce, but they separated, and lived in different places.

Sarah Siddons died in 1831 in London. She is buried in Saint Mary's Cemetery at Paddington Green.

Sir Joshua Reynolds painted his famous portrait, "Mrs. Siddons as the Tragic Muse," in 1784, and signed it on the hem of her dress, "for," he told her, "I have resolved to go down to posterity on the hem of your garment."

In 1950, Joseph Mankiewicz saw the portrait and decided that it would provide the setting for the opening scene of All About Eve. The scene opened in the ballroom of the then fictitious Sarah Siddons Society. The occasion is the presentation of the Sarah Siddons award statuette, modeled on Sarah Siddons as the "Tragic Muse". In the climactic party scene, the painting is prominently displayed between Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe. The portrait also presides over the final scene when Anne Baxter moves past it.

In 1957, Bette Davis posed as Sarah Siddons in a re-creation of the painting staged as part of the Pageant of the Masters.

At the time of the release of All About Eve, "The Sarah Siddons Award" was a purely fictitious award. However, there now exists the American Sarah Siddons Award for dramatic achievement in theatre: a genuine and prestigious award, named in honor of Siddons. The award is given annually in Chicago by the "Sarah Siddons Society."

The London Underground had an electric locomotive built by Vickers named after her. Used on the Metropolitan Line, No. 12 lasted along with other locomotives, until 1961. Painted a maroon colour, she is now the only one of twenty locomotives to remain preserved in working order.

Michael Corby, founder of the 1970s group The Babys, is reportedly the great-great-great-great-grandson of Sarah Siddons.



Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

The Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were nuclear attacks on the Empire of Japan during World War II (WWII). The United States and the Allies were fighting against Japan and slowly winning. Two nuclear weapons were dropped on Japan, one on the city of Hiroshima and the other on the city of Nagasaki. The generals wanted to bomb Kokura instead of Nagasaki, but it was too cloudy over Kokura that day. U.S. President Harry S. Truman ordered these attacks on August 6 and 9, 1945. This was near the end of WWII.

The atomic bombs had been created through the Manhattan Project. They created two bombs. The first bomb was called Little Boy, and was to be dropped on Hiroshima, and the second bomb was called Fat Man, and was to be dropped on Nagasaki. Nuclear bombs are much more powerful than other bombs. Six days after the explosion over Nagasaki, and after the Soviet invasion of Manchukuo, Japan surrendered to the Allied Powers on August 15. Japan signed the surrender paper on September 2. This officially ended the Pacific War and World War II.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki were chosen for several reasons. First, both cities were unsuitable for firebombing, mainly due to the river deltas preventing firestorms from being very effective. Second, both cities had areas which provided a good measurement for damage caused by the nuclear bombs. Third and finally, both cities contained strategic personnel and installations; Hiroshima was the headquarters of the 2nd General Army and 5th Division with 40,000 Japanese combatants stationed within the city's limit, and Nagasaki contained two large Mitsubishi armament factories and many other medium-to-small workshops and plants providing vital war components for Japan's military.

Several other cities were selected for similar reasons and some of those were rejected due to bad weather. As with other Japanese cities, these targets were mixed in with civilian homes, schools, and temples. Sources said that at least 54% of the deaths in Hiroshima were combatants and slave laborers while 72% of the deaths in Nagasaki were war industry employees and slave laborers, however these figures at various points mix soldiers, enslaved POWs and victims of Japanese occupations and do not necessarily correspond to the overall population of the cities and the overall casualties

Many say that the atomic bombs actually saved many lives in the long run because it prevented the invasion of Japan. However, Japan had lost a huge part of its food resources and the majority of its navy. Many of these people suggest that Japan may have lacked the strength to carry out major fighting. US military commanders made statements during and immediately after 1945 that they believed Japan was effectively defeated prior to the dropping of the bomb. Before the bombs, Japan offered to surrender, on condition that their leaders had to stay in charge. America said the Emperor of Japan leader could stay in power, but the Japanese had to take orders from American soldiers placed in Japan, making it an occupied territory. More people would have been killed in a full battle in Japan. Some give different guesses of deaths in an invasion and deaths by the atomic bombs, and say that the bombings were not necessary. People still argue about this. No nuclear weapon has ever been used against a target since August 9, 1945.

The decision to use nuclear weapons on Japan was made after an analysis showed that more than a million people—combatants and civilians of both nations—would die if Japan was invaded by Allied forces. The nuclear bombings, while shocking and unprecedented, actually paled in comparison with the "Operation Meetinghouse" firebombing of Tokyo on March 9/10, 1945, which killed 100,000 civilians and destroyed 16 square miles in a single night. Doing nothing or waiting for surrender was not an option because hundreds of thousands of combatants, civilians, and prisoners of war were dying each month in the territories of the Empire of Japan.

Partly because of the atomic bombings, Japan adopted the Three Non-Nuclear Principles after the war. These principles said that Japan could not create or try to get nuclear weapons. A scientist Albert Einstein wrote a letter about the atomic bomb on August 2, 1939. But he said later, "I made one great mistake in my life, when I signed a letter to President Roosevelt recommending that atom bombs be made."



W. S. Gilbert

Sir William Schwenck Gilbert (18 November 1836 – 29 May 1911) was an English dramatist, librettist, poet and illustrator. He is best known for the comic operas (or operettas) that he wrote with Sir Arthur Sullivan.

Gilbert worked in the civil service for a few years, but he did not like it. He studied law and became a lawyer, but not many people hired him. To make more money, he wrote short stories and comic poems for magazines. He also worked as a theatre critic. Gilbert made drawings for some of his poems and signed them "Bab", a nickname he had when he was a baby. Those poems became known as "The Bab Ballads" and were very popular.

In the 1860s Gilbert started writing plays. At first he wrote parodies of other writers' plays and operas, but soon he developed his own way of writing. Gilbert wrote many plays; most of them are not performed anymore, but "Engaged" (1877), about a man who proposes marriage to every woman he meets, is still performed.

In 1871 Gilbert started working with Sullivan. They wrote fourteen comic operas together; Gilbert wrote the words and Sullivan wrote the music. Their fourth opera, "H.M.S. Pinafore" (1878), made the team of "Gilbert and Sullivan" famous all over the English-speaking world. Besides "Pinafore", their best-known operas are "The Pirates of Penzance" (1879) and "The Mikado" (1885). The Gilbert and Sullivan operas are still performed very often, by opera companies, theatre companies, and groups in schools and colleges.

Gilbert and Sullivan sometimes argued about what to write and how to write it, but they worked together for 25 years, from 1871 to 1896. When they were angry with each other, they wrote operas with other people, but those operas did not make as much money as the operas they wrote together. When Sullivan died in 1900, Gilbert stopped writing operas.

Gilbert directed his own plays and operas. He wanted the actors to talk in a natural way, and not shout as if they were giving a speech to a big crowd. Gilbert's ideas helped other playwrights, like Oscar Wilde and George Bernard Shaw, to make their plays more real.

The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor

The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is a 2008 American adventure movie. It is a sequel to "The Mummy" and "The Mummy Returns". It was released on August 1, 2008 in the United States. Jet Li is in the movie also.

The movie opened in Los Angeles on July 27, 2008.

Most critics said the movie is bad. Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" liked it as "plain dumb fun."


Borough of Congleton

The Borough of Congleton (or Congleton Borough) is in Cheshire, England. The towns of Alsager, Congleton, Middlewich and Sandbach are in the Borough. It was part of the second tier of local government. It was replaced by Cheshire East in April 2009.

The percentage of people of each religion in the borough. 

People stating religion as: 



Naltar Pass

Naltar Pass is a mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley in Pakistan. The pass lies west of Chaprot Pass and east of Hayal Pass.

Shangla Pass

Shangla Pass is a mountain pass in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It connects Upper Swat with Lower Swat.

Diphu Pass

Diphu Pass is a path through the mountains where the borders of the People's Republic of China, India and Myanmar meet. Diphu Pass is a strategic route to southern South Tibet.


Dongka La Pass

Dongkha (el. 3060 m./12,000 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the Himalaya connecting Sikkim in Republic of India with Tibet.

The pass offers a view of the Tibetan Plateau. The pass is located in North Sikkim. Near the pass is the placid Cholamo Lake, 6.5 km long and 2.5 km wide.

Goecha La Pass

Goecha La (el. 4940 m.) is a high mountain pass in Sikkim, India in the Himalaya range.

The pass has a view of the southeast face of Kanchenjunga, the third highest mountain in the world.

Haldighati Pass

Haldighati is a mountain pass in the Aravalli Range of Rajasthan in western India. It connects Rajsamand and Pali districts, 40 kilometres from Udaipur. The name is believed to have come from the turmeric-coloured yellow soil. (Turmeric is haldi in Hindi.)

Jelep La Pass

Jelep La (also spelled Jelepla) (el. 4267 m./14,300 ft.) is a high mountain pass between Sikkim and Tibet.

Etymologically the term Jelep La is derived from jelep meaning lonely and la meaning pass in Tibetan. The pass is in Sikkim and the route connects Lhasa to the Republic of India. The pass is 46 metres (150 feet) in length.

Kasara Ghat Pass

Kasara Ghat is a ghat (mountain pass) in the Western Ghats, near the town of Kasara in Maharashtra, India. The Kasara Ghat is located on the busy Mumbai–Nashik route, and is one of the four major rail and road routes leading into Mumbai. The railway line, which passes through the ghat, is the steepest in India with a gradient (slope) of 1 in 37.

Kumbharli Ghat Pass

The Kumbharli Ghat is a mountain pass in Maharashtra, India cutting across the Western Ghats range. It connects the coastal Konkan part of Maharashtra with the Marathwada region on the Deccan plateau.

Lipu-Lekh Pass

Lipu-Lekh Pass (el. 5350 m.) is a Himalayan pass in the Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand, India.

Nama Pass

Nama Pass (el. 5500 m.) is a Himalayan mountain pass that is found in the eastern part of the Kumaun region in the Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand, India.

Naneghat Pass

Naneghat (Marathi: नाणेघाट) is a mountain pass in the Western Ghats range near Junnar in Pune district of Maharashtra, India.

Palakkad Gap Pass

Palakkad Gap is a 32-42 kilometer wide low mountain pass in the Western Ghats, near Palakkad town in the South Indian State of Kerala.

Pangsau Pass

Pangsau Pass, 3727 feet in altitude, lies on the crest of the Patkai Hills on the Republic of India-Burma (Myanmar) border.

Pin Parvati Pass

The Pin Parvati Pass is a mountain pass in Himachal Pradesh, India.

Rohtang Pass

Rohtang Pass (el. 13,051 ft (3,978 m) is a high mountain pass 51 km from Manali that connects the Kullu Valley with the Lahul and Spiti valleys of Himachal Pradesh, Republic of India.

The pass is open only from May to November. It is used by a lot of cars, buses and trucks.

A tunnel with 8.8 km (5.5 mi) length is built at 3,100 metres (10,171 ft) elevation and will be opened in 2019. Travelling on the Leh-Manali Highway will then be possible all the year. Now it takes 4 to 6 hours to cross Rohtang pass. It will then take about half an hour to travel through the Rohtang tunnel.

Shipki La Pass

Shipkila is a mountain pass and border post on the Republic of India-People's Republic of China border. It is through this pass which the river Sutlej enters India (from the Tibet Autonomous Region).

It is located in Kinnaur District in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India, and Tibet Autonomous provincial Region in People's Republic of China. The mountainous pass is India's third border post for trade with China after Nathula in Sikkim, and Lipulekh in Uttarakhand. The pass is close to town of Khab. Like other border passes along the Indo-Sino disputed border, it is cliamed by the Chinese and the border because of this is now no longer open for non-residents.

Coordinates & Location Type

Area Type: Hypsographic
Location Type: Pass
Latitude: 31.81667
Longitude: 78.75
Latitude (DMS): 31° 49' 0 N
Longitude (DMS): 78° 45' 0 E

Sin La Pass

Sin La (el. 5495 m.) is a high Himalayan mountain pass in eastern Kumaun. It is in the Pithoragarh District of the Uttarakhand state in India.

Traill's Pass

Traill's Pass (el. 5212 m.) is a mountain pass through the Himalayas in the Uttarakhand state in the districts of Pithoragarh and Bageshwar in India.

Kangchenjunga

Kangchenjunga (Nepali:कञ्चनजङ्घा Kanchanjaŋghā) SewaLungma (Limbu language) is the third highest mountain in the world (after Mount Everest and K2).

Kangchenjunga has an altitude of 8,586 metres (28,169 ft). Kangchenjunga translated means "The Five Treasures of Snows", as it has five peaks, four of them over 8,450 metres. It is one of the mountains in the range of the Himalayas.

Facebook

Facebook (sometimes shortened to FB) is a social networking service and website started in February 4, 2004. It was built by Mark Zuckerberg. It is owned by Meta, Inc. , Facebook has over one billion active users. Users may make a personal profile, add other users as friends, and send messages. Facebook users must register before using the site. The name of the service comes from the name for the book given to students at the start of the school year by some universities in the United States. These books help students get to know each other better. Facebook allows any users who are at least 13 years old to become users of the website.

Facebook was started by Mark Zuckerberg with his college roommates and fellow computer science students Eduardo Saverin, Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes. The website's membership was only for Harvard students at first. Later it included other colleges in the Boston area, the Ivy League, and Stanford University. It eventually opened for students at other universities. After that, it opened to high school students, and, finally, to anyone aged 13 and over. Based on ConsumersReports.org in May 2011, there are 7.5 million children under 13 with accounts. This breaks the website's rules.

A January 2009 Compete.com study ranked Facebook as the most used social networking service by worldwide monthly active users. "Entertainment Weekly" put the site on its end-of-the-decade "best-of" list. It said, "How on earth did we stalk our exes, remember our co-workers birthdays, bug our friends, and play a rousing game of Scrabulous before Facebook?" Quantcast estimates Facebook had 138.9 million monthly different U.S. visitors in May 2011. According to "Social Media Today", in April 2010 about 41.6% of the U.S. population had a Facebook account. Facebook's growth started to slow down in some areas. The site lost 7 million active users in the United States and Canada in May 2011 relative to previous statistics.

Facebook has been involved in many controversies over privacy. Some of these controversies have been about people being able to see personal information that other people post, and others are about companies and advertisers being able to see users' personal information. Facebook has sent ads to people based on the persons gender, age, income, national origin and sexual orientation.

Research published in the journal "PLOS ONE" has shown that Facebook may be responsible for spreading unhappiness through society as well as keeping people connected. Scientists found that the more time people spent on Facebook over a two-week period, the worse they subsequently felt. "On the surface, Facebook provides an invaluable resource for fulfilling the basic human need for social connection. Rather than enhancing well-being, however, these findings suggest that Facebook may undermine it."

In 2018, Facebook launched Facebook Gaming officially on June 1, 2018 with a pool of gaming streamers including Darkness429, Stonemountain64, ThePoolshark, and Alodia Gosiengfiao.

Facebook Gaming or fb.gg is Facebook's take on gaming livestreams where gamers and fans interact. Facebook launched it as a tab on the Facebook app and a standalone app. It also has an In-stream Rewards feature where viewers are gifted in-game rewards while watching streams with "" being a part of pioneering the feature as mentioned by Jack Li, a Facebook Gaming representative, on Moonton Epicon held last July 18, 2019.

In 2019, Jeremy "DisguisedToast" Wang was signed to Facebook Gaming in a surprise move from Twitch. Soon after, Facebook signed "Super Smash Bros." star streamer Gonzalo "ZerO" Barrios.

On February 18, 2020 Ronda Rousey performed her first live stream on Facebook Gaming, announcing that she will stream once per week. The details of her contract were not disclosed.

On April 20, 2020 Facebook launched its gaming app in Playstore, named as Facebook Gaming. This app was actually planned to release in June 2020, but Facebook preponed on witnessing the community demand.

https://www.facebook.com/

List of Oklahoma state symbols

This is a list of Oklahoma's state symbols, including official and unofficial. The official symbols are codified by statute. Many of the unofficial symbols are put in place by Oklahoma Senate of House of Representative resolutions.


Pubic hair

In adults, pubic hair is the hair that covers the area around the sex organs. It is generally darker in colour and stronger in texture than other hair found on the human body. It is caused by the rising levels of androgens during puberty. Pubic hair is a secondary sex characteristic.

Pubic hair appears during puberty in girls and boys. The onset of pubic hair development is termed pubarche. In developed countries, this usually happens around the age of ten in girls and around the age of eleven or twelve in boys. Beginning with only a few hairs above the vulva (in girls) or penis (in boys), the area quickly fills out in a triangular shape, making a thick patch of hair. In boys, the patch becomes a trapezoid shape, meaning four-sided.

A line of hair from the navel toward the penis is sometimes called a happy trail or treasure trail. If there is a narrow line of hair from the navel to the pubic patch above the penis, the pattern is called sagittal. On some males, there is an upward-pointing triangle shape. In that case, the hair pattern is called acuminate. On males and females, hair pubic hair usually extends down past the pubic region and ending at the anus (the hole between the buttocks). In females, hair will cover the outer lips of the vagina; in males, hair will grow around the base of the penis and lightly cover the scrotum (the outer sack containing the testicles). Depending on each person's genetics, the amount and extent of hair can be different from one person to another.

Pubic hair is sometimes called a "bush," "nest," "pubes," or "curlies". On white European people, pubic hair is usually curly. On Asian people and Native Americans, pubic hair is usually not so curly. On most African (Black) people, pubic hair is tightly curled.

About four of five women between ages 18 and 65 say they remove some or all of their pubic hair, according to a 2019 article in the New York Times newspaper. One survey done in 2016 found that about half of the men in the United States cut, trim, shave or remove pubic hair in other ways.
It is more common among younger men than among old men. Pubic hair is sometimes made into a fashion item. Men and women do this. Some people may change the way their pubic hair looks, by trimming or shaping it. One style is called a "landing strip", like a runway where an airplane lands. Muslim women and men are told or encouraged to remove or at least trim pubic hair (as well as armpit hair) although local traditions may be different in some countries. 
Some people use chemicals that dissolve pubic hair. Some people use wax, a sugar paste, laser treatment or electrolysis to remove pubic hair. The use of wax to remove all pubic hair is sometimes called "Brazilian".

Sometimes people change the color. Sometimes people ask, "Does the carpet match the drapes?" This means, "Is the person's pubic hair the same color as the hair on the person's head?" Usually people with red natural hair color have darker red pubic hair. In most cases pubic hair is most similar in color to a person's eyebrows.

White Rose

The White Rose was a German group that opposed the Nazis in World War II. They distributed pamphlets denouncing Adolf Hitler's regime from June 1942 until February 1943. The group consisted of students from the University of Munich along with a professor. 

In June 1942, Alexander Schmorell and Hans Scholl, who were University students at the Ludiwg Maximilian University in Munich, began writing and distributing leaflets that spoke out against Hitler and Nazi Germany. They wrote four leaflets from June-July 1942. The leaflets called for passive resistance to the Nazi regime, and told of the horrors of the War against the Jews (in the second pamphlet, they talk about how “since the conquest of Poland, three hundred thousand Jews have been murdered in this country in the most bestial way.”) The White Rose leaflets were the only Resistance movement in Nazi Germany to speak out against the systematic Holocaust of the Jews. 

A couple hundred copies were made of each leaflet. Hans and Alexander then mailed them out to random addresses from phone books:

"“To set you at rest, we add that the addresses of the readers of the White Rose are not recorded in writing. They were picked at random from directories.”"

"-"Exerpt from fourth leaflet

In July 1942, Alex and Hans, as well as their friend Willi Graf, were ordered to go to the Russian front over the Summer to serve as medics. The resistance activities were put on hold for three months. When Alex and Hans came back in November 1942 they threw themselves back into the Resistance Activities with renewed vigor.

Between November 1942-January 1943, four new members joined the group: Willi Graf, Christoph Probst, Sophie Scholl, and Kurt Huber. These members made up the core of the White Rose group, although there were multiple other members who were in charge of distribution and recruiting for the White Rose.

In January 1942, the fifth leaflet was published. Unlike the other four leaflets, the fifth leaflet had a couple thousand copies printed of it. 

On February 3, after hearing of the defeat of Stalingrad, Hans, Willi and Alexander snuck out that night to graffiti the University walls with slogans such as “Down with Hitler” and “Hitler the mass murderer.” They repeated these graffiti campaigns on February 8 and 15, going so far as to graffiti the Feldherrnhalle , the monument to the Nazis who were killed during Hitler’s failed Beer Hall Putsch. These graffiti campaigns put the Gestapo on red alert.

In early February, the sixth leaflet was published. Thousands of copies were made of this leaflet. There were so many copies that the White Rose members ran out of envelopes to place the leaflets in. Seeing this, Hans and Sophie decided to sneak into the University during classes and place the extra leaflets in the halls. They did not tell the other members of the plan.

On February 18, 1943, Hans and Sophie carried two briefcases stuffed with pamphlets into the University. Hurriedly placing leaflets in the halls, they were about to leave when Sophie realized she still had leaflets lert in her briefcase. Hurrying up to the third floor, she began to place them along the hallways. What happened next is unclear, but something caused Sophie to grab the rest of the leaflets and throw them off the balcony and into the atrium. This spontaneous action was observed by Jakob Schmid, the university custodian who was also a Nazi Party fanatic. He alerted the Gestapo, who stormed the university and captured Sophie and Hans.

Over the next four days, the Gestapo interrogated Sophie and Hans. The two of them gave up no names, but Hans had a handwritten draft for a new leaflet on him when he was captured. The draft of the leaflet was written by Christoph Probst, who was captured on February 20. 

On February 22, 1943, Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were put on trial. They were all sentenced to death by Guillotine. Their execution was that same day. Hans and Sophie were able to see their parents before they died. Christoph was not able to see any family.

Over the next few weeks, more members were captured by the Gestapo. On April 19, 1943, the second trial of the White Rose members was held. In it, Willi Graf, Alexander Schmorell, and Kurt Huber were sentenced to death. Ten other members received prison sentences, and one alleged member was acquitted.

Alexander Schmorell and Kurt Huber were executed on July 13, 1943. Willi Graf was held in solitary confinement for about six months as the Gestapo tried to get him to give out names of other members. When that failed, they executed him on October 12, 1943. He was the last of the six main members to be killed.

Today, the White Rose members, especially Hans and Sophie Scholl, are well known in Germany. 

Three movies have been created about the White Rose:

Fünf Letzten Tage (Five last days), released in 1982

Die Weisse Rose (The White Rose), released in 1982

Sophie Scholl:Die Letzen Tage (Sophie Scholl: The Final Days), released in 2005

The core of the White Rose was comprised of five students: Sophie Scholl, her brother Hans Scholl, Alexander Schmorell, Willi Graf, and Christoph Probst. All were between the ages of 21-25 years old. Kurt Huber, Sophie’s Philosophy teacher, was the sixth main member of the White Rose.

There were also other members who were on the fringe of the inner circle of the White Rose. Some of these member include:

Hans Hirzel

Suzanne Hirzel

Franz Joseph Muller

Heinrich Guter

Eugen Grimminger

Dr. Heinrich Phillip Bollinger

Helmut Karl Theodore August Bauer

Dr. Falk Erich Walter Harnack

Gisela Schertling

Katherina Schüddekopf

Traute Lafrenz

<nowiki>*</nowiki>These names came from the second trial of the White Rose members, held on April 19, 1943. Over the course of the war, a total of 29 people were captured and accused of aiding the White Rose. 13 were given prison sentences, and 16 were executed.*

Ring of Fire (song)

"Ring of Fire" is a country music song popularized by Johnny Cash and co-written by June Carter and Merle Kilgore. The single appears on Cash's 1963 compilation album, "". The song was recorded on March 25, 1963 and became the biggest hit of his career, staying at number one on the charts for seven weeks.

Port wine

Port wine (also called "Vinho do Porto", "Oporto, Porto", and often simply "Port") is a Portuguese wine. 

Porto is a fortified wine. This means its alcohol is stronger than ordinary wine. This has the effect of making the wine long-lasting even after the bottle has been opened. Porto is a sweet wine, but comes as dry or semi-dry also. It is often served as a dessert wine.

Port is made in the Douro Valley in the northern provinces of Portugal. Wines which are similar to the Portuguese product called "port" are made in several countries around the world. The biggest producers are Australia, South Africa, India, Canada and the United States. However, under European Union guidelines, only the product from Portugal may be labelled as "Port". In the United States, Federal law mandates that the Portuguese-made product be labeled "Porto" or "Vinho do Porto".

Port is produced from grapes grown and processed in the Douro region. The Douro valley where Port wine is produced was defined and established as a protected region, or appellation in 1756. It is the oldest defined and protected wine region in the world.

The wine produced is then fortified with the addition of a Brandy (distilled grape spirits). This is done to stop the fermentation leaving residual sugar in the wine and to increase the alcohol content. The wine is then stored and aged. For ageing, it is often put in barrels stored in "caves" After aging, it is bottled. 

The wine got its name, "Port," in the second half of the 17th century from the seaport city of Porto at the mouth of the Douro River. Much of the product was brought there. It was then either sold on a market or exported to other countries in Europe. 

North Mississippi Allstars

North Mississippi Allstars is a blues-rock band from Hernando, Mississippi. It was started in 1996. 

The band is made of brothers Luther Dickinson (guitar, vocals) and Cody Dickinson (drums, keyboards, electric washboard), and Chris Chew (electric bass guitar). Dickinson also plays a cigar box guitar called the "lowebow".

Allstars' first album, "Shake Hands With Shorty", was nominated for a Grammy for "Best Contemporary Blues Album". "51 Phantom" and "Electric Blue Watermelon" have also received nominations in that same category. The group also won a W.C. Handy Award for "Best New Artist Debut" in 2001.

The band now tours with John Hiatt. They have released an album with him called "Master of Disaster".

After 2007, Luther Dickinson plays guitar for The Black Crowes' instead of Marc Ford, and played lead guitar for their album "Warpaint". He tours with The Black Crowes.

Cody Dickinson has started a new side project called "Hill Country Revue" with Chris Chew, Garry Burnside, Daniel Coburn, Duwayne Burnside and Kirk Smithart.



Malika Parbat

Malika Parbat (also known as Queen of the mountains) (el. 5,290 metres (17,356 ft) is a mountain in Kaghan Valley, Pakistan about six kilometres south of Saiful Muluk Lake near Ansoo Lake.


Rakaposhi

Rakaposhi (Räkapoşi) is a mountain in the Karakoram, in Pakistan. It is found in the Nagar Valley about 100 kilmotres north of the city of Gilgit.

Rakaposhi means "shining wall" in the local language. Rakaposhi is also known as Dumani ("Mother of Mist"). It is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan.

Nagar:
Nagar () was a princely state in the northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan, which existed until 1974. The state bordered the Gilgit Agency to the south and west, and the former princely state of Hunza to the north and east. The state capital was the town of Nagar. The area of Nagar now forms three tehsils of Hunza-Nagar District. Nagar along with Gilgit and Baltistan is claimed by India as part of the state of Jammu & Kashmir.

Nagar was an autonomous principality in close association with neighbouring Hunza. The British gained control of both states 1889 and 1892. The British retained Nagar's status as a 'principality' until 1947 but together with Hunza it was considered a vassal of Kashmir, although never ruled directly by it. The rulers of Nagar sent annual tributes to the Kashmir Durbar until 1947, and along with the ruler of Hunza, were considered amongst the most loyal vassals of the Maharajas of Kashmir.

In 1947, the state acceded to Pakistan, but continued as semi autonomous state. In 1968 Syed Yahya Shah the first educated politician of the valley, demanded civil rights from the Mir of Nagar. When Ayub Khan's dictatorship ended in Pakistan and the democratic government of the Pakistan Peoples Party under Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto came into power through elections it realized the sentiments of the people against the Mir for democracy so the Government freed the prisoners of the movement and dissolved the Mirs of Hunza and Nagar and were merged into the Northern Areas in 1974.

The state was governed by the hereditary rulers of the Maghlot dynasty who were styled as Mir and were assisted by a council of Wazirs or Ministers. Details for early rulers are uncertain with the first definite dates available from 1839 CE onwards. The son of the last ruler, Mir Ghazanfar Ali Khan, was in 2005 Northern Areas deputy chief executive.


The geography of Nagar was very difficult mountainous terrain, which provided a certain degree of protection against invading forces. The highest mountain was the 7,788 m (25,551 ft) Mount Rakaposhi which lay to the south of the town of Nagar. As of 2009[update], the Karakoram Highway crosses Nagar, connecting Pakistan to China via the Khunjerab Pass. The road follows the Hunza river for some distance through Nagar and into the Hunza region.

The inhabitants of the Nagar valley is around 90,000 (AKRSP Census, 2000). Nagar is home of people of two main ethnicities – the Burushaski speakers and the Shina speakers. The older type of Broshuski is still spoken in this valley with mild modern accent.

Although the population was traditionally predominantly shia (Jafria). Following sectarian violences in January 2005, the Tanzim Ahle Sunnah wal Jama’at representing Sunnis, and the Central Anjuman-e-Imamia Northern Areas representing (Jafria) Shias signed on February 18, 2005 a six-point peace agreement arranged by Northern Areas Legislative Council (NALC) members to ensure peace in the city.


Tirich Mir

Tirich Mir (also called Terich Mir" and Terichmir"') is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region of northern Pakistan.

It lies in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.


Wagah

Wagah (, , ) is the only road international border crossing between the Republic of India and Islamic Republic of Pakistan. It is on the G.T. Road between the cities of Amritsar, India and Lahore, Pakistan. The first town on the Indian side is Attari.

Jamie Anderson

Jamie Anderson is an American singer from Tucson, Arizona. She is based in Ottawa, Ontario. She is openly lesbian.

Anderson first began touring the U.S. in 1987, and released her first album in 1989. She was voted Favorite New Performer by "Hot Wire" in 1990 and 1991, and played many women's music festivals, coffeehouses, colleges and other venues all though the 1990s and to the present.


R. L. Burnside

R. L. Burnside (born Robert Lee Burnside, November 23 1926 - September 1 2005) was a blues singer, songwriter, and guitarist who lived in Holly Springs, Mississippi.

He played music for most of his life, but did not get popular till the 1990s.

Burnside was born in Harmontown, Mississippi, in Lafayette County. He spent most of his life working as a sharecropper and a fisherman, as well as playing guitar at weekend house parties. 

He was first inspired to play guitar in his early twenties, after hearing John Lee Hooker play. He learned music from Mississippi Fred McDowell, who lived nearby. He was also influenced by his cousin-in-law, Muddy Waters.

During the 1950s, Burnside moved to Chicago, Illinois to get a better job, but things did not turn out as he had hoped. Within one month, his father, brother, and uncle were all murdered in the city. He used this tragedy to help him write music. He used it mostly for his interpretation of Skip James's "Hard Time Killing Floor", "R.L.'s Story," and the opening and closing tracks on Burnside's 2000 album, "Wish I Was In Heaven Sitting Down".

Around 1959, he left Chicago and went back to Mississippi to work the farms and raise a family.

After a heart attack in 2001, Burnside's doctor advised him to stop drinking; Burnside did, but said that change stopped him from playing. 

Members of his family continue to play blues in the Holly Springs area. His grandson, Cedric Burnside, tours with Kenny Brown, while his son Duwayne Burnside has played guitar with the North Mississippi Allstars. In 2004, the Burnside sons opened Burnside Blues Cafe, 30 miles southeast of Memphis in Holly Springs, Mississippi.

His earliest recordings were made in the late 1960s by George Mitchell and released on Arhoolie Records. Another album was recorded that year and "Hill Country Blues" came after in the early 1980s. An album with only singles followed, released in Memphis, Tennessee.

In the 1990s, he began recording for the Oxford, Mississippi, label Fat Possum Records, founded by Peter Redvers-Lee and Matthew Johnson. Burnside stayed with Fat Possum until his death, and he usually played with his friend and understudy, the slide guitarist Kenny Brown.

Burnside died at St. Francis Hospital on September 1, 2005 at 78 years old. 


Burnside was convicted of murder and sentenced to six months' in prison. Burnside's boss helped to keep the murder sentence short because he needed Burnside to work on the farm. "I didn't mean to kill nobody," Burnside said. "I just meant to shoot the sonofabitch in the head. Him dying was between him and the Lord."

Burnside had a strong voice and played electric and acoustic guitars. He played in the style of North Mississippi hill country blues rather than Mississippi Delta blues.

Many of his songs do not have chord changes, but use the same chord or bass line through the song.




Dal Lake

Dal Lake is a lake in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India. The lake is connected to other lakes of the Kashmir Valley. It is well known for its approximately 500 Victorian era wooden houseboats, originally built as vacation homes for landless British administrators during the Raj.

Pangong Tso

Pangong Tso (or Pangong Lake; Tso: Ladakhi for lake) is a lake in the Himalayas at a height of about 4,250 m (13,900 ft). It is 134 km (83.3 mi) long and extends from Ladakh to Tibet. Two thirds of the length of this lake is in Tibet. The lake is 5 km (3 mi) wide at its widest point. In winter, the lake surface freezes completely despite being salt water.

Tsomoriri

Tsomoriri is a lake on a plateau in Ladakh, in Jammu and Kashmir.

Wular Lake

Wular Lake (also spelt Wullar) is one of the largest fresh water lakes in Asia. It is in the Jammu and Kashmir, between the cities of Sopore and Bandipore. The lake was formed as a result of tectonic activity and is the largest freshwater lake in Asia.

The Jhelum River feeds into the lake, which acts as a natural flood reservoir. The size can vary between , depending on the season
Tulbul project is on wular lake

The Kashmiri sultan Zain-ul-Abidin is reputed to have ordered the construction of the artificial island of Zaina Lank in the middle of the lake in 1444.


Ansoo Lake

Ansoo Lake ("Teardrop Lake") is a lake in the Kaghan Valley in Mansehra District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Its elevation is . It is near Malika Parbat in the Himalayas.

Borith Lake

Borith Lake is a lake in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Borith is a hamlet near Borith Lake. The altitude of Borith is about above sea level.

Dudipatsar Lake

Dudiptsar lake or Dudipat Lake is a lake in Pakistan. It is in the extreme north of Kaghan Valley. It is about a four-hour drive from the chief town Naran. The word "dudi" means white and "sar" means lake. The lake was named because it reflects the white color of snow on the mountain peaks around it. The lake's water is greenish blue and very cold.

The lake used to have a lot of trout. Now there aren't as many because of illegal fishing using dynamite and nets.

This lake is very little visited by people. Getting to the lake takes four to six hours of tough hiking and trekking. The earthquake on October 8, 2005 in North Pakistan made it more difficult to get to the lake. However, the government of Pakistan decided on March 14, 2006 to take all steps to restore tourism of the Kaghan valley. That includes building new tourism spots and rebuilding previously destroyed ones.

Dudipatsar is close to another major lake, Lake Lulusar, which is the main contributory to the Kunhar River that runs through Kaghan valley. The whole area is private property but declared national park by Government of Pakistan.

The area is accessible for four months every year from June-September. After that, it is closed because of snow.

Haleji Lake

Haleji Lake () is a lake in Thatta District, Sindh, Pakistan.

Hanna Lake

Hanna Lake () is a lake in Pakistan. It is from Quetta. It is one of the main attractions of the city. The lake is near the place where the Urak Valley begins.

Kachura Lake

Upper Kachura Lake is a lake in Pakistan. It is from Lower Kachura Lake. It is famous for its natural scenic beauty and its moderate climate.


Keenjhar Lake

Kalri Lake () or Kinjhar Lake () is a lake in Thatta, Sindh, Pakistan.

Kundol Lake

Kundol Lake is a lake in Pakistan. It is in Swat Valley, Pakistan and can be reached from Kalam. It is above sea level.

Lulusar Lake

Lulusar is a lake near the Naran Valley in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The word "sar" means "top or peak" in Pashto. Actually Lulusar is the name of the mountains that contain the lake. So, it is the lake of Lulusar. It is located at N35.0804 E73.9266, at a height of 11,200 ft (3,410 m) from sea level.

The lake is the main source of the Kunhar River, which flows through the entire Kaghan Valley through Jalkhand, Naran Valley, Kaghan, Jared, Paras and Balakot until it joins the Jhelum River. The lake is 48 kilometers away from Naran, on the Naran-Babusar road. Lulusar marks the historic place where 55 participants of the 1857 war of independence were arrested.

Mahodand Lake

Mahodand Lake is a lake about 40 km from Kalam, in Pakistan's upper Ushu Valley. The lake is close to Lake Saifullah and Naseerullah. It is accessible with a four-wheel drive vehicle, and is a good location for fishing.

Manchar Lake

Lake Manchar is the largest freshwater lake in Pakistan and one of Asia's largest. It is located west of the Indus River in Sindh. The area of the lake fluctuates with the seasons from as little as 350 km² to as much as 520 km². The lake collects water from numerous small streams in the Kirthar Mountains and empties into the Indus River.

Namal Lake

Namal Lake is in one corner of the Namal valley in Mianwali, Punjab, Pakistan. This lake was created when Namal Dam was constructed in 1913. Namal Dam is 32 km from Mianwali city. The lake has a surface area of 5.5 km². There are mountains on its western and southern sides. On the other two sides are agricultural areas.

Namal Lake is an ideal abode for the migratory birds in winter season when thousands of water fowls, including Russian ducks and Siberian cranes, land in the lake water.

Rama Lake

Rama Lake is a lake near Astore in Northern Areas, Pakistan. It is on the top of the beautiful Astore Valley, covered with oak trees and greenery.

Rawal Lake

Rawal Lake is an artificial reservoir in Pakistan that provides the water needs for the cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad. This artificial lake covers an area of 8.8 km². Rawal Lake is located within an isolated section of the Margalla Hills National Park.

Rush Lake

Rush Lake is a high altitude lake near Rush Pari Peak (5,098 m) in Pakistan. At over , Rush is one of the highest alpine lakes in the world. It is about north of Miar Peak and Spantik (Golden Peak), which are in the Nagar valley. Rush Lake and Rush Peak can be reached via Nagar and Hopar and via the Hopar Glacier (Bualtar Glacier) and Miar Glacier, which rises from Miar and Phuparash peaks. The trek to Rush Lake provides spectacular views of Spantik, Miar Peak, Phuparash Peak and Ultar Sar.

Quantum immortality

Quantum suicide is a thought experiment in quantum mechanics and the philosophy of physics. It was originally claimed that it can distinguish between the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics and the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics. It is based on imagining oneself as the cat in the Schrödinger's cat thought experiment. Quantum immortality refers to the experience of surviving quantum suicide.

The thought experiment was created by Max In the thought experiment, a person stands in front of a gun which fires if it detects a subatomic particle as having an upward spin, or does not fire if the gun detects a downward spin. The gun does this repeatedly. From an outside perspective, both outcomes are equally likely. However, according to the thought experiment, if the many-worlds interpretation is true, the person in front of the gun finds that the gun never fires, even though this is very, very unlikely. In the many-worlds interpretation, the gun fires in one world and does not fire in another, but the person can only continue being conscious in a world in which the gun does not fire. According to the thought experiment, such a person would find themselves to be immortal.

In response to questions about whether people should generally expect to be immortal, Max Tegmark stated that is flawed reasoning because dying is not an instantaneous event, and "fully dead" and "fully alive" are not the only possible outcomes, as in the thought experiment. Rather, it is a progressive process, with a continuous series of states of decreasing consciousness. In most real causes of death, one's self-awareness fades out gradually. It is only within this specific imaginary scenario that a person finds themselves surviving.

Most experts believe that the experiment would not actually work in the real world.

Max Tegmark now believes that from their own point of view, the person in the thought experiment should not expect immortality. Since they die in some worlds, they afterwards exist in much fewer worlds than they had before. People are less likely to find themselves in a world where their own existence is less likely. Therefore, it is only a possibility, not a certainty, that the person who does the experiment then goes on to feel like they survived. This same problem, of not existing as much afterwards, was pointed out by Lev Vaidman in the "Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy".

Physicist David Deutsch, though in favor of the many-worlds interpretation, states regarding quantum suicide that it would not work under the normal probability rules of quantum mechanics. Instead, one would need to add an additional assumption of ignoring worlds where the experimenter is not there. He believes that assumption is false. Physicist David Wallace argues that a decision theory analysis shows that a person who prefers certain life to certain death must prefer to keep themselves alive in worlds that are more likely outcomes, not just in less likely ones.

Physicist Sean M. Carroll, though also in favor of the many-worlds interpretation, states about quantum suicide that neither experiences nor rewards should be thought of as being shared between future versions of oneself, because these future versions become distinct persons when the world splits. He then states that a person cannot pick out some future versions of oneself as really being oneself and not the others. He concludes that quantum suicide kills some of these future selves, which is a bad thing the same as if there were no other worlds.



Saiful Muluk Lake

Lake Saiful Muluk () is a lake at the northern end of the Kaghan Valley ( 34°52′37.34″N, 73°41′37.71″E) near Naran. It is in the northeast of Mansehra District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. At an altitude of 3,224 m (10,578 feet) above sea level it is one of the highest lakes in Pakistan.

Satpara Lake

Satpara Lake is an important lake in Skardu Valley in Pakistan. It supplies water for the town of Skardu, which is at 2,636 meters (8,650 ft) above sea level.

Shangrila Lake

Shangrila Lake or Lower Kachura Lake is a part of the Shangrila resort. It is about 20 minutes from Skardu (nearly 2,500 m or 8,200 feet) town.

It is a popular tourist destination, and has a unique restaurant that is built on the fuselage of an aircraft that had crashed nearby.

Shangrila was established in 1983 with the opening of the first Resort Hotel in Skardu, Baltistan. It was named "heaven on earth" because of its spectacular beauty,and breathtaking view and peaceful atmosphere. Shangrila Resort Hotel was founded by the late Brig.(Retd) Muhammad Aslam Khan, the first commander of the Northern Scouts who liberated the Northern Areas in 1948.

Shangrila was named after a book titled "Lost Horizon" by James Hilton. In the novel, the author narrates a tale in which an aeroplane crash landed near a riverbed, in the early 1920s. The surviving passengers came across some Buddhist monks from a nearby temple and sought their help. They were taken to a beautiful lamasery filled with a variety of fruits and flowers. The monks looked quite young, although they claimed to be hundreds of years old. The idyllic place was called Shangri-la, a Chinese word meaning "Heaven on earth".

Sheosar Lake

Sheosar Lake () is a lake in Deosai Plains, Northern Areas of Pakistan. The lake is in Deosai National Park in Gilgit-Baltistan Province. The lake is at an elevation of 4,142 m (13,589 feet). Its approximate length is reported to be 2.3 km (1.4 miles), width 1.8 km (1.2 miles) and average depth 40 m (131 feet).

"Sheosar Lake" means "Blind Lake", as "Sheo" in Shina Language means "Blind" and "Sar" means "Lake".

The lake is accessible through two routes. One is via Skardu and the other via Astore District.
The road through Skardu can be covered by jeep in few hours, however, if trekked, it can take 2 days. 
Second route is from Astore District.

Between the months of November to May the whole area of Deosai is snow bound. However, the area is full of natural beauty during Spring and Summer Season. During spring, the whole surrounding gets covered with wide variety of colorful flowers and butterflies. The best time of visiting this beautiful lake is in summer between June to September.

Snow Lake

Snow Lake, or Lukpe Lawo, is a high-altitude glacial basin in the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is not a lake.

Drang-Drung Glacier

The Drang-drung Glacier is the largest glacier in Zanskar which lies in the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir state of India. It is situted near the Pensi-la, which is a high pass considered gateway to Zanskar region. The Stod river originates from this glacier.

Baltoro Glacier

The Baltoro Glacier, at 62 kilometers long, is one of the longest glaciers outside of the polar regions. It is in Baltistan, in the Northern Areas of Pakistan, and runs through part of the Karakoram mountain range. The Baltoro Muztagh is to the north and east of the glacier, while the Masherbrum Mountains lie to the south. At 8,611 m (28,251 ft), K2 is the highest mountain in the region, and three others within 20 km top 8,000 m. 

The glacier gives rise to the Shigar River, which is a tributary of the Indus River. Several large tributary glaciers feed the main Baltoro glacier, including the Godwin Austen Glacier, flowing south from K2; the Abruzzi and the various Gasherbrum Glaciers, flowing from the Gasherbrum group of peaks; the Vigne Glacier, flowing from Chogolisa, and the Yermandendu Glacier, flowing from Masherbrum. The confluence of the main Baltoro Glacier with the Godwin Austen Glacier is known as Concordia; this location and K2 base camp are popular trekking destinations.

The trough of this glacier is very wide. Small valley glaciers form icefalls where they meet the trunk glacier. The sidewalls vary from very steep to precipitous. The glacier has carved striations on the surrounding country rocks. Moving ice has formed depressions, which serve as basins for numerous glacial lakes.

The glacier can be approached via the important Balti town of Skardu.

Biafo Glacier

The Biafo Glacier is a 67 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of the Northern Areas, Pakistan which meets the 49 km long Hispar Glacier at an altitude of 5,128 m (16,824 feet) at Hispar La (Pass) to create the world's longest glacial system outside of the polar regions. This highway of ice connects two ancient mountain kingdoms, Nagar (immediately south of Hunza) in the west with Baltistan in the east. The traverse uses 51 of the Biafo Glacier's 63 km and all of the Hispar Glacier to form a 100 km glacial route. Scientists still are yet to find out how old this glacier actually is 

Abruzzi Glacier

The Abruzzi Glacier is a glacier north of the Baltoro Kangri peak in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. The glacier joins Baltoro Glacier (one of the largest glaciers outside polar region) that flows northwest in the beginning and then turns westward.

Biarchedi Glacier

The Biarchedi Glacier is on the northeast of Biarchedi Peak in Pakistan. It flows north into the Baltoro Glacier.

Godwin-Austen Glacier

The Godwin-Austen Glacier is near K2 in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Its confluence with the Baltoro Glacier is called Concordia and is one of the most favorite spots for trekking in Pakistan since it provides excellent views of four of the five eight-thousanders in Pakistan.

The glacier can be approached via the important Balti town of Skardu.

Gondogoro Glacier

Gondogoro Glacier or Gondoghoro Glacier is glacier near Concordia in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It serves as an alternative means to reach Concordia; the confluence of Baltoro Glacier and Godwin-Austen Glacier.

Hispar Glacier

Hispar Glacier is a 49 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of the (Northern Areas, Pakistan) which meets the 63 km long Biafo Glacier at the Hispar La Pass (mountain Pass) at an altitude of 5,128 m (16,824 feet) to create the world's longest glacial system outside of the polar regions. This 100 km highway of ice connects two ancient mountain kingdoms, Nagar (immediately south of Hunza) in the west with Baltistan in the east. The extreme steepness of the hillsides and strenuous nature of the boulder hopping on the lateral moraines and hillsides make this route's upper half the most difficult part of the Biafo - Hispar traverse. Only the Hispar La day includes walking on the Hispar Glacier. The crossing of four major tributary glaciers from the north is most taxing, and potentially high nullah crossings can be dangerous. The views of 7,800 meter (25,600 foot) peaks and of the snow covered cliffs and mountains on the south side of the glacier are particularly impressive.

Miar Glacier

Miar Glacier is a glacier that forms in the north of Miar Peak (6,824 m) in Pakistan.

Panmah Glacier

Panmah Glacier is a glacier in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is in the Central Karakoram National Park.

Rupal Glacier

Rupal Glacier (or Tashain Glacier) is a glacier in the Great Himalaya subrange of the Himalayas. It starts in the north of an unnamed peak and flows northeast in the north of Laila Peak (Rupal Valley) and in the south of Nanga Parbat's many peaks. The melt water from the glacier forms Rupal River.

Sarpo Laggo Glacier

The Sarpo Laggo Glacier (meaning "young husband") is a glacier in the Northern Areas of Pakistan, in the Karakoram mountain range of the Himalayas.

Shani Glacier

Shani Glacier is a glacier in the north of Shani Peak (5,887 metres) in Naltar Valley, Pakistan.

Trango Glacier

Trango Glacier is a glacier near Trango Tower mountain in Baltistan, Northern Areas of Pakistan.

Vigne Glacier

Vigne Glacier is a glacier in the Northern Areas, Pakistan near Gondogoro Glacier and Baltoro Glacier.

Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events

Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a 2004 movie from Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon movies. It stars Jim Carrey as Count Olaf.


Lemony Snicket

Lemony Snicket is the pen name of the author who wrote the books in the "A Series of Unfortunate Events" series. Lemony Snicket's real name is Daniel Handler.

About once per book, Snicket provides the reader with glimpses of his life. He says that he:

He also dedicated his life to the Baudelaire orphans story.

Kermit Love

Kermit Ernest Hollingshead Love (August 7, 1916 – June 21, 2008) was an American puppeteer, costume designer, and actor in children's television and on Broadway. He was best known for his work on Muppets, mainly ones on "Sesame Street".

Love started his work when he was young, at first doing work for Broadway, such as making marionettes. He worked with many great names at the time in Broadway and ballet.

In the 1960s, Don Sahlin told Love to meet with Jim Henson, which was where Love and Henson first met. Due to his work in theater, Love knew how to make full-body puppets well. Soon after, Love made Big Bird and other muppets. Even though his name was Kermit, he was not the namesake of Kermit the Frog, who Henson made before meeting Love.

Love still made some non-Sesame Street characters until the early 2000s. He died on June 21, 2008 of heart failure in Poughkeepsie, New York. He is outlived by his life partner, Christopher Lyall.


Tarbela Dam

Tarbela Dam () is a large dam on the Indus River in Pakistan. The word derives from the name of the former Tarbela village, one of the larger villages at this site chosen for the dam. 

It is located about northwest of Islamabad, largely in the jurisdiction in the Haripur District of the Hazara Division, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. 

The plan for the dam was approved during the regime of the Pakistani dictator and later president General Ayub Khan, in the 1960s. Work went on until its completion in 1974. Many villages were submerged and thousands of people dieople splaced in the process.😎

The dam has a height of above the river bed. It has a reservoir size of . This makes it the largest earth filled dam in the world. The dam was completed in 1974. It was built to store water from the Indus River for irrigation and flood control, and for creating hydro-electric power.now tli

The reservoir lake formed by the damming of the Indus here, is Tarbela lake, which is very elongated and spread out over a considerable area. The lake has many channels and is surrounded by wild, high hills and scrub and thorn forests. It is now a place where many species of waterfowl and fish are found. 

Colloquy (software)

Colloquy is an IRC client that first came out in 2005. The newest stable, or good version of IceChat is 2.1 that was made in 2007. Colloquy is free which means it does not cost any money to use. The programming language Colloquy is made in is Objective-C. It is licensed as GPL.


Alarm

An alarm is something used to alert people quickly to something. Most alarms use loud noises and/or flashing lights. Some alarms may use other ways of attracting peoples attention quickly, such as turning off loud machinery, shaking a bed or pillow. 


Little River (Oklahoma)

The Little River is a tributary of the Canadian River, 90 mi (145 km) long, in central Oklahoma in the United States.It also came from Red River and From Mississippi River

Tornado Alley

Tornado Alley is a colloquial term most often used to refer to the area of the United States in which tornadoes happen more than in any other part of the country. The 1974 super tornado outbreak with 148 tornadoes, took place in Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia.

States such as Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio are sometimes included in Tornado Alley. Research suggests that tornadoes are happening more often in the northern parts of Tornado Alley where it reaches the Canadian prairies.

Over the years, the location(s) of Tornado Alley have not been clearly defined. No definition of tornado alley has ever been officially chosen by the National Weather Service (NWS). Thus, differences in the place are because of the different criteria used.

The National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) FAQ says that "Tornado Alley" is a term used by the media as a reference to areas that have mroe tornadoes. A study of 1921–1995 tornadoes concluded almost one-fourth of all significant tornadoes happen in this area.

No state has no tornadoes; however, they happen more often in the Central United States, between the Rocky Mountains and Appalachian Mountains.

Another criterion for the location of Tornado Alley (or Tornado Alleys) can be where the strongest tornadoes happen more often.

The term "tornado alley" was first used in 1952 by U.S. Air Force meteorologists Major Ernest J. Fawbush (1915–1982) and Captain Robert C. Miller (1920–1998). They used it as the title of a research project to study severe weather in parts of Texas and Oklahoma.

The average tornado stays on ground for only 5 minutes. These figures, reported by the National Climatic Data Center for the period between 1991 and 2010, show the seventeen U.S. states with the most average number of tornadoes per per year.
About half of all Canadian tornadoes hit the Canadian prairies and Northern Ontario as far east as Lake Superior. Together, these areas make up the northernmost border of the U.S. Tornado Alley. Tornadoes up to EF5 in strength have been found in this region.

Schools in Tornado Alley often have tornado drills, and many homes may have tornado shelters where people can go for safety.


Mistletoe

Mistletoe is the common name for a group of semi-parasitic plants in the order Santalales. They grow attached by a haustorium to the branches of trees or shrubs.
It is not the name of any one plant: rather, it is a name given to plants which have a particular growth-habit.

The different mistletoes have white fruit (berries), and are parasitic on trees and shrubs. The name was invented in Europe, for local mistletoes. Similar parasitic plants are found in other parts of the world.

The name was first given to "Viscum album" (European mistletoe, Santalaceae), the only species native in Great Britain and much of Europe. Later the name was given to other related species, including "Phoradendron serotinum" (the eastern mistletoe of eastern North America, also Santalaceae).

The largest family of mistletoes, Loranthaceae, has 73 genera and over 900 species.

European mistletoe played a large role in Greek mythology, and is believed to be The Golden Bough of Aeneas, ancestor of the Romans. The Norse god Baldr was killed with mistletoe.

In Romanian traditions, mistletoe ("vâsc" in Romanian) is considered a source of good fortune.

William Shakespeare mentions it in "Titus Andronicus", Act II, Scene I: "Overcome with moss and baleful mistletoe".

Mistletoe is often used as a Christmas decoration. "Viscum album" is used in Europe and "Phoradendron serotinum" is used in North America. According to custom, the mistletoe must not touch the ground between its cutting and its removal as the last of Christmas greens at Candlemas; it may remain hanging through the year, often to preserve the house from lightning or fire, until it was replaced the following Christmas Eve.

Mistletoe ("Phoradendron flavescens") is the state floral emblem for the State of Oklahoma.

According to a custom during Christmas, any two people who meet under a hanging of mistletoe are urged to kiss. The custom started in Scandinavia.


Potoroo

A potoroo is any member genus Potorous.


Michael Gambon

Sir Michael John Gambon CBE (19 October 1940 – 27 September 2023) was an Irish-born British actor with a career that lasted nearly five decades and included a variety of roles in movie, television and theatre.

Gambon was born on 19 October 1940 in Dublin during World War II. His father, Edward Gambon, was an engineer and his mother, Mary (née Hoare), was a seamstress. His father decided to seek work in the rebuilding of London, and so the family moved to Mornington Crescent in north London, when Gambon was five. His father had him made a British citizen — a decision that would later allow Michael to receive an actual, rather than honorary, knighthood and CBE. (although, under the British Nationality Act 1981 anyone born in Ireland before 1949 can still register as a British subject and, after five years' UK residence, as a British citizen).

Raised a strict Catholic, he attended St Aloysius Boys' School in Somers Town and served at the altar. He then moved to St Aloysius' College in Hornsey Lane, Highgate, London, whose former pupils included Peter Sellers. He later attended a school in Kent, before leaving with no qualifications at fifteen. He then gained an apprenticeship with Vickers Armstrong as a toolmaker. By the time he was 21 he was a fully qualified engineer. He kept the job for a further year – acquiring a fascination and passion for collecting antique guns, clocks and watches, as well as classic cars.

Aged 19, he joined the Unity Theatre in Kings Cross. Five years later he wrote a letter to Michael MacLiammoir, the Irish theatre impresario who ran Dublin's Gate Theatre. It was accompanied by a CV describing a rich and wholly imaginary theatre career – and he was taken on.

Gambon made his professional stage début in the Gaiety Theatre, Dublin's 1962 production of "Othello", playing "Second Gentleman", followed by a European tour. A year later, cheekily auditioning with the opening soliloquy from Richard III, he caught the eye of star-maker Laurence Olivier who was recruiting promising spear-carriers for his new National Theatre Company. Gambon, along with Robert Stephens, Derek Jacobi and Frank Finlay, was hired as one of the ‘to be renowned’ and played any number of small roles. The company initially performed at the Old Vic, their first production being "Hamlet", directed by Olivier and starring Peter O'Toole. He played for four years in many NT productions, including named roles in "The Recruiting Officer" and "The Royal Hunt of the Sun", working with directors William Gaskill and John Dexter.

After three years at the Old Vic, Olivier advised Gambon to gain experience in provincial rep. In 1967, he left the NT for the Birmingham Repertory Company which was to give him his first crack at the title roles in "Othello" (his favourite), "Macbeth" and "Coriolanus".

His rise to stardom began in 1974 when Eric Thompson cast him as the melancholy vet in Alan Ayckbourn's "The Norman Conquests" at Greenwich. A speedy transfer to the West End established him as a brilliant comic actor, squatting at a crowded dining table on a tiny chair and sublimely agonising over a choice between black or white coffee.

Back at the National, now on the South Bank, his next turning point was Peter Hall's premiere staging of Harold Pinter's "Betrayal", an unexpectedly subtle performance — a production photograph shows him embracing Penelope Wilton with sensitive hands and long slim fingers (the touch of a master clock-maker). He is also one of the few actors to have mastered the harsh demands of the vast Olivier Theatre. As Simon Callow once said: “Gambon's ‘iron lungs and overwhelming charisma are able to command a sort of operatic full-throatedness which triumphs over hard walls and long distances.”

This was to serve him in good stead in John Dexter's masterly staging of "The Life of Galileo" in 1980, the first Brecht to become a popular success. Hall called him ‘unsentimental, dangerous and immensely powerful’, even the Sunday Times’ curmudgeonly critic of the day called his performance ‘a decisive step in the direction of great tragedy...great acting’, while fellow actors paid him the rare compliment of applauding him in the dressing room on the first night.

From the first Ralph Richardson dubbed him The Great Gambon, an accolade which stuck, outshining his 1990 CBE, even the later knighthood, although Gambon dismisses it as a circus slogan. But as Sheridan Morley perceptively remarked in 2000, when reviewing "Cressida": ‘Gambon's eccentricity on stage now begins to rival that of his great mentor Richardson’. Also like Richardson, interviews are rarely given and raise more questions than they answer. Gambon is a very private person, a ‘non-starry star’ as Ayckbourn called him. Off-stage he prefers to back out of the limelight, an unpretentious guy sharing laughs with his fellow cast and crew.

While he has won screen acclaim, no-one who saw his ravaged "King Lear" at Stratford, while still in his early forties, will forget his superb double act with a red-nosed Antony Sher as the Fool sitting on his master's knee like a ventriloquist's doll. There were also notable appearances in "Old Times" at the Theatre Royal Haymarket, and as "Volpone" and the brutal sergeant in Pinter's "Mountain Language".

David Hare's "Skylight", with Lia Williams, which opened to rave reviews at the National in 1995, transferred first to Wyndhams Theatre and then on to Broadway for a four-month run which left him in a state of advanced exhaustion. “"Skylight" was ten times as hard to play as anything I’ve ever done” he told Michael Owen in the Evening Standard. “I had a great time in New York but couldn’t wait to get back”.

Gambon is almost the only leading actor not to grace Yasmina Reza's "ART" at Wyndham's. But together with Simon Russell Beale and Alan Bates he gave a deliciously droll radio account of the role of Marc. And for the RSC he shared Reza's two-hander "The Unexpected Man" with Eileen Atkins, first at The Pit in the Barbican and then at the Duchess Theatre, a production also intended for New York but finally delayed by other commitments.

In 2001, he portrayed what he described as “a physically repulsive’’ Davies in Patrick Marber's revival of Pinter's "The Caretaker", but he found the rehearsal period an unhappy experience, and felt that he had let down the author. A year later, playing opposite Daniel Craig, he portrayed the father of a series of cloned sons in Caryl Churchill's "A Number" at the Royal Court, notable for a recumbent moment when he smoked a cigarette, the brightly lit spiral of smoke rising against a black backdrop, an effect which he dreamed up during rehearsals.

In 2004, he finally achieved a life-long ambition to play Sir John Falstaff, in Nicholas Hytner's National Theatre production of "Henry IV, Parts 1 and 2", co-starring with Matthew Macfadyen as Prince Hal.

He made his movie debut in the Laurence Olivier "Othello" in 1965. He then played romantic leads, notably in the early 1970s BBC television series, "The Borderers", in which he was swashbuckling Gavin Ker. As a result, Gambon was asked by James Bond producer Cubby Broccoli to audition for the role in 1970, to replace George Lazenby. His craggy looks soon made him into a character actor, although he won critical acclaim as Galileo in John Dexter's production of "The Life of Galileo" by Brecht at the National Theatre in 1980. But it was not until Dennis Potter's "The Singing Detective" (1986) that he became a household name. After this success, for which he won a BAFTA, his work includes movies such as "The Cook, The Thief, His Wife and Her Lover" which also starred Helen Mirren.

In 1992, he portrayed a psychotic general in the Barry Levinson movie "Toys" and he also starred as Georges Simenon's detective Inspector Jules Maigret in an ITV adaptation of Simenon's series of books. He starred as Fyodor Dostoevsky in the Hungarian director Károly Makk's movie "The Gambler" (1997) about the writing of Fyodor Dostoevsky's novella "The Gambler".

In recent years, movies such as "Dancing at Lughnasa" (1998) and "Plunkett & Macleane" (1998), as well as television appearances in series such as "Wives and Daughters" (1999) (for which he won another BAFTA), a made-for-TV adaptation of Samuel Beckett's "Endgame" (2001) and "Perfect Strangers" (2001) have revealed a talent for comedy. In 2004, he appeared in five movies, including Wes Anderson's quirky comedy "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou"; the British gangster flick "Layer Cake"; theatrical drama "Being Julia"; and CGI action fantasy "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow".

Perhaps his most significant role in 2004, however, was Albus Dumbledore, Hogwarts' headmaster in the third installment of J. K. Rowling's franchise, "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", taking over from fellow Irish actor Richard Harris, who had died of Hodgkins disease. (Harris had also played Maigret on television four years before Gambon took that role.) Gambon reprised the role of Albus Dumbledore in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", which was released in November 2005 in the UK and U.S. He returned to the role again in the fifth movie, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", which was released in 2007. He will once again return to portray Dumbledore in movie the sixth "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince". Gambon admits not having read the "Harry Potter" novels and says that this is because he does not want to be upset by an extremely large change or death in the books. Similarly, he has also stated in an interview that, when playing Dumbledore, "I don't have to play anyone really. I just stick on a beard and play me, so it's no great feat. I never ease into a role – every part I play is just a variant of my own personality. I’m not really a character actor at all..."

In an Ironic twist, Gambon also played a British spy in "The Good Shepherd" (2006). His codename was "The headmaster".

Most recently, he was Joe in Beckett's "Eh Joe", giving two performances a night at the Duke of York's Theatre in London. He currently does the voice over to the new Guinness ads with the penguins. In 2007 he played major roles in Stephen Poliakoff's "Joe's Palace", and the five-part adaptation of Mrs Gaskell's "Cranford" novels, both for BBC TV.

Gambon married Anne Miller when he was 22, but has always been secretive about his personal life. The couple live together in a country house in Kent. Gambon was invested by Prince Charles as a Knight Bachelor on 17 July 1998 for services to drama (Queen Elizabeth II's approval for the award was notified in the 1998 New Year Honours List) and his wife thus became Lady Gambon. The couple have a son, Fergus, who appears as an expert on the BBC's "Antiques Roadshow".

Gambon is a qualified amateur pilot, and his love of cars led to his appearance on the BBC's "Top Gear" programme. Gambon raced the Suzuki Liana and was driving so aggressively that it was launched into the air on the last corner of his timed lap. The final corner of the Dunsfold Park track has been named "Gambon" in his honour. He reappeared on the programme on the 4 June 2006, and set a time in the Chevrolet Lacetti of 1:50.3, a significant improvement on his previous time of 1:55. He clipped his namesake corner the second time, and when asked why by Jeremy Clarkson, replied that 'I dunno - I just do not like it'.

In February 2015, Gambon spoke for the first time of the "frightening memory loss" that had forced him to retire from the stage after 50 years. He said he has taken the "heartbreaking" decision to stop after finding he could no longer remember his lines.

Gambon died on 27 September 2023, aged 82, after suffering from pneumonia.




 

Mercosur

Mercosur or Mercosul (, , Guarani: "Ñemby Ñemuha", ) is a Regional Trade Agreement (RTA) between Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay. It was founded in 1991. Its purpose is to improve free trade and the easy movement of goods, people, and currency. 

The following countries are full members, in the process of becoming full members, associate members or observers.






Leti, Chakwal

Leti is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°55'0N 72°4'0E and is part of Talagang Tehsil.

C. Everett Koop

Charles Everett Koop (October 14, 1916 – February 25, 2013) was an American physician who became well known as a pediatric surgeon at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. He was an early name in today's pediatric surgery. He then served as the Surgeon General of the United States and as vice admiral in the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps from 1982 to 1989, under President Ronald Reagan.

He was thought of as the first "celebrity Surgeon General", because he is the first Surgeon General to receive an Emmy Award, and remains the only Surgeon General to have done so. Koop was also called Chick Koop by some of his friends.

Today Koop is well known for four parts of his work:


These four views, along with Koop's personality and use of the media, made the office of Surgeon General more well known than it was before. He is the first Surgeon General to be the subject of a well known song – "Promiscuous", by Frank Zappa. Koop was unusual in his style, and well known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties.

Koop was born on October 14, 1916 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Dartmouth College, at Cornell Medical College, and at the University of Pennsylvania. He was married to Betty Koop from 1938 until her death in 2007. Then he was married to Cora Hogue Koop from 2010 until his death in 2013. He had four children.

Koop died on February 25, 2013 from unknown causes. During the past months, Koop had been ill. He suffered renal failure the past week in his home in Hanover, New Hampshire. He was 96 years old.



White bass

The white bass or sand bass ("Morone chrysops") is a freshwater fish of the temperate bass family Moronidae. It is the state fish of Oklahoma.

Nagasaki Prefecture

Nagasaki Prefecture was created by merging the western half of the old provinces of Hizen Province with the islands of Tsushima Province and Iki Province.

Nagasaki is on the western coast of the island of Kyūshū. The southwest coastline faces the Sea of Japan and the East China Sea. Saga Prefecture is on its eastern border.

The prefecture has 505 islands with no people living on them.

National Parks are established in about 18% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Chiriku Hachiman-gū", "Amanotanagoa jinja" and "Kaijin jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Rose rock

The Rose Rock is a rock that has a shape similar to a rose blossom. The rose rock was selected as the official state rock of Oklahoma in 1968.

Ouachita Mountains

The Ouachita Mountains are a mountain range in west central Arkansas and southeastern Oklahoma.

Arbuckle Mountains

The Arbuckle Mountains are an ancient mountain range in south-central Oklahoma in the United States. It rests in Davis, Oklahoma. A Small town of a bit over the 2500 population. There are many things to do in this historic small tourist town. come and see for yourself. Brenda Lack Stokes is a native Davisite town and welcomes the world to visit this wonderful place. 

Wichita Mountains

The Wichita Mountains are in southwestern Oklahoma.

Kiamichi Mountains

The Kiamichi Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern Oklahoma. A subrange within the larger Ouachita Mountains that extend from Oklahoma to western Arkansas,

Idabel, Oklahoma

Idabel is a city in McCurtain County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 6,961 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of McCurtain County.

Gegenschein

The Gegenshein, also called Counterglow, is a very faint light which can be seen in the sky at night. The light can be seen at the point in the sky that is exactly opposite of the Sun. It is very hard to see. The light can only be seen from areas with no other lights (away from cities) and on nights with no moon. This effect is caused by matter spread around that reflect the light from the Sun, and is related to the zodiacal light.

Lawton, Oklahoma

Lawton is a city in and the county seat of Comanche County, Oklahoma, United States.

Haunted house

A haunted house or ghosthouse is a house where supernatural events are believed to take place. Many haunted houses are believed to contain ghosts. They can also contain the spirits of dead people. The rumour that a house is haunted often starts after something violent or tragic happens in the house, such as a murder or suicide. Haunted houses are common in gothic fiction, and are generally seen as old castles or creaky, old, abandoned houses. A haunted house can be a type of attraction in amusements parks too. One scientific explanation of haunted houses is that poisonous gasses such as carbon monoxide from defective gas-burning appliances are what causes the hallucinations that people experience. Another possible cause is infrasound.

Many haunted houses have been investigated and found to contain high levels of carbon monoxide or other poisons, which can cause hallucinations. The carbon monoxide theory explains why haunted houses are mostly older houses which are more likely to contain aging and defective appliances, and why more hauntings are reported in the colder months. Carbon monoxide poisoning explains many of the occurrences in haunted houses, such as feelings of being watched, hearing footsteps or voices, seeing "ghosts", headaches, dizziness, and sudden death or illness of people or pets, and also strange behavior in pets such as excessive barking or meowing. The carbon monoxide theory also explains why some ghosts don't show up on photographs or videos (photographs that do show "ghosts" are usually caused by dust, insects, fingers or camera strap in front of the lens, and multiple exposures).

Pesticides can cause the same types of hallucinations as carbon monoxide. Recreational drugs such as LSD and methamphetamine can cause hallucinations. Unpleasant hallucinations are known in the recreational drug community as a "bad trip". Drug users are usually, but not always, aware that they are experiencing hallucinations related to the drug, at least after they become sober again. Toxic mould, which can produce hallucinogens, has also been linked to haunted houses.

Sounds heard in a "haunted" house are often very normal sounds, for example footstep-like sounds can be caused by vermin such as squirrels or raccoons. Dead vermin can also cause unusual smells often associated with hauntings. Doors closing by themselves can be caused by wind. Moving shadow figures can be caused by the headlights of passing cars shining through a window. Many times normal sounds that come from outside can be mistaken for a sound inside the house. Sounds made by electronics, plumbing, refrigerators, and heating / air conditioning have also been mistaken for paranormal sounds.


Planetshine

The phenomenon known as planetshine happens when sunlight from a planet lights the dark side of one of its moons. The best known example of planetshine is Earthshine.

Moore, Oklahoma

Moore is a city in Cleveland County, Oklahoma and is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area. The population was 62,793 at the 2020 census. Moore has been known for being the site of large Tornadoes.

Moore was originally Moore was established on May 27, 1889 and was named after Al Moore, a Santa Fe Railway employee. 

It was very small and not that special until 1961, when it gained over 21 square miles, and it became a full fledged city in 1962. Large Industrial development began in the 1960s, which led to a large increase in population, soon the city’s population increased massively, with over 17,000 residents moving in between 1960 and 1970.

Soon, in the 1970s, A program was started where various Smiley Faces we’re painted on the town water tower. Also in the 1970s, the Moore post office became a branch of the Oklahoma City post office in 1972.

On May 3, 1999, Moore was the site of a Very Large F5 Tornado. The tornado killed 36 people, injured 583, and caused damage equivalent to $1 billion. The event currently holds the record for Highest wind speeds measured globally, at 301 ± 20 miles per hour. Moore was hit by another EF5 tornado on May 20, 2013. This tornado killed 24 people, injured 212, and caused an estimated $2 billion in damage.

Ephemeris

An ephemeris is a table giving the predicted positions of an object in space, like another planet, comet, or asteroid.

Saros cycle

The Saros cycle is an eclipse cycle of about 18 years 11 days 8 hours (about 6585⅓ days). A solar eclipse 18 years past will be similar with one 18 years in the future. This is because the Earth, Moon and Sun return to almost the same positions they were at 18 years ago. The first predictions of a solar eclipse using the Saros were made by Ancient Greek philosophers.

Paycom Center

Paycom Center, formerly known as Ford Center, briefly as Oklahoma City Arena, and Chesapeake Energy Arena, is a multipurpose indoor sports/concert arena in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. It is the home of the National Basketball Association's Oklahoma City Thunder. The arena was also home to the New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets from 2005 to 2007.

The arena was named the Ford Center from 2002 to 2010. The name did not come directly from the Ford Motor Company; it instead came from a contract with Oklahoma Ford Dealers, a group that represents marketing efforts of the state's Ford dealers. After the city and Oklahoma Ford Dealers could not agree on a new naming rights contract, the arena became Oklahoma City Arena from 2010 to 2011.

A new naming rights contract was signed with Chesapeake Energy in 2011, leading to the renaming as Chesapeake Energy Arena. Chesapeake Energy entered into bankruptcy restructuring in 2020, and ended the naming contract the next year. In July 2021, Paycom, an Oklahoma City-based payroll services company, signed a 15-year naming contract, leading to the current name of Paycom Center.


Tulsa Revolution

The Tulsa Revolution is a professional soccer team from Tulsa, Oklahoma that plays in the Central Division of the American Indoor Soccer League.

Arena football

Arena football is a sport similar to American football. It is played indoors on a smaller field than American Football, resulting in a faster and higher-scoring game.

Pir Panjal Range

The Pir Panjal Range (Kashmiri: ) is a group of mountains in the Lesser Himalayan region. They runfrom east-southeast (ESE) to west-northwest (WNW). The range crosses the Indian territories of Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir and then Pakistan's Azad Kashmir. The average elevation varies from to . Pir Panjal is the largest range of the Lesser Himalayas. Near the bank of the Sutlej River, it seperates itself from the Himalayas and forms a divide between the Beas and Ravi rivers on one side and the Chenab on the other. The Galyat mountains are a part of this range. The region is connected to the Valley of Kashmir by Mughal Road. It used to be the historical connection of Kashmir with India.

Happy Feet

Happy Feet is a 2006 American-Australian computer-animated musical movie. It was made in Australia. The movie was directed and co-written by George Miller. It was released in North America in November 2006. While it is mostly animated, some scenes do include live-action. "Happy Feet" won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but did not win the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature. There is a sequel to "Happy Feet" released in 2011.

"Happy Feet" was dedicated to the following people: Nick Enright, Michael Jonson, Robby McNeilly Green, and Steve Irwin.

"Happy Feet" is set in an Emperor Penguin colony, where each penguin must sing a song called a "Heartsong" to find a mate. Two penguins, Norma Jean and Memphis, are attracted to each other by their songs, and they start a family. While Norma Jean is fishing in the ocean, Memphis is left with the egg, and he accidentally drops it on the ice, exposing it to the cold temperatures of the Antarctic. The young penguin chick who hatches out of this egg has a terrible singing voice and later discovers he has no "Heartsong." However, he does have a talent for tap dancing.

While Mumble's mother, Norma Jean, thinks this little habit is cute, his father, Memphis, says it "just ain't penguin." Besides, they both know that, without a "Heartsong", Mumble may never find true love. As fate would have it, his one friend, Gloria, happens to be the best singer around. Mumble and Gloria have a connection from the moment they hatch, but she struggles with his strange "hippity-hoppity" ways. Mumble is just too different; especially for Noah the Elder, the stern leader of the colony, who ultimately casts him out of the community.

Away from home for the first time, Mumble meets a group of different penguins—the Adelie Amigos. Led by Ramón, the Adelies instantly accept Mumble's tap-dancing skills and invite him to party with them. In the home of the Adelies, Mumble seeks the counsel of Lovelace the Guru, a Rockhopper penguin who claims he will answer any of life's questions for the price of a pebble. In their conversation, Lovelace mentions "aliens," which interest Mumble as he finds a frozen vehicle in a glacier. He decides to find the "aliens."

Returning home, Mumble and his friends find Gloria in the center of attention as her "Heartsong" is very attractive to the other penguins. However, she is not interested in the other males' "Heartsongs", but is excited when Mumble persuades her to sing in time with his tap-dance rhythm. The other penguins become interested and begin dancing. However, Noah the Elder feels that the recent lack of fish, the penguins' main food, is a punishment sent from their god in order to punish them for allowing Mumble's dancing. He therefore exiles Mumble from the colony, but before he leaves, Mumbles tells them that he will find the real cause of the famine.

With Lovelace and the Amigos, Mumble travels many miles and through many obstacles, which include an attack by killer whales. Finally, they see a lot of commercial trawlers, ships that are fishing in the Antarctic waters, and Mumble follows them. Eventually, he is caught and put on display in a marine park exhibit. He attempts to communicate with the "aliens" (humans) who are surrounding him, but fails. After nearing going mad with the confinement, a small child taps on the glass of his enclosure. Mumble is excited and begins tap-dancing. After a large crowd gathers to watch him, he is released back to the wild with a tracking device and leads the humans back to his colony.

Later on, a research team arrives to study the penguins, and the humans discover they are overfishing the ocean, which had resulted in the lack of fish. Fishing the Antarctic is banned, and the fish population returns and thrives. In the end, the Emperors and Amigos are shown dancing and celebrating.

High School Musical 3: Senior Year DANCE!

High School Musical 3: Senior Year DANCE! is a rhythm video game based on the movie "". It was released in 2008.



Bernie Mac

Bernie Mac (Bernard Jeffrey McCullough, October 5, 1957 – August 9, 2008) was an American actor and comedian. He was nominated for an Emmy Award twice.

He died on August 9, 2008 from complications of pneumonia.


Michael Phelps

Michael Fred Phelps II (born June 30, 1985) is an American swimmer who holds world records in multiple events. Phelps won eight medals at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. Six of those were gold. These medals made him tie the record for medals at a single Olympics. Alexander Dityatin has held this record since 1980. In 2008, Phelps won eight swimming gold medals at the Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. This broke Mark Spitz's record for most gold medals in a single Olympics. Spitz had won seven gold medals at the 1972 Summer Olympics. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Phelps won another four gold and two silver medals. At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Phelps won five gold medals and one silver. 

In total he has won 28 Olympic medals, a record. 23 of these are gold medals, over two times as many as the former record. Phelps is also known as the most decorated olympian in any sport. Currently, Michael Phelps has retired. He did not swim in the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.

Phelps was diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) when he was nine.

Phelps qualified to compete in three team events and five individual events. He won gold medals in all eight events (WR = world record, OR = Olympic record):

Severe weather

Severe weather is any destructive weather phenomenon. The term is usually used to refer to severe thunderstorms and related storms, such as tornados, hail, and downbursts. Unlike normal weather, severe weather does not happen as much. Most severe weather, like hurricanes and severe thunderstorms, happen in the summer. Winter storms are also kinds of severe weather, and these happen in the winter.

Indian Territory

The Indian Territory, also known as The Indian Country, The Indian territory or the Indian territories, was land set aside within the United States for the use of Native Americans.

Kenton, Oklahoma

Kenton is a small unincorporated community in Cimarron County, Oklahoma, United States.

Trio

A trio is a group of three things, or a group of three persons who are doing something together.

In music


In other entertainment:

Other uses:


Alfred Cortot

Alfred Denis Cortot (born Nyon, 26 September 1877; died Lausanne, 15 June 1962) was a French-Swiss pianist and conductor. He is one of the most famous 20th century musicians. He was especially known for his playing of piano music by 19th century Romantic composers such as Chopin and Schumann. He formed a piano trio with the violinist Jacques Thibaud and the cellist Pablo Casals. He was a piano teacher and conductor.

Cortot (pronounce “Cor-toe”) was born in Nyon in the French-speaking part of Switzerland. His father was French and his mother was Swiss. Cortot studied at the Paris Conservatoire. His teachers were Emile Descombes and Louis Diémer. He won a first prize ("premier prix") in 1896. His first public concert was at the Concerts Colonne in 1897 when he played Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 3. He helped opera singers to learn their music, and became assistant conductor at the Bayreuth Festival. In 1902 he conducted Wagner’s "Götterdämmerung". It was the first time it had been performed in Paris. He formed a concert society to perform Wagner's "Parsifal", Beethoven's "Missa solemnis", Brahms' "German Requiem", and new works by French composers.

In 1905, Cortot formed a trio with Jacques Thibaud and Pablo Casals, which became the most famous piano trio of the time. There are still several recordings of their playing. From 1907 to 1923, Cortot taught at the Paris Conservatoire, where his pupils included Clara Haskil, Dinu Lipatti, Vlado Perlemuter. In 1919, he founded the École Normale de Musique de Paris. Many people came to hear him teach about how to perform piano music. He travelled a lot and also conducted famous orchestras. He died in Lausanne.

Many people did not agree with him when he supported the German occupation of France during the Second World War. He played in some concerts which were supported by the Nazis. He may just have played at these concerts because he liked German music, but it made him some enemies. His wife, Clothilde Breal, was of Jewish origin and her cousin, Lise Bloch, was married to Leon Blum, the first Jew to become President du Conseil or Prime Minister in France. Cortot and the Blums were good friends, although he was banned for a year from performing in France.

He was famous for playing the piano music of Chopin and Schumann, Cortot made editions of both those composers' music. He had a superb technique, but he also had many memory lapses in concerts and occasionally left wrong notes on his records. Nevertheless, when he played well he was one of the greatest pianists of his time.

Pesto

Pesto (meaning Paste) is a type of sauce that originated in the Italian region of Liguria. The uncooked sauce is made of basil which is crushed. Other ingredients are garlic, salt, pine nuts, olive oil, and certain types of cheese (most often Parmesan cheese, Pecorino Sardo or Pecorino Romano). 

Pesto is often used as a sauce for pasta.

There is a similar dish in the Provence, in France. It contains no nuts or cheese. It is called Pistou.

Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom

Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is a 1984 movie starring Harrison Ford and directed by Steven Spielberg. It is the second movie in the Indiana Jones movie series and the prequel to "Raiders of the Lost Ark".


The movie is set in 1934. Indiana Jones meets a gangster named Lao Che in Shanghai. Lao Che wants the ashes of the Manchurian emperor Nurachi. In turn, he will give Jones a rare diamond. They trade items. However, Lao Che put poison in Jones's drink and offers him the antidote for the diamond. A fight ensues, where one of Lao Che's sons is killed and a dancer named Willie Scott picks up the antidote. Jones and Scott leap out a window, where they are driven by Jones's sidekick Short Round through Shanghai. They then get on plane but do not know that it is owned by Lao Che.

Lao Che orders the pilots of his plane to parachute out to try to kill Jones. However, Jones uses a life boat and lands safely. They are then greeted by a village leader in India who tells them that a group of men took their Sankara Stone and kidnapped their children. He asks if the three of them will go help them find the stone and their children. Jones agrees and the three of them go out on elephants.

They stay the night at Pankot Palace. While there, a big man tries to kill Jones. Jones finds a secret door and find a large underground temple underneath the palace run by the Thuggee people. He sees the three Sankara Stones there. The three of them watch their leader, Mola Ram, sacrifice a man by pulling out his heart and lowering him into a lava pit where he burns to death. The Thuggees see them and capture them.

Jones meets Mola Ram, the one that kidnapped the children and stole the stone. He forces the children to work as slaves in the mine to find more of the stones. He has Jones drink the blood of Kali. The blood brainwashes Jones and puts him under a spell. Ram then shows him Scott, who they captured. Jones puts her in a cage and starts to lower her down into a lava pit. Short Round, who was working at the mines, gets free. He takes a torch and burns Jones, who comes to his senses. He saves Scott, takes the stones, and starts to get out of there.

He frees the children from their chains. However, another big man, the leader, starts to fight Jones. Jones is winning but when he is about to beat the guy, he suddenly goes into great pain. Short Round tries to help but cannot help very much. He looks up and sees that the king is using a voodoo doll and hurting Jones. Short Round climbs up to the top and burns him as well, just in time. The three heroes go into the mine cart to escape, leading a long chase where they barely escape.

Mola Ram traps them over a bridge. Jones signals to his friends to hold on and then he cuts the rope. Most of the Thuggees die when they are eaten by crocodiles down below. The rest of the people hang onto the bridge, which hits a cliff. Scott and Short Round easily make it up. Ram and Jones fight. It ends when Jones utters a chant that makes the stones very hot. Ram grabs one, is burned, and falls to his death below and is eaten by crocodiles.

A group of Indian riflemen then come down and shoots at the Thuggees, driving them back. Jones brings the stone and all the children back to the village.

Andrei Tarkovsky

Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky () (April 4, 1932 - December 29, 1986) was a Soviet movie director, writer and opera director. Tarkovksy is listed as one of the 100 filmmakers best liked by movie critics. He received critical acclaim for directing such movies as "Andrei Rublev", "Solaris" and "Stalker".

Tarkovsky also did a lot of work as a screenwriter, movie editor and theater director. He was also important as a movie theorist. He directed most of his movies in the Soviet Union, with the exception of his last two movies which were produced in Italy and Sweden. His movies are characterized by Christian spirituality and metaphysical themes. Other things that are typical for his movies are extremely long takes, the lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot, and memorable images of exceptional beauty.

Tarkovsky died of lung cancer in Paris, at age 54.

Boss (video gaming)

In video games, a boss is a powerful enemy which is much stronger than other normal enemies in the game. Usually a boss is unique, meaning there is only one of it, but sometimes it must be fought more than one time. Bosses are most often found at the end of a level or the game.

Grappling hook

A grappling hook is a hook on a rope used to climb up higher. It can also be used to swing across a gap. In today's world, it is usually used for mountain climbing/rock climbing.

Pegasus

Pegasus (, Pégasos, 'strong') is a flying horse with wings in Greek mythology. He is the son of Poseidon and the Gorgon Medusa. In cartoons and other stories, Pegasus was said to be the horse of the legendary hero Hercules.

The myth of the Pegasus is interesting and educational, and helps us understand an era gone by.

The Pegasus is a white horse with wings that can fly. It is very beautiful, and can only be controlled with a golden bridle given to Bellerophon by Athena.

Long ago, Perseus killed the monster Medusa using a reflective shield and winged sandals. He cut off her head, which had the hair of poisonous snakes and was so ugly it would turn to stone anyone who looked at it straight on, and from her blood sprang the winged horse Pegasus. Some stories say that Perseus rode Pegasus away, but other stories say he left before Pegasus was born. 

Years later, there was a young man named Bellerophon, living in Corinth. Bellerophon had always longed to ride Pegasus, but Pegasus refused to be tamed. Bellerophon decided to pray to Athena, who was the Greek goddess of wisdom. Athena gave him a golden bridle that allowed him to capture Pegasus.

Later, the brother of a king sent Bellerophon on a quest to defeat the Chimera, a legendary beast with the head of a lion that breathed fire, a goat’s head sprouting from its back, and the tail of a snake. Together, they defeated it and Bellerophon was honored. Then Bellerophon decided he wanted to be immortal and tried to fly with Pegasus to Mount Olympus, home of the gods. Zeus, angry, sent a gadfly to sting Pegasus, who bucked Bellerophon back to Earth. 

After Pegasus left Bellerophon, he sired children by horses, and produced offspring, Pegasi. 

Christian Gottlob Neefe

Christian Gottlob Neefe (1748–1798) was Ludwig van Beethoven's first teacher.

Pendant

A pendant is an object that usually hangs from a necklace. The name is from the Latin word "pendere" which means "to hang down".

Australian Classification Board

The Australian Classification Board is a government agency in Australia that controls censorship and classifications. It rates video games, movies, and publications. It was originally created in 1970 as the Office of Film and Literature Classification (OFLC). The name was changed in 2006.

For most media, there are the following ratings:
Refused Classification means that the Classification Board has banned the item from being released in Australia. Any movie or video game under this rating can not be shown in Australia. RC would be the strongest rating by the Australian Classification Board.

Satellaview

The Satellaview is a satellite modem add-on for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System only released in Japan by Nintendo. Nintendo made many games for it usually with "BS" in front of them, including remakes of "The Legend of Zelda" and "". Other companies have also made games for it.

Action adventure game

An action-adventure game is a video game genre that uses gameplay from adventure and action games. Popular games in this genre are "The Legend of Zelda" series, the "Castlevania" series, the "God of War" series and the "Metroid" series. The action-adventure game genre consists of the player, who goes on adventures, that are usually filled with monsters who the character has to fight. 

Steve Miller Band

The Steve Miller Band is an American blues rock band led by Steve Miller.


Ariadne

Ariadne, in Greek mythology, was daughter of King Minos of Crete and his queen, Pasiphaë, daughter of Helios, the Sun-titan. She helped Theseus in defeating the Minotaur (by giving him a length of string to escape the labyrinth). But Theseus abandoned her so she became the consort of the god Dionysus. She is the Greek goddess of passion and mazes.


Bird's eye view

A bird's-eye view is a view of something from above, like from a bird's view. These views allow people to see more and further away in images. Bird's eye view can be found in maps and other forms of pictures, videos and paintings.

Electronic Gaming Monthly

Electronic Gaming Monthly (abbreviated as EGM) is an American video game magazine published by Ziff Davis that started in 1989. It's one of the most popular gaming magazines in America.

Every April Fools' Day, "Electronic Gaming Monthly" does an April Fools' Day joke. One of the most famous is when they said that Sonic and Tails can be found in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" if the player completes a very hard task, and for a long time after that, people thought that they really were in. Sonic later appeared in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".

Nintendo Entertainment Analysis &amp; Development

The Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development Division (Nintendo EAD for short) is Nintendo's biggest game studio. It's responsible for making many of Nintendo's biggest games, including the "Mario" series and "The Legend of Zelda" series.

Tiel

The town is sourrounded by the rivers Waal and Linge on the south and the north side. The Amsterdam-Rhine Canal is on the east side. The city was founded in the 5th century. The whole municipality has about 41,500 inhabitants. The town's mascot is a fruit man called "Flipje". Flipje used to be the mascot for a local jam factory, but is now an icon for the whole of Tiel.

Zanskar Range

The Zanskar Range is spread over a vast area from southeastern boundaries of the state of Kashmir and extends in the northwest direction to the eastern limits of Baltistan. It separates Ladakh from the valleys of Kashmir and the Chenab River.
In other words it serves as a boundary line between Ladakh region of Kashmir and the remaining two regions of the state i.e. Jammu region and Vale of Kashmir. 23000 feet high peak Nunkun is within this range. Marbal Pass and many other passes which connect Ladakh with Kashmir are in this area, 13000 feet high Zojila Pass is in the extreme northwest of Zanskar range. This range, in fact is a branch of the great Himalayan range of mountains. Many rivers start in different branches of this range flow northward, and join the great Indus River. These rivers include Hanle River, Khurna River, Zanskar River, Suru River (Indus), and Shingo River.
It also separates Kinnaur from Spiti in Himachal Pradesh. The highest peaks of Himachal are in Zanskar range.

Karakoram

The Karakoram is a Mountain range in Asia. The name is from a Turkic word meaning "back gravel". It is mainly located in China, India, and Pakistan. Parts of the range extend into Afghanistan and Kyrgyzstan. Many of its mountains are in the regions of Gilgit-Baltistan, Ladakh, and Xinjiang. It is the second highest mountain range in the world. The Karakoram is part of a complex of mountain ranges that also includes the Himalaya, Hindu Kush, and Pamir ranges. The range has eight mountains with tops over high. Four of these are higher than . They are K2, Gasherbrum I, Broad Peak, and Gasherbrum II. K2 is the world's second highest peak.

The range is about long and it covers a tract about broad. Karakoram separates the State of Kashmir from China, and South-central Asian States. It also protects Kashmir from the extreme cold winds of Siberia. There are over 300 peaks with an elevation between and high. Karakoram is the most glaciated part of the world outside the polar regions. Glaciers cover about 28-50% of the mountains in the range. This is much higher than the Himalayan average of 8-12%. Some of the famous glaciers are the Siachen Glacier ( long) and Biafo Glacier (long). These are the second and third longest glaciers in the world, outside the polar region. Many hilly lakes and hot-water springs are also located in Karakoram. The valleys are sources to many rivers and streams which drain in the Indus River. 

The high Karakoram Pass connects Kashmir with the Central Asian states. It is considered to be a historical route. Shaksgam Pass, Aghil Pass, and Khunjerab Pass are also in this range of mountains.

Hindu Kush

The Hindu Kush is a range of mountains. It starts near Pamir in the north of Gilgit extending in the southwest deep into the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, Tirich Mir is here. On the west of this range is the Wakhan corridor of Afghanistan which separates Gilgit Agency from Tajikistan. This tract of land was formed under an agreement between the governments of the Empires of Russia and Britain in 1890. It was annexed with Afghanistan to serve as a neutral zone between the two empires. 

The passes of Mintaka Pass, Kilik Pass, Chilinji Pass and Kuramber Pass are in the Hindu Kush range and connect Kashmir with the central Asian states. Many rivers including the Chapursan River, Ishkuman River, Ghizar River, Gilgit River and Shandur River originate in the valleys of Hindu kush and ultimately join the Indus River.

Deosai Mountains

Deosai Mountains are between the Vale of Kashmir, Gilgit Agency and Baltistan District. There is also a large plain with an area of 580 sq miles, with the same name Deosai. The whole area is uninhabited, surrounded by rocky mountains, at an elevation of 16,000 to 17,000 feet. The road leading to Skardu from Gurez passes through the Deosai Plains. Tragbal Pass and Burzil Pass, in this area, connect the Valley of Kashmir with Baltistan and Gilgit.

Harmukh Mountain

Harmukh is a branch of great Himalayan range which is between the valleys of Jhelum and Neelum in the north eastern part of Kashmir Valley to the north of Srinagar. Excepting the mornings and evening, the mountain is always covered by clouds. Name of the 16980 feet high peak is also Harmukh. The peak is square shaped and can be viewed from all the sides therefore the name "Harmukh". Sarbalnag spring is on the top of Harmukh mountain.

Sulaiman Mountains

The Sulaiman Mountains (; Balochi/Urdu/), or the Kesai Mountains are a major feature of southeastern Afghanistan (Zabul, most of Loya Paktia and northeastern Kandahar province), South Waziristan, and most of northern Balochistan province of Pakistan. They are one of the bordering ranges between the Iranian Plateau and the South Asia. Bordering the Sulaiman Range to the north are the arid highlands of the Hindu Kush Range, with more than 50 percent of the lands there lying above 2,000 m (6,500 feet). The Sulaiman Range, and the high plateau to the west and southwest of it, helps form a natural barrier against the humid winds that blow from the Indian Ocean, creating arid conditions across Southern Afghanistan to the north. In contrast, the relatively flat and low-lying Indus River Delta is situated due east and south of the Sulaiman Mountains. This lush delta is prone to heavy flooding and is mostly uncultivated wilderness.

Rivers that flow from the Sulaiman mountain system include the Dori River and the Gomal River. 

There are very few plants on the southern slope. In the central part, there are wild olives, pistachios and orchards of apples and cherries, as well as wild almonds and junipers. There are junipers and alpines. Ziarat District is a tourist attraction, famous for its large juniper forests.

Salt Range

The Salt Range is a hill system in the Punjab province of Pakistan, deriving its name from its extensive deposits of rock salt. The range extends from the Jhelum River to the Indus River, across the northern portion of the Punjab province. The Salt Range contains the great mines of Mayo, Khewra, Warcha and Kalabagh, which yield vast supplies of salt. Coal of a medium quality is also found.

Toba Kakar Range

The Toba Kakar Mountains are a Southern offshoot of the Himalayas in the Balochistan region of Pakistan. The historical route through the mountains is known as the Bolan Pass, and though the mountains are sometimes inaccurately referred to as the "Brahui Mountains", Brahui is the term for an ethnic group that lives in the region, and their language.

Ladakh Range

The Ladakh Range is a segment of the Karakoram Range, that extends southeastward for 230 miles (370 km) from the mouth of the Shyok River in the Ladakh region to the Tibetan/Chinese border. With a crest line of about 20,000 feet (6,100 m), the range parallels the northeast bank of the Indus River.

Kiki's Delivery Service

Kiki's Delivery Service, known in Japan as , is a movie about a witch named Kiki who goes to live on her own for a year, just like all witches must do at her age. It's the fifth anime movie made at Studio Ghibli, and is the only movie from the studio to be owned by Disney instead of Turner Entertainment. It's based on the novel of the same name.

It begins with her listening to the radio and hears that there will be a full moon and runs to tell her mother she is leaving to start her training. She then leaves with a cat, Jiji, and while flying on her broom stick, runs into another witch who acts snobby. She then finds a town:Koriko, lives with a pregnant women who runs a bakery with her husband, starts a delivery service. After that, she gets a good friend;Kokiri. But suddenly Kiki loses her magical power so she can't fly with a broom stick and talk with her cat;Jiji. One day, Kokiri is involved in an accident airship.

Kiki is the main character of this movie, And is a witch. She can fly with a broom stick and has a cat named Jiji. She goes to Koriko town to train as a witch for one year away from home. In this town, she meets Osono and she runs her delivery service in a bakery.

Jiji is the black cat. He is Kiki' partner and his birthday is same with Kiki. He can talk with Kiki by using Kiki's magical power. He loves a white cat;Lily.CV:Rei Sakuma
Kokiri is Kiki's mother. And she is witche. She can fly with a broom stick and make a medicine from medical plants.CV:Meiko Nobusawa
Okino is Kiki's father.CV:Ko^ichi Miura
Tombo(Kobori) is a boy living in Koriko town. "Tombo" is his nickname and "Kobori" is his real name. He has a longing for flying.CV:Kappei Yamaguchi
Osono is the bakery owner in Koriko town. She met Kiki by chance, and she allowed Kiki to live her house. She was pregnant woman and finally she has a baby. CV:Keiko Toda
Fukuo is the baker and Osono's husband. He is a quiet and playful person. Also, his name don't be called in the movie. CV:Koichi Yamadera
Ursula is painter. She lives in the forest. When Kiki felt down about her delivery service, Ursula provide Kiki with encouragement. Also, her name is not said in the movie. CV: Minami Takayama
Maki is fashion designer. She is first customer of Kiki's Delivery Service. She lives next to bakery with a white cat. The name of cat is lily.CV:Kikuko Inoue

The Castle of Cagliostro

The Castle of Cagliostro, known in Japan as is an anime movie made by Hayao Miyazaki. It's a movie in the "Lupin III" anime series, starring the character Arsène Lupin III, an infamous gentleman thief.

The prequel to this movie is "Mystery of Mamo". The sequel is "The Legend of the Gold of Babylon".

Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea



Howl's Moving Castle (movie)

The movie stars the following actors:


Saros

Saros or Sáros could mean:


Trauma center

A trauma center is a hospital equipped to be able to help patients 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

Academia

Academia is a word for higher education and research. The word comes from the "akademeia" just outside ancient Athens, where the gymnasium was made famous by Plato.



Biblical studies

Biblical studies is the academic study of the Judeo-Christian Bible and other similar books. For Christianity, the Bible has the New Testament and Old Testament together, which are often called the "Scriptures."



Isaac Hayes

Isaac Hayes (August 20, 1942 – August 10, 2008) was an American soul singer, songwriter, and actor. He was also known for playing Chef in "South Park", but joined Scientology took over his life and quit South Park for him without his permission according to his own son, which was his religion. He won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for the theme from "Shaft", a 1971 movie.

Hayes was found on the floor of his house on August 10, 2008. He was taken to the hospital. He died there, of a stroke.

Operation Searchlight

Operation Searchlight was a planned military operation by the Pakistani Army to stop the Bengali nationalist movement in East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) in March 1971. It was ordered by the government in West Pakistan and was seen as the sequel to Operation Blitz, which had been launched in November 1970. 
The Pakistani Army was endorsed and supported by the US under Nixon Administration and the Bengalis by by India and the USSR. The US objective was to curb Soviet influence in South Asia and win Pakistan as an ally. 
Pakistan lost the war, resulting in the Independence of Bangladesh. All US objectives were failed.

Associativity

Associative property is a property of mathematical operations (like addition and multiplication). It means that if you have more than one of the same associative operator (like +) in a row, the order of operations does not matter.
For example, if you have formula_1, there are two plus signs (+) in a row. This means we can add it in either this order:

Or this order:

The answer comes out the same both ways because addition is associative.
In other words, associativity means:

Not all operations are associative. Subtraction is not associative, which means:

This is true because:
And:
Also, associativity is different from commutativity, which lets you move the numbers around.

Disney's Nine Old Men

Disney's Nine Old Men were a group of animators who were very important names for Disney. They made many important works of Disney, from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs to The Fox and the Hound. Although the men of the group were all young, Walt Disney called them Nine Old Men as a reference to Franklin D. Roosevelt calling the US Supreme Court nine old men.

The Nine Old Men were:










By the time "Robin Hood" was released, only four of the Nine Old Men were still animating at Disney. They were Milt Kahl, John Lounsbery, Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston, although Eric Larson and Wolfgang Reitherman were both working for Disney, but not as animators. Lounsbery died in 1976, Kahl retired the same year and died in 1987. Thomas and Johnston retired in 1978, and both later enjoyed cameo appearances in the Brad Bird-directed movies "The Iron Giant" (Warner Bros., 1999) and "The Incredibles" (Pixar, 2004). Thomas died shortly after that, in 2004, leaving Johnston as the last living "Old Man." He died on April 14, 2008.


Ollie Johnston

Oliver Martin Johnston, Jr. (October 31, 1912 – April 14, 2008) was an American movie animator. He was one of Disney's Nine Old Men, and the last one living. He also got the National Medal of Arts in 2005. He was a good friend of Frank Thomas, another animator who was also one of the Nine Old Men. They wrote "", a book about animation. Johnston's hobby throughout his life was trains.



Enter Shikari

Enter Shikari are a post-hardcore band from St Albans, Hertfordshire, England. The band is named after the Hindi word "Shikari" meaning hunter.
The band have played at festivals such as Reading and Leeds.

They are known for songs such as "Sorry You're Not a Winner", "Arguing With Thermometers", "Juggernauts" and "Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour". They have an album called "Common Dreads" that contains "Common Dreads", "Solidarity", "Step Up", "Juggernauts", "Wall", "Zzzonked", "Havoc A", "No Sleep Tonight", "Gap in the Fence", "Havoc B", "Antwerpen", "The Jester", "Halcyon (Intro)", "Hectic" and "Fanfare for the Conscious Man".

Their third album released by Enter Shikari includes songs such as "Arguing With Thermometers" and "Warm smiles do not make you welcome". The final tour in support of this album was named "Flash flood of Christmas".

"Take to the Skies" was the debut studio album by Enter Shikari. It was released on March 25, 2007 by Christopher Bowman Records.


Random House

Random House is the biggest English-language book publisher in the world. It is owned by the large German media company Bertelsmann. Random House was founded in 1927 by Bennett Cerf and Donald Klopfer. The publisher's main office in the United States is located at 1745 Broadway in Manhattan. In October 2018, Penguin Random House merged two of its most known publishing lines, Random House and the Crown Publishing Group. In 2019, Penguin Random House acquired British children's book publisher Little Tiger Group (including American subsidiary Tiger Tales Press) and added it to Random House Children's Books. 


Dr. Seuss

Theodor Seuss Geisel (; March 2, 1884 – December 12, 2009) was an American writer and cartoonist. He was better known by his pen name, Dr. Seuss. After World War I he was a sophomore in high school. He wasn't interested in sports but still went to school and did daily activities. He pronounced his name , but it is often said as .

In his long life Geisel wrote more than 60 books. He started to write his stories because when he opened his window he heard the animals from the nearby zoo. Geisel wrote most of his books using the name Dr. Seuss. However, he also wrote 13 books using the name Theo. LeSieg. He also wrote one book using the name Rosetta Stone"—"the same name as the Rosetta Stone. Many people know and like Theodor Seuss Geisel's work as a children's author. His books are known for catchy phrases. His books have sold over 222 million copies and been translated into more than 15 languages. After his death in 1991, several books have been published based on his sketches and notes; these include "Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!" and "Daisy-Head Mayzie". Though they were all published under the name Dr. Seuss, only "My Many Colored Days", originally written in 1973, was entirely by Geisel. Before his death, he sold 200 million copies of his books. One museum in Springfield, Massachusetts is completely about Geisel and his books.

Dr. Seuss died in La Jolla, Califoina age 87.






False vampire bat

The false vampire bats ("Megaderma") are a subfamliy of bats. They are two species that occur in Asia. There are two living species, the lesser tailed vampire bat ("Megaderma spasma") and the greater tailed vampire bat ("Megaderma lyra") . They are unrelated to the vampire bats (which only occur in South America). Unlike the vampire bats, they also do not feed on blood, but are insectivores. They are also unrelated to the spectral bat (which is called "Vampyrum", but which is an omnivore)

Centaur (planetoid)

A Centaur in astronomy is a small object like an asteroid that orbits or goes around the Sun between the planets Jupiter and Neptune. It can also rarely be found around the planet Mars. Centaurs are also known as outer planet crossers.

List of settlements in Thailand

Thailand divides its municipalities ("thesaban") into three levels - cities about the quantity of inhabitants, ("thesaban nakhon"), towns ("thesaban mueang") and townships ("thesaban tambon").

The national capital Bangkok (pop. 5,678,003: May 2006) and the special governed city Pattaya (Population 96,859: May 2006) are outside of these divisions.

23 cities

City, Province - Population ( May 2006 )

117 towns
1,024 townships

Sidcup

Sidcup is a suburban town in Greater London, and is in the London Borough of Bexley. It is southeast of Charing Cross. 

For many years, Sidcup's Member of Parliament, as part of the Old Bexley and Sidcup constituency was Edward Heath, who was Prime Minister from 1970 to 1974.


Quentin Blake

Sir Quentin Saxby Blake (born 16 December 1932) is a British author and illustrator of children's books. He is most known for his drawings in books written by Roald Dahl.

Blake went to Chislehurst and Sidcup Grammar School. His first published drawing was for "Punch" magazine, at the age of 16. He studied English Literature at Downing College, Cambridge (1953-6) and later studied at the Chelsea School of Art. He trained as a teacher at the Institute of Education before working at the Royal College of Art.

Blake gained a reputation as an illustrator of over 300 children's books. His work in Roald Dahl's books made him internationally famous. As well as his work with Dahl, Blake has also written several books of his own.


This is a list only of books both written and illustrated by Blake.





Chassis

A chassis (, ; plural "chassis" from French châssis ) (plural chassis) consists of a framework that supports an inanimate (non-living) object. This is much like an animal's skeleton, for example in a car.

In a car, the term chassis means the frame (the metal "skeleton") plus the engine, transmission (gear shift), driveshaft, differential (gears which keep the back wheels moving correctly), and suspension (springs which keep the car above the ground). A body, which is usually not necessary to keep the car together, is built on top of the chassis to complete the car.




Green Eggs and Ham

Green Eggs and Ham is a book by Dr. Seuss. It was first published in 1960. "Publishers Weekly" says that it had sold fourth-most copies of any children's book ever as of 2001. In this story, Sam-I-Am pesters Guy-Am-I to eat green eggs and ham. However, Guy refuses, insisting that he does not like them until the end. It received an animated adaption in 1973.

"Green Eggs and Ham" is one of Seuss's "Beginner Books", written using very simple words for beginning readers. There are only fifty different words, of which 49 have only one syllable. The one exception is "anywhere". The fifty words used are: "a, am, and, anywhere, are, be, boat, box, car, could, dark, do, eat, eggs, fox, goat, good, green, ham, here, house, I, if, in, let, like, may, me, mouse, not, on, or, rain, Sam, say, see, so, thank, that, the, them, there, they, train, tree, try, will, with, would, you". 45 of the 50 words (all words except "box", "car", "Sam", "train" and "try") are Germanic.


Super Castlevania IV

Super Castlevania IV, known in Japan as is an adventure platforming video game made by Konami for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It appeared on the Wii's Virtual Console too. It's a retelling of "Castlevania", and the main character is Simon Belmont. 

Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin

Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin, known in Japan as , is an Action RPG video game made by Konami for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console. It's the second game release for the system, and has a sequel that's going to be released called "".

"Portrait of Ruin" is a sidescrolling action game that has gameplay from platform games and role-playing games like jumping to reach higher areas and leveling up.

Claude Lévi-Strauss

Claude Lévi-Strauss (; 28 November 1908 – 30 October 2009) was a French anthropologist. He was born to French Jewish parents in Brussels. He grew up in Paris. He came up with structural anthropology, which is the idea that people think about the world in terms of opposites—such as high and low, inside and outside, life and death—and that every culture can be understood in terms of these opposites. "From the very start," he wrote, "the process of visual perception makes use of binary oppositions." ["Structuralism and Ecology", 1972]



Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow

Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow, known in Japan as is an action-adventure video game made by Konami for the Game Boy Advance handheld game console. It is part of the "Castlevania" series, and the third "Castlevania" game on the Game Boy Advance. It stars a young man named Soma Cruz who is sent to Dracula's castle along with other people. It has a sequel called "" for the Nintendo DS.

Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse

Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse, known in Japan as , is an action platforming video game made by Konami for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It's the third game released in the "Castlevania" series, and stars Trevor Blemont, Simon Belmont's ancestor. It takes place 215 years before "Castlevania I" and "".

North Tyrol

North Tyrol, or North Tirol (German and Austro-Bavarian: Nordtirol) is the main part of the Austrian state of Tyrol, located in the western part of the country. The other part of the state is East Tyrol, which also belongs to Austria, but does not share a border with North Tyrol. 

Besides those two regions, the historical region of Tyrol also included the areas today known as Bolzano-Bozen and Trento for many centuries. They were annexed by Italy after World War I which made North Tyrol and East Tyrol effectively cut off from each other.

North Tyrol borders Salzburg in the east, the German state of Bavaria in the north, Vorarlberg in the west, the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southwest and Bolzano-Bozen in the south. Its capital is Innsbruck.

Trauma Center: New Blood

Trauma Center: New Blood, known in Japan as is a medical simulation video game made by Atlus for the Wii game console. It's the third game in the "Trauma Center" series, and stars different characters than in "" and "".

Trauma Center: Second Opinion

Trauma Center: Second Opinion, known in Japan as , is a medical simulation video game made by Atlus for the Wii game console. It's the second game in the "Trauma Center" series, and a remake of "" for the Nintendo DS. It adds a new way to control the medical tools and adds a new story to go with the old one. Another Wii title was released called "", and there was a sequel on the DS called "". It was a Wii launch game in North America and Japan.

Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2

Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2, known in Japan as is a surgical simulation video game. It was made by Atlus for the Nintendo DS game console. It's the fourth game in the "Trauma Center" series, and a direct sequel to "" also for the DS. It stars Derek Stiles and Angie Thompson and their work saving patients and fighting the GUILT virus.

Members of Caduceus

Members of Delphi

Note: Since most characters in Delphi operate under codenames, if no real name is given then only the codename will be listed.

Castlevania II: Simon's Quest

Castlevania II: Simon's Quest, known in Japan as , is an action-adventure video game made by Konami for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It's a part of the "Castlevania" series and a sequel to the NES' "Castlevania".

Castlevania (video game)

Castlevania, known in Japan as , is an action platforming video game made by Konami for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It's the first game in the "Castlevania" series. It stars Simon Belmont, a vampire hunter, who has to battle against Dracula and his minions. It's had many sequels and is still a popular series.

Spectral bat

The genus Vampyrum contains only one species, the Spectral bat ("V. spectrum"). Some alternate names for this species are 'Linnaeus's False vampire bat' and the 'Spectral Vampire bat'. Confusingly, they are not related to the Old World family of large carnivorous bats to be found in the Megadermatidae that are also called false vampires. The animals occur in South America, and Trinidad and Tobago.

This species is the largest bat (Chiroptera) in the New World. Its wingspan is about 80 cm (almost 3 feet). Body length and weight are 125-35 mm and 145-190 grams respectively. Some animals reach wingspans of over a metre. The fur on the upper parts of the bat is normally brown or rust-orange and quite short. The ears are very long and rounded. The large feet are robust, with long curved claws. The muzzle is long and narrow, and the teeth are strong. The Noseleaf is shaped as in the photograph. 

The bats are very good at hunting at night. They are predators. Their prey includes many vertebrates, such as amphibians, reptiles, small birds and mammals- they even hunt other bat species. Insects are also included, especially large crickets, cicadas etc. Surprisingly, a small amount of fruit is also eaten.

When hunting, this species is extremely stealthy. It will often pounce from a position on an above branch onto its prey or fly like some owls by patrolling back and forth along forest edges, suddenly dropping on something in the grass. One young or pup is produced each year, and the mother is very attentive and gentle with her offspring. The male is always in attendance too and will frequently sleep with both mother and young completely wrapped in his wings.


Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow

Emmanuelle

Emmanuelle is the lead character in a series of French softcore based on a character created by Emmanuelle Arsan in the novel "Emmanuelle" (1959). Starting in the 1970s, many very successful movies were made from the book (and its sequels).

At the 2008 Cannes Film Festival, Alain Siritzky said that a worldwide search was to begin for a new Emmanuelle to star in a new series of movies.


Millvina Dean

Eliza Gladys "Millvina" Dean (2 February 1912 – 31 May 2009) was a British civil servant, cartographer, and the last living survivor of the sinking of the RMS Titanic on 15 April 1912. At two months old, she was also the youngest passenger aboard.

She was two months old when she went on the Titanic with her mother, father, and brother. When the Titanic hit an iceberg, her father felt it and told his wife to get her children dressed and go to the deck, or front, of the ship. Dean, her mother, and her brother all got into a lifeboat and got away from the sinking Titanic. Her father did not survive.

Dean started to take part in Titanic-related activities when she was in her seventies, and did not like it when forms of entertainment use the Titanic. The only Titanic movie she watched was "A Night to Remember", and she hated it as it was too painful for her to watch.

She became the last living Titanic survivor when Barbara West died on 16 October 2007. West, unlike Dean, did not want any publicity from the Titanic.

 

Castlevania: Symphony of the Night

Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, known in Japan as , is a 2D action-adventure video game made by Konami for the PlayStation and Sega Saturn game consoles. It's a direct sequel to "Akumajō Dracula X Chi no Rondo". It also appeared on the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade and on PlayStation 3's PSN, and on the PlayStation Portable game "".

Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan


Elite Beat Agents

Elite Beat Agents is a music video game made by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console. It's the spiritual sequel to "Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan". The gameplay has the player tap and drag on spots on the touch screen in beat to the rhythm of the music to score points. It was released under the Touch! Generations label in North America. In South Korea, it's called "Dowajweo! Rhythm Hero" (; Help! Rhythm Hero).



Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan 2


Wars (series)

The Wars series is a series of video games made by Nintendo that has appeared on many Nintendo systems starting with the Nintendo Entertainment System. Its first game is "Famicom Wars", and it has a spin-off called "Battalion Wars". The series is often called "Advance Wars", since the main games are called "Advance Wars" in English.


Russo-Georgian War

The 2008 South Ossetia war was a military conflict that started on 8 August 2008, between Georgia, South Ossetian (and Abkhazian) secessionists and Russia.

South Ossetia and Abkhazia are territories within Georgia that declared independence from Georgia and have been acting in a "de facto" independent capacity since the early 1990s. Neither state has been diplomatically recognised by any member of the United Nations. The conflict began on August 8, 2008, after Georgia claimed South Ossetian separatists had broken a ceasefire by attacking villages, although South Ossetian officials deny that they attacked villages. Georgia launched a military offensive to surround and capture the capital of South Ossetia, Tskhinvali.

Russian military troops entered the war at the side of South Ossetia and won the conflict. Georgia launched the Georgia versus Russia (Hague court application, 2008)
in the International Court of Justice.

The war ended on Saturday August 16th, 2008.




Horst-Wessel-Lied

The Horst-Wessel-Lied ("Horst Wessel Song"), also known as "Die Fahne hoch" ("The flag on high", from its opening line), was the anthem of the Nazi Party from 1930 to 1945. From 1933 to 1945 it was also part of Germany's national anthem.
The words of the song were composed in 1929 by Horst Wessel, a Nazi activist and local commander of the Nazi militia, the Sturmabteilung, in the Berlin district of Friedrichshain. Wessel was assassinated by a Communist activist in January 1930, and the propaganda apparatus of Berlin Gauleiter Dr Joseph Goebbels made him the leading martyr of the Nazi Movement. The song became the official Song of Consecration ("Weihelied") for the Nazi Party, and was much used at party functions and sung by the SA during street parades.

When the Nazis came to power in 1933, the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" was made a national symbol by a law issued on May 19, 1933. Nazi Germany thus had a double anthem, consisting of the first verse of the "Deutschlandlied" followed by the "Horst Wessel-Lied". A regulation attached to a printed version of the "Horst Wessel-Lied" in 1934 required the right arm to be raised in a "Hitler salute" when the first and fourth verses were sung.

With the fall of the Nazi regime in 1945, the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" was banned, and both the lyrics and the tune remain illegal in Germany and Austria to this day except for educational and scholarly uses (under sections 86 and 86a of the "Strafgesetzbuch").

The lyrics of the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" were published in the Berlin Nazi newspaper, "Der Angriff", in September 1929, attributed to "Der Unbekannte SA-Mann" ("the Unknown SA-Man"), as follows:

The "Rotfront" ("Red Front") was a reference to the Rotfrontkämpferbund, a communist militia tied to the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). It was common for Nazis' Sturmabteilung and Communists' Redfront to attack each other in violent street fights, which eventually grew into full-scale battles after 1930. "Reaction" was a reference to the conservative parties and the liberal democratic German state of the Weimar Republic period, which made several unsuccessful attempts to ban the SA. "Servitude" means what the Nazis saw as Germany's "servitude" to the Treaty of Versailles of 1919, which imposed huge reparations on Germany and deprived her of her colonies and territory along her eastern border.

Some changes were made to the lyrics after Wessel's death:

The dropping of the reference to "barricades" reflected the Nazi Party's desire in the period 1930-33 to be seen as a constitutional political party aiming at taking power by legal means rather than as a revolutionary party.

The line "Kameraden, die Rotfront und Reaktion erschossen" is bad German, but it was never amended.

After Wessel's death, new stanzas were composed in his honour. These were frequently sung by the SA but did not become part of the official lyrics used on party or state occasions.

After Wessel's death, he was officially credited with having composed the melody as well as having written the lyrics. Between 1930 and 1933, however, German critics disputed this claim, pointing out that the melody had a long prior history. Such criticism became impossible after 1933.

The most likely immediate source for the melody was a song popular in the German Imperial Navy during World War I, which Wessel would no doubt have heard being sung by Navy veterans in the Berlin of the 1920s. The song was known either by its opening line as "Vorbei, vorbei, sind all die schönen Stunden", or as the "Königsberg-Lied", after the German light cruiser "Königsberg", which is mentioned in one version of the song's lyrics. The opening stanza of the song is:

Another German song, "Der Abenteurer" (The Adventurer), begins:
In 1936 a German music critic, Alfred Weidemann, published an article in which he identified the melody of a song composed in 1865 by the Weimar composer Peter Cornelius as the "Urmelodie" (source-melody). According to Weidemann, Cornelius described the tune as a "Viennese folk tune." This appeared to him to be the ultimate origin of the melody of the "Horst-Wessel-Lied". 
The musical score is much more complex than the text of the song; given its characteristics, it could easily be sung even by people without much singing practice, and be played by amateur bands. Often, fanfares were used to give a more military touch to the tune. 
See also the Wikipedia article on Carl Boberg (1859-1940), particularly the note on similarities and dissimilarities between "Horst Wessel Lied" and the Swedish tune O STORE GUD (widely sung as "How Great Thou Art").

During the 1930s and '40s the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" was adapted for use by fascist groups in other European countries. The anthem of the British Union of Fascists was set to the same tune, and its lyrics were to some extent modelled on the "Horst-Wessel-Lied", but appealing to British nationalism rather than German nationalism. Its opening stanza was:

In Spain, the Falange fascist movement sang to the same tune:

While in Vichy France the fascists of the radical Milice sang:

Between 1930 and 1933 the German Communists and Social Democrats sang various parodies of the "Horst-Wessel-Lied" during their street battles with the SA. Some simply changed the political character of the song, such as:

The Stahlhelm was a veterans' organisation closely aligned with the Nazis.

Others substituted completely new lyrics:

Ernst Thälmann was the KPD leader.

These versions were of course banned once the Nazis came to power and the Communist and Social Democratic parties repressed. But during the years of the Third Reich the song was parodied in various underground versions, most of them poking fun at the corruption of the Nazi elite. One version ran:

Wilhelm Frick was the Interior Minister. Baldur von Schirach was the Hitler Youth leader. Heinrich Himmler was head of the SS and police.

In the first year of the Nazi regime radical elements of the SA sang their own parody of the song, reflecting their disappointment that the "socialist" element of National Socialism had not been realised:

Kurt Schmitt was Economics Minister 1933-35.

This article is largely based on George Boderick, "The Horst-Wessel-Lied: A Reappraisal," "International Folklore Review" Vol. 10 (1995): 100-127, available online here 


Identity (philosophy)

Identity is an word used in the social sciences to describe a person's understanding of him or herself as an individual. 


Philip Gidley King

Philip Gidley King (April 23, 1758 – September 3, 1808) was a sailor in the British Royal Navy who became the third Governor of New South Wales.

King was born in Launceston, Cornwall. His father was a draper, selling cloth and fabrics. He joined the navy in 1770 at the age of 12. He was made the captain's servant on the "HMS Swallow". He served in the West Indies and then fought in the American War of Independence. He became a midshipman and later a lieutenant. He served with Captain Arthur Phillip in "HMS Ariadne". He went to India with Phillip in 1783 in the ship "HMS Europe". Phillip was very pleased with King. He made King a lieutenant on HMS "Sirius" when he took the First Fleet to Australia in 1787 to start the penal colony.

Three weeks after the First Fleet got to Sydney, Governor Phillip sent King to Norfolk Island. His task was to set up a small penal colony that would make use of the timber and flax growing on the island. These would be of use to the British Navy. He arrived at the island on March 3, 1788. There was no safe place to land on the island and this made it a difficult place to have a settlement. King had a group of 23 people including 15 convicts. Over the next two years they began clearing land (removing trees) to grow crops and to raise cattle and other animals. King was made Lieutenant-Governor of Norfolk Island. In March 1790, Phillip sent King back to England. He was to go back and tell the British government about the problems of the new settlements in Australia.

King stayed in London for about four months. He married Anna Josepha Coombe on March 11, 1791, and they left for Australia four days later. After reporting to Phillip in Sydney, they were back on Norfolk Island in November, where his son Phillip Parker King was born.

While he had been away, Norfolk had been governed by Lieutenant-Governor Robert Ross. Phillip had moved Ross to the island because of his difficulties in working with him at Sydney. When King arrived, the convicts, settlers and soldiers were very unhappy because of Ross's leadership. King made new rules, which made things better for people who wanted to settle on the island, many of whom had been marines or convicts. In 1794 the island was growing all of the wheat it needed, and had so many pigs it was able to send food to Sydney.

The flax on the island was too hard to turn into cloth. Two Maoris from New Zealand were kidnapped and brought to Norfolk to teach people how to work the flax. The two men did not know about flax, because in New Zealand it was work done by the women. In November 1793, King left the island for ten days to take the men back home. He did not have permission to leave and got into trouble from Lieutenant-Governor Francis Grose. King also had problems with many of the soldiers. They said he punished them more than the convicts. King arrested 20 soldiers and charged them with mutiny, and sent them to Sydney. Grose released the soldiers and told the soldiers on Norfolk that they were in charge, not King. These orders were later changed by the Duke of Portland.

King became ill with gout, and in October 1796 Governor John Hunter let him go back to England to get medical treatment.

He soon became better with proper medical treatment. He began to look for work, and Phillip wanted the government to send him back to New South Wales to be the new governor. After many delays, he set out for Australia in a new ship partly designed by Sir Joseph Banks. This ship turned out to be unsafe, and could not sail in rough seas. King was forced to return to England. After further delays, he finally sailed on the ship "Speedy," and arrived in Sydney on November 26, 1799.

Hunter remained in charge until he could arrange to sail back to England in Spetember, 1800. King as the new governor, immediately set about to try and make changes. He wanted to control the amount of alcohol being brought to Australia by the military and sold at a profit. For example, the two surgeons that came to Australia on the "Speedy" had brought 4359 gallons (19,816 litres) of alcohol to sell. He tried to get merchants in Calcutta and the US not to send alcohol. He started a brewery to make beer, hoping this would be less of a problem than the alcohol like rum.

King arranged for the government to bring in supplies for sale at a reasonable price, which ended the power of some of the military. He also brought in controls over prices, wages, working hours, baking, butchers, interest rates, weights, measures and currency. He reduced the number of convict servants that the military officers could have. He arranged for more convicts to be put to work on farms and projects like building roads, guard houses, and granaries. The new colony began to grow all of its own food. King looked at ways to increase the food supply and arranged for the import of sheep and cattle to build up stocks. King also began to employ convicts who had finished their prison sentences, called emancipists. He started a school for female orphans, a newspaper (the Sydney Gazette), and even had people vaccinated for smallpox.

King was often in conflict with the military, the New South Wales Corps. As soldiers, they did not like taking orders from a naval officer. They felt that their duties were to protect New South Wales, and not to be responsible for the convicts. They wanted the colony to be run like a prison, even though there was no other people but them to run it. They objected to freed convicts being given any rights or land. King's changes had also upset their money making schemes through the sale of alcohol and other goods. King's orders were often ignored or disobeyed. In 1801 he sent an officer, John Macarthur, back to England to be tried for refusing orders and fighting a duel with his commanding officer. Instead of going to trial, Macarthur was able to make the British government believe that he was innocent, and all the problem were caused by King's lack of ability. Macarthur left the army and returned to Australia in July 1805 as a hero, having been told he could have of the best land. King asked for leave, and was told his resignation was accepted.

King had to stay until August 1806 so that a new governor could be sent out. His health broke down and he was not fit to sail until February 1807. He reached England in November 1807. King died on September 3, 1808, and was buried in London.

First Fleet

The First Fleet is the name given to the 11 ships that sailed from Great Britain on 13 May 1787, to start the first European colony in New South Wales. It was the beginning of a plan to send thousands of prisoners to Australia to make convict settlements. The fleet was led by Captain Arthur Phillip. This journey lasted eight months, and used a route across the oceans that had only been used three times; once by Abel Tasman and twice by James Cook.

The 18th century was a time of great change in Europe, and especially in England. There was an industrial revolution. This was when many machines were being invented for use in large factories. With machines now doing the ordinary tasks of men, people were left without jobs and wages. This made it very difficult to survive. Men, women and even children resorted to theft in order to live. With the rise of machines, farmers were also forced to move to the city to look for jobs. As a result, London had become very overcrowded, and so had the prisons. In fact, prisons had become so overcrowded that convicts had been relegated to hulks (floating prisons). 

To solve the problem, the British Government made the decision to settle what is now Australia in order to transport convicts and soldiers to a new penal settlement in Botany Bay.

There were 11 ships altogether. Two navy ships, six convict transports and three store ships.

The convicts were housed below deck and often further confined behind bars. Conditions were extremely cramped. In many cases the prisoners were restrained in chains and were only allowed on deck for fresh air and exercise. On deck, thick wooden walls were built to separate the convicts from the rest of the ship. The walls had small holes in them so the guards could shoot in case of trouble. The hatches (doors up to the deck) were kept shut with cross bars, bolts and locks. Guards were almost always on duty at each hatch, and a guard with a gun was always on the quarter-deck (back of the ship). People slept in hammocks and there were tables for eating and stools to sit on. 

The prisoners were gathered from places throughout England - Wiltshire, Devonshire, Surry, Dorset, Gloucestershire, Somersetshire, Plymouth and London - many had already been locked up for several years in various prisons under appalling conditions and were in a poor state of health. Many, especially those from smaller country jails were not in good health. Captain Phillip thought that he might have to make one of the ships a hospital ship to care for the sick. Newspapers wrote that they expected about 80% of the convicts would not survive the long journey. Before they even left England, several of the convicts died and some of marines were so sick that they were removed from the ships. However the number of people that died on the trip was quite small, and shows that the planning and treatment of the convicts during the journey was actually successful. Most had put on weight and were healthier when they arrived in Australia than when they left England.

The First Fleet left Portsmouth, England on 13 May 1787. The entire journey took 252 days (a little over 8 months). From England, the fleet sailed to Australia making stops in Santa Cruz, Rio de Janeiro and Cape Town. They arrived in Botany Bay in mid-January 1788. 

The journey began with good weather so Captain Phillip decided to let the convicts up on deck. However the weather would become very hot and humid as the Fleet sailed through the tropics. Tropical rainstorms meant that the convicts could not exercise on deck during this time, as they had no change of clothes and no method of drying wet clothing. As a result, they were kept below deck in the foul, cramped holds.

Some convicts on the "Scarborough" planned a mutiny but were caught, but most convicts were well behaved.

On 3 June 1787, the fleet arrived at Santa Cruz at Tenerife. Fresh water, vegetables and meat were brought on board. On 10 June they left to cross the Atlantic to Rio de Janeiro. The weather was very hot and there were lots of storms. Many people became sick and there were lots of rats, bedbugs, lice, cockroaches and fleas. People were only allowed to drink three pints of water each day (about one and a half litres).

The fleet reached Rio de Janeiro on 5 August. The ships were cleaned and fixed. More water, clothing and lots of food was taken on board. The fleet left on 4 September and reached Cape Town on 13 October. They bought plants, seeds and animals to take to Australia. The animals included: two bulls, seven cows, one stallion, three mares, 44 sheep, 32 pigs, four goats and poultry. They left on 12 November.

From Cape Town it took the Fleet two months to reach Australia. Phillip took a few ships ahead to start building at Botany Bay. They arrived on 18 January 1788. The other ships arrived only two days after he did.

Convicts were given two thirds of the amount normally provided for sailors. Each week, a sailor was given:

As well as this food, there was sometimes rice, dried fish, and soup. When the ships were in a harbour there was also fresh meat and vegetables. Women and children were given a slightly different list of food. Sick people were also given wine and spirits.

When the Fleet arrived in Sydney, Arthur Phillip worked out they only had enough food for 49 weeks. He should have been given enough for two years.

The Fleet also took a number of animals, plants and seeds. The animals included sheep, pigs, dogs, cats, goats, turkeys, geese, ducks, chickens, pigeons, horses, and cattle. Plants and seeds included coffee, cocoa, cotton, bananas, Oranges, lemons, tamarinds, guava, prickly pear, eugenia or pomme rose, jalap, ipecacuanha, figs, bamboo, sugar cane, esparto grass, vines, quinces, apples, pears, oranges strawberries, oaks, myrtles, rice, wheat, barley, and maize. Some of this was brought from England, and the rest from when the Fleet stopped at Rio de Janeiro and Capetown

The first ship, "Supply", reached Botany Bay on 18 January 1788. Aboriginal people from the Cadigal tribe saw the First Fleet ships arrive. Phillip soon decided that this site, picked by Sir Joseph Banks, was not suitable. It had poor soil, no safe place to leave the ships, and no drinking water. Phillip decided to go north to Port Jackson.

On 26 January the marines and convicts arrived at Sydney Cove. 1403 people left Portsmouth. On the voyage 7 babies were born. 69 people died or left the ships. 1332 people landed in Port Jackson which is now known as Sydney. It was a successful trip, as only 40 convicts had died. Phillip named the settlement Sydney after Lord Sydney, the British government's Home Secretary.

The Aboriginal people from the Eora nation lived in the Sydney area. They could not understand why the British wanted to own their land and make farms with fences. The British did not understand the Aboriginal people's way of living and there was a lot of fighting and many people died.

Once in Australia, convicts were ordered to build the infrastructure (buildings and prisons) for the new colony. Their punishment was work. Convicts were expected to work everyday except Sunday from sunrise until sunset without a break. Male prisoners were required to do very hard labour. Female convicts often worked as household servants, cooking, cleaning and sometimes taking care of children. Some of the convicts had special skills and did work such as keeping records, printing, making pottery and keeping the town clocks. Many convicts were sent to work for free settlers. Free settlers were people who came to Australia to make a new life. 

Strict rules were enforced by prison officers. If convicts broke the rules, they could be whipped with the ‘cat-o’-nine-tails’ or kept in solitary confinement for several days, with only bread and water to eat. 

There was a shortage of food during the first few years of the colony. Crops did not grow well so people relied on supplies from Great Britain. Eventually, food

Naval escorts:
Convict transports:
Food Transport:


Setesdal

Setesdal is a valley in the county of Aust-Agder, in the south part of Norway .

Since the 1200s, one can find papers, where the name "Setesdal" , has been written.

Homeopathy

Homeopathy is an alternative medicine. It was created in the 18th century by Samuel Hahnemann. The theory behind homeopathy is that an ill person can be healed with very small amounts of something that produces the symptoms of the illness in a healthy person. Scientists have tested and proven many times that homeopathy does not work at all to treat any disease and only makes people think they feel better. (This is called the placebo effect.)

Homeopaths make their medicines by taking the ingredients, adding water, and shaking the mixture. They then take a drop of the mixture, throw out the rest, and add more water. They do this usually 30 times but sometimes up to 200 times. They call it potentisation. Hahnemann said this would bring out the "spirit-like medicinal powers held within a drug". Science can show how many atoms or molecules—tiny things that cannot be divided up any more—of the original substance are left in the homeopathic drug. Most homeopathic drugs do not contain even a single molecule of the original substance. Homeopaths believe that the solution carries a "memory" of the original substance. Science says that goes against the laws of physics and chemistry.
Homeopathy became popular because it was created at a time when medicine did not work very well and could make people sick. Back then, taking homeopathy might have kept people from getting hurt by bad doctors. However, medicine has improved since then, and now helps a lot more than it hurts people. Some homeopaths have told their patients not to take medicines like antibiotics and vaccines that could cure (or keep them from getting) dangerous diseases. Hence the use of homeopathy, instead of obtaining real medical help, can cause unnecessary suffering, disease and/or death.

Vest-Telemark

Vest-Telemark is the name of an area, in the south of Norway .

Some of the towns are: Fyresdal, Tokke, Vinje, Nissedal, Kviteseid, and Seljord.

In no area, has one found more traces ( examples or evidence ) of the Old Norse language and grammar.

Shirley Temple

Shirley Temple, or Shirley Temple Black (April 23, 1928 – February 10, 2014) was an American actress, diplomat and television series hostess. Temple has the distinction of being the first Academy Juvenile Award recipient in 1934.

Temple began her movie career at age 3 in a series of Poverty Row shorts starring very young children clad in diapers. In 1934, she soared to superstardom in "Bright Eyes". Other movies followed that exploited her waiflike charm and abundant talent such as "Curly Top", "The Little Colonel", "Dimples", "Wee Willie Winkie", and "The Little Princess".

The public adored the child Temple, but her popularity declined as she grew into a young woman. She made several bombs in her teens, but three have become highly regarded classics: "Since You Went Away", "Fort Apache" with Henry Fonda and John Wayne, and "The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer" with Cary Grant and Myrna Loy. Temple married John Agar in 1945. In 1950 she married Charles Black and retired from the movie industry at age 22.

Marriage and motherhood occupied Temple in the following years, but she returned to show biz in the late 1950s with the television series, "Shirley Temple's Storybook" for NBC. The series was child/family-oriented with dramatizations of fairy tales like "Beauty and the Beast", children's stories like "Pippi Longstocking", and more mature fare like "The House of Seven Gables" and Victor Herbert's Broadway musical, "Babes in Toyland". Celebrity stars like Charlton Heston, Tor Johnson, Sterling Holloway, Elsa Lanchester, and Agnes Moorehead appeared in the series. The series was nominated for an Emmy Award in children's programming. It faced stiff competition from other networks, and left the air after two seasons.

Temple became active in the Republican Party in California. In 1967, she unsuccessfully ran for the United States House of Representatives. Temple was extensively involved with the Commonwealth Club of California, a public-affairs forum in San Francisco. She spoke at several of the meetings through the years and served as its president in 1984.

Temple was appointed Representative to the 24th United Nations General Assembly by President Richard M. Nixon (September – December 1969), and was appointed United States Ambassador to Ghana (December 6, 1974 – July 13, 1976) by President Gerald R. Ford. She was appointed first female Chief of Protocol of the United States (July 1, 1976 – January 21, 1977), and was in charge of arrangements for President Jimmy Carter's inauguration and inaugural ball. She served as the United States Ambassador to Czechoslovakia (August 23, 1989 – July 12, 1992), having been appointed by President George H. W. Bush.

Temple had breast cancer in the early 1970s and had a mastectomy. She died on February 10, 2014 from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at her Woodside, California home, at the age of 85.


Stev

Stev is a form of poetry. It can be found in lyric poetry from Scandinavia. Stev are made of stanzas, that have four lines

There are different types of stev:

A person who can perform a stev, is known as a kveder (a type of artist). Aslak Brekke is possibly the most well known of those who have been recorded. A kveder from Setesdal, when performing stev, usually sings more slowly, than a kveder from Telemark. One reason for this may be that the text of Setesdal stev are usually more meditative (or elegiac).

Wario (series)

The "Wario" series is a series of games that star Wario and a spin-off of the "Mario" series. It started out with "", and has grown to have its new spin-off series with ""



"WarioWare" adds many new characters who are employees of Wario's company, WarioWare.



The series' first appearance in the "Super Smash Bros." series was in "Super Smash Bros. Melee", but it was only as a collectible trophy. In "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", Wario is a playable character, and can be in both his biker outfit from "WarioWare" or his plumber outfit from "Wario Land". There is also a level based on "WarioWare", collectible trophies and stickers from his series, and music from the "WarioWare" series.

Nintendo Research &amp; Development 1

Nintendo Research & Development 1, also known as Nintendo R&D1, is a division of Nintendo. They are responsible for the "Metroid" series and the "WarioWare" series, among others.

Plucking

Pluck or plucking may mean:


Bill Tapia

Uncle Bill “Tappy” Tapia (born January 1, 1908 – December 2, 2011) was an American musician, born in Honolulu, Hawaii. His parents were Portuguese. At age 10, Tapia already had been a professional musician, playing “Stars and Stripes Forever” for World War I soldiers in Hawaii. 

His long career started in Vaudeville and soon after he became a jazz guitarist and ukulele player. He has worked with big names such as Bing Crosby, Louis Armstrong, and Elvis Presley and also worked with Hawaiian musicians such as King Bennie Nawahi, Sol Ho‘opi’i and Andy Iona. People think that Tapia is the first musician to play jazz on the ukulele.


WarioWare: Twisted!

WarioWare: Twisted! is a 2004 Game Boy Advance video game. It was made by Nintendo and is art of the "WarioWare" series.

"Twisted!" comes with a gyro sensor. The cartridge is a lot larger than in most Game Boy Advance games. Players tap the A button and twist the game around in order to play. 

Like the other games, "Twisted!" has many microgames. These last for only a few seconds and involve a simple thing the player must do. The player starts with four lives. After about 12-15 microgames, he or she plays the boss level. If they win, they earn another life. If they lose, they lose a life. The game ends when they have run out of lives.

Wario has gotten seven of his friends to help make games for him. Each one has a different theme, or way to play.


Punch (strike)

A punch is when a person puts their hand in a fist and thrusts it forward. This can be used for combat, or in some sports like boxing. Punch is the name of the blows that are thrown with the closed fist, striking, usually to other person, with the purpose of defence or attack.

The technique of the normal punch is performed closing the fist and striking with it. The fist is formed in a horizontal line along with the arm, being the element of usage of all the force performed the arm. There is other kind of punch in which the fist is placed vertically (with the palm of the hand directing towards a side instead of towards down) and directing slightly towards down in relation to the arm, in form where the fingers that blow are only the index finger and the ring finger. It is this latter the punch used usually in Kung-fu and the advised to person who had not had a proper training (because in this form it is much more difficult injury the wrist in case of doing it badly).

The punch is used, with different names and different techniques, in many martial arts, and also in systems of personal defence and attack without weapons, like in Tai-Jitsu.

Music video game

A music video game, also commonly known as a music game, is a video game where the point of the game is usually to interact with the music. The genre has had many different types of music games, including games that use guitar controllers, drum controllers, and some that use a dance mat that the player has to dance on.

Guitar Hero is a well-known music video game.

Tempo

Tempo (Italian for 'time, movement') is the speed of a song or piece of music. It is measured in beats per minute, or BPM. For example, if a song has 4 beats per bar at 100 BPM, there will be 25 bars per minute. 

From slowest to fastest:

Terms for tempo change:



Minigame

A minigame is a small video game found in a bigger video game. There are games that only have mini-games, like "Mario Party".

United States Secretary of Defense

The United States Secretary of Defense (SECDEF) is the head of the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD). The role was made in 1947. The Secretary of Defense is sixth in line to the United States presidential line of succession.




Yoshio Sakamoto

Yoshio Sakamoto is a video game developer for Nintendo who works in Nintendo R&D 1. He was the co-creator of the "Metroid" series along with Gunpei Yokoi, and is in charge of most of the games released after Yokoi's death. He also works on "Wario" games, including games in the "Wario Land" series and the "WarioWare" series. He founded "Team Shikamaru", which is dedicated to script writing. 

Arcade game

An arcade game is a machine that is played using coins. Arcade games are found in restaurants, pubs, video arcades, and other places. Tabletop pinball games and video games are two common kinds of arcade games. 

The earliest arcade games were introduced at the end of the 19th century. Their popularity declined in the Western world during the 2000s, in Asian regions ten years thereafter.

The Apple App store categorized some apps into a category called "Arcade". One game that is in this category is Tiny Wings.

Computer Entertainment Rating Organization

The (CERO) is a group that rates video games in Japan. It was established in 2002 by the Computer Entertainment Supplier's Association. It does not rate games for personal computers.

TVE

TVE (Televisión Española) is a Spanish public television network.


Two and a Half Men

Two and a Half Men is an American sitcom which was first shown on CBS on September 22, 2003 and ended on February 19, 2015. The series centers around a man named Charlie, whose lifestyle is interrupted when his brother Alan (who had just been divorced from his wife) moves in to his Malibu, California house, along with Alan's son Jake.

The show has temporarily stopped because it was announced that Charlie Sheen was entering rehab.

On March 7, 2011, the network fired Charlie Sheen from "Two and a Half Men". The network did not state if the show would go on or not.

The show is rated M in New Zealand for drug references and sexual references.


The show has received lots of nominations, including 23 Primetime Emmy Award nominations and 2 Golden Globe nominations. Conchata Ferrell and Holland Taylor were both nominated for Outstanding Supporting Actress - Comedy Series, in 2005 and 2007 (and Taylor again in 2008). Jon Cryer was nominated three times for Outstanding Supporting Actor - Comedy Series (in 2006, 2007 and 2008) and Charlie Sheen was nominated for the Outstanding Lead Actor - Comedy Series in 2006, 2007 and 2008, along with two Golden Globe nominations in 2005 and 2006 for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series - Musical or Comedy. Picture Editor Joe Bella received two Emmys in the category Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing for a Series, for the episodes "That Special Tug" (2006) and "Release the Dogs" (2007). Martin Sheen was nominated for the Outstanding Guest Actor - Comedy Series Emmy in 2006.

Real Oviedo C.F.

Real Oviedo is a Spanish football Club. It was founded in March 26 1926. Its home stadium is Carlos Tartiere in Oviedo. Real Oviedo has won the Spanish League Cup once.


Real Oviedo was relegated to "Tercera División" due to financial problems in 2003.

Real Oviedo have played in season 2008/09 at "Tercera División", the fourth category in Spanish football. It finished in first place in regular tournament, which allowed to play a play-off to promote to "Segunda División B". Real Oviedo have won a place in "Segunda División B" beating Mallorca B in play-off matches.

Frank Thomas (animator)

Franklin "Frank" Thomas (September 5, 1912 – September 8, 2004) was an American movie animator. He was one of Disney's Nine Old Men. He worked on many Disney movies until he retired in 1978. Later on, he wrote the animation book "" with good friend and fellow animator Ollie Johnston. Animator Chuck Jones once said that Thomas was the "Laurence Olivier of all animators."




Break a leg

"Break a leg" is an expression from Britain. (Here, an "expression" means a particular way of saying something.)

It can mean about the same as "good luck".

This expression was used in theaters by actors. Before an actor went on stage, other actors could wish that he or she had good luck in their work. Then, a co-worker could say "Break a leg!".

When the expression is used like this, it is a form of irony.

The Black Parade Is Dead!

The Black Parade is Dead! is a CD/DVD by My Chemical Romance it was recorded live in Mexico.

 CD
All songs written and composed by My Chemical Romance.

From the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City, Mexico on October 7, 2007
DVD
From the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City, Mexico on October 7, 2007[4]


From Maxwell's in Hoboken, New Jersey, on October 24, 2007[4] 

BBC Two

BBC Two is a television channel in the United Kingdom. It began broadcasting on 20 April 1964, and was the third television channel in the United Kingdom. BBC Two was also the first channel in the whole of Europe to change to colour in 1967.

This is a list of the controllers of BBC Two.
As of August 2008, the controller of BBC Two was Roly Keating. He took up the post in June 2004. Keating was formerly the controller of BBC Four. He became controller after Jane Root departed in May 2004 to become the executive vice president and general manager of the US-based Discovery Channel. Jane Root was appointed in 1999 and was the first woman to be appointed controller of a BBC television channel.

On 20 January 2016, Kim Shillinglaw announced that she was leaving the BBC and her job as Controller of BBC Two and BBC Four. As a result of a reorganisation, the position was closed, but it was reopened just over a year later. 


The King of Queens

The King of Queens was an American television series set in Queens, New York City. The series was shown for nine seasons, from 1998 to 2007. After the last episode was broadcast on May 14, 2007, "The King Of Queens" became the last American live action sitcom that began in the 1990s to end its run.


Barbie Horse Adventures: Wild Horse Rescue

Barbie Horse Adventures: Wild Horse Rescue is a video game being made by Vivendi Games. It is part of the Barbie franchise.

Barbie Horse Adventures: Riding Camp

Barbie Horse Adventures: Riding Camp is a video game made by Activision for the Nintendo DS and PC in 2008. It is part of the Barbie franchise. The game is the sequel to "".


Olm

The olm or proteus ("Proteus anguinus") is an amphibian, native to the underground waters of the Dinaric karst that flow through the Soča river basin near Trieste in Italy, through to southern Slovenia, southwestern Croatia, and Herzegovina. It is the only species in the genus "Proteus", the only European species of the family Proteidae, and the only European cave-dwelling chordate. It is also called the human fish or humanfish, because of its human-like skin (translated literally from Slovenian: "Človeška ribica" and Croatian: "Čovječja ribica"), Cave Salamander, or White Salamander.

Billie Piper

Billie Paul Piper (born Leian Paul Piper, 22 September 1982, in Swindon, Wiltshire) is an English singer and actress.

She began her career in the late 1990s as a pop singer. Later on, she moved to acting. Her most famous role is as Rose Tyler, a companion to the Doctor in the television series "Doctor Who". She played this role from 2005 to 2006, and also reprised it in 2008 and 2010.

Piper's first chance in the entertainment world came when she was a teenager, when she was selected to appear on the Saturday morning kids' television show "Scratchy and Co". Piper later got a role in a television commercial promoting the pop magazine "Smash Hits". In 1996 she sang on a backing song Nobody's Business. It was a dance track by h20. Soon after she was offered a record deal at the age of fifteen, and in 1998 became the youngest artist ever to start at number one in the UK Singles Chart with "Because We Want To", released under the artist name "Billie". Her follow-up single "Girlfriend" also started at number one and her first album, "Honey to the B" (released immediately afterwards) started at Number 14 in the UK album charts. She released two further singles off the album, "She Wants You" and "Honey to the B"; both songs started at Number 3. 

Piper then took a year to record her second album. She decided to release more records under her full name, Billie Piper. She returned to the Singles Chart in May 2000 with a new, sexier sound. She hit the Number 1 spot with "Day & Night", but her success was not to carry on. She waited until the following September to release "Something Deep Inside". That reached Number 4 in the UK Singles Chart. In October 2000, Piper released her second album, "Walk of Life", which reached Number 14 in the UK Album Chart. The song "Walk of Life", the last single off this album, was released in December 2000 and reached Number 25 in the UK Singles Chart.

In 1999, Piper was nominated for two BRIT Awards and was named Best Female Star at the "Smash Hits" Poll Winners' party, although at the latter ceremony she began crying after being nastily booed by jealous fans of Ritchie Neville, member of boyband Five, whom she was dating at the time.

On 15 January 2007, BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles started a campaign to get "Honey to the B" back into the Top 100 on download sales as a way of testing out new chart rules that favour download sales. The campaign was highly successful, with "Honey to the Bee"re-entering the official UK singles chart at No. 17, eight years after it was first released.

Piper prefers lip singing during performances. She backs this up with the reason that she is afraid she would not be able to sing live. However, in 1999 she decided to try actually singing during her tour in America. The audience loved it, but Piper said it made her too nervous to do it in Britain, where she had many more fans.

After an extended break, Piper decided to end her pop career in 2003 and return to her first ambition, acting. She took acting lessons while living in London. Piper gained very good reviews for these appearances and critics said that she was a far better actress than she was a singer.

In 2004, Piper appeared in the movies "The Calcium Kid", as the romantic interest of Orlando Bloom's character, and "Things to do Before You're Thirty". Shortly before starting work on "Doctor Who", she was one of the main characters in the horror movie "Spirit Trap" alongside Russian pop star Alsou, released in the summer of 2005 to bad reviews.

In May 2004, it was announced that Piper was to play the character Rose Tyler, companion to The Doctor, played by Christopher Eccleston, in the long-running BBC television series "Doctor Who", beginning in 2005.
Piper won the Most Popular Actress category at the 2005 and 2006 National Television Awards for her work on "Doctor Who". BBC News named Piper as one of its "Faces of the Year" for 2005, primarily due to her success in "Doctor Who". At "The South Bank Show" Awards on 27 January 2006 Piper was awarded "The Times" Breakthrough Award for her successful transition from singing to acting. In March 2006, the Television and Radio Industries Club named Piper as best new TV talent at their annual awards ceremony. In September 2006, Piper was named Best Actress at the TV Quick and TV Choice Awards.

After the completion of the very successful first series of the revamped "Doctor Who", the British media regularly released conflicting reports about how long Piper would be staying with the programme. In March 2006, she claimed that she would continue on "Doctor Who" into its third season in 2007. On 10 May 2006, however, she was reported to be considering quitting the series, although she did express an interest in playing a female version of the Doctor in the future (possibly related to a proposed "Doctor Who" spin-off series about Rose which was later dropped). On 15 June 2006, the BBC announced that she was to depart in the final episode of the second series, "Doomsday". Piper's decision to leave had been taken a year previously, but remained a secret until news of her departure became public.

On 27 November 2007, the BBC confirmed that she would return her role as Rose Tyler in the fourth series for three episodes. Later, it was confirmed by Russell T Davies in Doctor Who Magazine that this return had been planned since she left. It was also revealed in the Turn Left Doctor Who Confidential that Billie had made arrangements to return as Rose since she decided to leave.

The series began in April 2008, and after several cameo appearances, Piper made her official return as Rose in the series four final episodes Turn Left, The Stolen Earth and Journey's End. She has not said whether she will be reprising the role again, although on Doctor Who Confidential she said that she thinks "It's never really the end for the Doctor and Rose" but it probably was "for the foreseeable future".

In November 2005, Piper starred as Hero in a BBC adaptation of "Much Ado About Nothing", updated for the modern day like in "Canterbury Tales" series in which she featured, with Hero now being a weather presenter in a television station.

Piper has completed work on a BBC version of Philip Pullman's historical novel "The Ruby in the Smoke" broadcast in December 2006, Piper played main character Sally Lockhart, a Victorian orphan. The BBC plans to film all four of Pullman's Sally Lockhart novels, with Piper continuing in the role in "The Shadow in the North" which was shown in December 2007. In 2007 she appeared as the main character, Fanny Price, in an adaptation of Jane Austen's novel "Mansfield Park", screened on ITV1. This was her first acting role on television for a broadcaster other than the BBC.

Piper has provided voiceovers for various television commercials, including one for "Comfort Fabric Softener" airing in June 2007.

Piper stars in "Secret Diary of a Call Girl", an ITV2 version of Belle de Jour's "The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl", a memoir detailing the life of a high-class prostitute. The series, which aired from 27 September 2007, saw Piper in several semi-nude scenes, including a lesbian romp and one scene featuring her saddling a client and riding him like a horse. A second series, with Piper in the starring role, started filming in May 2008, during which two body doubles were hired in order to effectively hide Piper's pregnancy.

Piper made her first stage appearance in a touring production of Christopher Hampton's play "Treats", which opened in early 2007 in Windsor. "Treats" was to have ended its tour in the West End, at the Garrick Theatre, starting on 28 February 2007 with previews from on 20 February. The play-officially finished as of 26 May.



The Mighty Boosh

The Mighty Boosh is a British comedy television series that was shown on BBC Three. It was also a radio programme. Since the television series, there have been live tours of it.

The first series is about two zookeepers called Howard and Vince. The second series is also about them but is set in a flat. The third is set in a shop.

Fielding first met Barratt after seeing him perform his solo stand-up performance at the Hellfire Comedy Club in the Wycombe Swan theatre. The pair soon found that they shared comic interests, formed a double act, and "decided to be the new Goodies". After their first performance together at a bar in London in April 1998, Barratt and Fielding developed their zookeeper characters - Howard Moon and Vince Noir, respectively - in a series of sketches for Paramount Comedy’s "Unnatural Acts". It was here that they also met Rich Fulcher, who would become Bob Fossil. Fielding’s friend Dave Brown and Fielding's own brother Michael also became regular collaborators.

The Boosh soon produced three stage shows - "The Mighty Boosh" (1998), "Arctic Boosh" (1999) and "Autoboosh" (2000) - all of them were at the Edinburgh Fringe. With the success of "Autoboosh", a radio series was commissioned by the BBC. Produced by Danny Wallace, "The Boosh" was first broadcast in 2001 on BBC London Live, later moving to BBC Radio 4, from which the team were given a half-hour television show of the same name.

The first eight-part series, directed by Paul King, was then commissioned for BBC Three and broadcast in 2004, with a second of six episodes the following year. The second series moved away from the zoo setting, and instead Howard, Vince, Naboo the shaman and Bollo the talking ape living in a flat in Dalston. In 2006, the Boosh returned to theatre with "The Mighty Boosh Live", which featured a new story entitled "The Ruby of Kukundu".

After two years, the Boosh returned to the television in November 2007. Set in Naboo’s second-hand shop below the flat, the third series drew in approximately one million viewers with its first episode, and in light of its success, BBC Three broadcast an entire night of "The Mighty Boosh" on March 22, 2008, which included a new documentary and six of Barratt and Fielding's favourite episodes from all three series.

There will not be a fourth series till at least 2010 because they will be working upon a movie. This movie has been confirmed by the BBC.

Encyclical

An "Encyclical" originally was a letter sent by a bishop to all churches of a particular area. 

In the Roman Catholic Church, the term is only used for letters sent by popes. 

The Eastern Orthodox Church and the Anglican Communion still use the word in its original meaning.

Pontifical Academy of Sciences

The Pontifical Academy of Sciences dates back four centuries to its creation as the Accademia dei Lincei in 1603. Pope Pius IX changed the name to the Pontifical Academy of the New Lincei in 1847 to signify its new status as an official institution of the Pontifical State. Nearly a century later, it was reorganized as the Pontifical Academy of Science on October 28, 1936, by Pope Pius XI in a Motu proprio In multis solaciis (Latin "Among the many consolations").

Although it reports directly to the Pontiff, the academy has considerable freedom in conducting its mission: the study of Science and the possible consequences for the human condition. Christian belief is not a prerequisite for membership to the academy, because first and foremost, it is a legitimate Scientific body that follows the Scientific Method. As of 2003 more than two dozen Nobel Prize winners (including Professor Ahmed Zewail, Chemistry 1999) and several Field Medal winners were counted as members. Plenary sessions are interdisciplinary events held every other year to review new developments and discus progress made towards their mission. Common working groups include astronomy and cosmology, cognition and brain science, and genetics.


Khawaja Nazimuddin

Sir Khawaja Nazimuddin, KCIE (, Khaja Nazimuddin) (July 19, 1894 - October 22, 1964) was the second Governor-General of Pakistan, and later the second Prime Minister of Pakistan as well. He was born in Dacca, Bengal, British India (now Dhaka, Bangladesh) into the family of the Nawabs (rulers) of Dacca, who had come from Kashmir and settled there. He received his education from Dunstable Grammar School in England, then Aligarh Muslim University, and later Trinity Hall, Cambridge University until the mid-1930s. After returning to British India, he became involved in politics in his native Bengal. Nazimuddin was initially the Education Minister, but climbed the ranks to become the Chief Minister of the province prior to independence. Nazimuddin also became the head of the Muslim League in Eastern India.

Malik Ghulam Muhammad

Ghulam Muhammad (20 April 1895 - 12 September 1956, ) served as third Governor-General of Pakistan from 1951 until 1955, and was also the 1st Finance Minister shortly before his death in 1956.

Igbo people

The Igbo people (Igbo: Ṇ́dị́ Ìgbò) are an ethnic group in West Africa. They are one of the largest ethnic groups in West Africa. The Igbo speak the Igbo language (Igbo: "Ásụ̀sụ̀ Ị̀gbò"). The Igbo people are found in Southeastern Nigeria, in an area referred to as Igboland (Igbo: "Àlà Ị̀gbò"). There are some Igbos in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. 

There are major amounts of Igbo people found in other countries that are not in Africa. This is because some Igbos have moved to other countries and because they were forced to go to other countries by the Atlantic slave trade. 

They are in countries such as the United States, Jamaica, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Barbados, Bahamas, and the United Kingdom. The most important crop of the Igbo people is the yam. In Nigeria, the Igbo have a lot of cities, like Onitsha and Enugu.

Iskander Mirza

Major-General Iskander Mirza, CIE, OBE, or Iskander Mirza (, November 13, 1899 – November 12, 1969) was the last Governor-General of the Dominion of Pakistan (October 6, 1955 to March 23, 1956) and the first President of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (March 23, 1956 to October 27, 1958).

Ayub Khan

General Ayub Khan (14 May 1907 – 19 April 1974) was a general of the Pakistan Army and a self-proclaimed Field Marshal during the mid-1960s. A dictator who imposed martial law he also became the President of Pakistan from 1958 to 1969. He became Pakistan's first native Commander-in-Chief in 1951. He was the youngest full-rank general and self-appointed Field Marshal in Pakistan's military history.

Khan became president in 1958 as part of a non-violent coup. In the 1965 presidential election, people thought that Khan had cheated so he could win against Fatimah Jinnah.


Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry

Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry () (January 1, 1904 - June 2, 1982) was President of Pakistan from August 14, 1973 until he left on September 16, 1978.

Bad Liebenwerda

Bad Liebenwerda is a spa town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is on the river Schwarze Elster, 57 km northwest of Dresden, and 28 km east of Torgau.

The first written mention is from 1231 as "Lievenwerde". The meaning of the name is "Liev", or "Lieb" for life or loveley, and -"werde" from "werda" means island, high place in a wather. In the document of 1231 is also mentioned an Otto of Ileburg, Vogt of Lievenwerde, and a Plebanus Walterus, a priest. Liebenwerda had a Water castle with a Keep called Lubwarttower. the first mention as Liebenwerda as a city is from 1304. Liebenwerda was part of the Electorate of Saxony and Kingdom of Saxony till 1815. In reason of the Congress of Vienna the area became part of the Kingdom of Prussia as district Liebenwerda. Since 1905 has Liebenwerda a spa clinical, since 1925 has Liebenwerda the word "Bad" as a part of the name. 

Bad Liebenwerda is home of the Gothic church of St. Nikolai. The tower of the church was rebuilt at the end of the 19th century after lightning struck the tower and caused a fire.
The Lubwarttower (Lubwartturm) is the oldest building in town. The tower was built around 1207 as part of the water castle. Next to this tower is the museum with an exposition about Carl Heinrich Graun and his brothers. Also is there an exposition about Marionettes, other puppets and the puppet-players of south-east of Germany. 
Bad Liebenwerda has a beautiful little park.

Ghulam Ishaq Khan

Ghulam Ishaq Khan (abbreviated as GIK) (Urdu/Pashto: غلام اسحاق خان) (January 20, 1915 – October 27, 2006) was President of Pakistan from August 17, 1988 until July 18, 1993.

A university called GIKI is also on the name of Ghulam Ishaq Khan

K-9 and Company

K-9 and Company was a 1981 television spin-off of the original series of "Doctor Who". It featured Sarah Jane Smith, played by Elisabeth Sladen, and K-9, a robotic dog. Both characters had been companions of the Fourth Doctor, but they had not appeared together before. A single episode, "A Girl's Best Friend", was produced, but the series was not taken up.

Eve Myles

Eve Myles (born 1978 in Ystradgynlais, Powys), is a Welsh actress. She is most known for playing lead characters in "Belonging" and "Doctor Who" spin-off series "Torchwood".

Gareth David-Lloyd

Gareth David-Lloyd (born 28 March 1981) is a Welsh actor. He is best known for his role as Ianto Jones in the British science fiction television programme "Torchwood".

He was born Gareth David Lloyd in Bettws, Newport. His first acting role was as a robot in a school play. When he was a teenager, he joined the Gwent Young People's Theatre in Abergavenny and The Dolman Youth Theatre in Newport. 

While he was there, he appeared in several plays, including "Henry V", in which he played the most important character. He studied at Coleg Gwent and then trained at the National Youth Theatre, before moving to Reading.

Motto

A motto is a word, phrase or sentence used to describe the meaning or point of a group or organisation. In the Western world, mottoes are often in Latin.

Crane

Crane may mean:






Scarlet macaw

The scarlet macaw ("Ara macao") is a type of parrot. It is native to humid evergreen forests of tropical South America. 

Its range is from south-eastern Mexico to Amazonian Peru, Bolivia, Venezuela and Brazil in lowlands up to (at least formerly) up to . It has suffered from local extinction through habitat destruction and capture for the parrot trade, but locally it remains fairly common. It is the national bird of Honduras.



Vulgar Latin

Vulgar Latin, or Common Latin, is one of the two types of Latin, an old language that was spoken by the Romans. Vulgar Latin is not spoken anymore, but its many dialects eventually became what are now Romance languages (such as Italian, Spanish, French, Portuguese and Romanian). Vulgar Latin was spoken by the regular people ("vulgus" in Latin means "common"): farmers, workers and others without a great deal of education.

Classical Latin is the type of Latin that was first spoken by the Romans. As time went by, fewer and fewer people spoke Classical Latin, and in the end, the language changed to become Vulgar Latin. After a while, only scholars spoke Classical Latin, but books were still written in it.

Latin is no longer spoken as a native language, but many educational institutions teach it as a second language, and many Roman Catholic Church officials are fluent in it.

Vulgar Latin is similar to Classical Latin but has some differences in pronunciation and vocabulary. Latin has five basic cases for nouns,


Snoring

Snoring during sleep is caused by vibration. The parts which vibrate are at the back of the nose and throat. They may partly block the passage of air, so causing the characteristic rumbling sound.

Snoring can be a problem, and tends to get worse with age. Best to sleep on one's side, which reduces snoring.


Life on Mars (TV series)

Life on Mars is an award winning British science fiction and police drama television series. It was first broadcast on BBC One between January 2006 and April 2007.

The programme tells the story of DCI Sam Tyler of the Manchester Police (played by John Simm), after being hit by a car in 2006, he is in the year 1973. There, he works for Manchester Police CID as a DI under DCI Gene Hunt (played by Philip Glenister). Over the course of the series, Tyler faces various problems, most frequently regarding the differences between his modern approach to policing and the more old-fashioned way of his colleagues. It is unclear whether he is insane, in a coma, or if he really has travelled back in time.

Ashes to Ashes (TV series)

Ashes to Ashes is a British television crime drama series set in London. It is a sequel to the 2006-2007 series "Life on Mars". It is a Kudos Film & Television production for the BBC, and was broadcast on BBC One. It was first shown on 7 February 2008.

Philip Glenister, who plays Gene Hunt, has said in an interview that "he does not think any show featuring his character should be made afterwards."

The second series was broadcast from 20 April - 8 June 2009. The third, final series was shown from 2 April to 21 May 2010.

John Simm

John Ronald Simm (born 10 July 1970 in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire) is an English actor and musician. He grew up mainly in Lancashire. His roles include two BAFTA award-winning BBC Wales dramas: as Sam Tyler in the drama "Life on Mars" and as the Master in the long-running science fiction series "Doctor Who". He has appeared in many popular television dramas such as "The Lakes", "State of Play" and two BAFTA award-winning serials; "Clocking Off" and "Sex Traffic". His movie roles include "Human Traffic" and "24 Hour Party People". He was nominated for the Olivier and Theatergoer's Choice Award for the best Actor 2008. 

Besides acting, Simm was a founding member, songwriter and guitarist with the rock band Magic Alex.

Simm married actress Kate Magowan in April 2004 in the Forest of Dean. They have a son and a daughter. Simm is a strong supporter of Manchester United.

Butters Stotch

Leopold "Butters" Stotch (voiced by Matt Stone) is a popular fictional character in the animated television series "South Park". His nickname is a play on the word "butterscotch". The creators have said in more than one DVD commentaries that Butters is one of their "top 3 favorite characters". Butters is based on Eric Stough, the animation director of the show.

Stan Marsh

Stan Marsh is a fictional character in the animated television series "South Park". He is voiced by the series co-creator Trey Parker. He is also one of the 4 main characters in the series with Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Kenny McCormick. Stan is usually known as the serious and sensitive person of the group. Stan is able to think clearly and is good-natured. Stan usually tries to come up with logical solutions to their outrageous situations.
Stan's character is goody based on the personality of co-creator Trey Parker. He is best friend of Kyle Broflovski and their friendship is important in several episodes.

Stan lives in the fictional town of South Park, Colorado. He and his friends are fourth graders and go to the same elementary school. He lives with his friend Kyle Broflovski. Stan is modeled after his voice actor Trey Parker, and has the same birthday with him on October 19.


Old Norse language

Old Norse is a Germanic language that was spoken in Scandinavia, during the Viking Age, until about 1300. It was also spoken in Iceland, the Faeroe Islands, Orkney Islands and other places that Scandinavians started settlements (similar to colonies).

Modern Icelandic is the modern language that is the closest to Old Norse when written. Another language that is close to Old Norse, is Elfdalian. Other languages that come from Old Norse are Swedish, Danish, Faroese, and Norwegian.

Because We Want To

"Because We Want To" is a pop song performed by British singer Billie. The song was written by Wendy Page, Jim Marr, D. Rambo and J. Richmond, and produced by Page and Marr for Billie's first album "Honey to the B" (1998). It was Billie's first single on 29 June 1998 and reached the top ten in Ireland and Sweden. In the UK, the song reached number one and Billie became the youngest artist to release a number one single in the country in over forty years. It was the official song of the 1999 Women's World Cup.

Honey to the B

Honey to the B is the first album by pop singer Billie Piper, released in 1998 (see 1998 in music). Billie (she was known at the time only by her first name) was the first British female singer to have a first single start at #1 on the UK pop charts.


Scratchy and Co

Scratchy and Co was a CITV television series. It was shown over the different times in the mid to late 1990s:

It replaced "What's Up Doc?" as the Saturday morning ITV show.

It starred Mark Speight as "Scratchy" and Elliot Henderson-Boyle as "Reg". The main gimmick of the series was Speight and Henderson-Boyle wearing "solid rubber wigs" and very unusual jackets. A stylistic of this was similar to "Max Headroom".

Day &amp; Night (song)

"Day & Night" is a single by Billie Piper, released in 2000. The song was Piper's 3rd UK #1 single.

UK Single CD1
Cat. #: SINCD11

Walk of Life (album)

Walk of Life is the second album by pop singer Billie Piper, released in 2000. Piper's second album did not match the successful start in terms of album sales despite producing three Top 30 singles - "Day and Night" went to #1 and "Something Deep Inside" managed to get to #4 and "Walk of Life" finishing at #25 on the UK charts.

Despite good reviews, the album was not released in the US. Piper then decided have a break from the music industry and concentrate on acting.


BBC Parliament

BBC Parliament is a British television channel from the BBC. It broadcasts live and recorded coverage of the British House of Commons and House of Lords, the Northern Ireland Assembly, the Scottish Parliament and the Welsh Assembly, and occasionally from the General Synod of the Church of England. The channel does not broadcast reports from the European Parliament. It is available on Sky Channel 504, terrestrial (Freeview) Channel 230 and Virgin Media Channel 609.

Before being taken over by the BBC, the channel was known as The Parliamentary Channel (from 1992 to 1998).

County Westmeath

Westmeath is a county in the middle of Ireland. Westmeath and Meath once formed a fifth province in Ireland known as Mide. Westmeath is known as the lakeland county. Its main town is Mullingar.

Roy Scheider

Roy Richard Scheider (November 10, 1932 – February 10, 2008) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as police chief Martin Brody in the 1975 movie "Jaws", his Academy Award nominated role (but he did not win the award) as Joe Gideon in the movie "All That Jazz", and as Captain Nathan Bridger in Steven Spielberg's Emmy Award winning television series "seaQuest DSV." He played "Heywood Floyd " in the 1984 film "2010".

Scheider's mother was an Irish-American Roman Catholic; his father was a German-American Protestant. Scheider had a daughter from his first marriage, and a son and daughter from his second marriage. He had a form of cancer called multiple myeloma, and died of an staphylococcal infection, aged 75.


Platform game

A platform game, or platformer, is a genre of video game. Platformer gameplay is about jumping between platforms or over obstacles. The player controls these jumps and must use skill to avoid their character falling off of platforms or missing jumps. This kind of gameplay, even in other genres, is called "platforming". Games where jumping is not controlled by the player, such as "", are not thought of as platform games.

Platform games began as 2D in the early 1980s, and 3D platformers became popular in the mid-1990s. The name describes games where jumping on platforms is a large part of the gameplay. However, platforming is not a pure genre, and often there are other types of genres mixed into it. For example, in a game like "Metroid", the player controls a character not only to navigate obstacles, but to fight enemies.

As long as the actually jumping remains a main part of the gameplay, the game can still correctly be called a platformer. Because of this, there are many different types of platformers.

Relaxation

Relaxation is a process or behavior where someone relaxes. The goal is to become calmer and less anxious, stressed or angered. Relaxation can also lower muscle tension, blood pressure and slow heart and breath rates, among other health benefits.

Piranha

The piranha (also known as the caribe or piraña) is a ferocious, schooling, fresh-water fish. 

It is native to warm lowland streams and lakes in South America, east of the Andes Mountains. Piranhas have been introduced to other places, including Northern Brazil, Hawaii, and parts of Central and North America. There are many species of piranha they belong to the genera "Pygocentrus" and "Serrasalmus". They reproduce by laying eggs.

Piranhas are opportunistic carnivores (flesh-eaters). They eat aquatic and land animals that are in the water. Some of the prey includes fish, mollusks, crustaceans, insects, birds, lizards, amphibians, rodents, and carrion (dead meat that they find). These fish are diurnal (most active during the day).

Many animals prey upon piranhas (especially young piranhas), including other piranhas, caimans, water snakes, turtles, birds, otters, and people.

Maximilian Kolbe

Maximilian Maria Kolbe (originally christened Raymund) (1894-1941) is a Catholic saint. He was a Polish Franciscan who worked in Poland and Nagasaki, Japan. He died in Auschwitz because he wanted to save another prisoner. Maximilian saved the life of that prisoner. Maximilian is remembered on August 14, the date of his death. The first-class relics of St Maximilian Kolbe are preserved and distributed by the friary of Niepokalanów, establish by St Maximilian in Poland.

Kolbe was smuggled to a prison hospital to try to stop beatings and lashings as part of being a priest. One day three prisoners disappeared from the camp and then the deputy camp commander decided to choose ten men at random to be starved to death to prevent any more escapes. 

One of the men, Franciszek Gajowniczek, cried out, "My wife! My children!" When Kolbe heard this he volunteered to take his place. 

After two weeks of starvation and dehydration Kolbe was the only one of ten men that was still alive. He was always standing or kneeling in the middle of the cell looking very calm whenever the guards arrived. The guards then decided to give a lethal injection as he was still alive. Kolbe then raised his arm and waited for this deadly injection.


Hans Kleppen

Hans Kleppen (March 16, 1907 – April 12, 2009) was a Norwegian who was a ski jumper in the 1920s. He won a bronze medal at the 1929 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane.

Kleppen, from Bø i Telemark, became 100 years old in March 2007 and, having been part of the 1928 Winter Olympics, was Norway's oldest living Olympian.


In the End

"In The End" is a song by Linkin Park. It appeared on their first album, "Hybrid Theory". It was the fourth single from the album.

In Utero

In Utero is the third and last studio album by the American rock band Nirvana. DGC Records released it on September 21, 1993. Nirvana wanted the album to be different from their last album "Nevermind" and have a less clean sound. The album was recorded at Pachyderm Studio in Cannon Falls, Minnesota. The band recorded it in two weeks with producer Steve Albini. Producer Scott Litt also made small changes to the sound that Albini had produced.

When the album was released, it went into the "Billboard" 200 at number one and was well liked by critics. Since its release, the album has sold over 15 million copies.

Scentless Apprentice

"Scentless Apprentice" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana. It was on their third album, "In Utero", and a live version was on their live album, "From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah". Most of their songs were only written by the singer Kurt Cobain, but this song was written by all three members of the band.

The song was written in 1992. The band originally did not like the song, because it was too much of a generic grunge song, however they soon began to like it. They even thought of releasing it as the second single from "In Utero" (after "Heart-Shaped Box") but this never happened.

The song is about a book that Kurt Cobain read, "". The book and the song are about a boy who is born without body odor but has a strong sense of smell. Soon he becomes a murderer who kills female victims.

In the television show "Lost", "Scentless Apprentice" is playing on one of the characters' car radios.

Japan Media Arts Festival

The Japan Media Arts Festival is a festival held in Japan. They give awards for art, entertainment, animation, and manga.

Kenny McCormick

Kenneth James "Kenny" McCormick is a fictional character in the animated television series "South Park". 

Kenny always wears an orange parka, which partially obscures his face. Kenny's voice is hard to understand because of his parka. This is done mainly because the things he says are usually vulgar, when compared to other characters. Even though his dialogue is not understood by the viewer, Stan, Kyle, and Cartman can understand him clearly.

Kenny comes from a very poor family. He is the most cosmopolitan of the four boys. Kenny is close friends with Eric Cartman, Stan Marsh, and Kyle Broflovski. The others often ask him to explain sexual terms they do not understand. 

It was an on-going part during the earlier episodes of the series that Kenny dies in most of the episodes. His death is not permanent. He usually returned for the next episode but characters rarely talk about him having ever died. Kenny's face is always somewhat hidden by his parka or other things that can cover his face.

In one episode in season five, Kenny dies from an illness and is not seen again for another season. During this time, the three boys look for a new fourth member. This included: Timmy Burch (briefly), and Tweek Tweak and Butters Stotch (who both shared the main role of fourth member).

Pedagogy

Pedagogy is the art or science of being a teacher and of learning.
The word pedagogy comes from the Greek word "paidagōgeō", which means "to lead the child." In Ancient Greece, rich men had a slave to instruct their sons as a tutor, or to take them to the academy. Girls were almost entirely home schooled, but many boys went to school even if they had a tutor.

An academic degree is sometimes given for pedagogy. In the United States of America and Great Britain, you can earn a degree in education at the Bachelor's (undergraduate; BA or BS) or Master's (graduate; MA or MS) level. You can also earn an advanced degree called either a Doctor of Education (Ed.D.), or a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.); you can also get a degree for specific things, like a Doctor of Music degree in piano pedagogy.

Some people do not like the idea of pedagogy. They say that learning is something that a person does for themselves, not something that a person imposes on another person.

Penal colony

A penal colony is a settlement used to hold prisoners and use them for working in part of the state's (usually colonial) territories. This is much bigger than a prison farm. A famous penal colony was Devil's Island in French Guiana. The British Empire used its colonies in North America as penal colonies for more than 150 years. The first British settlements in Australia were started as penal colonies.

Life in penal colony was often very hard, sometimes including severe physical punishment. Some prisoners were sentenced for the rest of their natural lives. Many died from hunger, disease, neglect, working too hard, or trying to escape.

In the penal colony system, prisoners were sent far away to stop escapes and to make it hard to get home after their prison term finished. Penal colonies were often in unsettled lands, especially places where no else wanted to work or live. The prisoners' unpaid work would help the government develop new areas without spending a lot of money.

The British used parts of North America as a penal colony. Convicts would be transported by private companies and sold by auction to plantation owners. About 50,000 British convicts were sent to colonial America. This was about one quarter of British settlers during the 1700s.

After the American Revolution, Britain had to find somewhere else to send its prisoners. They established Sydney, Norfolk Island, Van Diemen's Land and Western Australia as big penal colonies. 

In colonial India, the British had made various penal colonies. Two of the most infamous ones are on the Andaman islands and Hijli Detention Camp. In the early days of settlement, Singapore was sent Indian convicts. Their job was to clear the jungles for settlement and early public works.


Convict

A convict is "a person found guilty of a crime and sentenced by a court" or "a person serving a sentence in prison". The word is sometimes abbreviated as "con". After a conviction, convicts often become prisoners in a prison. People convicted and sentenced but not sent to prison are not usually called "convicts". An ex-convict (or short: ex-con) is a person who has been let out of prison.
In past centuries many convicts were send to penal colonies. Many British convicts were sent to the Thirteen Colonies as cheap workers, but that stopped after the War of Independence. After this, convicts were transported to Australia in 1788, the very start of European settlement. They were used as cheap workers. Transportation was stopped in 1868. British convicts were also sent to Canada and India. 

France also sent convicts to French Guiana and New Caledonia, and Russia sent them to Siberia.

During wartime many convicts and prisoners were used in penal battalions (penal battalions were generally made up of convicts who were traitors) Also convicts were also known to be recruited directly into military units, eg. With the cases of the "Wagner PMC".


Corpora cavernosa

Corpora cavernosa are regions of biological tissue that are erectile (become hardened when they fill with blood). They are found in both men and women.

The corpus cavernosum penis is found in the penis. It is found in pairs which contain most of the blood in the male penis during erection. The two corpus cavernosa, along with the corpus spongiosum are the areas of tissue along the length of the penis.

The corpus cavernosum clitoridis is similar to the male corpus cavernosum. The body of the clitoris contains biological tissue that helps to create an erection. As in men, this tissue comes in a pair of corpora cavernosa. However, the female has no corpus spongiosum. Instead, there are two vestibular bulbs beneath the skin at the entrance to the vagina.

Hamming code

A hamming code is an error-correcting block code. The code is named after Richard Hamming who developed it in the 1950s. At the time, Hamming worked with machines that had relays and used punched cards to read the data. Because they were heavily used, the punched cards often had errors, which needed to be corrected by employees.

Hamming codes are used for digital signal processing and telecommunications. Hamming codes are generated according to certain rules. Hamming codes use multiple parity bits. A parity bit tells whether a group of bits is even or odd. In a hamming code, each bit of data is covered by several parity bits. This allows to detect errors, and in certain cases, to correct them as well. A hamming code uses redundancy. If there are three parity bits per code word, the code word must have a length of 7 (formula_1, for k as the number of parity bits). This leaves 4 bits of user data per code word, in the example. Usually, this is written as (N,n), where the first number is the total length of a code word, and the second is the number of bits for user data. The example above is (7,4). 

The shortest possible Hamming code is (3,1), 2 parity bits are used for one data bit. This code has two valid values "000" and "111" - The codes "001", "010" and "100" are transmission errors, and will be assigned to the valid code word "000". The other possibilities "011", "101" and "110" will be changed to "111".

Benelux

,

The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe. It includes three neighboring monarchies, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg. They are in the north western European region between France and Germany. The name is formed from the beginning of each country's name. The Benelux region has a total population of about 27,562,220 and an area of about 74,640 km² (28,819 sq mi).

On 25 july 1921, the Belgium-Luxembourg Economic Union was established, a treaty which is still upheld. Following World War II, the harsh economic climate in Europe led to a further desire for economic cooporation between Belgium, Luxembourg and Netherlands. The Benelux Customs Convention was signed in London on 5 September 1944, by the three governments-in-exile in London. The treaty officially entered into force in 1948. On 1 November 1960, the customs union was superseded by the "Benelux Economic Union" treaty"," signed in The Hague on 3 February 1958. The treaty contributed to the founding of the European Union (EU), serving as a proving ground for succesful economic cooperation within Europe.

A Benelux Parliament (originally referred to as "Interparliamentary Consultative Council") was created in 1955. This parliamentary assembly is composed of 21 members of the Dutch parliament, 21 members of the Belgian national and regional parliaments, and 7 members of the Luxembourgish parliament. The treaty establishing the Benelux Economic Union ("Benelux Economische Unie/Union Économique Benelux") was signed 3 February 1958 and came into force in 1960 to promote the free movement of workers, capital, services, and goods in the region. Its secretariat-general is located in Brussels. 

In 1965, the treaty establishing a Benelux Court of Justice was signed. It entered into force in 1975. The Court, composed of judges from the highest courts of the three States, has to guarantee the uniform interpretation of common legal rules. This international judicial institution is in Brussels.

The Benelux is particularly active in the field of intellectual property. The three countries established a Benelux Trademarks Office and a Benelux Designs Office, both in The Hague. In 2005, they concluded a treaty establishing a Benelux Organisation for Intellectual Property which replaced both offices upon its entry into force on 1 September 2006.

Dutch and French are the official languages of the Benelux and its institutions. Out of the total of 27.2 million people living in the member states 22.5 million (83 percent) speak Dutch and 3.9 million (14%) speak French, of whom 3.4 million are Walloons and 0.5 million are Luxembourgians (that speak German and Luxembourgish), whereas 3% is bilingual Dutch-French.

In 2000, Belgium and the Netherlands jointly hosted the UEFA European Championship. In June 2007, representatives of the three countries announced they would be, as a "single country", bidding for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

The treaty establishing the Benelux Economic Union expired in 2010. It has been replaced by a new legal framework, also dealing with matters of sustainable development, judiciary and internal affairs.


Corpus cavernosum clitoridis

The corpus cavernosum clitoridis is one of two sponge-like tissue found in the body of the clitoris. It is similar to the corpus cavernosum penis in the male.

The female has no corpus spongiosum, but instead two vestibular bulbs beneath the skin at the entrance to the vagina, which expand at the same time as the glans clitoris.

Each corpus is connected to the blood vessels of the pubic bone and hip bone by the clitoris.

Sometimes, release of nitric oxide relaxes muscles around the vagina, called sexual arousal. More blood flows in through the corpus cavernosum and the clitoris is filled with blood. This leads to better sensitivity.

ZFS

The ZFS is a computer file system.
FS stands for "file system".
The letter Z was chosen, because it is the "last" letter in the English alphabet.
This is supposed to mean ZFS was the last, “ultimate” file system ever made.

Originally ZFS has been developed by Sun Microsystems for Solaris.
Later, ZFS has been ported to other versions of Unix, including Linux and FreeBSD.

Traditional file systems focus on managing data and ensuring integrity.
Additional features like RAID had to be added externally, outside of the file system’s realm.
This potentially led to difficulties and increased complexity of systems.

The ZFS takes a different approach.
It integrates many useful features into its ecosystem.
This ensures all subsystems work together without problems and increases performance.

Some features include

Furthermore, during development of ZFS there was a continuing trend to disks having larger capacities.
In designing of ZFS it was taken account of that fact.
The ZFS can handle (in comparison to traditional file systems) very large files, a large number of files, large number of disks, disks having large capacities, and so on.

FreeBSD and Solaris use ZFS as the standard main file system.
Ubuntu’s kernel includes ZFS, but it is not the default choice.

Ariel Winter

Ariel Winter is an American child actress. Winter started her acting career in 2005. She has acted in the television show "Modern Family" since 2009.


Killswitch Engage

Killswitch Engage is an American metalcore band from Massachusetts. The band is signed to Roadrunner Records and has released six albums and one live DVD. Currently, the band is in the studio with producer Brendan O'Brein working on their 5th studio album, Killswitch Engage. Their current line-up consists of Howard Jones, Adam Dutkiewicz, Mike D'antonio, Joel Stroetzel, and Justin Foley. On stage, they are known for their humorous antics while performing.

In December 2013 Killswitch Engage were nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 2014 Grammy Awards for their song "In Due Time".



Timeline


Harvest Moon 64

Harvest Moon 64, known in Japan as is a farm simulation video game made by Victor Interactive Software and published in North America by Natsume Co., Ltd. It is about a farmer who has to build a great farm before three years are up. The player can also try to get married and have a baby.

Roadrunner Records

Roadrunner Records is an American record label. The company mainly deals with heavy metal bands. They are a subsidiary of Warner Music Group.




Harvest Moon (video game)

Harvest Moon, known in Japan as , is a farm simulation video game made by Pack-In-Video and published by Natsume in North America and Nintendo in PAL regions. It's about a farmer who has to make a great farm before the game reaches the end. He can also get married and have a baby.

Wii Music

Wii Music is a music video game that was made by Nintendo for the Wii game console. It was supervised by Kōji Kondō along with others.

Face (movie)

Face is a 1997 British crime drama thriller movie. It was directed by Antonia Bird and written by Ronan Bennett. The movie stars Robert Carlyle and Ray Winstone and features the rock singer Damon Albarn (Blur, Gorillaz) in his first acting job.

Incesticide

Incesticide is a compilation album by the American grunge band, Nirvana. This album features many of their B-Sides and demos of their songs. On the back of the CD, Kurt Cobain spells his name wrong. He spells it "Kurdt Cobain."

Rape Me

"Rape Me" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana. It was the second single from their last album, "In Utero". But there was much controversy about the song, so the single was a double-A-side single. The other song was "All Apologies."

There was much controversy about the title of the song. Although many people were shocked about it, Kurt Cobain, the writer of the song, said that the song is about a man who rapes a woman. He is sent to prison for it, and he is raped there. There was a music video that was planned to be made. It was going to be set in a women's prison. However, Nirvana needed a break from the controversy and did not make it.

Palm, Inc.

Palm, Inc. is an American computer company. It makes small handheld computers. Most of their computers have a handwriting recognition function called "Graffiti". This is a part of the screen that can understand what is written on it. Palm computers can store contacts, addresses, notes, and many other things. Another feature, called "Hotsync", allows the user to have their personnal computer and Palm connect to each other and be updated. 
On April 28, 2010, Hewlett-Packard announced that it had agreed to buy Palm for $1.4 billion.

Palm, Inc. has had its name changed several times. When they started out, they were called Palm Computing Inc. Later, in 2000, they changed their name to Palm, Inc. In 2004, Palm changed their name to PalmOne, but later in 2005 they switched back to Palm, Inc.


Mickey Rooney

Mickey Rooney (born Joseph Yule; September 23, 1920 – April 6, 2014) was an American actor and producer.

In his career, he won many awards, such as an Oscar, a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award. Best known for his work as the Andy Hardy character, Rooney had one of the longest movie careers of any actor.
Rooney married eight times and had nine children. He separated from his eighth wife in 2012.

Rooney died after a long illness on April 6, 2014 at his home in Los Angeles, California. He was 93 years old.


Donkey Kong (handheld game)

The gameplay in the first 4 levels is the same as the first "Donkey Kong" game, but then it becomes more like the "Mario vs. Donkey Kong" game in the next levels.

Meteora

The Metéora (, "suspended rocks", "suspended in the air" or "in the heavens above") is the name for a number of monasteries in Greece. Several Eastern Orthodox monasteries are part of the complex, located in Kalambaka, Greece. The site is almost as important as Mount Athos. The monasteries are built on natural sandstone rock pillars, at the northwestern edge of the Plain of Thessaly near the Peneios river and Pindus Mountains, in central Greece. The Metéora is home to six monasteries and is included on the UNESCO World Heritage List. Metéora's criteria for the UNESCO World Heritage Site are I, II, IV, V and VII.


Syllogism

A syllogism is a deduction. It is a kind of logical argument in which one proposition (the "conclusion") is inferred from two or more others (the premises). The idea is an invention of Aristotle.

In the "Prior Analytics", Aristotle defines the syllogism as "a discourse in which, certain things having been supposed, something different from the things supposed results of necessity because these things are so". (24b18–20)

Each proposition must have some form of the verb 'to be' in it. A categorical syllogism is like a little machine built of three parts: the major premise, the minor premise and the conclusion. Each of these parts is a proposition and, from the first two, the "truth value" of the third part is decided.

Each of the three distinct terms represents a category. In the above example, "men," "mortal," and "Greeks." "Mortal" is the major term; "Greeks", the minor term. The premises also have one term in common with each other, which is known as the "middle term"; in this example, "man." Both of the premises are universal, as is the conclusion.

Here, the major term is "die", the minor term is "men," and the middle term is "mortals". The major premise is universal; the minor premise and the conclusion are particular. Aristotle studied different syllogisms and identified valid syllogisms as syllogisms with conclusion true if both premises are true. The examples above are valid syllogisms.

A sorites is a form of argument in which a series of incomplete syllogisms is so arranged that the predicate of each premise forms the subject of the next until the subject of the first is joined with the predicate of the last in the conclusion. For example, if one argues that a given number of grains of sand does not make a heap and that an additional grain does not either, then to conclude that no additional amount of sand will make a heap is to construct a sorites argument.

The syllogism was replaced by first order logic after the work of Gottlob Frege, published in 1879. This logic is suitable for mathematics, computers, linguistics and other subjects, because it uses numbers (quantified variables) instead of sentences.

Disgaea: Hour of Darkness

Disgaea: Hour of Darkness, known in Japan as , is a tactical role-playing video game made by Nippon Ichi for the PlayStation 2 game console. It was published in North America by Atlus, and in PAL regions by Koei. It was later re-released for the PlayStation Portable with extra content, and again on the Nintendo DS. It's about a demon named Laharl, another demon named Etna, and an angel named Flonne. It has two sequels called "" and "", though the characters in this game are not the main characters in those games. It's linked to a game that was out earlier called "", and later games that were made called "Phantom Brave" and "" that have "Disgaea" cameos. It has an anime called "Makai Senki Disgaea".

The game is based in a place called the Netherworld, where demons live. The game also goes outside of the Netherworld to Celestia, a place where angels live, and Earth.


"Disgaea" starts in a castle where the player controls Laharl. He or she can buy weapons, armor, accessories, and items, cure their team at a hospital, go to a place called Item World, go to a place called the Dark Assembly, or go to another place through a portal.
The main gameplay is a turn-based strategy role-playing game. The characters start from a blue portal on the level, and the player can take up to ten people out for a battle. The level is on a grid, and each character can move a certain number of spaces. The player can do many things after they are out of the portal, like attacking, defending, or throwing someone.
There are many kinds of items like weapons, armors, accessories, and help items.
There are two main kinds of character types - human-shaped characters, like Humans, Angels, and Demons who look like humans, and Monster characters, which are demons who do not look like humans.
The Item World is a world where the player can send the characters into an item. The levels in the Item World are randomly made, and at every ten floors, there's a more powerful enemy and an exit. The more floors the player goes to, the stronger the item gets. In Item World, there are also characters called Specialists. If one of the player's characters kills them, they are captured, and make the item more powerful in some ways. For example, if the player captures a Gladiator, the item boosts the attack power of who's holding it.
The Dark Assembly is a place where Laharl can go to propose a law, which include a law that gets more expensive 

The PlayStation 2 version of "Disgaea" got an award from IGN for "Best Game no one Played" in 2003.


Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure

Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure is a 2003 American direct-to-video animated movie, and the sequel to the 1973 movie "Charlotte's Web". The movie was released in the United States on March 18, 2003. The movie was produced by Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, Universal Animation Studios, and Nickelodeon; and distributed by Paramount Home Entertainment in North America and Universal Studios Home Entertainment overseas.

The movie is about a pig named Wilbur, who lives on a farm and has to take care of three young spiders, who are the daughters of the older spider Charlotte who died in the first movie. He must also save his new friend, a friendly black lamb named Cardigan, from being eaten an evil fox named Farley. The sequel was not received very well, with Robert Pardi of TV Guide stating that the movie does not capture the heart and spirit of the original. He also criticized the animation (which he called mediocre, or bad). Mike Long of DVD Talk also said that the animation was mediocre and resembled a Saturday morning cartoon, and that the story was lame.

The movie starts in springtime, about a year after Charlotte has died. Charlotte's three daughters, Nellie, Aranea, and Joy, are now teenagers, with Wilbur taking care of them. During this time, Wilbur becomes friends with a newborn lamb named Cardigan, who is rejected by the other lambs and the younger sheep of his flock because he has black wool. Wilbur takes Cardigan under his wing and shows him the farm, the ways of animal life, and dangers to look out for. However, after only a few weeks, farmer Zuckerman suddenly sells Cardigan to another farmer, so Wilbur, along with Charlotte's daughters and Templeton the Rat, set out to visit Cardigan and make sure he is okay.

However, Wilbur is hungry so he gets some grapes which make him look purple. Some bark from the trees comes and lands on his head. This makes him look like a wild pig. A near hit by a car then reveals that two other guys have now seen the wild pig. This makes it hard for Wilbur to visit Cardigan.

Meanwhile, an evil fox named Farley comes and steals a hen from the barn. Farley comes and steals Cardigan from the barn, and plans to eat him. Wilbur now must save his friend, and does so by trapping him in a "pig web". Charlotte's daughters spin the word "fox" in a spider web, and Fern arrives just in time to save Wilbur. The fox, while not shown, is probably disposed of. Aranea and Joy decide to stay with Cardigan, and the movie ends as Wilbur has to baby sit Templeton's kids. He had promised to do this earlier when Templeton had to get Wilbur out of some brambles bushes, which also helped make him look like a wild pig.


Robert Pardi of TV Guide reviewed the movie saying "This 20-years-later follow-up fails to capture the zest (heart/spirt) of the original cartoon, transforming (turning) E. B. White's beloved characters into cute sidekicks worthy of Barney." He also said the animation was poor (bad). Mike long, of DVD Talk, reviewed the movie saying "The lame story isn't helped by the mediocre (bad) at best animation. The art has no real style and could have come from any Saturday morning cartoon. He continuously called the movie different and humorus names: "Charlotte's Web 2: The Quickening", "Charlotte's Web 2: Dead by Dawn", "Charlotte's Web 2: Island of Lost Dreams", "Charlotte's Web 2: The Nightmare Isn't Over", "Charlotte's Web 2: When Nature Calls", and "Charlotte's Web 2: The Wrath of Khan". He went on to say that "as "Charlotte's Web" is one of my all-time favorite stories, I had a great interest in "Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure". However, what I found was a bargain-basement sequel that does nothing to advance the original stories or characters. The DVD offers a very nice transfer, but the extras are pointless. There will be no spiders claiming that this is "Some DVD"." Out of five stars, he gave the content a one, the video a four, the audio a four, the extras a one, and the overall reply a one, with the advice to skip it. The one reviewer on Rotten Tomatoes that weighed in on the movie, Brian Webster of apolloguide.com, gave it rotten as well. Their summery of their review was "This is the sort of bland adventure that kids will have seen a hundred times before, with not-so-tense near-misses and not-so-exciting chases along the way."



1 Maccabees

The Book of 1 Maccabees (pronounced First Maccabees) is a book of the Bible written in Hebrew around the year 100 BC by a Jewish author. It is part of the Old Testament in Catholic and Orthodox Christianity but is generally not seen as canonical in Protestantism. It talks about the period in Jewish history between 175 BC and 134 BC, when the Seleucid Empire ruled over Israel and forced their culture and religion onto the Jewish people. Angry at these developments, many Jews rebelled against the imperialists and overthrew the tyranny. Their struggles and battles form the majority of the Book of 1 Maccabees.

Prahova County

Prahova () is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in the historical region of Muntenia. The capital of Prahova County is Ploieşti.

Prahova County has an area of 4,716 square kilometers. The main river in Prahova County is the Prahova River.

Prahova County has 2 municipalities, 12 towns and 90 communes.




Lizzie McGuire

Lizzie McGuire is a American children's situation comedy television show. It was shown from 2001 through 2004 on the Disney Channel. It is about the life of a young girl (Hilary Duff as Lizzie McGuire) growing up. There was a 2003 film based on the show called "The Lizzie McGuire Movie". There was also a series of books, a magazine and toys. The soundtrack to the show was released on CD and sold a million copies.



Izvoarele, Prahova

Izvoarele is a commune in Prahova County, Romania.

Talea, Prahova

Talea is a commune of Prahova County, Romania.

Comarnic

Comarnic is a town of Prahova County in Romania. About 13,000 people live in Comarnic.

Azuga

Azuga is a town in the mountains of Prahova County in the Wallachian area of Romania. Azuga is found at the base of the Bucegi Mountains. About 5,200 people live in Azuga as of the year 2002. The town is a very busy and active ski resort.

Breaza

Breaza is a town in Prahova County, Romania. About 18,800 people live in Breaza as of the year 2002.

Breaza (disambiguation)

Breaza can be any one of several places in Romania:


Suceava

Suceava is the capital city of Suceava County, in Romania. 107,513 people were living in Suceava as of July 1, 2004.


Baiu Mountains

The Baiu Mountains are a group of mountains in the central part of Romania. They are part of the Eastern Carpathians.


Valea Doftanei

Valea Doftanei is a commune in Prahova County, Romania.

Harghita County

Harghita (; ; ) is a county (judeţ) in the central part of Romania, in the eastern part of Transylvania. The capital of Harghita County is Miercurea-Ciuc.

Harghita County has an area of 6,639 square kilometers. 

Two of the most important rivers in Romania, the Mureş River and the Olt River, start in Harghita County.

Harghita County has 4 municipalities, 5 towns, and 58 communes.



Frumoasa, Harghita

Frumoasa is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.

Remetea, Bihor

Remetea is a commune in Bihor County, in the western of Romania. 

Pietroasa, Bihor

Pietroasa is a commune in Bihor County, in the northwestern part of Romania. About 3,300 people live in Pietroasa.

Reprise Records

Reprise Records is an American record label, founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra, which is owned by Warner Music Group, and operated through Warner Bros. Records. Reprise is best known for recording Green Day since 1994.

Reprise was formed in 1960 by Frank Sinatra in order to allow more artistic freedom for his own recordings. He had earlier been with Capitol Records, but was upset when Capitol issued an album, "Come Fly with Me", whose cover had a picture of him in front of an airplane with a Trans-World Airlines (TWA) logo. He believed Capitol and TWA were profiting together from his image, and left him out.

Reprise's artists included Sinatra's longtime friend Dean Martin, who was a singer and comedian, with a popular television show. Sinatra's daughter, Nancy Sinatra, became a recording artist and singer, and signed with her father's label. (His advice to her, whoever she signed with, was to "Own your own masters", and she did that. Years later, her catalog was valuable, and she earned more money from her records than if she was not their owner.) Reprise also released records by Jimi Hendrix, and later Neil Young.




Rob Cavallo

Rob Cavallo (born March 21, 1963) is a record producer. He both signed and produced Green Day. He has made a number of other albums. He is now a senior vice-president at Reprise Records.























Selling out

Selling out means giving away one's integrity, morality and principles in exchange for money, 'success' or other personal gain. Some people think that it happens in art when what they think is weird becomes more like mainstream society, so it will make more money. Selling out is seen as getting success at the cost of credibility.


Longview (song)

"Longview" is the first major-label single released by punk band Green Day. It is from their 1994 album "Dookie".


Basket Case (song)

"Basket Case" is a song by the band, Green Day from its third album "Dookie". The song ended up being a huge hit, spending five weeks at the top of the Modern Rock Tracks chart after it was released. The song was written by frontman Billie Joe Armstrong about his struggle with anxiety; before he was diagnosed with a panic disorder, and he thought he was going crazy.


It should be noted that, while the song was extremely popular in the United States, even reaching hit number 26 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay, the lack of a commercial single stopped the song from charting on the "Billboard" Hot 100.


When I Come Around

"When I Come Around" is a 1994 single from Green Day's album "Dookie". It was the final single from the album. It was #1 on the Modern Rock Tracks for seven weeks.



"Side A."

"Side B."

Crater (disambiguation)

Crater can be:

Hercules (constellation)

Hercules is a constellation in the northern part of the sky. It represents the mythological Hercules of Greek mythology. It was one of the 48 constellations listed by an astronomer known as Ptolemy around the year 150 CE. It is now one of the 88 modern constellations on the International Astronomical Union's list.

Aquila (constellation)

Aquila is a constellation. The name means 'eagle' in Latin. The constellation is normally represented as an eagle.

Aquila is just a few degrees North of the celestial equator. The constellation is best seen in the summer as it is along the Milky Way. Because of this location along the line of our galaxy, many clusters and nebulae are within its borders. However, they are dim and there are not many galaxies.

Aquila was one of the 48 constellations described by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy. It had been earlier mentioned by Eudoxus in the 4th century BC and Aratus in the 3rd century BC. It is now one of the 88 constellations defined by the International Astronomical Union.

The Greek Aquila is probably based on the Babylonian constellation of the Eagle (MUL.A.MUSHEN), which is in the same area as the Greek constellation.

Two major novae have been observed in Aquila. The first one was in 389 BC and was recorded as being as bright as Venus. The other was in 1918 and is known as (Nova Aquilae 1918). It briefly shone brighter than Altair, the brightest star in Aquila.

Three interesting planetary nebulae lie in Aquila:

In illustrations of Aquila that represent it as an eagle, a nearly straight line of three stars symbolizes part of the wings. The center and brightest of these three stars is Altair. The tips of the wings spread out to the southeast and northwest. The head of the eagle stretches off to the southwest.

In mythology, Aquila was owned by the Roman god Jupiter and did many tasks for him.

In a book by Gavin White, the Babylonian Eagle carried the constellation called the Dead Man (LU.USH) in its talons. The author also draws a comparison to the Classical stories of Antinous and Ganymede.

In classical Greek mythology, Aquila was identified as Αετός Δίας ("Aetos Dios"). He was the eagle that carried the thunderbolts of Zeus. He was sent by Zeus to carry the shepherd boy Ganymede to Mount Olympus. The constellation of Aquarius is sometimes identified with Ganymede.

In the Chinese love story of Qi Xi, Niu Lang (Altair) and his two children (β and γ Aquilae) are separated forever from their wife and mother Zhi Nu (Vega) who is on the far side of the river, the Milky Way.

In Hinduism, the constellation Aquila is identified with the half-eagle half-human deity Garuda.

In Chinese astronomy, ζ Aql is within the Heavenly Market Enclosure (天市垣, "Tiān Shì Yuán"), and the other stars of the constellation are placed within the Black Tortoise of the North (北方玄武, "Běi Fāng Xuán Wǔ").



Libra (constellation)

Libra (, , symbol , Unicode ) is a constellation of the zodiac. 

It lies between Virgo to the west and Scorpius to the east. It once represented the claws of Scorpius.

The brightest stars in Libra form a rectangle:


α and β Librae are the scales' balance beam, and γ and σ are the weighing pans.

σ Librae was formerly known as γ Scorpii even though it is well inside the boundaries of Libra. It was not renamed as σ Librae until 1851 (by Benjamin A. Gould).

Scorpius

Scorpius (Latin for "scorpion", symbol , Unicode ♏) is one of the constellations of the zodiac. In western astrology it is also known as "Scorpio". It is a large constellation in the Southern Hemisphere near the center of the Milky Way. Its brightest star is the red supergiant Antares. The blue hypergiant Zeta1 Scorpii is even brighter but smaller and further away.




Sagittarius (constellation)

The constellation Sagittarius (meaning "the Archer") is a group of stars in one area of the night sky. The stars are in the shape of a centaur archer. This constellation is part of the Western zodiac.

The Milky Way is at its densest near Sagittarius, as this is where the galactic center lies. Consequently, Sagittarius contains many star clusters and nebulae. One of the brightest of the star clusters is Messier 55, about 7.5° west of δ Sgr.

The complex radio source Sagittarius A is here. Astronomers believe that one of its components, known as Sagittarius A*, is associated with a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy, with a mass of 2.6 million solar masses.


Ursa Major

Ursa Major is a constellation that can be seen in the northern hemisphere and part of the southern hemisphere. Its name means Great Bear in Latin. It was named that because many different groups of people around the world have thought that its stars look a lot like a bear with a long tail. It is often used as a symbol for "north".

According to Greek mythology, Ursa Major was once the beautiful maiden Callisto, whom the god Zeus had an affair with. In order to protect her and their son, Arcas, from his jealous wife Hera, Zeus turned Callisto and Arcas into bears. He then picked up the bears by their short, stubby tails and threw them into the sky.

The constellation cannot be seen from the southern areas of Patagonia, South Africa, Australia, and all of New Zealand except the Northland region.

Several bright galaxies are found in Ursa Major, including the pair Messier 81 (one of the brightest galaxies in the sky) and Messier 82 above the bear's head, and the Pinwheel galaxy (M101), a beautiful spiral galaxy northwest of the star η Ursae Majoris. Other well-known spiral galaxies are NGC 4102, NGC 4605, Messier 108 and Messier 109. The constellation has about 50 galaxies that can be seen with a small telescope. The Owl nebula, the brightest planetary nebula, can be found along the bottom of the bowl of the Big Dipper.

The seven stars in the northeast corner of Ursa Major form an called the Big Dipper (or the Plough in Great Britain). This group has been recognized by almost all groups of people who live or lived in places where it can be seen in the sky and it is one of the best-known star patterns. The Big Dipper is helpful in finding the north star because an imaginary line drawn through the two stars on the right side will point directly at the north star. These two stars are called The Pointers and they are very important on navigation by stars.

All of the stars in the Big Dipper except Dubhe and Alkaid are moving toward the same point in the sky through proper motion. This group of stars is known as the Ursa Major Moving Group.


Ursa Minor

Ursa Minor is a constellation in the northern sky. It is often called the Little Bear or the Little Dipper. Just like the related constellation Ursa Major, or the Big Bear or Big Dipper, it seems to have a long handle leading to a cup or ladle. The end of the handle is the North Star, called Polaris.

The ancient astronomer Ptolemy included Ursa Minor in his list of 48 constellations. It is now one of the 88 modern constellations. Ursa Minor is special because it includes the north celestial pole. However, this will change after several hundred years because the Earth will change the direction of its axis. That movement is called precession

Ursa Minor is often called the Little Dipper because its seven brightest stars seem to be in the shape of a dipper (ladle or scoop). The star at the end of the dipper handle is Polaris, the North Star.

Polaris is the brightest star in the constellation. It is a 'yellow-white' supergiant shining at 2.02 apparent magnitude. It belongs to an unusual class of stars called Cepheid variables. The brightness of Polaris can change. The second brightest star is β UMi (Kochab). It is a 2.08 orange giant star.

The four stars in the "bowl" of the little dipper are very useful for star watchers. They are of second, third, fourth and fifth magnitude. These stars are an easy guide to knowing what magnitude stars are visible. This is helpful for people who live in cities where light can make dim stars hard to see. It is also a way of testing your eyesight.

There is one dwarf galaxy in the area of the constellation. It is called Ursa Minor Dwarf.

Drawings of Ursa Minor often show it as a baby bear with an unusually long tail. In some stories, the tail is so long because the baby bear was held by the tail and spun around the pole.

Greek mythology connected Ursa Minor and Ursa Major to the story of Callisto and Arcas. However, one older version of the story has Boötes in place of Arcas. In that story Ursa Minor was a dog. This earlier tradition explains both the length of the tail and an older name for Polaris. The North Star used to be called "Cynosura" which means the dog's tail.

In another story from early Greek mythology, the seven stars of the Little Dipper were seven sisters. They were Atlas' daughters, the Hesperides. They were part of a story with the nearby constellations Boötes, Ursa Major, and Draco.




Polaris (star)

Polaris (Alpha Ursae Minoris) is the Pole Star or North Star. 

It is the brightest star in the constellation Ursa Minor. It is almost straight above Earth's North Pole. Because of this, when it is seen from Earth, it looks like it always stays in the same place in the sky. For centuries, sailors in the northern hemisphere used Polaris to help them figure out where they were on the ocean and what way they were moving.

Polaris is part of a triple star system. It has a very close dwarf binary, and a larger star, Polaris B, which orbits 2,400 AU away.

The main star, Polaris A, is a giant with 4.5 times the mass of the Sun and a diameter of 45 million kilometers. It is a classic Cepheid variable, the closest to us in the whole Milky Way. Polaris B can be seen even with a modest telescope. It was found by William Herschel in 1780 using one of the most powerful telescopes of the time: his own reflecting telescope. The nearby dwarf star, Ab, was predicted in 1929, but only seen quite recently. The dwarf orbits as close to A as Uranus is to our sun.

Even though Polaris is the North Star today, this has not always been the case. The place in the sky that the Earth's north pole points at changes slowly over time. This movement is called stellar precession. In 3000 BC, a faint star called Thuban in the constellation of Draco was the North Star. Polaris did not become the North Star until about AD 500. It will get closer to straight above the Earth's north pole until sometime in 2102. Then it will move away again. It will be the closest star to the pole until about AD 3000.

Surprisingly, considering its relative nearness, its distance is not yet known for certain. Many recent papers calculate the distance to Polaris at about 434 light-years (133 parsecs). However, some suggest it may be as much as 30% closer. If correct, this would be especially notable because Polaris is the closest Cepheid variable to Earth. Its physical parameters are critical to the whole astronomical distance scale.

There is no star in the southern hemisphere which plays a similar role to Polaris. The star at the celestial south pole, Sigma Octantis, is much dimmer, so it is basically useless.

Hypercube

In geometry, a hypercube is an "n"-dimensional analogue of a square () and a cube (). It is a closed, compact, convex figure whose 1-skeleton consists of groups of opposite parallel line segments aligned in each of the space's dimensions, perpendicular to each other and of the same length. A unit hypercube's longest diagonal in "n" dimension is equal to formula_1.

An "n"-dimensional hypercube is also called an n"-cube or an n"-dimensional cube. The term "measure polytope" is also used, notably in the work of H. S. M. Coxeter (originally from Elte, 1912), but it has now been superseded.

The hypercube is the special case of a hyperrectangle (also called an "n-orthotope").

A unit hypercube is a hypercube whose side has length one unit. Often, the hypercube whose corners (or "vertices") are the 2 points in R with each coordinate equal to 0 or 1 is called "the" unit hypercube.

A hypercube can be defined by increasing the numbers of dimensions of a shape:

This can be generalized to any number of dimensions. This process of sweeping out volumes can be formalized mathematically as a Minkowski sum: the "d"-dimensional hypercube is the Minkowski sum of "d" mutually perpendicular unit-length line segments, and is therefore an example of a zonotope.

The 1-skeleton of a hypercube is a hypercube graph.



Iron Man 2

Iron Man 2 is a 2010 American superhero movie. It is based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man. It is the sequel to the 2008 movie "Iron Man" and the third movie for the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

It was directed by Jon Favreau and written by Justin Theroux. It stars Robert Downey, Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Rockwell and Mickey Rourke. The story is set six months after the events of "Iron Man". Tony Stark has revealed his identity as Iron Man. He is resisting calls by the United States government to hand over the technology. Ivan Vanko, meanwhile, has developed the same technology and built weapons of his own.

After the successful release of "Iron Man", Marvel Studios announced and immediately set to work on producing a sequel. In July of that same same year, Theroux was hired to write the script. Favreau was signed to return and direct. Downey and Paltrow were to repeat their roles from "Iron Man". Cheadle was brought in to replace Terrence Howard in the role of James Rhodes. In early 2009, Rourke, Rockwell and Johansson completed the supporting cast. The movie went into production that summer. Like its predecessor, the movie was shot mostly in California, except for a key sequence in Monaco.

Alternative Airplay

Alternative Airplay is a music chart in the United States. It was named Modern Rock Tracks from 1988 to 2009. It ranks the 40 most-played songs on alternative rock radio stations. Since September 10, 1988, Alternative Airplay has appeared in "Billboard" magazine.


Pokémon Pinball: Ruby &amp; Sapphire

Pokémon Pinball: Ruby & Sapphire is a 2003 Game Boy Advance video game made by Jupiter and published by Nintendo. It is the sequel to the Game Boy Color video game "Pokémon Pinball".

Non-fiction

Non-fiction is writing about facts. Although non-fiction is supposed to be truthful, sometimes it may not be. People normally assume that authors mean to be truthful, but they might make mistakes. Writing is normally split into two parts: non-fiction and fiction. As well as non-fiction books, there are also pictures and films.


Charlotte's Web (1973 movie)

Charlotte's Web is a 1973 animated movie, based on the book from 1952 with the same name by E. B. White. It was made into an animated musical movie by Hanna Barbera Productions and Sagittarius Productions in 1973. The movie, sent to theaters by Paramount Pictures on March 1, 1973, is the first of only three Hanna Barbera movies not based upon one of their famous television cartoons. The song score of music and lyrics was written by the Sherman Brothers.

The movie has stayed popular over the years because of television and VHS; in 1994 the movie was one of the best selling movies of the year, 21 years after its first premiere. No other non-Disney musical animated movie has become so popular again later. This new popularity helped to create a direct-to-video sequel, "", which Paramount released in the US on March 18, 2003 (Universal released the movie internationally), followed by a live-action movie version of E. B. White's original story, which was released on December 15, 2006. The movie was presented by Pulitzer Prize in 1985, the year in which author E. B. White died. E. B. White himself wrote about it.

A litter of 11 piglets are born to a mother pig on a farm owned by the Arable family. The 11th of the 11 baby pigs, named Wilbur, is a very small and the mother pig can't feed him. So John Arable decides to "do away" with Wilbur. However, when his daughter, Fern Arable, hears of the pig's fate she rescues him and tells her father it is unfair to kill Wilbur since he is smaller than the others. John agrees and Fern is allowed to keep the little piglet as a pet. Fern and Wilbur loved each other. Fern takes Wilbur around in a baby carriage and gives him a bath. However, after only six weeks of raising him, John Arable tells Fern that it is time for him to be sold. Wilbur was no longer a baby piglet but a full grown boar. Fern sadly says good-bye as Wilbur is sold down the street to her uncle, Homer Zuckerman. When Wilbur wants to play with a lamb, the lamb's father says that sheep do not play with pigs because it is only a matter of time before they are turned into smoked bacon and ham. Wilbur starts crying saying that he does not want to die, but a voice from above tells him to "chin up". Wilbur goes to sleep feeling better.

The next day the voice sings a song about "chinning up", and reveals herself to be a spider named Charlotte A. Cavatica. Charlotte A. Cavatica saves Wilbur by writing messages in her web, which is why the movie is called "Charlotte's Web." She starts to write messages in her web, calling him "terrific" and "some pig." The messages get a lot of attention from the media and other neighbors to the fair. Wilbur is such a media hit that this convinces the Arables, Zuckermans and Fussys to keep him and not kill him. Charlotte A. Cavatica eventually lays her eggs and dies. When the baby spiders are born (514), most of them leave. Three of them stay, and for a number of years a few of Charlotte A. Cavatica's kids stay around the farm and keep Wilbur company. But as much as Wilbur loves them, they will never replace the memory of his friend Charlotte A. Cavatica.

The movie was released to theaters on March 1, 1973 by Paramount Pictures in the United States. It was released on February 22, 1973 in New York City in less theaters, and also released in West Germany on March 30, 1973, as well as August 11 in Sweden, and August 25 in Japan.

Rotten Tomatoes says that the movie has a 74% "fresh" rating based on 19 reviews, with a score of 6.6. The RT community gave the movie an 86% approval rating, with a score of 7/10. Craig Butler of All-Movie Guide criticized the animation and the musical score, but said it was close to the book. He said that, “no attempt has been made to soften the existential sadness at the story's core” (no one tried to soften the major sad parts of the story, like when Charlotte A. Cavatica dies at the end). Dan Jardine criticized the songs and the “Saturday morning cartoon quality” of the animation, but also says that Hamner kept just enough of White’s prose to keep the movie from being only an experiment that did not work out. Christopher Null of Filmcritic.com said that the animation is sometimes “downright bad, but E. B. White's classic fable needs little to make it come to life”. He later went on to say that the movie is “a must-own for anyone with children, and a must-see for everyone else.” He rated it four out of five stars. When it was reissued on DVD the movie was awarded an Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Gold Award.

According to Gene Deitch, a director of animation and friend of E. B. White, the author's wife wrote the following words in a 1977 letter: "We have never ceased to regret that your version of "Charlotte's Web" never got made. The Hanna-Barberra version has never pleased either of us... a travesty..." E.B. White himself wrote of the film: "The story is interrupted every few minutes so that somebody can sing a jolly song. I do not care much for jolly songs. The Blue Hill Fair, which I tried to report faithfully in the book, has become a Disney World, with 76 trombones. But that's what you get for getting embroiled in Hollywood."


"Chin Up" is sung by Charlotte A. Cavatica the spider when she first meets Wilbur the pig in the barnyard. She convinces him to look on the bright side.

"I Can Talk!" is sung by Wilbur the pig who had previously been unable to utter words. The Goose realizes as she is sitting on her eggs that her new neighbor in the pen beside her, Wilbur the pig, has not been eating his food, and that he seems to be sad. She offers him an ear if he will come over to her and talk since she cannot get off of her eggs. But soon she realizes that Wilbur cannot talk. She encourages him to try... And with a couple grunts, and a "Wa... Wa... Wa" "Wi... Wi... Will...bur.. WILBUR!" Suddenly, with the Goose's help, Wilbur realizes he can talk and say all the things he wants. Wilbur sings a song about his new talking skills, while waking up some of the other farm animals with his excitement.

"A Veritable Smorgasbord" is introduced and sung in the story by the Goose, sung again by the Goose And Templeton. It is sung another time, this time at a "double time" tempo sung solo by Templeton.

"Zuckerman's Famous Pig" is the title given to Wilbur the pig hero which saves him from being killed in the story, and the theme of the finale song in the movie. The song was composed and arranged in a barbershop quartet style by the Sherman Brothers, in keeping with the time and place of the story. It was covered by the Brady Kids and was chosen for release on their first single taken from "The Brady Bunch Phonographic Album" by producer Jackie Mills.

"We've Got Lots In Common" is sung by Wilbur to the new gosling (baby goose), Jeffery, who, like Wilbur, is a runt. Wilbur passes on one of the lessons which Charlotte A. Cavatica has taught him. The other barnyard animals sing along as well. In the advertisement for suppliers of the movie, a rare piece of footage of the Sherman Brothers singing "We've Got Lots In Common" can be seen. In this part, Richard Sherman plays piano while Robert Sherman stands over his brother's shoulder and sings along. The song was filmed in an unnamed recording studio in Los Angeles in 1972.

"Mother Earth And Father Time" is introduced in the story by Charlotte A. CAvatica and sang a second time in the movie as Charlotte A. Cavatica is dying. According to "The Annotated Charlotte's Web" by Peter F. Neumeyer, some fans of the book are not in favor of the song's placement in the movie because it ruins E. B. White's strong words from the book, "...And she didn't move again." which many people find extremely moving. The Sherman Brothers' father, songwriter Al Sherman, believed the "Charlotte's Web" song score, and "Mother Earth And Father Time" in particular, to be the brothers' finest work. The lyric addresses the idea of thinking about one's life. In the storyline the song is sung by Charlotte A. Cavatica at the end of her life. Ironically, Al Sherman died shortly after the movie was released.

"There Must Be Something More" is introduced in the story when Fern Arable is learning about love from a little runt she saved from an "untimely death", when her father was about to "do away with it". Fern Arable found it to be an injustice, and relates herself, saying to her father if she had been small, would he have killed her too? Her father gives in and lets her raise the pig she names Wilbur. Fern Arable learns about love and life through Wilbur, and sings a song to tell Wilbur just how much she loves him. The song goes through the first two weeks of Wilbur's life with Fern Arable. The song is sung by Fern Arable to a baby Wilbur in a motherly way. The song is then sang again briefly by Wilbur when Fern Arable gets a bit older begins to show an interest in young "Henry Fussy". Suddenly Wilbur is no longer so important in Fern Arable's life. Charlotte A. Cavatica explains to Wilbur that this is the nature of the world.

"Charlotte's Web" is the title song of the movie. In the movie the song is sung back-to-back with "Deep In The Dark". The title song was covered by The Brady Bunch among others. In the movie, Charlotte A. Cavatica tells Wilbur to go to sleep, and she would see him in the morning, and she sings a song called "Deep In The Dark" to put the barnyard to sleep. "The Brady Bunch Phonographic Album" features three Sherman Brothers songs including "River Song" from "Tom Sawyer", "Zuckerman's Famous Pig" and "Charlotte's Web". Their cover of the song is also featured on their "Greatest hits" album "It's A Sunshine Day: The Best Of The Brady Bunch".


Sphinx

A sphinx (Boeotian: , plural sphinxes or sphinges) is a mythical creature with the head of a human, the body of a lion, and the wings of an eagle.

In ancient Greek mythology, this is a monster with the head of a woman, the front feet and body of a lion, the wings of an eagle, and the tail of a bull. This is an evil creature. It kills people and then eats them. This is the character of the legend of Oedipus.

In Egyptian mythology, the sphinx is usually a kind creature, but it has same power as in the Greek version. Both Greek and Egyptian sphinxes guard something, and statues of sphinxes stand near the doors to palaces.

During the Renaissance in Europe, people made the sphinx in different ways. This was because people had translated the description of the sphinx into Renaissance languages differently.
However, pictures of the sphinx are usually associated with the Egyptian Sphinx.
The word sphinx comes from the Greek word Σφίγξ, meaning "compress", "pull up" because this is how lions kill the animals that they eat.
However, the historian Susan Wise Bauer suggests that the word "sphinx" was instead a Greek corruption of the Egyptian name "shesepankh".

Indian culture also has pictures of lion-men.
Some palaces are decorated with lion-men.

A sphinx dates back to the Old Kingdom of Egypt, and its name comes from the Ancient Greek name for a "stranger". The Sphinx is also common in South and South-East Asia, and was popular in Europe from the times of the Renaissance. The Sphinx was famous for riddles. It was used to protect the pyramids of Giza. Giza has ahead of a man and the body of a lion. One notable sphinx appears in the legend of Oedipus and killed travellers who failed to correctly answer a riddle about the three ages of man ("Which creature has one voice, but travels on four legs in the morning, two in the afternoon and three in the evening?"). Oedipus correctly solved it ("Man-he crawls on all fours as a baby, in adulthood, he walks upright, and in old age, he walks with a cane").

Ulysses

'Ulysses' is the Latin name for Odysseus, a character in ancient Greek literature.

Ulysses can also be:

Safe sex

Safe sex (also called Safer sex or protected sex) is to have sex in a safe way. There are many dangers with having sex. Perhaps the most well-known are:

There are many ways of having safe sex. Some of these include:

Commons

Commons may refer to:


Ted Hughes

Ted Hughes OM, (17 August 1930 – 28 October 1998) was an English poet and writer of children's stories. He was born in Mytholmroyd, West Riding of Yorkshire. He was married to the American poet Sylvia Plath from 1956 until her suicide in 1963. From 1984 until his death, he was the British Poet Laureate. He died of colorectal cancer in London, aged 68.


Biffy Clyro

Biffy Clyro, often called Biffy by fans, are a Scottish rock band. The band are signed to Roadrunner Records and have released four albums and an EP. Their fourth album "Puzzle" got them much mainstream and popular attention. 

Black Stone Cherry

Black Stone Cherry are a rock band from Kentucky, USA. They are signed to Roadrunner Records and have released two albums, called "Black Stone Cherry" and "Folklore and Superstition". The band has had several songs reach the top 30 of Billboard's Top Mainstream Rock Songs, including "Lonely Train", which reached #14 on that chart in 2006.



Jerry Wexler

Gerald "Jerry" Wexler (January 10, 1917 – August 15, 2008) was a music journalist who became a music producer, and was thought of as an important name in his field from the 1950s through the 1980s. He came up with the term "Rhythm & Blues", and was important in working with big people in music of the last 50 years, such Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin, Led Zeppelin, Wilson Pickett, Dusty Springfield, and Bob Dylan. Wexler became part of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.


Mick Foley

Michael Francis "Mick" Foley, Sr (born March 31, 1966 is an American author, actor and professional wrestler. He has wrestled under the names Dude Love, Cactus Jack, and Mankind.

A hardcore specialist, Foley is known as "The King of Hardcore Wrestling". He is a former ECW, WCW and WWE Tag Team Champion and was a part of the "Rock and Sock Connection" with wrestler The Rock.

He has held the WWE Championship 3 times. He has held the TNA World Heavyweight Championship after defeating Sting at Lockdown 2008. In WWE he has won a total of 17 championships.

He was announced as the first inductee into the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2013.

Memoirs

Children's fiction

Contemporary fiction


Cyclic redundancy check

A Cyclic redundancy check (often shortened to CRC) is a way to calculate a checksum, based on a polynomial. In computer science, CRCs are used to check that no errors occurred transmitting the data. The transmitted messages are divided into predetermined lengths which, used as dividends, are divided by a fixed divisor. The remainder of the calculation is appended onto and sent with the computer recalculates the remainder. If it does not match the transmitted remainder, an error is detected. At this point, the data is re-sent. Ethernet packets have a (CRC) code. 

For example: 

If 'm' is your message of 16 bits, and you are calculating a CRC of 8 bits (CRC-8), then let 'x' be message 'm' appended by 7 zeroes. Let 'y' be a "" number. Divide 'x' by 'y', until you obtain a remainder that is not divisible further. Take this remainder and subtract it from the "magic" number 'y' and add this result to 'x' to obtain 'z'. 'z' is now a multiple of the "magic" number 'y' and dividing 'z' by 'y' will give a zero remainder. 'z' can now be transmitted to the receiver. The receiver will perform this division and check if the remainder is zero to confirm that there were no errors in transmission. The message can be recovered by simply reading the most significant 16 bits in the 24 bit transmission. 

In real world systems, these long division operations are performed in hardware by bit-shifting and XORing, a feat which is trivial for digital electronics to perform at extremely high speeds. 

Bucov

Bucov is a commune in the Prahova County, Romania. About 10,500 people live in Bucov as of the year 2002.

Padded cell

A padded cell is a special room in a hospital for mentally ill people. It's made so that the patients can be put there when they go through a crisis (or they have a fit or seizure). They are put there so they can go through their crisis on their own, without putting others into danger. Padded cells are made in special ways so that those having the crisis cannot hurt themselves. Padded cells have been used for a long time in psychiatry. In the 1980s, their use declined in Europe. This is because there are drugs that can be given that make them nearly unnecessary. 

They are still widely used, especially in Africa and Asia. 

Seizures and crises are usually very tiring. For this reason, patients usually only spend a short time in these cells. They usually collapse because of fatigue rather quickly. When they do, they need medical attention quickly.

Rüttenen

Rüttenen is a municipality in Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

The Feeling

The Feeling are a five person band that come from Sussex, England. The bands music is classed as pop. They have been nominated for many awards including a BRIT award in 2006. 

The first of their four top 10 singles was the song "Sewn" in March 2006. It was one of 2006's most played songs. It was first played on BBC Radio 2. The Feeling's debut album was named "Twelve Stops and Home", which made it to number two in the UK album chart.

Mangwal

Mangwal is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°6'30N 72°49'32E.

Mangwal, Afghanistan

Mangwal is a village in Kunar Province, Afghanistan. It is at 34°36'7N 70°49'41E. Its height is .

Geography of Afghanistan

Afghanistan is in the middle of Asia. The country is landlocked and mountainous, and has most of the Hindu Kush mountains. There are four major rivers in the country: the Amu Darya, the Hari River, the Kabul River and the Helmand River. The country also contains a number of smaller rivers, lakes, and streams.

Afghanistan has 5529 km of borders. They are with neighbouring countries:

The borders are called "porous". That means that in many places people can cross over with not much official control.

Afghanistan has a lot of rugged mountains known as the Hindu Kush as well areas of desert.



Afghanistan's natural resources include: natural gas, petroleum, coal, copper, uranium, gold, silver, chromite, talc, barites, sulfur, lead, zinc, iron ore, salt, precious and semiprecious stones.

The Hindu Kush reaches a height of 7485 m. / 24,557 ft. at Nowshak, Afghanistan's highest peak. Of the ranges extending southwestward from the Hindu Kush, the Koh-i-Baba reaches the greatest height (Shah Fuladi, 5,142 m /16,870 ft). The Safed Koh range, which includes the Tora Bora area, dominates the border area southeast of Kabul.

The area towards the Khyber Pass across the Safed Koh are in eastern Afghanistan; at the top the height is 1070 m. / 3,509 ft. at Landi Kotal. This area is near to Pakistan, the town of Torkham is five kilometres from Pakistan.


Menoitios

Menoitios (or Menoetius) was the Titan god (perhaps) of violent anger, rash action, and human mortality. Zeus struck him down with a thunderbolt and sent him to Erebos (the Underworld) as punishment for his hybristic behaviour.

He was a son of Iapetus and Clymene or Asia, and a brother of Atlas, Prometheus and Epimetheus. He was struck by Zeus with a flash of lightning, in the fight of the Titans, and thrown into Tartarus but he was not killed. (Hes. Theog. 507, &c., 514; Apollod. i. 2. § 3; Schol. ad Aeschyl. Prom. 347.)

The name Menoitios was derives from the Greek words "menos" meaning variously might, force, spirit, passion, batterage, and "oitos" meaning ill-fated or doomed. Hesiod also describes him as "hybristes", a violent, overbearing and insolent man. Menoitios and his brothers, the sons of Iapetos, were all depicted with extreme human foibles: Prometheus was overly crafty, Epimetheus a fool, and Atlas exceedingly daring.

Menoitios was perhaps identical to Menoites the herdsman of Hades, whom Herakles wrestled with in the underworld. This connection with cattle, suggests that he was also the same as Bouphagos (the Cattle Eater) son of Iapetos, a hybristic man who attacked the goddess Artemis in Arkadia.

Miani, Chakwal

Miani is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Miani

Miani can refer to:


Miani, Sindh

Miani or Meeanee was a village in Sindh, Pakistan, six miles north of Hyderabad. It was the site of the Battle of Miani, 17 February 1843, in which Sir Charles Napier defeated the ruler of Sindh and made it part of British India.

Hyderabad, Sindh

Hyderabad (Sindhi and ') is a city in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city was founded in 1768 by Mian Ghulam Shah Kalhoro on the ruins of a Mauryan fishing village along the bank of the Indus River known as Neroon Kot ().

Hyderabad used to be the capital of Sindh. Now it is the capital of the district of Hyderabad. Before the starting of Pakistan, it was known as the Paris of India, for its roads used to be washed with perfumed rose-water every day and sandalwood incense would linger in the air.

There are many prominent people who belong to Hyderabad Sindh. Among them are Dr. Ghulam Mustafa, Filmstar Muhammad Ali, Dr. Amir Liaqauat, Speaker National Assembly Fahmida Mirza, Qazi Asad Abid, Mustafa Qureshi, and Dr.Syed Mehboob, a writer and columnist, also born and educated in Hyderabad.

Miani, Punjab

Miani is a small town of Bhalwal Tehsil, Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is about 70 km from Sargodha city. 

Miani used to have a large population of Hindus before the partition of India. They had to leave their ancestral homes and move to India after partition. Sargodha itself was the homeland of Khatris and had a large concentration of the ancient Khatri clans. Khatris are found among both Hindu as well as Muslim Punjabis. Some Khatris were converted to Islam after he introduction of Islam into the Punjab. Miani continues to have a population of Muslim Khatris or Punjabi Shaikhs.

Pre-partition, there were also many Hindu Brahmin families living in Miani. There were Gosain Brahmins of six clans, some of which are Balak-nathiye, Dabre, Bhature. The details are available with Purohits at Haridwar, India, a most holy place for Hindus on the banks of holy river Ganges. They were living, before partition, in and around Jhikki Gali of Miani, which was near a 'Roni Khui' or a well. These Gosain families would marry their children into Bagge, Kapooriye Saraswat Brahmins of the region. Other Brahmin families of Miani were Mohyal Brahmins, mainly Dutt. A very large house belonging to a Dutt family still stands tall in Miani with the name 'Krishen Niwas' inscribed in Hindi on the elaborately carved, large wooden doors (for which Miani & Bhera were famous). This door has also engravings of Lord Krishna, cows, lotus etc. 

Miani was nicknamed Namak-Miani (salt Miani) because it was the main marketplace for salt that was mined from the mountains around Khewra. 

Vltava

Vltava is a river which flows through the Czech Republic and its capital city, Prague. It starts as two small springs and ends at the Elbe. Composer Bedřich Smetana wrote a symphonic poem about this river, sometimes called "The Moldau".

Sargodha

Sargodha is the capital city of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. In old times, it was part of 'Shahpur' area under the British Raj. It was primarily an agricultural market town but now, it has also developed as a garrison town for the Pakistan Army and Pakistan Air Force. 

Miani (Pashtun tribe)

The Miani, are a Pashtun tribe, they mainly live in the Gomal plains which are part of Tank District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. A few of the tribe also live in the Frontier Region of Dera Ismail Khan District and in Afghanistan.

Pashtun people

Pashtuns or Pakhtuns () are an Iranic ethnic group of Afghanistan and Pakistan. They are the largest ethnic group in Afghanistan and the second largest in Pakistan. Their native language is Pashto, but many of them also speak Dari, Hindko and Urdu languages. They are the original or native people of the area south of the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan and west of the Indus River in Pakistan. However, in the modern period, they have spread to cities outside their native land. According to researchers, the total population of the group is estimated to be around 90 million.

Many Pashtuns believe that their ancestors were ancient Hebrews who arrived to what is now Afghanistan over 2,000 years ago and settled there however this claim has no basis and the likely origins of the Pashtuns are that their ancestors were ancient Iranian farmers who settled down in the region from Central Asia. They were first mentioned by a Greek historian in 500 BC, then by Alexander the Great, and in the 3rd century they are called "Abgans" ("Afghans") by the Persian rulers. In the army of the Ghaznavids and Ghurids, thousands of Afghans were reported to be serving. They ruled Delhi Sultanate in the past and also Persia between 1725 to 1729 until they established the last Afghan empire that became what is now Afghanistan.

The Pashtun people follow a strict code of honor, known as "Pakhtunwali", that requires them to support the poor, the weak, and the challenged; to fight evil; to provide shelter to anyone who needs it and many more. Pashtun are also strict with obedience in their families and society. They are also known as the best at welcoming guests and taking good care of them. They really love to see respectful people in society, with great manners and obedience.

The Pashtuns are mostly farmers, herdsmen, and warriors but many of them are also businessmen and politicians. Most tribesmen are sedentary farmers, combining cultivation with animal husbandry; some are migratory herdsmen and caravaners. Large numbers of them have always been attracted to military service.

In Afghanistan, Pashtun make up around 75% of the total population. They form about 60 tribes of different size and importance, each of which occupies a different territory. In Afghanistan, where Pashtun are the major ethnic group, the main tribes are the Durrani, who mostly live in the south and west, and the Ghilzai, who live in northern and eastern parts of the country.

They are over 15% of Pakistan's population, with Peshawar and Quetta being their principal cities. They predominate north of Quetta between the Sulaiman Range and the Indus River. Significant number of Pashtuns also live in most other major Pakistani cities, particularly Karachi, Islamabad, Rawalpindi, and Lahore. In the hill areas the main tribes are, from south to north: the Tarin, Kakaṛ, Sherani, and Ustarana south of the Gumal River; the Maḥsud, Darwesh Khel, Waziri, and Biṭani between the Gumal River and Thal; the Turi, Bangash, Orakzay, Afridi, and Shinwari from Thal to the Khyber Pass; and the Mahmand, Utman Khel, Tarklani, and Yusufzay to the north and northeast of the Khyber.

Cod Wars

The Cod Wars, also called the Iceland Cod Wars (Icelandic: "Þorskastríðin", "the cod wars", or "Landhelgisstríðin", "the wars for the territorial waters") were a series of confrontations in the 1950s and 1970s between the United Kingdom and Iceland regarding fishing rights in the North Atlantic. The name of the conflict was a pun on the term "Cold War" (with "cod" reading so similarly to "cold"), by the British tabloid press.

In 1972, Iceland declared an Exclusive Economic Zone extending beyond its territorial waters, and plans to reduce over-fishing. It policed its quota system with the coast guard, leading to a series of net-cutting incidents with British trawlers that fished the areas. As a result, a fleet of British Royal Naval warships and tug-boats was employed to act as a deterrent against any future harassment of British fishing crews by Iceland.

In 1976, a compromise between the two states allowed a maximum of 24 British trawlers access to the disputed 200 nautical mile (370 km) limit. Two-hundred-nautical-mile Exclusive Economic Zones became recognized internationally on November 14, 1994, after having been agreed at the conference on the Third United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) in 1982.

Orion (constellation)

Orion is one of the largest constellations in the sky. It is supposed to look like the warrior Orion from Greek mythology. The constellation has other names in different cultures: it is mentioned under a Hebrew name in the Book of Job.

The constellation has a clear hour-glass shape with "Orion's Belt" in the centre. That part is made up of three bright stars (Alnitak, Alnilam, Mintaka) in line. The Orion constellation has 81 visible stars, including some of the brightest and most important stars in the night sky. Rigel is the brightest star in it, and Betelgeuse is a huge, rather unstable red supergiant. 

The constellation includes a series of starburst nebulae where new stars are forming. The whole group of nebulae is known as the Orion complex. The complex is 1,500 to 1,600 light-years away, and hundreds of light-years across. It includes

In Greek mythology, Orion was a great hunter who joined Artemis's Hunt. He was the first ever male to ever enter the Hunt. Inevitably, he slowly started getting closer to Artemis, and eventually fell in love with her, even though he knew she had sworn an oath of maidenhood. Artemis did not sense this at the time, so she let him stay in the Hunt. The problem was that Orion was too good a hunter, and got in over his head. He killed too many animals, which was against the Hunters' nature, which was not to harm nature if it was not of danger to them. Gaea, the Earth Spirit, sensed this, and sent a giant scorpion to kill him, to punish him for his sins against nature. Artemis mourned his death, and herself made a constellation dedicated to him, namely, the Orion's Belt.

The ancient Egyptians equated the constellation with Osiris, god of the afterlife. The ancient Egyptian "First Time", "when Osiris walked on the Earth", has by some fringe archeologists been held to be around 10,500 BC; thanks to precession (which was known to the astronomers of the Early Dynasties), around that time at the Spring Equinox the constellation could be seen "walking" on the horizon just before dawn.

Orion is a useful aid to find other stars. 
Extend the line of the Belt southeastward to find Sirius (α CMa); northwestward to find Aldebaran (α Tau). A line eastward across the two shoulders is the direction of Procyon (α CMi). A line from Rigel through Betelgeuse points to Castor and Pollux (α Gem and β Gem). 

Betelgeuse

Betelgeuse (from Arabic: إبط الجوزاء Ibṭ al-Jauzā’, meaning "the armpit of Orion") is a large red supergiant star in the Orion constellation. It is usually the ninth-brightest star in the night sky, and the second-brightest in Orion.

Betelgeuse is a semiregular variable star whose apparent magnitude varies between 0.2 and 1.2. This is the widest range of any first-magnitude star.

It is also one of the largest and most luminous observable stars. It has a radius between around 640 times wider than the Sun's radius. This means it is around 900 million kilometers in diameter. Betelgeuse was the first star other than the Sun whose size was known. The star's distance from Earth is between 400 and 500 light-years. Its average absolute magnitude is about −6.02.

Betelgeuse is less than 10 million years old. It evolves rapidly because of its high mass. It is moving through the interstellar medium at a speed of 30 km/s, creating a shock wave over 4 light-years wide.

Betelgeuse is now in a later stage of stellar evolution. It will rapidly go through its life cycle before exploding as a type II supernova sometime in the next million years. Betelgeuse was once a yellow supergiant, which was observed by humans thousands of years ago.

An observation by the Herschel Space Observatory in January 2013 showed that the star's winds are crashing against the surrounding interstellar medium.
Betelgeuse is one of the red supergiant stars to have a bow shock: others are Mu Cephei and IRC-10414. Betelgeuse can be seen at the upper left in Orion.
Betelgeuse is also called Alpha Orionis (α Orionis, abbreviated Alpha Ori, α Ori).


Phoenix (mythology)

The phoenix is ​​the sacred bird of myth, mentioned in Persian, Greek, Egyptian, and Chinese mythology. But once every thousand years, he spreads his wings and sings over a large mass of firewood, and when he is overjoyed by his song, he kindles a fire in his beak, and when it burns in the fire, an egg emerges from it, which immediately catches fire and burns. Another phoenix is ​​born from its ashes. Phoenix is ​​considered a symbol of immortality and longevity in most cultures. But some cultures have attributed other characteristics to him. The story goes that the bird lives for several hundred years before it dies by setting itself on fire. However, it then starts a new life from the ashes of the fire. 

In English culture, the Phoenix is ​​a mythical bird, very beautiful and unique in its kind, which, according to legend, lives in the western desert for 500 or 600 years, burns itself on a pile of debris, and from the resulting ashes, he himself once again. He emerges with a youthful freshness and begins and passes another round of life. Phoenix in European culture is often an allegory of immortality and eternal life. Phoenix originally entered European culture from ancient Iran. During the eight centuries BC, the Phoenix bird is mentioned in nine references, eight of which have come down to us through quotations from later authors, and only one case by Herodotus, a Greek historian from 484 to 424 BC, is preserved in full. remained. Another Greek, Claudius Aelianus, also known as Aelian, wrote about Phoenix 200 AD: "Phoenix keeps the arithmetic of 500 years correct without the help of arithmetic or finger counting, because he learns everything from nature, which is the whole intellect. Although it seems necessary to know about Phoenix, among the Egyptians - perhaps only a handful of priests - no one knows when 500 years will pass, but at least we need to know where Egypt is and Heliopolis where Phoenix is. "Where is it and what kind of coffin does this bird put its father in and where does it bury it?" According to the English text, this historian calls Phoenix's father a father, but calls Phoenix the neutral form (it). Subsequent authors have often used the feminine form for Phoenix, but since this bird is a unique myth and its offspring did not derive from mating, the discussion of its sex did not seem to be very important. A Roman historian named Publius Ovidius Naso, better known as Ovid, is the first Roman to write about Phoenix in Latin. "How many creatures walk on earth today, but in the beginning they were different. There is only one being that will remain forever as it was from the beginning, that is, it will remain unchanged for many years, and finally, after extinction, it will be born again in its original form. This is a bird that the Assyrians, or in some sources probably the Syrians or the Phoenicians, call the phoenix. This bird does not eat ordinary seeds and grass, but eats fruit extracts and rare spices. When he is 500 years old, he builds a nest on a tall palm tree and with his fork makes a bed for himself from the finest materials, from tree bark to cinnamon and other spices and gums, and then he dies and his soul travels far away with fragrant smoke and steam, and the story It goes on to say that a small phoenix then rises from the chest of his lifeless body to live, as they say, another 500 years, and at that time, after his old age, he found the necessary courage to raise his throne and nests where his father is buried. A tall palm tree sets in motion and begins its journey to the city of the sun, where the Phoenix Nest Temple shines brightly in the Temple of the Sun. ” From all that has been said about the phoenix in European culture, two general accounts of the phoenix can be given: First, Phoenix arises from his father's lifeless body and takes his father's body to the city of Heliopolis and burns it on the altar of the Temple of the Sun; And another narration is that the phoenix burns in a pile of fragrant wood and debris, flutters its wings and ignites a flame, burns itself in the fire, and from its ashes another phoenix is ​​born. So, in a nutshell, this myth can be said in European culture: "The phoenix burns in the fire and is born again from its ashes." In this regard, it is common in English to say, "Every fire may contain a phoenix.

During the first century AD, Phoenix was mentioned 21 times by ten authors. From all these sources it appears that the myth of Phoenix originated in ancient Egyptian civilization and was later spoken of in Greek, Roman and Christian civilizations, respectively. Among the Egyptians, the myth of Phoenix was originally the myth of the sun rising again at dawn after each night, and the name of the city of Heliopolis in Herodotus must have been related to this. The Egyptians consider the phoenix a sacred bird, which is very rare. According to the people of Heliopolis, the phoenix appears in Egypt once every 500 years after the death of the previous phoenix. There are only a few pictures of this bird, and as can be seen from its shape and size in these pictures, the wings and jump are red and yellow are golden, and its general size is like an eagle. A strange story is told about the work of this bird, and that is that this bird brings its father's body, which is covered with a kind of fragrant plant gum, all the way from the Arab land to the Temple of the Sun and buries it there. It is said that in order to bring a corpse, first it makes a gum large enough to carry it, then it empties it and puts the corpse in it and closes its mouth with fresh gum, and then the bullet, which is correct. It has regained its original weight, is brought to Egypt, and while the entire surface of the bullet is covered with gum, it is placed inside the Temple of the Sun, as mentioned.
In

Persian mythology, the phoenix means swan, a counterpart to the Indo-European and Chinese word phoenix, and appears to be the result of an arrangement of a pheasant, a Chinese chicken, and a mixture with other mythical birds. In Persian narrations, like in Indo-European narrations, this hen is a rare and lonely hen that is not a mate and as a result, she will not give birth. Phoenix lives a thousand years, and when his life comes to an end, he produces a large pile of firewood, and when he sits on that pile, he sings so much that he rejoices in his song, and by breaking his wings and with the help of his beak, he kindles a fire, and burns in the door. Fire produces a testicle (egg) from him and thus another phoenix is ​​born. In this narrative, Phoenix is ​​the swan counterpart in European literature who ends his life by singing. Basically, in Persian literature, as in Indo-European literature, burning in one's suffering and rising from one's ashes and being born again have their way into the myth of Phoenix.
In Chinese mythological culture, the phoenix is ​​known as Feng Huang or the red bird, which is a genus of fire and is a symbol of summer and the south, which causes drought. For this reason, Phoenix contains the negative and material element of the world, namely yin, and is considered the symbol of the queen. In front of the phoenix is ​​the dragon, which is always considered to be the representative of Khaqan in Chinese mythology. According to Chinese tradition, the phoenix flies less to the surface of the earth, and when it does, all the birds gather around it. According to Koyaji about Phoenix, he does not sit on the ground, but whenever he sits on the ground, he dances on one foot. Some have suggested that the Chinese phoenix is ​​the counterpart of Shang Shang or the rainbird in the Confucian version, while the Shang Shang or rainbird is the bird that symbolizes the yin, but the phoenix is ​​commonly considered the symbol of the yang. Phoenix in Chinese mythology is a symbol of joy and happiness and a sign of heavenly satisfaction. In these myths, the dragon is the spirit of the rain and the symbol of Khaqan, and the phoenix is ​​the symbol of the queen and the south and the helper of the farmers.

In Chinese mythology, the red bird or phoenix was a symbol of the south and was worshipped. Phoenix later replaced the pheasant. In the surviving maps, this bird had a curved beak, a long, sharp claw in the shape of a bird of prey, and was considered a help to farmers on the arid farms of the south. There is another phoenix in Chinese mythology called Qi Sang or Phoenix of the Mountains. This phoenix is ​​the phoenix that provided the map of rivers to Yu in the time of the Athenian dynasty.

THE feng, or phoenix, is the legendary king of all avian species according to Chinese myth.

“A Hundred Birds Paying Homage to the Phoenix” is one of the most popular themes in traditional Chinese painting. This is also the name of a traditional Chinese music piece featuring complicated suona playing skills.

According to Chinese legend, the phoenix was originally an inconspicuous bird with a plain appearance. Unlike most birds that busied themselves with playing around, he collected fruit and seeds in his den from dawn to dust. Unable to understand his behavior, other birds mocked him for being greedy.

Later, an unexpected draught left many birds without anything to eat. The phoenix opened his den, and shared his food with the other birds, saving their lives.

When the rain finally returned, bringing life back to the forest, the birds wanted to show their gratitude to the phoenix. Each bird pulled out one of their most beautiful feathers, and together they made the feathers into a dazzling garment. They presented the garment to the phoenix, and crowned him as their king.

Hence, each year, all birds will fly to the phoenix on one particular day, and pay their respects to the king. This image has inspired countless artists.

Though the phoenix is often called fenghuang today, the words feng and huang originally referred to a pair of colorful birds. Feng is a male bird and huang is female. However, just as the Chinese dragon was used as a symbol for the emperor in the royal court, the phoenix, with its beautiful appearance, was selected to symbolize the empress. The empress’s crown at formal events was usually called the “phoenix crown,” while her dress was called the “phoenix dress.” Both crowns and dresses were decorated with many phoenix images.

Thus, the phoenix and dragon became “golden partners,” and they often appear together in phrases with positive connotations. “Prosperity brought by the dragon and the phoenix” (long feng cheng xiang) is widely used as an expression of luck. “The talent of the dragon and the presence of the phoenix” (long zhang feng zi) is an expression used to describe the elegance of a person. “The dragon flies and phoenix rises” (long fei feng qi) refers to when an emperor or a saint appears. “Dragon’s heart and phoenix’s liver” (long xin feng gan) refer to a precious and rare dishes. “Climb the dragon and attach to the phoenix” (pan long fu feng) means to flatter the powerful for one’s own benefit.

And phoenix’s powers are also to some extent complimentary to the dragon’s. While the Chinese dragon can summon wind and call for rain, the phoenix is capable of manipulating fire.

However, the phoenix in Chinese myth did not have the ability of rising from the ashes until contemporary litterateur Guo Moruo used the concept of the Western phoenix in his poetry.

Phoenix Short Story by Sylvia Town Sand Warner Edited In the book Phoenix by Sylvia Townsend, Warner Phoenix depicts a mythical creature as a reality and symbolizes the identity and existence of a nation, which is a toy of the lusts and desires of profiteers. In this short and influential story. The Phoenix is ​​a beautiful, ancient Eastern bird that lives in a region in the Middle East near Saudi Arabia when it is captured by a British capitalist named "Mr. Paldero" and imprisoned in a cage to make money from displaying it in a zoo. He pockets well, but after a while, when he sees that the phoenix in the cage and captivity is not attractive to the people and does not attract the attention of the people, he decides to make a humble and ridiculous creature out of this magnificent bird in order to be interesting to the people. Reach. He constantly torments this bird, but finally, after enduring a lot of hardship and oppression, Phoenix rises like a nation under oppression and tyranny, burns all those who caused his suffering in his fire, and is born again free. . In part of the story we read:  "The other birds were taken to his cage. Inherently fierce and warlike birds. They beheaded Phoenix and harassed him; But Phoenix was so sociable and kind that other birds gave up on him after a day or two of hostility. Mr. Paldero then used stray cats. They could no longer leave the field with good manners. But Phoenix flew quickly over their heads and fluttered his golden wings in their faces, frightening them. The phoenix was transferred to a small cage with a sprinkler on the roof. The sprinkler was turned on every night, and Phoenix coughed. Mr. Paldero had another idea in mind. Every day he stood in front of the phoenix cage, mocking and ridiculing it, and abusing it. When spring came, Mr. Paldero was thinking of starting a public campaign about the declining phoenix. "Phoenix, which has long been popular, is declining," he said. Then, a few days later, Mr. Paldero put the stinking phoenix reaction in the cage to put the stinking straw bundles and some rusty barbed wire in the cage to see if he was still inclined to nest. One day Phoenix began to wander in the straw and grass. Mr. Paldero signed a contract for the filming rights. Finally the promised day arrived. It had been a few weeks since people became more and more interested in Phoenix, and the right to enter had reached five shillings. All around the fence was a roaring crowd. Lights and cameras were aimed at the cage, and a speaker through the loudspeaker seldom reminded the audience of what was happening. "Phoenix is ​​the aristocrat of the bird world," the speaker said. "Only the rarest and most precious specimens of Oriental wood, impregnated with perfume, can seduce Phoenix to establish its legendary love nest." At this moment, clean bundles of fragrant sticks and wood chips were thrown into the cage. The speaker continued from the speaker: "Phoenix, like Cleopatra, is capricious, and like a magnificent charm, like the native music of intoxicated gypsies. "All the splendor of the ancient East, its eternal magic, and its skillful tyranny." A woman in the crowd shouted, "Look, she wants to set herself on fire." Trembling fell on the phoenix horns. He turned his head from side to side. He came down and walked back and forth from his seat. He moved the chips and sticks with fatigue and exhaustion. The cameras started working and light shone on Phoenix from all sides. "Ladies and gentlemen," said Mr. Paldero, running to the speaker. This is an exciting moment that the world is waiting for with its soul trapped in its chest. The legend of centuries ago is unfolding before our eyes today. The phoenix sat on a pile of wood that burned like a fire, as if asleep. "If that was the whole story, write down the educational film," said the film's director. At that moment, Phoenix and his nest suddenly ignited. The sparks rose up and spread to all sides. "In a minute or two, everything turned to ashes, and several thousand people, including Mr. Paldero, died in the fire."

In ancient Persian poetry, the Phoenix is known as the Simurgh, Attar Neyshabouri mentions Phoenix in his poems. He also considered the phoenix as other mortal beings and emphasized the pervasiveness of the phenomenon of death. In the logic of Attar al-Tair, the phoenix is ​​the heart of the bird of your heart, which is its refuge in India. He is a bird that has about a hundred holes in his beak and he is not a pair; According to the narration, the phoenix sits in the heights and when the wind blows on his beak, a pleasant melody appears and other birds gather around him with this song and become intoxicated and hunted by him. In his poems, Attar Neyshabouri mentions the phoenix as a bird that has 360 holes on its tip and a pleasant melody comes out of each hole. He knows the origin of the phoenix in India.

John. Russell. Heinels (2006), Understanding Persian Mythology

Anthony Christie, Chinese Mythology

Phoenix. Encyclopædia Britannica, n.d. Web. 15 Nov. 2012. <http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/457189/phoenix>.

Phoenix (constellation)

Phoenix () is a small and not-so-bright constellation in the southern sky. It is one of the birds in a "nest" of bird constellations near it. This constellation was named after the mythical phoenix.

This constellation represents a mythological bird that burns itself up every several hundred years then comes back alive from the ashes of the fire


Octans

Octans is the southernmost constellation. It represents a tool that a sailor would use to find his position using the position of the stars; the octant. Octans contains the southernmost star above Magnitude 6, σ Octantis, which cannot be seen easily.

Sirius

Sirius is the brightest star in the night sky. It is a binary star system in Canis Major, near Orion. It has an apparent magnitude of −1.46. The system is between 200 and years old. It was originally composed of two stars: one was blue-white and one was white.

Sirius appears bright because of its intrinsic luminosity and its position (it is relatively close to Earth). At a distance of 2.6 parsecs (8.6 ly), the Sirius system is one of Earth's near neighbours.

The Egyptians called this star 'Sopdet'. They relied on it to predict when the flood season would start. Sirius is sometimes called the Dog Star. The phrase "the dog days of summer" means the hottest days of summer.

Sirius A is about twice as massive as the Sun and has an absolute magnitude of 1.42. It is 25 times more luminous than the Sun, but has a significantly lower luminosity than other bright stars such as Canopus or Rigel.

Originally, Sirius B had about five times the mass of the Sun. and was a B-type star (roughly B4–5) when it still was on the main sequence.

Sirius B used up its fuel and became a red giant. Then it shed its outer layers and collapsed into its present state as a white dwarf, about years ago. Its mass now is about the same as the Sun.


Culture of Pakistan

Culture of Pakistan has many different cultures. The east of the country is mainly Punjabi, the south is mainly Sindhi. In the east are the tribal cultures. In many areas the tribes and cultures are mixed, most Pakistanis are Punjabi and most of the nation are Sunni Muslim. Clothing is usually the "Shalwar Kameez' in the country. 

Canopus

Canopus, or Alpha Carinae in the Bayer designation system, is the brightest star in its constellation (Carina) and the brightest star in the southern night sky.

Canopus is quite unusual, because its distance from Earth was not known until the 1990s. Before the launching of the Hipparcos satellite telescope, distance estimates for the star varied widely, from 96 light years to 1200 light years. Hipparcos established Canopus as lying 310 light years (96 parsecs) from our solar system. 

The difficulty in measuring Canopus' distance stemmed from its being a "less luminous supergiant". Such stars are rare and poorly understood. They are stars that can be either in the process of evolving to or away from red giant status. This in turn made it difficult to know how intrinsically bright Canopus is, and therefore how far away it might be. Direct measurement was the only way to solve the problem. Canopus is too far away for Earth-based parallax observations to be made, so the star's distance was not known with certainty until the early 1990s.

Canopus is 13,600 times more luminous than the Sun and the most intrinsically bright star within about 700 light years. In fact, from 1 astronomical unit, Canopus would have an apparent magnitude of -37. Canopus appears less bright than Sirius in our sky only because Sirius is much closer to the Earth (8.6 light years).

The surface temperature of Canopus is 7350 ± 30 K. Its diameter has been measured at 0.6 astronomical units (the measured angular diameter being 0.006 arcseconds), 65 times that of the Sun. If it were placed at the centre of the solar system, it would extend three-quarters of the way to Mercury. An Earth-like planet would have to lie three times the distance of Pluto for its star to appear the same size in the sky as our own sun. Canopus is a strong source of X-rays, which are probably produced by its corona, magnetically heated to around 15 million K.

Canopus is part of the Scorpius-Centaurus Association, a group of stars which share similar origins.

Bayer designation

The Bayer designation for stars uses to assign names to stars. For example:


It usually starts with the letter alpha (α) assigned to the brightest star in the constellation, then going down the to assign letters for other stars (beta, gamma, delta, etc.) in order of decreasing brightness (apparent magnitude).

Demographics of Pakistan

The Demographics of Pakistan are a study of the population and the people. It is estimated that Pakistan's population was over 170,000,000 in mid 2008. Pakistan had an estimated population of 169,300,000 as of July 2007. Between 1951-1998, the number of people in Pakistan's cities and towns (known as the urban population) increased sevenfold. And by the next decade the population is expected to exceed 176 million. In the past, the country's population had a quite high growth rate. Dramatic social changes have led to rapid urbanisation and the emergence of megacities. Between 1990-2003, Pakistan sustained its historical lead as the most urbanised nation in South Asia, with city dwellers making up 34% of its population.

Pakistan has a multicultural and multi-ethnic society and has one of the largest refugee populations in the world as well as a young population.

Pakistan's next national census will take place in 2008.

The majority of southern Pakistan's population lives along the Indus River. In the northern half, most of the population lives about an arc formed by the cities of Faisalabad, Lahore, Rawalpindi, Islamabad, Gujranwala, Sialkot, Nowshera, Swabi, Mardan and Peshawar.

Fahrenheit (disambiguation)

Fahrenheit may refer to:

Culture of Iran

The culture of Iran includes the art, language, theater, cinema and music of the country. The culture of Iran has been influenced by many different things, by religion and by its ancient history. The nation has different ethnic groups including Persians, Turks, Arabs, and Kurds.

Iran has one of the oldest and richest art heritages in the world. Iran's arts include many disciplines like literature, music, dance, architecture, painting, pottery, and calligraphy.

Iranians speak many languages in Iran. These languages are from the Iranian, Turkic, and Semitic families.

The literature of Iran is one of the world's oldest literatures. It is more than 2500 years old.

Apollo 17

Apollo 17 was the last flight to send people to the moon. It was done by NASA, the American space group.

It went up to space on December 7, 1972, carrying three astronauts: Eugene Cernan, Harrison Schmitt and Ronald Evans. On December 11, 1972, Cernan and Schmitt became the last humans to land on the moon, while Evans stayed in orbit around the Moon.
About 500,000 people viewed the flight of Apollo 17. A Saturn V rocket took flight from the Kennedy Space Center in America.
About two hours after leaving Earth the section with the people in it went away from the main rocket. The section with the people in it had two parts, the Apollo Command Module called "America" and the Apollo Lunar Module called "Challenger". "America" was the moon control space ship and "Eagle" was the moon-landing space ship. 3 days later the team entered Lunar Orbit (orbit around the moon). A day later the "Challenger" went away from "America". The "Challenger" landed safely on the moon with Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt inside.

Cultural geography

Cultural Geography is the study of cultures, customs, foods, clothing, music, architecture, traditions, religions and languages of the world - and how and why these cultures are spread across the world.

An example would be the Arab World, there are many nations inhabited by Arabic people, from Morocco in the north-west of Africa and lies near to Spain, to Syria which borders Turkey - and Yemen which is near to Ethiopia. 

Arab world

The Arab world (; pronounced: al-`alam al-`arabi) are the Arabic language-speaking countries stretching from the Atlantic Ocean in the west to the Arabian Sea in the east, and from the Mediterranean Sea in the north to the Horn of Africa and the Indian Ocean in the southeast. It consists of 24 countries and territories with a combined population of some 325 million people spanning at least 2 billion acres across two continents.

Horn of Africa

The Horn of Africa (alternatively Northeast Africa, and sometimes Somali Peninsula) is a peninsula in East Africa that sticks out into the Somali Sea and Guardafui Channel, and is along the southern side of the Gulf of Aden.

Some people said that its a good idea for Horn Africans to help each other with making money and politics. Or in general This aim is sometimes called "Pan-Hornism".

There are four countries in the Horn of Africa. They are Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia and Djibouti. The northernmost areas of the Horn are Ras Kasar in the west, settled by the Rashaida tribe, and Alula in the east, settled by Dishiishe. The easternmost area is Ras Hafun, settled by Somalis, and the southernmost in Ras Kamboni, settled by Somalis.
Northeast Africa, or Northeastern Africa or Northern East Africa as it was known in the past, is a geographic regional term used to refer to the countries of Africa in and around the Red Sea. The region is between North Africa and East Africa, and mainly encompasses the Horn of Africa (Ethiopia, Eritrea, Somalia, Djibouti) and the Sudans (Sudan and South Sudan) as well as Egypt. Sometimes, its borders are stretched to either include Kenya, or Chad and Libya. Humans have lived in the area for a long time. Many fossil from the early hominids to modern human have been found here. It is one of the most genetically and linguistically diverse regions of the world, being the home to many civilizations and located on an important trade route that connects multiple continents.

The Horn of Africa became famous for taking longer to be colonized than other African countries. Those countries which fought back were Ethiopia, led by Menelik II, and the Daraawiish State, led by Ismail Mire. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia, but fought the Eritrean War of Independence from 1961 to 1991.

Horn of Africa can also mean the greater region containing the countries of Eritrea, Djibouti, Ethiopia and Somalia. The greater region covers about 2,000,000 km (or 772,200 square miles) and is inhabited by about 94.2 million people (Ethiopia: 79 million, Somalia: 10 million, Eritrea: 4.5 million, and Djibouti: 0.7 million).

Cushitic ethnic groups have a diverse set of uniparental lineages. Nevertheless, certain commonalities can be observed.

Paternally, E-M35 (also known as E1b1b1, formerly E3b1) forms an important lineage in many Cushitic populations, other important paternal lineages in Cushitic populations include J-M267 (also known as J1), A-M13 (A1b1b2b, formerly A3b2), and T-M70 (T1a, formerly K2).

Many Cushitic populations can be paternally traced back to having ethnic origins in the Nile Valley (Egypt and Northern Sudan) through haplogroup E-M78 and the Red Sea region of the Horn of Africa through haplogroup E-V1515 This coincides with anthropological and linguistic hypotheses placing the ethnogensis of the Cushitic language family in the aforementioned regions.

Maternally, Cushitic populations are more diverse, yet share certain lineages in common such as various East African-origin Macro-haplogroup L lineages (various L0, L1, L5, L2, L6, L4, L3 lineages) and North African and/or Middle Eastern-origin M1 and Macro-haplogroup N (in particular N subclades N1a, N1b, R0a, HV1b1, I, K1a, U3a, and U6a).

Cushitic populations have existed at the cross-roads of Africa and Eurasia since the Stone Age, with the Nile acting as a corridor between sub-Saharan Africa and Levant and North Africa thus Cushitic populations have multiple origins, like most other populations, that have become idiosyncratic of Cushitic populations. Cushitic populations tend to combine in their ancestries both, genetic components indigenous to East Africa, and non-African components of West Asian origin. According to an autosomal DNA study by Hodgson et al. (2014), the Afro-Asiatic languages were likely spread across Africa and the Near East by an ancestral population(s) carrying a newly identified non-African genetic component, which the researchers dub the “Ethio-Somali” or “Semitic-Cushitic” in another study. This Ethio-Somali component is today most common among Cushitic and Ethiosemitic populations in the Horn of Africa and reaches a frequency peak among ethnic Somalis, representing the majority of their ancestry. The Ethio-Somali component is most closely related to the Maghrebi non-African genetic component, and is believed to have diverged from all other non-African ancestries at least 23,000 years ago. On this basis, the researchers suggest that the original Ethio-Somali carrying population(s) probably arrived in the pre-agricultural period from the Near East, having crossed over into northeastern Africa via the Sinai Peninsula. The population then likely split into two branches, with one group heading westward toward the Maghreb and the other moving south into the Horn. Ancient DNA analysis indicates that this foundational ancestry in the Horn region is akin to that of the Neolithic farmers of the southern Levant.

According to Hodgson et al. (2014), both the African ancestry (Ethiopic) and the non-African ancestry (Ethio-Somali) in Cushitic speaking populations is significantly differentiated from all neighboring African and non-African ancestries in East Africa, North Africa, the Levant and Arabia. The genetic ancestry of Cushitic and Semitic speaking populations in the Horn of Africa represents ancestries (Ethiopic and Ethio-Somali) not found outside of Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations in any significance. Therefore, both ancestries are distinct, unique to, and considered the signature autosomal genetic ancestry of Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations.

Hodgson et al. states:”The African Ethiopic ancestry is tightly restricted to HOA populations and likely represents an autochthonous HOA population. The non-African ancestry in the HOA, which is primarily attributed to a novel Ethio-Somali inferred ancestry component, is significantly differentiated from all neighboring non-African ancestries in North Africa, the Levant, and Arabia.”According to Hodgson et al. (2014), the non-African ancestry (Ethio-Somali) in the Cushitic speaking populations is distinct and unique to Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations. Hodgson et al. states:”We find that most of the non-African ancestry in the HOA can be assigned to a distinct non-African origin Ethio-Somali ancestry component, which is found at its highest frequencies in Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations.”When calculated the genetic distance (FST) between Ethiosemitic-speaking and Cushitic-speaking Ethiopians, and populations of the Levant, North Africa, and the Arabian Peninsula using two approaches: (1) the whole genome and (2) only the non-African component — in the whole-genome analysis, Ethiopian Semitic and Cushitic populations appear to be closest to the Yemeni; when only the non-African component is used, they are closer to the Egyptians and populations inhabiting the Levant. However this is due to the fact that the similarity is because of the Ethiopian contribution to the Yemeni gene pool. Pagani et al. (2012) states:”The Ethiopian similarity with the Yemeni detected throughout the genome could be explained as an Ethiopian contribution to the Yemeni gene pool, consistent with that observed with mtDNA.”A 2015 study by Dobon et al. identified an ancestral autosomal component of West Eurasian origin that is common to many modern Afroasiatic-speaking populations in Northeast Africa. Known as the ‘’Coptic’’ component, it peaks among Egyptian Copts who settled in Sudan over the past two centuries. The Coptic component evolved out of a main Northeast African and Middle Eastern ancestral component that is shared by other Egyptians and also found at high frequencies among Cushites (≈40–60%), with the remaining 40–60% of the ancestry of Cushites being of sub-Saharan East African origin. However, these percentages are not certain since Figure 3 of the study by Dobon et al. only features these percentages in the k=3 model.

According to Dobon et al. (2015), the results were not conclusive and states that there needs to be more studies on the East African samples. Dobon et al. states:”Our main results add new and interesting features to the North East African genetic complexity, with new populations that define a genetic component in southern Nilo-Saharan speakers that cannot be related to a North-African or other sub-Saharan components. These populations should be included in further population genetics and epidemiological studies to have a representative sample of the genetic diversity of the region of East Africa.”The scientists involved in the study suggest that this points to a common origin for the general population of Egypt. They also associate the Coptic component with Ancient Egyptian ancestry, without the later Arabian influence that is present among other Egyptians. The Coptic component is roughly equivalent with the Ethio-Somali component.

A Y-chromosome study by Wood et al. (2005) tested various populations in Africa for paternal lineages, including 26 Maasai and 9 Luo from Kenya, and 9 Alur from the Democratic Republic of Congo. The signature Nilotic paternal marker Haplogroup A3b2 was observed in 27% of the Maasai, 22% of the Alur, and 11% of the Luo.

According to Gomes et al. (2010), Haplogroup B is another characteristically Nilotic paternal marker. It was found in 22% of Wood et al.’s Luo samples, 8% of studied Maasai and 50% of studied Nuer. The E1b1b haplogroup has been observed at overall frequencies of around 11% among Nilo-Saharan-speaking groups in the Great Lakes area, with this influence concentrated among the Maasai (50%). This is indicative of substantial historic gene flow from Cushitic-speaking males into these Nilo-Saharan-speaking populations. In addition, 67% of the Alur samples possessed the E2 haplogroup.

A study by Hassan et al. (2008) analysed the Y-DNA of populations in the Sudan region, with various local Nilotic groups included for comparison. The researchers found the signature Nilotic A and B clades to be the most common paternal lineages amongst the Nilo-Saharan speakers, except those inhabiting western Sudan. There, a prominent North African influence was noted. Haplogroup A was observed amongst 62% of Dinka, 53.3% of Shilluk, 46.4% of Nuba, 33.3% of Nuer, 31.3% of Fur and 18.8% of Masalit. Haplogroup B was found in 50% of Nuer, 26.7% of Shilluk, 23% of Dinka, 14.3% of Nuba, 3.1% of Fur and 3.1% of Masalit. The E1b1b clade was also observed in 71.9% of the Masalit, 59.4% of the Fur, 39.3% of the Nuba, 20% of the Shilluk, 16.7% of the Nuer, and 15% of the Dinka. Hassan et al. attributed the atypically high frequencies of the haplogroup in the Masalit to either a recent population bottleneck, which likely altered the community’s original haplogroup diversity, or to geographical proximity to E1b1b’s place of origin in North Africa. The researchers suggest that the clade “might have been brought to Sudan […] after the progressive desertification of the Sahara around 6,000–8,000 years ago”. Henn et al. (2008) similarly observed Afro-Asiatic influence in the Nilotic Datog of northern Tanzania, 43% of whom carried the M293 sub-clade of E1b1b.

Unlike the paternal DNA of Nilotes, the maternal lineages of Nilotes in general show low-to-negligible amounts of Afro-Asiatic and other extraneous influences. An mtDNA study by Castri et al. (2008) examined the maternal ancestry of various Nilotic populations in Kenya, with Turkana, Samburu, Maasai and Luo individuals sampled. The mtDNA of almost all of the tested Nilotes belonged to various Sub-Saharan macro-haplogroup L sub-clades, including L0, L2, L3, L4 and L5. Low levels of maternal gene flow from North Africa and the Horn of Africa were observed in a few groups, mainly via the presence of mtDNA haplogroup M and haplogroup I lineages in about 12.5% of the Maasai and 7% of the Samburu samples, respectively.

The autosomal DNA of Nilotic peoples has been examined in a comprehensive study by Tishkoff et al. (2009) on the genetic clusters of various populations in Africa. According to the researchers, Nilotes generally form their own African genetic cluster. The authors also found that certain Nilotic populations in the eastern Great Lakes region, such as the Maasai, showed some additional Afro-Asiatic affinities due to repeated assimilation of Cushitic-speaking peoples over the past 5000 or so years.

Tishkoff ‘’et al’’ in 2009 published the largest study done to characterise genetic variation and relationships among populations in Africa. They examined 121 African populations, 4 African American populations and 60 non-African populations. Their results indicated a high degree of mixed ancestry reflecting migration events. In East Africa, all population groups examined had elements of Nilotic, Cushitic and Bantu ancestry amongst others to varying degrees. They also found that by and large, genetic clusters were consistent with linguistic classification with notable exceptions including the Luo of Kenya. Despite being Nilo-Saharan speakers, the Luo cluster with the Niger-Kordofanian speaking populations that surround them. They suggest that this indicates a high degree of admixture occurred during the southward migration of Southern Luo. Kalenjin groups and Maasai groups were found to have less Bantu ancestry but significant Cushitic ancestry.

David Reich, a geneticist known for his studies on ancient DNA carried out a study which found that mutation frequencies in Luo people were much more similar to those of the surrounding Bantu speakers. They suggested that Luo speakers in East Africa may not have always been socially disadvantaged as they migrated into territories already inhabited by Bantu speakers. This is in keeping with oral history which affirms that large groups of Bantu speakers adopted Luo language, culture and customs that were dominant at the time.

East Africa

East Africa is the most eastern region of the African continent. There are different ways to describe the area East Africa covers - it can be defined by geography or countries. It has some of the earliest found fossils of humans. 

Gulf of Aden

The Gulf of Aden (, pronounced "Khalyj 'Adan"; ) is a gulf in the Indian Ocean. To its south is the Guardafui Channel, the Somali Sea and Somalia. To its north is Yemen. In the northwest, it connects with the Red Sea through the Bab el Mandeb strait. In the southwest, it connects with the Somali Sea through the Guardafui Channel.

Battle of Miani

The Battle of Miani (February 17, 1843) was a battle between British forces under Sir Charles Napier and the Talpur rulers of Sindh (now a province of Pakistan).

The British were upset about the local rulers' stance during the First Anglo-Afghan War (1839–42). After Napier first gained military control of the region by forcing an agreement with the Sindh amirs, his forces attacked the fortress at Imamgarh. After the attack on Imamgarh a popular revolt broke out against the British by the people of Sindh

The Battle of Miani (also known as Meeanee by the British) was the decisive victory that allowed British to take control of all of Sindh (apart from the state of Khairpur).

Later, on March 24, 1843, Mir Sher Muhammad Khan Talpur, the ruler of Southeastern Sindh (Mirpurkhas) tried to liberate Sindh from the occupation of the British East India Company forces at the Battle of Dubbo but he could not succeed

More than twenty thousand Baloch forces were killed while fighting British invaders.

Charles James Napier

General Sir Charles James Napier, GCB (August 10, 1782 – August 29, 1853) was a British general and Commander-in-Chief in India, famous for conquering Sindh province in present-day Pakistan.

William Griffiths

William Griffiths may mean:


BBC iPlayer

BBC iPlayer, commonly shortened to iPlayer, is an online service developed by the BBC which lets you catch up on the last week's television and radio. The service can be used from computers on the BBC website at bbc.co.uk. It can also be used from games consoles, cable television, smart phones and tablets.

BBC iPlayer was first called the Integrated Media Player (iMP), the Interactive Media Player, and then MyBBCPlayer. BBC iPlayer left Beta and went live on 25 December 2007.
On 25 June 2008, it was announced that a new-look iPlayer would be launched. The new version is now live.

In July 2007 the BBC started a small BETA version of iPlayer as a trial service. During this BETA time, iPlayer was only available as a download (WMV format) meaning that any person who did not have Windows loaded on their computer could not use iPlayer. This was not a popular move, and the BBC was put under pressure to allow all people to use iPlayer.

On Christmas Day 2007, iPlayer was no longer in BETA. People could now also watch programmes on the website instead of having to download the video as people had to do before. This meant that people who did not have Windows installed on their computers could use iPlayer as well. This made iPlayer a lot more popular and easier to use, so much so that 3.5 million programmes were viewed in a fortnight.


BBC Online

BBC Online (which used to be called bbc.co.uk) is the website for BBC's UK online services. It is currently the 4th most popular web service in the UK and includes features such as BBC News, BBC Sport, BBC Weather, BBC iPlayer and learning services such as "Bitesize". The BBC has had a website for information about its TV and radio programmes since 1994 but did not launch officially as BBC Online until December 1997, following government approval to fund it with the TV licence fee. The website address was registered in 1991.

Commander-in-Chief, India

The British Commander-in-Chief in India (or Commander-in-Chief of India) was the chief military commander of the British administration in India. The Commander-in-Chief's staff were known as India Command and most were based at the General Headquarters India (GHQ India).

History of colonialism

The history of colonialism goes back thousands of years, colonialism is the taking over of one country by another. In ancient times peoples such as the Hittites and the Incas were involved in colonialism.

However people usually use the word colonialism to talk about the European overseas empires rather than land-based empires. Overseas empires include British rule in India and French rule in Algeria - both of which could only be reached by ships.

Land based empires are usually described as imperialism and include:


The Ottoman Empire was created across Mediterranean, North Africa and into Southern Europe and existed during the time of European colonization of the other parts of the world.

European colonialism began in the fifteenth century when the Spanish and Portuguese began exploring the Americas, and the coasts of Africa, the Middle East, India, and East Asia.

During the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, England, France and Holland made their own overseas empires. However the end of the eighteenth and early nineteenth century many European colonies in the Americas gained their independence.

Spain and Portugal became weakened after the loss of their New World colonies and could not get back the power they once had. But Britain, France and Holland turned their attention to South Africa, India and South East Asia and began expanding.

In the nineteenth century Europe underwent industrialisation, the population got larger, armies became more organised and had better weapons produced in factories. This time became known as the era of . Very quickly European powers were able to take over land and included the Scramble for Africa.

After World War I the European countries who had lost the war had to give up their colonies to the countries that had won the war. For instance Britain which won the war took over Tanzania from Germany (which had lost the war)

After World War II however Europe's colonies started to become independent. In 1999 Portugal returned the last of Europe's colonies in Asia, Macau, to China, ending an era that had lasted five hundred years.

Pakistan Movement

The Pakistan Movement (also called Tehrik-e-Pakistan, ) was a political movement which was active during the first half of the 20th century. At that time, British India belonged to the British Empire. In British India, most people were Hindu, or Muslim. The people in the Pakistan Movement feared that they would lose their liberty when the British left and so wanted to create a separate state.

The struggle was organised by the All India Muslim League and resulted in the Partition of India. The movement was led by Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Other important leaders were Nawab Muhammad Ismail Khan, Raja Amir Ahmed Khan of Mahmudabad, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, Nawabzada Liaquat Ali Khan, Fatimah Jinnah, Amjadi Bano Begum, Sir Abdullah Haroon, Khawaja Nazimuddin, Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy, Sardar Shaukat Hayat Khan, Chaudhry Khaliquzzaman, A.K. Fazlul Huq, Aurangzeb Khan, Qazi Muhammad Isa and Abdur Rab Nishtar.

The first person with the idea of a separate state was not Allama Iqbal, as is generally thought. He publicized the theory onlt in his speech in 1930. It was a prevailing idea that has its origins in the United Provinces of Indian. People like Sir Syed Ahmed Khan and others had thought about a separate state there much earlier.

In 1901 onwards, many other Muslim scholars had also been proposing the idea of a separate Muslim state within the subcontinent. Choudhary Rahmat Ali later proposed the name Pakistan in his Pakistan Declaration in 1933.

People like Muhammad Ali Jinnah maintained their belief in religious unity. Religious hostilities between Hindus and Muslims gave the movement a stronger backing.

In 1940 during its meeting in Lahore, the Muslim League passed the Lahore Resolution, also known as Pakistan Resolution, which asked for an independent state of Pakistan. Soon after World War II, the United Kingdom became convinced that it could not keep its colonies in South Asia, as the British Empire had suffered very badly from the war. By 1947, British India was divided into two countries, a Muslim-majority Pakistan and a Hindu-majority India. Bangladesh split from Pakistan in 1971.


Sexual arousal

Sexual arousal is the feeling humans and animals get when they are ready to have sexual intercourse. Someone who can only get sexually aroused after forming an emotional bond with someone is called a demisexual.

When people become sexually aroused, their bodies change in certain ways.
Animal sexuality is not very well understood today, but scientists are sure that animals do get sexually aroused without having sexual intercourse. Dolphins and Bonobos both use sex as a ""social tool to strengthen and maintain bonds.""



Brahan Castle

Brahan Castle was a castle that used to stand near Dingwall, in Easter Ross, Scotland. The castle belonged to the chiefs of the Clan Mackenzie who ruled the area. The Jacobite risings as well as religious struggles all took place around the castle. 

The castle was also the place where the Jacobite Mackenzies became the first defeated clan who were forced to surrender and be ruled by the English. The building was demolished in 1951.

Clan Mackenzie

Clan Mackenzie is a Highland Scottish clan, historically associated with lands in Kintail and Ross-shire.

The clan were involved many times in fighting against rival clans and the English. In 1746 the clan were victorious against the British government and the people who supported them. Afterwards however they were to be defeated.

Awami Muslim League

The Awami Muslim League () is a political party in Pakistan headed by Sheikh Rashid Ahmad. The Awami Muslim League was formed in June 2008.

Patnitop

Patnitop or Patni Top, is a hill top tourist location in Udhampur District on the National Highway 1A, on the way from Udhampur to Srinagar. It is located in the Shiwalik belt of the Himalayas, and is in Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir. Patnitop is 47 km from Udhampur and 112 km from Jammu. This famous hill resort is perched on a beautiful plateau, at an altitude of 2024 m across which the Jammu-Srinagar Highway passes. The river Chenab flows close to this location.

Origin of the name Patnitop is a distortion of the original name of "Patan Da Talab" meaning "Pond of the Princess". In olden times a pond existed in the meadows and the kings princess often used to have her bath there. Part of the pond still exists near the youth hostel. The Britishers probably could not get the name correctly in their revenue records, and over the years it changed from "Patan Da Talab" to Patnitop.

Farooq Leghari

Farooq Leghari (, May 29, 1940 - October 20, 2010) was President of Pakistan from November 14, 1993 until December 2, 1997.

Wasim Sajjad

Wasim Sajjad (born 30 March 1941) was President of Pakistan two times. He served as interim President prior to elections.

Muhammad Rafiq Tarar

Muhammad Rafiq Tarar (, November 2, 1929 – March 7, 2022) was President of Pakistan from January 1, 1998 until June 20, 2001. During Pakistan's independence in 1947, Rafiq Tarar worked as a relief worker in camps set up by Muslim Students Federation for refugees, migrating from British India to Pakistan.

He belonged to the Tarar Jatt clan of Pakistani Punjab. He was also a Senator from 1997 until 1998. Tarar was also a Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan from 1991 until 1994.

Tarar died on March 7, 2022 in Lahore, Pakistan from a heart attack, aged 92.

Liaquat Ali Khan

Nawabzada Liaquat Ali Khan (, ', October 1, 1895 – October 16, 1951) was a Pakistani politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Pakistan and Defence Minister. Liaquat rose to political importance as a member of the All-India Muslim League.

He played an important role in the independence movement of Pakistan from the British Empire. In 1947, he became the prime minister, a position that he held until his assassination in October 1951.

In Pakistan, he is regarded as one of the right-hand men of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the leader of the Muslim League and first governor-general of Pakistan, but stands largely a controversial figure due to his bad relations with Miss Fatima Jinnah an account of which has been published in Qudrat Shahab's "Shahab Nama". He was one of the architect as well as one of the few builders of Pakistan. He tried to organize the social and political life in Pakistan along these lines "in Pakistan, consensus can be desired in all areas of civil life, such as art and literature, politics, religion and education. Liaquat Ali Khan was given the titles of Quaid-e-Millat (Leader of the Nation), and, after his death, Shaheed-e-Millat (Martyr of the Nation).

Muhammad Ali Bogra

Muhammad Ali Bogra (; October 19, 1909 — January 23, 1963) was a Pakistani statesman of Bengali origin. He served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1953 until 1955.

Beveridge, Victoria

Beveridge is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is on the Hume Highway, north of Melbourne. In 2006 there were 1,192 people living in Beveridge and the local area.

Beveridge was named after Scottish sheep farmer Andrew Beveridge who built the Hunters' Tryste Inn in 1845. The Inn still serves as a hotel, as well as post office and general store.

The town is known as the birthplace of bushranger Ned Kelly. He lived there as a small boy. His birth details aren't known, but he was probably born at his grandfather, James Quinn's farm. A cottage where the Kelly family lived for a short time is still standing today, located on Kelly Street. It is recorded that John Kelly built this house in about 1859 when Ned was about five years old. Dan Kelly and Kate Kelly were born in the house. The Primary School is a bluestone building once a church where the Kelly family prayed. Sitting on a hillside, this gothic style building was built between 1857 and 1862. The sacristy and chancel were added in 1877.

Near Beveridge is Mt Fraser, an extinct volcanic cone. It last erupted about 1 million years ago. It is about 120 metres in height above the surrounding land. From this spot the explorers Hume and Hovell first saw Port Phillip Bay on 14 December 1824. A quarry now operates at the side of the hill. 

Chaudhry Muhammad Ali

Chaudhry Muhammad Ali () (July 15, 1905 - December 2, 1980) was a Pakistani statesman. He served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1955 to 1956.

Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy

Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy (September 8, 1892 - December 5, 1963) was a politician from Bengal in undivided India, and later in East Pakistan. He served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1956 until 1957. He is also known for his controversial role in the Direct Action Day of August 16, 1946. Following riots in Bengal during the last days of India's fight for freedom, he was considered a favourite of Muhammad Ali Jinnah. He is also considered to be the first populist leader in Pakistan's history. He is the founder of the Awami League, one of the two major political parties of present-day Bangladesh.

Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar

Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar (, April 15, 1898 - March 13, 1968), commonly known as I. I. Chundrigar, was Prime Minister of Pakistan for about 2 months from October 17, 1957 to December 16, 1957.

Malik Sir Feroz Khan Noon

Malik Sir Feroz Khan Noon (1893-1970) was a politician from Pakistan. He was the 7th Prime Minister of Pakistan.

Nurul Amin

Nurul Amin (, , July 15, 1893 - October 2, 1974) was a Prime Minister and Vice President of Pakistan. He was a well known Bengali leader of the Pakistan's Muslim League, and served as Chief Minister of East Pakistan.

Muhammad Khan Junejo

Mohammad Khan Junejo (Urdu: , Sindhi :محمد خان جوڻيجو, August 18, 1932 – March 16, 1993) was a Pakistani politician and statesman who served as the tenth prime minister of Pakistan from 1985 to 1988 under president Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq.

Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi

Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi (Urdu: غلام مصطفیٰ جتوئی) (n 14 August 1931 - 20 November 2009) was Prime Minister of Pakistan for 3 months, from August 6, 1990 to November 6, 1990.

Zafarullah Khan Jamali

Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali (Urdu/Baloch: میر ظفراللہ خان جمالی) (January 1, 1944 – December 2, 2020) was a Pakistani politician and businessman. He was the 15th Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2002 to 2004. He was the chairman of the Pakistan Hockey Federation. Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali was born in present-day Balochistan, Pakistan.

Jamali died of a heart attack on December 2, 2020 in Rawalpindi, Pakistan at the age of 76.

Shaukat Aziz

Shaukat Aziz (, born March 6, 1949, in Karachi, Pakistan) was the Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2004 to 2007. He became Finance Minister in November 1999. Aziz was chosen by President Musharraf for the position of Prime Minister after the resignation of Zafarullah Khan Jamali on June 6, 2004. He became Prime Minister on August 28, 2004, and served until November 15, 2007. He was the first Prime Minister of Pakistan to complete a full term in office.

Yousaf Raza Gillani

Syed Makhdoom Yousaf Raza Gillani (, born June 9, 1952 in Karachi) was the 16th Prime Minister of Pakistan. He was a former Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan (1993-1997) and former Federal Minister (1985-1986).

He was nominated by Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), with the support of coalition partners, Pakistan Muslim League (N), Awami National Party, Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (F) and Muttahida Qaumi Movement on 22 March 2008. He took the oath of office from President Pervez Musharraf on 25 March 2008. Gilani is the first elected Prime Minister of Pakistan from the Seraiki-speaking belt, a much-neglected area politically.

Gilani is also the present vice chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party.

On 26 April 2012 Gillani was discharged from the prime ministership due to white-collar crime charges. On 19 June 2012, the supreme court of Pakistan finally ousted Gillani from the premiership due to charges of corruption. He was replaced by Raja Pervez Ashraf because the first candidate Makhdoom Shahabuddin was arrested on alleged drug trafficking, in collaboration with Gillani's son. The hearing of cases against Gillani are going on at this time.

OpenOffice Writer

OpenOffice Writer is the word processor part of the OpenOffice.org software package. Writer is a word processor that is like Microsoft Word and Corel's WordPerfect.

Just like all of the OpenOffice suite, Writer can be used on many Operating Systems, including Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, Linux, FreeBSD and Solaris. Released under the terms of the Apache License, Writer is free software. if anybody wants to collect a word processor free of cost he has software for him called open office.org writer.

Writer can open and save documents in a lot of formats, including the OASIS Open Document Format 1.1, Microsoft Word's DOC, RTF and XHTML.

Writer has a number of abilities that are not in Word, including the ability to export to the PDF format natively.

Abilities include:

Though OpenOffice.org Writer has a spell checker, it does not have an included grammar checker though this is available as an extension. Writer's mail merge functions, rewritten in 2.0, is still less flexible than in other word processors.


Run Run Shaw

Sir Run Run Shaw CBE, GBM (19 November 1907 – 7 January 2014) was an important name in Hong Kong cinema. He made many films with his brother Runme Shaw. Later in life, he donated a lot of money to charity, schools, and hospitals.

He died at his residence on the morning of 7 January 2014 at 6:55am (HKT) at the age of 106 from natural causes, peacefully with his family by his side.


Stone Sour

Stone Sour was a rock band from Iowa, United States. Their singer is also the lead singer in Slipknot (Corey Taylor). They are signed to Roadrunner Records and have released six albums. They have been nominated for three Grammy Awards, one in 2005 and two in 2006.

Stone Sour stated bands like Soundgarden, Deftones, Stone Temple Pilots, Tesla, Alice in Chains and Metallica as influences.



Gears of War

Gears of War, sometimes called Gears, is a third-person shooter videogame developed by Epic Games and published by Microsoft. It was released only for the Xbox 360 in 2006 but was later released for Microsoft Windows. 

The company sold three million copies in ten weeks and was the fastest selling video game of 2006. It was the second most played game on the Xbox 360's online service, Xbox Live, in 2006 - only beaten by Halo 3. A film version of the game is currently being made by New Line cinema. The sequel, "Gears of War 2", was released in November 2008. 

The PC version uses a DRM protection scheme. The certificate needed to play the game is invalid since January 1, 2009, making the game unplayable. Fortunately to the players, the protection can be worked around by simply changing the system date. 


A.K. Fazlul Huq

Abul Kashem Fazlul Huq ("Abul Kashem Fozlul Hôk") (26 October 1873 – 27 April 1962), often called Sher-e-Bangla (Bengali: শেরে বাংলা "Shere Bangla", from Urdu: "Sher-e Banglā" "Tiger of Bengal") was a well-known Bengali statesman in the first half of the 20th century. He held different political posts including General Secretary of the Indian National Congress (1918-1919), Education Minister (1924), the first Muslim Mayor of Calcutta (1935), Chief Minister of undivided Bengal (1937-1943) and East Pakistan (1954), Home Minister of Pakistan (1955-56), Governor of East Pakistan (1956-58), Food and Agriculture Minister of Pakistan (1958-61)

Fazlul Huq died on Friday 27 April 1962 at 10:20 am. He was 89 years and 6 months old. His body was kept at his home in 27 K. M. Das Lane, Tikatuli until 10:30 am on 28 April. It was on a customized ice-bed. Then his "Salat al-Janazah" prayer was held at the Paltan Moydan. His funeral drew a crowd of over half a million. All educational institutions of Pakistan were declared closed on 30 April to pay tribute to him. All important officials of Pakistan attended his Janazah.


Lahore Resolution

The Lahore Resolution (Urdu="Qarardad-e-Lahore" قرارداد لاھور), commonly known as the Pakistan Resolution (Urdu=قرارداد پاکستان "Qarardad-e-Pakistan") was a political resolution, or statement drafted between 22nd to 24th March 1940, by the 25-member Working Committee of the All-India Muslim League, and then formally adopted by the Muslim League membership at its general session on 23 March 1940, held at Lahore. This resolution asked for greater Muslim autonomy of Muslim majority states such as Punjab, Bengal, Sindh and NWFP within British India. However, later on most people thought of this as a call for a separate Muslim state, Pakistan. The resolution was presented at Minto Park (now renamed 'Iqbal Park'), in Lahore, by Maulvi A.K. Fazlul Huq on the instructions of the Working Committee.

In fact, from the declaration made in this resolution in 1940 onwards, the goals of the Muslim League became increasingly fixed upon achieving an independent nation-state.

Today, the resolution's importance is remembered in Pakistan, by the Minar-e-Pakistan structure that stands in the Greater Iqbal Park, Lahore.
So fair ideas of Muslims separated had been floating in Indian political atmosphere.

The following is the full list of the 25 original, formally designated members of the Special Working Committee of the All India Muslim League, 1940, which met between 21 and 24 March 1940, and which largely drafted the Lahore Resolution.

Amritsar Tahsil

Amritsar Tahsil was an administrative subdivision of the Lahore Division in British Punjab of British India. The tahsil had an area of 545 square miles. To the west was Lahore situated on the Ravi River and east was the Beas River, which divided it from the State of Kapurthala. The area contained fertile land irrigated by the Bari Doab Canal. The city of Amritsar city is located in this area. The population of the tahsil in 1901 was 488,383, compared with 462,734 in 1891. The city of Amritsar (population, 162,429 in 1901) was the headquarters. It also contained the towns of Majitha (6,403) and Jandiala Guru (7,750); and 373 villages.

Punjab Province (British India)

Punjab was a province of British India, it was one of the last areas of the Indian subcontinent to fall under British rule. With the end of British rule in 1947 the province was split between India and Pakistan. The area that made up British Punjab streched from Himachal Pradesh in the east to Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the west, which itself was separated in 1909; has today been split into the following areas:


The word Punjab is named from the "five rivers" which flow through it: the Jhelum, Chenab, Ravi, Beas and Sutlej, all tributaries of the Indus.

The Punjab province of British India was a triangular area of country bordered by the Indus and the Sutlej rivers.

In 1947, the province of Punjab was divided between the new republics of India and Pakistan. The mostly Muslim western part of the province became Pakistan's Punjab Province; the mostly Sikh and Hindu eastern part became India's Punjab state in 1966. Many Hindus and Sikhs lived in the west, and many Muslims lived in the east, and so the partition saw many people displaced and much intercommunal violence. Lahore and Amritsar were at the center of the problem, the British were not sure where to place them - make them part of India or Pakistan. The British decided to hand both cities to India, but because of a lack of control and regulation for the border, Amritsar became part of India while Lahore became part of Pakistan. Areas in west Punjab such as Lahore, Rawalpindi, Multan, Gujrat, had a large Sikh population and many of the residents were attacked or killed by radical Muslims. On the other side in East Punjab cities such as Amritsar, Ludhiana, and Gurdaspur had a majority Muslim population in which many of them were wiped out by Sikh guerrillas who launched an all out war against the Muslims.

Saugor and Nerbudda Territories

The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories was a region of British India. The territories were located in what is now the central part of present-day Madhya Pradesh state in India. It includes the districts of Sagar (Saugor), Damoh, Jabalpur, and Narsinghpur.

The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories were captured from the Marathas after the Third Anglo-Maratha War of 1818. Saugor was the seat of a Maratha governor, and the northern part of the territory was given to the British by the Maratha Peshwa, the southern part, which included Jabalpur and the upper Narmada River valley, was ceded by the Bhonsle Maharaja of Nagpur. The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories were attached to the North-Western Provinces, which included the British Dominions in the southern part of present-day Uttar Pradesh state. In 1861 the Saugor and Nerbudda Territories were combined with Nagpur Province, which the British had taken over in 1853, to form the Central Provinces.

Lilian Jackson Braun

Lilian Jackson Braun (June 20, 1913 – June 4, 2011) was an American writer. She is most well known for her "The Cat Who..." series of mystery books. The books are about the life of former newspaper reporter James Qwilleran, and his two Siamese cats, KoKo and Yum Yum. She wrote 29 books in "The Cat Who..." series. Braun also wrote several collections of short stories. She did not like to use technology such as computers. She wrote her books on a typewriter or in longhand.

After writing her third book, "The Cat Who Turned On and Off", Braun took time off from novel writing. She starting working for the Detroit Free Press. She worked there for 30 years. She started as "The Good Living" editor. She wrote feature articles on interior design, art and architecture. She also wrote reviews of kitchen gadgets and household products.




Faridpur District

Faridpur district () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division. Faridpur is the headquarter of this district. The area of this district is 2072.72 km² and is bordered by Rajbari and Manikganj districts on the north, Gopalganj district on the south, Dhaka, Munshiganj and Madaripur districts on the east. The soil of this region is fertile, although once upon a time the district consisted mainly of marshland.

The main rivers are Padma, Old Kumar, Arial Khan, Gorai, Chandana, Bhubanshwar and Lohartek.

Faridpur district consists of 9 upazilas, 4 municipalities, 79 union parishads, 36 wards, 92 mahallas and 1859 villages. The town consists of 9 wards and 35 mahallas. The area of the town is 20.23 km². The population of the town is 99634; male 51.73%, female 48.27%.

The district's nine upazilas:

The district is named after the Sufi saint Shah Sheikh Fariduddin, who preached there in the 12th and 13th centuries. In the early 1800s, Hazi Shariatullah started the Farayzi movement against the British rulers from this district. The movement against the British use of Indigo cultivation was also started from Faridpur under the leadership of Dudu Miah.

The district used to be called Fatehabad until 1860. The town of Faridpur came into being towards the late 1700s. Faridpur was one of the places which led the other districts in the anti-colonial movement across the 30s and 40s.

The total population is 1,714,496:


Barisal Division

Barishal (also spelt Barisāl) is a division of south-central Bangladesh. It used to be a district called Bakerganj. It is now one of 6 divisions of Bangladesh, but before Bangladeshi independence it was formerly part of East Pakistan as a district. The town of Barishal was under the control of the Roychoudhury family, which now has moved to Calcutta.

In 1797 the area was established as Bakerganj District but later renamed as Barisal District.

Kuakata beach is the main tourist spot in the division. It is one of the two sea beaches in South Asia where both sunrise and sunset at sea can be seen.

Durga Sagor is another beautiful Dighi where a number of migratory birds arrive every winter.
There are 42 upazilas in total in Barisal division: most recent upazilas are Rangabali in Patuakhali and Taltoli in Barguna.

The division is subdivided into six districts (zilas) and thence into 39 sub-districts (upazilas). Lower level administrative areas are 353 union parishads, 3,159 mouzas, 12 municipalities, 25 wards and 4,163 villages.

Chittagong Division

Chattogram Division is one of the eight administrative divisions of Bangladesh. It covers the most southern areas of the country and is also the second largest one.

In 1947 the area was continued as a Division, as one of four divisions of East Bengal. The upland districts of "Khagrachhari", "Rangamati" and "Bandarban" together comprise an area known as the Chittagong Hill Tracts. Before 1995, the four districts of Sylhet Division were also a part of Chittagong Division. 

Khulna Division

Khulna Division is one of the eight divisions of Bangladesh. It is in the southwest of the country. Almost 30 million people live there. Its headquarters is Khulna city in Khulna District.

The Khulna division borders the Rajshahi Division to the north, the Dhaka Division to the northeast, Barisal Division to the east, the Bay of Bengal to the south and the state of West Bengal (in India) to the west. Barisal Division used to be part of Khulna Division.

Khulna Division consists of the following districts:


When part of East Pakistan's - Khulna provided most of the money from abroad due to the Jute industry. The country's second seaport, Mongla Port, and the country's only only ship building yard is in Khulna division.

The largest mangrove forest in the World the Sundarban is spread over the three districts of the division: Satkhira, Khulna and Bagherhat.


Rajshahi Division

Rajshahi Division is one of the six administrative divisions of Bangladesh. It has a population of almost 30 million and area of about 34,513 km. Rajshahi division consists of 16 districts, 128 Upazilas and 1,092 Unions (the lowest administrative tier). It has an excellent rail and roads. The divisional city Rajshahi is only four hours road journey away from Dhaka, the capital city. 

Rajshahi division is in the north western corner of Bangladesh. The famous river Padma borders Rajshahi division on the south and another famous river, Jamuna, lies across the eastern border. In the north and west, Rajshahi division shares a border with India.


Sylhet Division

Sylhet Division is the Northeastern division of Bangladesh. It is named after its main city, Sylhet. The division is bordered by the Meghalaya State of India on the north, Tripura State on the south, Assam State of India on the east and Dhaka and Chittagong divisions on the west. Bangladeshis also claims the Karimganj Thana as part of its country.

The population of Sylhet Division is about 10 million. Followers of different religions are: Muslim 81.16%, Hindu 17.80%, Christian 0.06%, Buddhist 0.02% and others 0.96%.

Sylhet district was created in 1772 after this area was acquired by the British in 1767 and Mr. William Thackeray was appointed as the first collector. Current Sylhet district consists of 12 (twelve) upazilas. There is an attempt to make this web portal useful to the needs of information seekers. It contains detailed information on various important government departments, resources, publications, education, agriculture, medicine, tourism and housing. The process of continuously enriching the web portal will continue. the late 18th century, the British East India Company became interested in Sylhet. They saw it as an area of strategic importance in the war against Burma. Sylhet gradually fell under British control and administration. It was governed as a part of Bengal. After the British administrative reorganization of India, Sylhet became a part of Assam. It remained a part of Assam for the rest of the era of British rule.

In 1947, after a referendum, almost all of Sylhet as a district became a part of East Bengal at the time and remained so after Bangladeshi independence. The Karimganj subdivision became part of the new Indian state of Assam. The referendum was held on 3 July 1947. There were a total of 546,815 votes cast on 239 polling stations. A majority of 43.8 per cent voted in favour of East Bengal. There were protests about false votes, but the referendum was acknowledged during India's independence on 18 July 1947. In 1971, Sylhet became part of the newly formed country of Bangladesh.

Barguna District

Barguna is a district in South-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division. It has a total area of 1831.31 km². It is bordered on the north by the districts of Jhalokati, Barisal, Pirojpur and Patuakhali. In the east, it borders Patuakhali District. On the south, Barguna is bounded by Patuakhali District, the Bay of Bengal. On the western side, it borders Pirojpur and Bagerhat districts. Important rivers of Barguna district include the Payra river, Bishkhali river and the Baleshwar river.

Barguna is divided into 6 upazilas: 


There are a total of 38 union parishads (union councils), 238 mouzas and 560 villages in these five upazilas. Barguna also has four municipalities containing 44 wards and 49 mahallas.

The largest city in the district is Barguna Town. It has a total area of 15.57 km² and is divided into 9 wards and 19 mohallas.

As of 2007, Barguna District has a population of 902,465, females constitute a majority of the population with a percentage of 50.12% while males constitute 49.88%. 91.01% of the people are Muslim, 8.69% Hindu, 0.04% Christian, 0.24% Buddhist, and 0.02% other.

Barisal District

Barishal is a district in southern Bangladesh. It is also the headquarters of Barishal Division.

Barishal was a semi-independent area in the Mughal period. Later it came under the control of British India. After British rule it was part of East Bengal (later East Pakistan) and finally, Bangladesh.

Barishal District is divided into the following Upazilas (formerly called Thanas): 

Bhola District

Bhola () is a district in south-western Bangladesh. It is in the Barisal Division. It is also the largest offshore island region in Bangladesh, with an area of 3403.48 km². It is bordered by Lakshmipur and Barisal districts to the north. Bay of Bengal is to the south; Lakshmipur and Noakhali districts, Meghna (lower) river and Shahbazpur Channel are to the east. Patuakhali district and Tentulia river are to the west.

Bhola district comprises the following upazilas:



Jhalokati District

Jhalokati or Jhalokathi () is a district in South-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division.

The district is administratively subdivided into 4 upazilas, these are:

Patuakhali District

Patuakhali is a district in South-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division. This district is called "SagorKonna", which means daughter of sea. It is watered by the Bay of Bengal.

There are 6 Upazilas/Thanas in this district. They are:

Agriculture is the profession of the most of the people. Fishing is also a prominent profession of this district. Thousands of boats go into the deep sea to fish and come back with tons of fish. Paddy, Jute, and different types of vegetables are the main product of agriculture sector.

Pirojpur District

Pirojpur () is a district in South-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division. Most of the land is low lying and the soil is fertile. There are small forests. The Pirojpur municipality was established in 1985. Nesarabad is famous for business centres and also for the Sundori tree (a kind of mangrove tree) that grows there.

Pirojpur district is divided into units, also known as "Thana"s : Pirojpur Sadar, Nesarabad, Mothbaria, Bhandaria, Zianagar, Nazirpur, Kawkhali. The subdivision of Pirojpur was created in 1866.

Divisions of Bangladesh

Bangladesh consists of a number of administrative areas called divisions ("bibhag"), each named after its respective capital.


Each division is further split into districts ("zila") which are then further sub-divided into Upazilas.

Following the Independence of Bangladesh of Bangladesh in 1971, the country inherited the four divisions of former East Pakistan: 


In 1983, the English spelling of the Dacca division (along with the name of the capital city) was changed to Dhaka to more closely match the Bangla pronunciation.

In 1993, Barisal division was off from Khulna. Barisal (Bengali: বরিশাল) is one of the eight administrative divisions of Bangladesh. Located in the south-central part of the country, it has an area of 13,644.85 km2 (5,268.31 sq mi), and a population of 8,325,666 at the 2011 Census. It is bounded by Dhaka Division on the north, the Bay of Bengal on the south, Chittagong Division on the east and Khulna Division on the west. The administrative capital, Barisal city, lies in the Ganges (Padma) River delta on an offshoot of the Arial Khan River (Kirtonkhola). Barisal division is criss-crossed by numerous rivers that earned it the nickname 'Dhan-Nodi-Khal, Ei tine Borishal' (rice, river and canal built Barisal).

Sylhet Division (Bengali: সিলেট) also known as Greater Sylhet or Sylhet region, is the northeastern division of Bangladesh, named after its main city, Sylhet. It is bordered by the Indian states of Meghalaya, Assam and Tripura to the north, east and south, respectively; and by the Bangladeshi divisions of Chittagong to the southwest, Dhaka and Mymensingh to the west.

Rangpur Division (Bengali: রংপুর) became Bangladesh's seventh division on January 25, 2010. Before that, it was the northern 8 districts of the Rajshahi Division. The Rangpur division has eight districts: Rangpur, Dinajpur, Kurigram, Gaibandha, Nilphamari, Panchagarh, Thakurgaon, and Lalmonirhat. There are 58 subdistricts under these eight districts. Rangpur is the northernmost division of Bangladesh. There were 15,665,000 people at the 2011 Census. The major cities of this new division are Rangpur and Dinajpur.

On 12 January 2015 prime minister Sheikh Hasina declared the establishment of a new Mymensingh Division (Bengali: ময়মনসিংহ). The intention was that this would carve six districts (those comprising the original Mymensingh district of 1787) out of the Dhaka Division. However, while four of the districts were eager about the establishment of new division, people of Tangail and Kishorgonj Districts wanted to remain part of Dhaka Division. On 14 September 2015 Mymensingh was officially announced as a division consisting of four districts. It has an area of 10,485 km² and a population of 11,370,000 as of the 2011 census. 

Districts of Bangladesh

There are 64 Districts of Bangladesh known as zilas (Bengali: জেলা "jela" - district). The districts are further subdivided into 493 sub-districts, or upazila (উপজেলা "upojela"). 

These 64 districts make up the eight divisions of Bangladesh, the districts are listed below in alphabetical order by division. The official English name of each district is followed by the official Bengali name (in brackets).







Backergunje

Backergunje, or Bakarganj was a former district of British India in the Dacca division of Eastern Bengal and Assam, and is now mostly in Bangladesh. In the year 1901, the population was 2,291,752. The district was mainly flat even country with areas of bamboo and betelnut trees, and was crossed by dark-coloured and sluggish streams. There was not a hill in the whole district.

The main rivers of the district were the Meghna, the Arial Khan and the Haringhata or Baleswar. The Haringhata, Baleswar, Madhumati and Garai are different names for the same river - people could travel throughout the district by boat.

There were small trading villages throughout the district, and each area had fairs to trade. The condition of the people was good, people had land and were able to grow rice to support their families, for this reason it was very hard to hire people for work.

Bandarban District

Bandarban (Bengali:বান্দরবান) is a district in South-Eastern Bangladesh, and a part of the Chittagong Division and the Chittagong Hill Tracts. Bandarban (meaning "the dam of monkeys") is also known as Arvumi or the Bohmong Circle (of the rest of the three hill districts Rangamati is the Chakma Circle and Khagrachari is the Mong Circle).

As part of British India the area became part of the Bohmong circle and had some independence. During World War II many soldiers arrived in the area to fight against the Japanese who were in nearby Burma. The tribes of these hills have always rebelled against those who have tried to rule them. When India, Pakistan and Burma became independent from Britain, the tribes of Bandarban flew the flag of Burma for a few days. During the Bangladesh War of 1971 which was fought to gain independence from Pakistan, leaders of the tribal people sought allegiance with Pakistan government.

In the late 1970s, Bengalis stated settling into the hills pursued, which later gave rise to much violence against the hill people and started a rebellion led by Shanti Bahini. 

Bod, Brașov

Bod is a commune in Brașov County, Romania. As of 1966, just over 4,000 people were living in Bod.

Calafat

Calafat is a city in Dolj County, Romania. It is near the Danube River. This is across from the Bulgarian city of Vidin. Calafat was started in the 14th century by Genoese colonists. About 21,200 people lived in Calafat, as of 2000.

Calafat is twinned with:

Dacia

The Roman province of Dacia was in the Balkans. It included Transylvania, Banat and Oltenia in the modern Romania, and Muntenia and southern Moldova. It did not include the nearby regions of Moesia.

It was a big district in Central Europe of the Roman Empire. The northern part of the border was made up of the Carpathians; the southern part of the border of Dacia was made up of the Danube River, and the western part of the border of Dacia was made up of the Tisza River. Along the borders many Roman strongpoints built. The Dacia district protected the Empire from foreign tribes of the north east side.

The place where Dacia once was is now made up of Romania and Moldova, along with some parts of Hungary, Bulgaria and Ukraine. The capital of Dacia was Sarmizegetusa. The name of Romania came probably from the idea of the former "Romans country".

Dacia was added to the Roman Empire in its earliest days by the Emperor Trajan. Despite its wealth, it was the first province from which Rome withdrew.

Gepids

The Gepids were an East Germanic Gothic tribe who became famous after defeating the Huns. The place where the Gepids lived was called Gepidia or Kingdom of the Gepids. The place where the Gepids used to live contained some of Romania, Hungary and Serbia.


Commander-in-Chief

A commander-in-chief is the commander of a nation's military forces. Some country's commander-in-chief does not need to have been a soldier or involved in the military. The term was first used by King Charles I of England in 1639. 

Commanders-in-Chief is sometimes referred to as Supreme Commander, which is sometimes used as a specific term.

The role of command in chief is done by the Governor-General of Australia as the Queen's representative.

The title Commander-in-Chief is rarely used by the King or Queen of England, but usually refers to local commanders-in-chief. 

After independence from Britain on August 15, 1947, each Service was given its own Chief Commander (navy, army, airforce).

Before 1979, the Shah was the commander-in-chief in Iran. After the creation of the Islamic Republic, the Supreme Leader of Iran has taken on the role.

In Ireland, the commander-in-chief of the army is the President.

In Pakistan, the President is by law the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, however the elected Prime Minister has the real power.

When Hong Kong was a British colony the Governor was also the Commander-in-Chief of Hong Kong.

Commander-in-chief is one of the many roles given to the president of the United States

Corbu, Harghita

Corbu is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. 

India Command

British India Command was the name given to the general staff of the Commander-in-Chief (shortened to C-in-C) of British India.

The Commander-in-Chief of India reported to the civilian Governor-General of India. Most of the C-in-C's staff were based at the General Headquarters India (GHQ India).

During World War II the C-in-C India was also responsible for Ceylon and the Burma Campaign. During this time Chinese and American units also came under the operational control of the India Command.


Governor-General of India

The Governor-General of India was the head of the British administration in British India. He was known as the Viceroy because he was the representative of the monarch, who for many years was Queen Victoria. 

The position was created in 1773, with the title of "Governor-General of the Presidency of Fort William". In the beginning the officer had direct control only over Fort William, but supervised other British East India Company officials in India. However in 1833 the Governor was given complete control over all of British India and from then on was known as the Governor-General of India.

Many parts of India were governed by the East India Company, which was supposed to be agents of the Mughal Emperor. 

After the Indian Rebellion of 1857 the East India Company was abolished and the lands it had overned in the Indian sub-continent ware put under the direct control of the government of Britain. The Governor-General headed the central Government of India in Calcutta and was responsible to the imperial government in London. The rest of the sub-continent was administered by a large number of princely rulers under the supreme authority of Britain. The Governor-General was commonly known as the Viceroy of India because of his secondary role as Britain's representative to these nominally independent princely states.

Although India and Pakistan became independent in 1947, Governors-General stayed on to represent the Monarch of Great Britain until each rewrote their laws to become republics. When Pakistan and India become independent in 1947 King George who had been before then been the Emperor of India became the King of both countries.

However when India became a republic in 1950 he was no longer king of that country, however he remained king of Pakistan until his death in 1952. After that Elizabeth become Queen until 1956 when Pakistan too became a republic.

Warren Hastings

Warren Hastings (December 7 1732 - August 22 1818) was the first Governor-General of India, from 1773 to 1785. He was born at Churchill, Oxfordshire. He attended Westminster School before joining the British East India Company in 1750 as a clerk. In 1757 he was made the British Resident (administrative in charge) of Murshidabad. He was appointed to the Calcutta council in 1761, but was back in England in 1764. He returned to India in 1769 as a part of the Madras council and was made governor of Bengal in 1772. In 1773, he was appointed the first Governor-General of India. 

For ten years Hastings managed to help expand British control across India that had been stated by Robert Clive. Some of his fellow Britons blamed him for not getting victory in the Second Anglo-Mysore War.

Hastings resigned in 1784 and returned to England, however when he arrived in England he was charged with corruption by Edmund Burke. Burke was encouraged by Sir Philip Francis who had been wounded by Hastings in a duel in India. The trial took seven years and Hastings was acquitted. 

On August 22 1806, the Edinburgh East India Club held a party to honour Hastings, asking for "Prosperity to our settlements in India".

The city of Hastings, New Zealand and the Melbourne outer suburb of Hastings, Victoria, Australia were both named after him.

Hastings is a Senior Wing House at St Paul's School, Darjeeling, India, where all the senior wing houses are named after colonial-age military figures.

Robert Clive

Robert Clive, 1st Baron Clive of Plassey, KB (29 September 1725 – 22 November 1774), also known as Clive of India, was a British soldier who established British control in Southern India and Bengal. Together with Warren Hastings he was one of the key figures in the creation of British India.

Robert Clive was born at Styche, the family estate, in the parish in Moreton Say, near Market Drayton, Shropshire. Teachers were unable to control the young Clive. He is said to have climbed the tower of St Mary's Parish Church in Market Drayton and sat on a gargoyle, frightening people down below. He also attempted to set up a protection racket enforced by a gang of youths. Faced with the choice of paying up or receiving a visit from Clive and his 'boys', many of Market Drayton's shopkeepers decided to pay. His bad behaviour resulted in him being expelled from three schools, including Market Drayton Grammar School. He also went to Clifton College School. He boarded there for 3 years. 

As an adult Clive worked for the British East India Company. In 1746 he joined the Company army and fought well against the French army in India. He led the winning army in the Battle of Plassey during the Seven Years War. He was the first governor of Bengal during 1757 to 1760 in India. He is sometimes called the founder of British empire in India.

The town of Clive, New Zealand was named after him. The name was given by John Curling.

Syed Hussain Bilgrami

Syed Hussain Bilgrami was an Indian teacher of Islamic studies and a poltician. Syed was born in the year 1844 in the town of Bihar and died in the year 1926 in the city of Hyderabad. Syed worked at Cunning College in Lucknow as an Arabic linguist from 1866-1873. In 1874, Syed became the secretary of Salar Jung until he died. While Syed was the secretary of Jung, he met with Queen Victoria and other British polticians. 

Chaudhry Khaliquzzaman

Chaudhry Khaliquzzaman (1889–1973) was an Pakistani Muslim politician. He was leader of the All India Muslim League in the United Provinces (now Uttar Pradesh). A strong supporter of Muhammad Ali Jinnah and the Pakistan movement, Khaliquzzaman migrated to Pakistan in 1947.

Valea Mare, Covasna

Valea Mare (Hungarian: Nagypatak) is a commune in Covasna County, Romania. About 1,140 people lived in Valea Mare as of the year 2002.

Tobias

Tobias is a Greek form of the Hebrew name ""Tobijah"" from the Bible, meaning ""Jehovah [God] is good"". It is often used as a male given name in Germany, Scandinavia, the United States and among Jewish people. In countries that speak English it is often shortened to Toby. Other short forms are Tobi (English, Germany) and Tobbe (Sweden). It has also been a surname (last name). The pronunciation of the name is [ t"uh"-bahy-"uh"s ]. This name was ranked #277 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

Several people are called Tobias in The Bible:






Flying disc

A flying disc is a round object with a flat shape and a thick rim. The rim helps with gripping and throwing the disc, and it also prevents it from flipping over while in the air. To throw the disc, the goal is to make it spin while it's in flight. 

There is another type of flying object called a flying ring, which is sold under the brand name Aerobie. Although they have different designs, both flying discs and flying rings rely on air resistance to fly.

Flying discs are used in two popular sports, Ultimate Frisbee and Disc Golf. The Frisbee brand of flying disc is not commonly used in official competitions for these sports. In fact, the team sport of Ultimate Frisbee is officially known as "Ultimate." However, the term "Frisbee" is still widely used to refer to any flying disc, just like "Kleenex" was once used to mean "facial tissue."

The Aerobie Superdisk is an alternative design of flying disc that, although somewhat differently shaped, still has very similar properties to the conventional disc. It has less air resistance. Because there is less resistance to motion, the Aerobie discs can fly farther than the conventional disc. The Aerobie flying ring has minimal drag and holds the world record for the longest flight by a human-thrown projectile. However, due to the lack of a rim, the Aerobie is less suited to angled, curved flights and air-bouncing.

The spin of the disc helps to keep the disc stable in flight and prevent unplanned tilting. This is because a large angular momentum stabilises the disc in the same way that it keeps a gyroscope steady, with the angular force forcing the mass of the disc away from the centre of mass, perpendicular to the axis of rotation. Any unequal force acting on a particular area of the disc is quickly redirected to be equal over the circumference of the disc.
As the disc spins faster, it becomes more stable due to the rapidity of the equalisation of forces.

The force required to accelerate the disc is directly proportional to the mass of the disc. This decreases the acceleration of the disc, assuming that the force of projection is constant. Therefore, discs come in a variety of weights, although those used for Ultimate are mainly 175 g in mass, heavier than the majority of discs and considerably heavier than an aerobie.

Flying discs (including Frisbees) can be thrown in many ways. All involve spinning the disc to give it gyroscopic stability, and accelerating its mass to a certain velocity. Without spin, a disc will wobble and fall; without velocity, the disc will not go anywhere. Using these two guidelines, any number of throws are possible. Most discs are designed to create lift when thrown with the flat side up.

Right-side up throws are all similar in that they react the same way to the tilt of the disc when it is released. A disc thrown right-side up will accelerate in the direction of the low end of the disc. A disc tilted leading-edge up will lose speed at the end of the throw and make a gentle landing; if tilted sideways (known in aeronautics terms as roll), it can curve around objects.

There is a language for describing throws that curve. Both descriptions are relative to the direction the person is facing and intends to throw. This axis is marked in "red" in the picture.


This is probably the most commonly learned throw, and also one of the most powerful. 





This throw is also known as the "flick," "two-finger," or the "side-arm". Focused in the wrist, this throw takes little time to execute. Along with the backhand, it is one of the two most common throws used in Ultimate.



The forehand is a versatile throw, and can be adapted to many different situations.




The Push Pass: A relatively little-used throw, it is thrown with a grip similar to a backhand (index finger on the outer rim of the disc, thumb on top, other fingers curled underneath) but is released on the forehand side from a forehand stance. A pronating wrist snap similar to a forehand release pushes the disc forward, while spin is imparted "backwards" by rolling the disc off the index finger. A final flick of the index finger finishes the release. It is difficult to impart as much spin to the push pass as one can typically impart to a forehand or backhand, resulting in a less stable throw. It is useful in Ultimate for very short throws released to the forehand side.

The thumber forehand is also known as a The Beach Thumber, Peach, or in the sport of guts, simply as a thumber. Its primary advantage is that it can be thrown quite hard and with a great amount of spin, and is relatively easy to learn. It is often seen used in a game of Guts due to its power and velocity. It is unpopular in Ultimate due to several disadvantages when compared to the standard forehand. It is relatively difficult to impart different curves or release angles to, it is harder to release extended away from the thrower's body, and it makes for slow grip transitions to a backhand or hammer.



The Overhand (also known as "Hungarian", "flamingo", "dragonwing", "windmill", "waffle", "discus", "wrist-hook", "chicken wing", or "biscuit") is rarely used among ultimate players, because the alternative, the traditional forehand, allows greater sideways arm extension, useful in moving the disc around defenders. The Overhand is most useful when the disc is caught above the head and must be thrown quickly without changing grips, such as during a Greatest attempt.



The Duck (also known as a "bear claw", a "duder," or a "useless") is thrown with a similar grip to the Overhand, except it is the backward version of it. While the Overhand is thrown with counter-clockwise spin (for right-handers), the duck is thrown with clockwise spin. It is usually thrown with the arm out to the side or above the head. It is called the duck due to the shape of the gripping hand during the throw, as if making a duck shadow puppet. This throw is used in attempts at The Greatest (jumping out of bounds and throwing the Frisbee back in to play while in the air).

A disc thrown upside-down has a very different flight path than one thrown right-side up. The lift force does not enforce stable flight as it does on a right-side up disc, resulting in a more of a parabolic arc in flight. As with a right-side up throw, however, the flight path of the disc will curve toward the lower edge. This banking effect is most pronounced when the disc is at a 45 degree angle, and less pronounced when it is near-vertical, or near-horizontal. 

Gyroscopic precession causes the disc to rotate toward horizontal through its flight path. Unlike a right-side up throw, however, an upside-down disc will not precess toward a stable flat state, and will in stead oscillate past horizontal and begin to bank in the opposite direction. This shuttlecock-like effect is known as "helixing", and is generally avoided due to the difficulty in controlling a helixing flight path. For this reason, an upside down throw is typically released with either clockwise rotation and the left edge up, or counterclockwise rotation and the right edge up. The longer the disc is expected to remain in the air, the closer to vertical it must be at release to avoid the helixing effect.

The Hammer is gripped just like a normal forehand throw, and is generally a mid-range, high and arching throw.



A hammer, when thrown by a right-handed thrower, will arc up and to the left as it moves away from the thrower, and will bank towards the right in flight. The banking effect will be more pronounced if the disc is thrown higher and spends more flight time near a 45 degree angle.

Another upside-down variant of the forehand, the scoober (also known as the "Spoon pass" or "Hiawatha") is similar to a hammer, but released away from the body from a backhand stance, instead of over the head from a forehand stance. The scoober travels in a path similar to the hammer, although the initial release is typically more flat than a hammer release. Although it is more difficult to impart power to a scoober than a hammer, a scoober can be an effective short-range (10 to 20 yards/meters) throw and is used in Ultimate for breaking the mark and to throw over defenders in a zone defense.


The Thumber (not to be confused with the "thumber forehand") is a throw that is rarely used in competitive play, compared to the Hammer or standard forehand. It has a flight path that is the mirror-image of the Hammer (arcing high and to the right for a right-handed thrower). It can be useful when the disc needs to drop quickly and fly with an opposite curve to a Hammer in order to avoid defenders.


This table represents the fundamental disc throws with classic technique in the foreword form, in fact exist many variations of throws and grips that make the number of pitches quite infinite. 

The "natural path" is the trajectory the disc takes without pre-release tilt.

The "hyzer path" is the trajectory the disc takes when the outside edge of the disc is tilted downward.

The "anhyzer path" is the trajectory the disc takes when the outside edge of the disc is tilted upward.

The "spin" is the rotation of the disc.

Every throw can be done with the right hand or the left hand and this is shown in the "hand" column.

RH=right hand, LH=left hand, R=the path tends to the right of the thrower, L=the path tends to the left of the thrower, 0 means that the path is quite linear.

So R with RH and L with LH are outside-in (OI) paths; R with LH and L with RH are inside-out (IO) paths.

In "spin" column numbers represent the sign of the angular momentum relative to the upside of the disc (+1=positive (counter-clockwise rotation), -1=negative (clockwise rotation)).

Throws may be signed as follows: hand acronym+throw acronym+tilt acronym. For example LHBHIO is an inside out backhand throw pitched with the left hand; RHFH0 is a linear forehand throw pitched with the right hand. To have linear paths the disc must be released with a light opposite tilt than his "natural path".


Iron Maiden (album)

Iron Maiden is the first album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. 
It was released on 11th April 1980. The main musical type of the album is heavy metal but some songs, like "Sanctuary" or "Running Free" are like punk rock music. Some fans feel that a song from this album, "Phantom Of The Opera" is the best song Iron Maiden have ever made.

People who were members of Iron Maiden when the album was made:


Awami League

The Bangladesh Awami League (Bengali: বাংলাদেশ আওয়ামী লীগ; also translated Bangladesh People's League) is the mainstream secular political party in Bangladesh. The party is now headed by Sheikh Hasina, the daughter of the late Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. The Awami League has been in government twice, about eight and a half years, since Bangladesh's independence in 1971.

Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami

Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami (or 'Jamaat' for short) is the largest Islamic political party in Bangladesh. It is also one of the largest Islamic parties in South Asia, the party was formed when Bengal was part of British India.

":See Jamaat-e-Islami Hind"

":See: Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan"

In 1947 East Bengal became part of Pakistan (East Pakistan) - and the Jamaat-e-Islami was divided into separate Indian and Pakistani parties. The Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh originates from the East Pakistani party. The Jamaat were against Bangladesh becoming independent from Pakistan as they thought it was against Islam. However the Jamaat were unable to stop Bangladesh becoming independent of Pakistan.

Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami was banned after independence of Bangladesh. Jamaat was banned in Bangladesh due to its opposite stand against independent Bangladesh during independence war. Jamaat wished to see united Pakistan. After independence of Bangladesh, the top leaders of Jamaat moved to West Pakistan where Jamaat-e-Islami was born. Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the first president of Bangladesh, also cancelled the citizenship of Golam Azam, the leader of Jamaat. Azam then moved to London, and some other leaders moved to the Middle East. However Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was assassinated in 1975 and army chief Ziaur Rahman seized power. Rahman allowed the Jamaat to be a political party again. Rahman also allowed Azam to return to Bangladesh as the leader of Jamaat.

Jatiyo Gano Front

The Jatiyo Gano Front (National People's Front) is a left-wing political group in Bangladesh. The JGF used to be part of the Workers Party of Bangladesh but split from them in 1995. The JGF is led by Tipu Biswas.

Azad Pakistan Party

The Azad Pakistan Party is a left-wing Pakistani party founded by Mian Iftikharuddin. He is an ex-member of the Indian Congress who went on to join the Muslim League that created Pakistan.

Insaf Party

The Insaf Party (Justice Party), was a Muslim political party. It was founded by Syed Shahabuddin in 1989 as a split from the Janata Party - it formed as a protest against the alliance between V.P. Singh and the right wing Bharatiya Janata Party. When the V.P. Singh government fell in 1990, the IP stopped being a party. 

Apna Dal

The Apna Dal is a political party in India. Most of the people who support are from the Kurmi caste. Its main base is in central Uttar Pradesh. Apna Dal is led by Sone Lal Patel.

Ambedkar National Congress

The Ambedkar National Congress is a National Political Party registered on 04/04/2002 and headquartered at Door No:8-3-323, Ambedkar Bhavan, Ameerpet X Roads, Ameerpet, Hyderabad 500073, Telangana India. 

The party works for the rights of Backward Cast, Schedule Cast, Schedule Tribes, Dalits , and Minority communities in bringing equality opportunities to every citizen of India. Mr. Mohammed Kazam Ali Khan is the founder and President of the ANC.

Harold Arthur Deane

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Harold Arthur Deane (1854-1908) was an administrator in British India. Deane served as the first Political Agent of the Malakand in 1895 and also as the first Chief Commissioner of the when the province was created on 9th November 1901.

Pakistani English

Pakistani English is the type of the English Language as it is spoken in Pakistan. It is recognised as one of the official languages of the country.

Although British rule in South Asia lasted for almost two hundred years, the areas that are now Pakistan were some of the last places to be taken over by the British. Punjab (which included the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province) was captured in 1849, Sindh a few years before; while Balochistan was never fully taken over by the British. This meant that English had less time to become part of local culture. However, in 1947, when Pakistan became independent, English (along with Urdu) became Pakistan's official language - this was written into law in 1973.

Pakistani English has many similarities with Indian English, but since Independence there have been some very obvious differences. These include words and phrases not used in India, as well as accents. Foreign companies find accent naturalisation easier in Pakistan than in India. However, like Indian English, Pakistani English has preserved many phrases that are now considered old in Britain.

English is one of Pakistan's official languages. All government documents, military communications, street signs, many shop signs, business contracts and other activities are in English. The language of the courts is also English.
English is taught to all school level Pakistani students, and in many cases English is also the language used to teach the students other subjects. At the college and university level all instruction is in English.
Pakistan has a large English language press and (more recently) media. All of Pakistan's major dailies are published in or have an edition in English. Dawn News is a major English language news channel.

Since English in Pakistan is a well-established and popular, expanding language, people there read and write in it too. Pakistani English literature is increasingly making its mark worldwide. A list of English language writers from Pakistan is given here, listing some of the better known literary figures.

Joanne Woodward

Joanne Gignilliat Trimmier Woodward (born February 27, 1930) is an American actress. She has won an Academy Award, Golden Globe Awards, Emmy Awards and a Cannes award. She is the widow of Paul Newman, who was also an actor. Woodward is also a television and theatrical producer.

Woodward was born in Thomasville, Georgia. Her middle names, "Gignilliat Trimmier", are of Huguenot origin.

She wanted to become an actress because of her mother's love of movies. Her mother named her for Joan Crawford, using the Southern pronunciation of the name – "Joanne". She went to the premiere of "Gone with the Wind" in Atlanta, when she was nine years old. During the parade of stars, she ran over and sat on the lap of Laurence Olivier. He was the romantic partner of a star in the movie, Vivien Leigh. The couple later married.

Woodward lived in Thomasville until she was in the second grade, when her family moved to Marietta, Georgia. They moved once again when she was a junior in high school, after her parents divorced. She graduated from Greenville High School in Greenville, South Carolina in 1947.

Woodward won many beauty contests as a teenager. She appeared in theatrical productions at Greenville High and in Greenville's Little Theatre. She played a major role in "The Glass Menagerie", directed by Robert Hemphill McLane at the Little Theatre. She returned to Greenville in 1976, to play a starring role in another Little Theatre production of "The Glass Menagerie". She had first returned in 1955 for the premiére of her first movie, "Count Three And Pray", at the Paris Theatre on North Main Street. Woodward majored in drama at Louisiana State University. She then moved to New York City to perform on the stage.

In 2007, Woodward was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.


ESPN Integration

ESPN Integration is an agreement between ESPN and Electronic Arts to put various ESPN features in their games. The first game to feature ESPN Integration was "MVP 06 NCAA Baseball". The features that have so far appeared include a streaming ticker at the bottom of the screen with real up to date sports scores, just as it appears on the ESPN channel. This ticker does not just crawl during menus and load screens but also in actual gameplay. Another feature is the ability to listen to sports updates from ESPN Radio, and a third feature is being able to read the top 40 sports stories from ESPN.com. 


The Number of the Beast

The Number of the Beast is the third album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. It was released on 22 March 1982. It was the band's first album that Bruce Dickinson sang for. "The Number of the Beast" made Iron Maiden famous worldwide. The songs in the album have many different subjects, such as war, history and films. The album had two singles: "Run to the Hills" and "The Number of the Beast". The album was number one on the UK Albums music chart. It also went into the top 40 on the "Billboard" 200 chart.

People who were in Iron Maiden when the album was recorded.


Some religious groups in the United States said that the members of Iron Maiden are Satanists and that the album promotes Satanism to listeners. Some people even burned copies of "The Number of the Beast". Bruce Dickinson said it is not true.

Beyoncé Karaoke Hits Vol. I

Beyoncé Karaoke Hits Vol. I is a 2008 karaoke album by Beyoncé.


The Pink Panther (2006 movie)

The Pink Panther is a 2006 American comedy movie. It is an adaptation of the Pink Panther movie series. In this movie, Inspector Jacques Clouseau (Steve Martin) is assigned to solve the murder of a famous soccer coach and the theft of the famous Pink Panther diamond.

This movie also stars Kevin Kline, Beyoncé Knowles, and Jean Reno.

This movie has a sequel, "The Pink Panther 2".



Carmen: A Hip Hopera

Carmen: A Hip Hopera is an 2001 musical movie produced for television by MTV and directed by Robert Townsend. The movie stars Beyoncé Knowles, Mos Def, Rah Digga, Wyclef Jean, Mekhi Phifer, Da Brat, Joy Bryant, Jermaine Dupri and Lil' Bow Wow. It is based upon Georges Bizet's opera, "Carmen", set in Philadelphia and Los Angeles in modern times, and features a mostly original hip-hop/R&B score in place of Bizet's opera.

The movie received mainly negative reviews. To date, it is the second major attempt at an African-American adaptation of the opera, the first being the 1943 Broadway musical "Carmen Jones" and its 1954 Academy Award nominated and box office hit movie adaptation.


Mister Rogers' Neighborhood

Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, or just Mister Rogers, is an American children's television series that was created and hosted by Fred Rogers. "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" was produced by Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA public broadcaster WQED and Rogers' non-profit production company Family Communications, Inc. (named Small World Enterprises until 1971). It is the longest running series on PBS. The show is currently seen in reruns on many PBS stations. An animated spinoff called "Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood" started airing in 2012.

The program starred Fred Rogers, David Newell as Mr. McFeely, Betty Aberlin as Lady Aberlin, Don Brockett as Chef Brockett, François Clemmons as Officer Clemmons, Bob Trow as Bob Dog and Joe Negri as Handyman Negri.


Dorothy Bush Koch

Dorothy Walker Bush Koch, often called "Doro," (born August 18, 1959), is the daughter of the 41st President of the United States George H. W. Bush and former First Lady of the United States Barbara Bush. Her siblings are George W. Bush, the 43rd President, Jeb Bush, former Governor of Florida, Neil Bush, Marvin Bush, and the late Robin Bush, who died of leukemia in 1953.

Albert Rosellini

Albert Dean Rosellini (born January 21, 1910 in Tacoma, Washington; died October 10, 2011 in Seattle, Washington) was a lawyer from the U.S. state of Washington. Rosellini was part of the Democratic Party and was the Governor of Washington (1957–1965) for two terms.

Rosellini died of pneumonia. At the time of his death, he was the oldest living person to have been a governor of a U.S. state, having lived longer than any other State Governor in US history, and was the first Italian American Catholic to become a governor of a state west of the Mississippi River. He was called "Taxellini" by people who did not think he was doing a good job as a governor, while he was called "The Gov." by people who did think he was doing a good job.

Walter Mondale

Walter Frederick "Fritz" Mondale (January 5, 1928 – April 19, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the 42nd vice president of the United States from 1977 to 1981 under Jimmy Carter. Before becoming vice president, he was a United States senator from Minnesota from 1964 to 1976. He was also the attorney general of Minnesota from 1960 to 1964 and the 24th U.S. ambassador to Japan from 1993 to 1996 under Bill Clinton.

Mondale was the Democratic Party nominee for president in 1984. His vice presidential nominee, Geraldine Ferraro, was the first woman to be nominated. He only got a majority of votes in Minnesota and Washington, D.C. He lost to President Ronald Reagan in the other 49 states.

Mondale was the first vice president to have an office. He made the role of pice President more important than it once was, by having weekly meetings with President Carter.

Mondale died on April 19, 2021, in his sleep at his Minneapolis home at the age of 93. The cause of death was natural causes.


Miep Gies

Miep Gies, née Hermine Santrouschitz (born 15 February 1909; died 11 January 2010), was one of the Dutch citizens who hid Anne Frank and her family from the Nazis during World War II. She found and kept Anne's diary after Anne Frank was found and sent away by the Nazis. Although Gies did not read the diary (as she gave it to Otto Frank immediately after recovering it from the annex and thought it would be rude to read), it has become very successful worldwide.

'I stand at the end of the long, long line of good Dutch people who did what I did or more – much more – during those dark and terrible times years ago, but always like yesterday in the hearts of those of us who bear witness. Never a day goes by that I do not think of what happened then.', Miep Gies stated on her own website.

Lists of settlements in England

These two pages comprise the lists of cities and towns in England:

The following are pages that contain the lists of places in each county in England, by county:



List of settlements in Avon

This is a list of settlements in the county of Avon, England, by letter:

Abbots Leigh -
Abson -
Acton Turville -
Aldwick -
Almondsbury -
Alveston -
Arnos Vale -
Ashley Down -
Ashton -
Ashton Gate -
Aust -
Avonmouth

Backwell -
Badminton -
Bannerdown -
Banwell -
Baptist Mills -
Barrow Gurney -
Barrs Court -
Barton -
Barton Hill -
Bath -
Bathampton -
Batheaston -
Bathford -
Bathwick -
Beach -
Bedminster -
Bedminster Down -
Benter -
Binegar -
Bishop Sutton -
Bishopston -
Bishopsworth -
Bitton -
Blagdon -
Bleadon -
Bourton -
Bradley Stoke -
Brentry -
Bridgeyate -
Brislington -
Bristol -
Brockley -
Burrington -
Butcombe

Cameley -
Camerton -
Carlingcott -
Charlcombe -
Charmy Down -
Charterhouse -
Chelvey -
Chelwood -
Chew Magna -
Chew Stoke -
Chewton Keynsham -
Chewton Mendip -
Chilcompton -
Chipping Sodbury -
Chittening -
Churchill -
Clandown -
Clapton -
Clapton in Gordano -
Claverham -
Claverton -
Claverton Down -
Clay Hill -
Cleeve -
Clevedon -
Clifton -
Clifton Wood -
Clutton -
Coalpit Heath -
Codrington -
Coleford -
Combe Down -
Combe Hay -
Compton Dando -
Compton Martin -
Congresbury -
Coombe Dingle -
Corston -
Cotham -
Cowhill

Didmarton -
Dodington -
Downend -
Doynton -
Dundry -
Dunkerton -
Dunkirk -
Durdham Park

Earthcott Green -
East Clevedon -
East Harptree -
East Hewish -
East Rolstone -
Easter Compton -
Eastertown -
Easton -
Easton in Gordano -
Eastville -
Edford -
Edingworth -
Elberton -
Elborough -
Emborough -
Emersons Green -
Englishcombe

Failand -
Farleigh -
Farleigh Hungerford -
Farmborough -
Farrington Gurney -
Faulkland -
Felton -
Filton -
Fishponds -
Flax Bourton -
Foxcote, Somerset\Foxcote -
Frampton Cotterell -
Frenchay -
Freshford

Gaunts Earthcott -
Greenbank -
Grovesend -
Gurney Slade

Hallatrow -
Hallen -
Hambrook -
Hamswell -
Hanham -
Hawkesbury -
Hawkesbury Common -
Hawkesbury Upton -
Haydon -
Hemington -
Henbury -
Henfield -
Hengrove -
Henleaze -
Hewish -
High Littleton -
Hinton Blewett -
Hinton Charterhouse -
Holcombe -
Horfield -
Horton -
Hotwells -
Hunstrete -
Hutton

Inglesbatch -
Inglestone Common -
Ingst -
Iron Acton -
Itchington -
Iwood

Kelston -
Kelston Mills -
Kendleshire -
Kenn -
Kewstoke -
Keynsham -
Kilmersdon -
Kingsdown -
Kingston Bridge -
Kingston Seymour -
Kingswood -
Kington -
Knap -
Knowle

Langford -
Langridge -
Lansdown -
Larkhall -
Laverton -
Lawrence Hill -
Lawrence Weston -
Leigh upon Mendip -
Leigh Woods -
Limpley Stoke -
Little Badminton -
Little Sodbury -
Little Stoke -
Littleton -
Littleton-upon-Severn -
Litton -
Locking -
Long Ashton -
Longwell Green -
Lower Claverham -
Lower Failand -
Lower Hamswell -
Lower Hazel -
Lower Hounsley -
Lower Morton -
Lower Shockerwick -
Lower Vobster -
Lower Weston -
Lulsgate -
Lympsham

Mangotsfield -
Marksbury -
Midford -
Midsomer Norton -
Milton -
Monkton Combe -
Montpelier

Nailsea -
Nailwell -
Nempnett Thrubwell -
New Cheltenham -
Newton -
Newton St Loe -
North End -
North Stoke -
North Widcombe -
Northend -
Northville -
Northwick -
Norton Hawkfield -
Norton Malreward -
Norton St Philip -
Nye

Oakhill -
Old Down -
Old Sodbury -
Oldbury Naite -
Oldbury-on-Severn -
Oldland Common -
Olveston

Patchway -
Paulton -
Peasedown St John -
Pensford -
Petty France -
Pill -
Pilning -
Portbury -
Portishead -
Priston -
Publow -
Pucklechurch -
Pylle Hill

Queen Charlton

Radstock -
Rangeworthy -
Redcliffe -
Redfield -
Redhill -
Redland -
Regil -
Rickford -
Rowberrow -
Rudgeway

Saltford -
Sandford -
Sea Mills -
Severn Beach -
Severn Bridge -
Shipham -
Shirehampton -
Shortwood -
Shoscombe -
Sneyd Park -
Snowhill -
Soundwell -
Southdown -
Southmead -
Southstoke -
Southville -
Speedwell -
St Agnes -
St Andrews -
St Annes -
St Annes Park -
St Augustines -
St Catherine -
St George -
St Georges -
St James -
St Judes -
St Pauls -
St Philips -
St Philips Marsh -
St Werburghs -
Stanton Drew -
Stanton Prior -
Stanton Wick -
Staple Hill -
Stapleton -
Star -
Stockwood -
Stoke Bishop -
Stoke Gifford -
Stoke St Michael -
Ston Easton -
Stoney Littleton -
Stratton-on-the-Fosse -
Swainswick -
Swineford

Tadwick -
Tellisford -
Temple Cloud -
Temple Meads -
Thornbury -
Tickenham -
Timsbury -
Tockington -
Tormarton -
Totterdown -
Tunley -
Twerton -
Tyndalls Park -
Tyntesfield

Upper Shockerwick -
Upper Stanton -
Upper Strode -
Upper Swainswick -
Upper Vobster -
Upton Cheyney

Walton Bay -
Walton in Gordano -
Warleigh -
Warmley -
Way Wick -
Wellow -
West Harptree -
West Hewish -
West Hill -
West Town -
West Wick -
Westbury Park -
Westbury-on-Trym -
Westerleigh -
Weston -
Weston in Gordano -
Weston-super-Mare -
Whitchurch -
Whitehall -
Whiteway -
Wick, Somerset -
Wick St Lawrence -
Widcombe -
Willsbridge -
Wilmington -
Winford -
Winscombe -
Winterbourne -
Winterbourne Down -
Withyditch -
Woollard -
Woolley -
Woolverton -
Worle -
Worlebury -
Wraxall -
Wrington -
Writhlington

Yate -
Yatton

List of settlements in Bedfordshire

The following is a list of all the towns and villages in the county of Bedfordshire, by letter:

"See also List of places within Luton."
Aley Green -
Ampthill -
Arlesey -
Aspley Guise -
Aspley Heath -
Astwick

Barton-le-Clay -
Battlesden -
Beadlow - 
Bedford -
Beeston - 
Begwary -
Biddenham - 
Bidwell -
Biggleswade -
Billington -
Bletsoe - 
Blunham -
Bolnhurst - 
Bourne End -
Briar Bank Park -
Brickhill (Bedford) -
Briggington -
Brogborough - 
Bromham -
Broom -
Budna

Caddington -
Campton -
Cardington -
Carlton -
Castle - 
Cauldwell - 
Chalgrave -
Chalton -
Chawston -
Chellington -
Chicksands -
Chiltern Green -
Clapham -
Clifton -
Clipstone -
Clophill -
Cockayne Hatley -
Colesden -
Colmworth -
Cople -
Cotton End -
Cranfield

Dean -
De Parys -
Dunstable -
Dunton

East Hyde -
Eastcotts -
Eaton Bray -
Edworth -
Eggington -
Elstow -
Eversholt -
Everton -
Eyeworth

Farndish -
Felmersham and Radwell -
Flitton -
Flitwick

Goldington -
Gravenhurst -
Great Barford -
Great Billington -
Great Denham -
Greenfield

Harlington -
Harpur -
Harrold -
Harrowden -
Hatch -
Haynes -
Heath and Reach -
Henlow -
Henlow Camp -
Higham Gobion -
Hinwick -
Hockliffe -
Hockwell Ring -
Holwell -
Honeydon -
Houghton Conquest -
Houghton Regis -
Hulcote -
Hundred of Willey -
Husbourne Crawley -
Hyde

Ickwell -
Ickwell Green -
Ireland

Kempston -
Kempston Hardwick -
Kensworth -
Keysoe -
Kingsbrook -
Knotting

Langford -
Leagrave -
Leedon -
Leighton Buzzard -
Lidlington -
Limbury Cum Biscuit -
Linslade -
Little Barford -
Little Billington -
Little Staughton -
Lower Caldecote -
Lower Gravenhurst -
Lower Stondon -
Lower Sundon -
Lower Woodside -
Luton

Marston Moretaine -
Maulden -
Melchbourne -
Meppershall -
Millbrook -
Milton Bryan -
Milton Ernest -
Moggerhanger

Newnham -
Northill

Oakley -
Odell -
Old Warden

Pavenham -
Pepperstock -
Pertenhall -
Pine View Park -
Podington -
Potsgrove -
Potton -
Pulloxhill -
Putnoe

Queens Park

Radwell -
Ravensden -
Renhold -
Ridgmont -
Riseley -
Roxton

Salford -
Sandy -
Seddington -
Sewell -
Sharnbrook -
Sharpenhoe -
Shefford -
Shefford Hardwick -
Shelton -
Shillington -
Shortstown -
Silsoe -
Skimpot -
Slip End -
Souldrop -
Southcote -
Southill -
Stagsden -
Stanbridge -
Stanford -
Steppingley -
Stevington -
Stewartby -
Stopsley -
Stotfold -
Streatley -
Studham -
Sundon -
Sutton -
Swineshead

Tebworth -
Tempsford -
The Hyde -
Thorn -
Thurleigh -
Tilsworth -
Tingrith -
Toddington -
Totternhoe -
Turvey

Upper Caldecote -
Upper Gravenhurst -
Upper Stondon -
Upper Sundon

Westoning -
Wharley End -
Whipsnade -
Wilden -
Willington -
Wilshamstead -
Wilstead -
Wingfield -
Woburn -
Wood End -
Woodside -
Wootton -
Wrestlingworth -
Wyboston -
Wymington

Yielden

List of settlements in Berkshire

This is a list of places in the county of Berkshire, in England, by letter:

Aldermaston - 
Aldermaston Wharf - 
Aldworth - 
Arborfield - 
Arborfield and Newland - 
Arborfield Cross - 
Arborfield Garrison - 
Ascot, Berkshire - 
Ashampstead - 
Ashampstead Common - 
Ashford Hill - 
Ashmansworth - 
Ashmore Green - 
Aston, Berkshire - 
Avington

Bagnor - 
Ball Hill - 
Barkham - 
Basildon, Berkshire - 
Beansheaf Farm - 
Beech Hill - 
Beedon - 
Beedon Common - 
Beenham - 
Benham Hill - 
Benham Valence - 
Billingbear - 
Binfield - 
Birch Hill - 
Bisham - 
Bloomfield Hatch - 
Boveney - 
Boxford, Berkshire - 
Boyn Hill - 
Bracknell - 
Bracknell Forest - 
Bradfield, Berkshire - 
Bray Wick - 
Bray, Berkshire - 
Brightwalton - 
Brightwalton Green - 
Brimpton - 
Brimpton Common - 
Britwell - 
Broadmoor - 
Brock Hill - 
Brookside, Berkshire - 
Bucklebury - 
Bullbrook - 
Bulmershe Court - 
Burchett's Green - 
Burchetts Green - 
Burghclere - 
Burghfield - 
Burghfield Bridge - 
Burghfield Common - 
Burghfield Hill - 
Burghfield Lock - 
Burleigh, Berkshire - 
Burnt Hill

Calcot, Berkshire - 
Caleys - 
California, Berkshire - 
Catmore - 
Caversham Heights - 
Caversham Park - 
Caversham, Berkshire - 
Chaddleworth - 
Chalvey - 
Chapel Row - 
Charvil - 
Chavey Down - 
Chazey Heath - 
Cheapside, Berkshire - 
Checkendon - 
Chieveley - 
Chilton - 
Chilton Foliat - 
Cholsey - 
Cippenham - 
Clewer - 
Cockpole Green - 
Cold Ash - 
Cold Ash, Berkshire - 
Coley Park - 
Coley, Berkshire - 
College Town - 
College Town, Berkshire - 
Colnbrook - 
Colthrop - 
Combe, Berkshire - 
Compton, Berkshire - 
Cookham - 
Cookham Dean - 
Cox Green, Berkshire - 
Cranbourne, Berkshire - 
Crazies Hill - 
Crockham Heath - 
Crookham Common - 
Crookham, Berkshire - 
Crosfields School - 
Crown Wood - 
Crowthorne - 
Crux Easton - 
Curridge

Datchet - 
Dedworth - 
Denford Park - 
Donnington, Berkshire - 
Dorney - 
Downend, Berkshire - 
Dunsden

Earley - 
East End - 
East Garston - 
East Ilsley - 
East Shefford - 
East Woodhay - 
Eastbury, Berkshire - 
Easthampstead - 
Easthampstead Park - 
Easton - 
Ecchinswell - 
Eddington - 
Elcot - 
Eling Hermitage - 
Emmbrook, Berkshire - 
Emmer Green - 
Enborne - 
Enborne Row - 
Englefield, Berkshire - 
Eton College - 
Eton Wick - 
Eton, Berkshire

Farley Hill, Berkshire - 
Farley Wood - 
Farnborough, Berkshire - 
Farnham Common - 
Farnham Royal - 
Fawley, Berkshire - 
Fifield, Berkshire - 
Finchampstead - 
Fords Farm - 
Foxhill House - 
Frilsham - 
Fulmer

Gallowstree Common - 
Gardeners Green - 
George Green - 
Goddard's Green, Berkshire - 
Goring - 
Goring Heath - 
Grazeley - 
Grazeley Green - 
Great Shefford - 
Greenham

Halfway, Berkshire - 
Hampstead Norreys - 
Hamstead Marshall - 
Hanworth, Bracknell - 
Hare Hatch - 
Harmans Water - 
Harris Garden - 
Hawthorn Hill, Berkshire - 
Hayley Green - 
Headley - 
Heads Hill - 
Heath End - 
Hedgerley - 
Hell Corner - 
Henwick - 
Hermitage, Berkshire - 
Highclere - 
Hoe Benham - 
Holme Green - 
Holybrook - 
Holyport - 
Home Park, Bracknell - 
Honey Bottom - 
Horncastle, Berkshire - 
Horton, Berkshire - 
Hungerford - 
Hungerford Newtown - 
Hungerford Park - 
Hunts Green - 
Hurley, Berkshire - 
Hurst, Berkshire - 
Hyde End, Berkshire

Inkpen -
Inkpen Common

Jealott's Hill

Kidmore End - 
Kiln Green - 
Kintbury - 
Kintbury Holt - 
Knowl Hill - 
Knowl Hill, Berkshire

Lambourn - 
Lambourn Woodlands - 
Lambrook Haileybury - 
Lands End - 
Langley, Slough - 
Lawrence Hill, Bracknell Forest - 
Leckhampstead Thicket - 
Leckhampstead, Berkshire - 
Leverton - 
Leverton (Hungerford) - 
Little Heath, Berkshire - 
Little Sandhurst - 
Littlecote - 
Littlewick Green - 
Lower Basildon - 
Lower Denford - 
Lower Earley - 
Lower Padworth

Maidenhead - 
Maidens Green - 
Marlston Hermitage - 
Marsh Benham - 
Martins Heron - 
Midgham - 
Midgham Green - 
Mortimer Common - 
Mortimer West End - 
Mortimer, Berkshire - 
Moss End - 
Moulsford

Newbury, Berkshire - 
Newell Green - 
Newtown - 
North Ascot - 
North End - 
North Standen - 
Nuptown

Oakley Green - 
Oare, Berkshire - 
Odney - 
Old Burghclere - 
Old Windsor - 
Owlsmoor - 
Ownham

Padworth - 
Padworth Common - 
Paley Street - 
Pangbourne - 
Peasemore - 
Pingewood - 
Pinkneys Green - 
Playhatch - 
Popeswood - 
Poyle - 
Priestwood - 
Purley-on-Thames

Quelm Park

Radley - 
Ravenswood, Berkshire - 
Reading, Berkshire - 
Remenham - 
Riseley, Berkshire - 
Ruscombe - 
Ryeish Green

Salters Steamers - 
Sandford - 
Sandhurst - 
Shaw-cum-Donnington - 
Shaw, Berkshire - 
Sheffield Bottom - 
Shefford Woodlands - 
Shinfield - 
Shottesbrooke - 
Shurlock Row - 
Silchester - 
Sindlesham - 
Slough - 
Snelsmore - 
Snelsmore Common - 
Sonning - 
Sonning Common - 
Sonning Eye - 
South Ascot - 
South Fawley - 
South Stoke - 
Southcote, Berkshire - 
Southend, Berkshire - 
Speen, Berkshire - 
Speenhamland - 
Spencers Wood - 
Stanford Dingley - 
Stanmore - 
Stanmore, Berkshire - 
Stockcross - 
Stoke Poges - 
Stratfield Mortimer - 
Stratfield Saye - 
Streatley, Berkshire - 
Stubbings - 
Sulham - 
Sulhamstead - 
Sulhamstead Abbots - 
Sunningdale - 
Sunninghill, Berkshire - 
Swallowfield - 
Swinley Forest - 
Taplow - 
Temple Park - 
Thatcham - 
The Warren, Bracknell Forest - 
Theale, Berkshire - 
Three Mile Cross - 
Tidmarsh - 
Tidmarsh with Sulham - 
Tilehurst - 
Touchen End - 
Tutts Clump - 
Twyford, Berkshire

Ufton Green - 
Ufton Nervet - 
Upper Basildon - 
Upper Bucklebury - 
Upper Culham - 
Upper Denford - 
Upper Eddington - 
Upper Lambourn - 
Upper Woolhampton - 
Upton, Slough

Walbury Hill - 
Waltham St Lawrence - 
Waltham St. Lawrence - 
Warfield - 
Warfield Park - 
Wargrave - 
Warren Row - 
Wash Common - 
Wash Water - 
Wasing - 
Water Oakley - 
Welford Park - 
Welford, Berkshire - 
West Ilsley - 
West Woodhay - 
Westbrook - 
Weston, Berkshire - 
Wexham - 
Whistley Green - 
White Waltham - 
Whitegrove - 
Whitley Wood - 
Whitley, Berkshire - 
Wick Hill, Bracknell - 
Wickham Heath - 
Wickham, Berkshire - 
Wildridings - 
Windsor, Berkshire - 
Winkfield - 
Winkfield Row - 
Winkfield Street - 
Winnersh - 
Winterbourne, Berkshire - 
Wokefield - 
Wokefield Green - 
Wokefield Park - 
Wokingham - 
Wokingham Without - 
Woodcote - 
Wooden Hill - 
Woodlands St Mary - 
Woodley - 
Woodside, Berkshire - 
Woodspeen - 
Woolhampton - 
Woosehill - 
World's End, Berkshire - 
Wraysbury

Yattendon

Maidenhead (disambiguation)

Maidenhead can be:




Windsor

Windsor can be any of the following:











List of settlements in Buckinghamshire

The following is a list of places in the county of Buckinghamshire, in England, by letter:

Addingrove, Addington, Adstock, Akeley, Alscot, Amersham, Ascott, Ashendon, Asheridge, Ashley Green, Askett, Aston Abbotts, Aston Clinton, Aston Mullins, Aston Sandford, Astwood, Aylesbury

Baker's Wood, Ballinger, Ballinger Bottom, Barley End, Barton Hartshorn, Beachampton, Beacon Hill, Beacon's Bottom, Beaconsfield, Beamond End, Bedgrove, Bellingdon, Bennett End, Berghers Hill, Bernwood Forest, Biddlesden, Bierton, Bishopstone,Black Park, Bledlow, Bledlow Ridge, Boarstall, Boarstall Duck Decoy, Bockmer End, Booker, Botley, Botolph Claydon, Bourne End, Bourton, Bovingdon Green, Boycott, Bradenham, Brill, Broughton near Aylesbury, Broughton Crossing, Broughton, Milton Keynes, Buckingham, Buckland, Buckland Common, Bulstrode Park, Burcott near Bierton, Burcott near Wing, Burnham, Burston, Butlers Cross

Cadmore, Cadsden, Caldicot, California, Calvert, Calverton, Chackmore, Chalfont Common, Chalfont St Giles, Chalfont St Peter, Chalkshire, Charndon, Chartridge, Chearsley, Cheddington, Chenies,Chepping Wycombe, Chesham, Chesham Bois, Chess Valley, Chetwode, Chiltern scarp, Chilton, Chivery, Cholesbury, Clifton Reynes, Cold Brayfield, Coldmoorholme, Coleshill, Cooks Wharf, Coombe, Coombe Hill, Cores End, Crafton, Creslow, Cryers Hill, Cublington, Cuddington

Dadford, Dagnall, Denham, Dinton, Dorney, Dorton, Downley, Drayton Beauchamp, Drayton Parslow, Dunsmore, Dunton

Easington, East Claydon, Edgcott, Edlesborough, Egypt, Ellesborough, Elmhurst, Emberton Country Park, Eythrope

Fairford Leys, Farnham Common, Farnham Royal, Fawley, Fawley Bottom, Fern, Filgrave, Fingest, Flackwell Heath, Fleet Marston, Ford, Forty Green, Foscot, Four Ashes, Frieth, Fulbrook, Fulmer

Gawcott, Gayhurst, George Green, Gerrards Cross, Gibraltar, Granborough, Great Brickhill, Great Hampden, Great Horwood, Great Kimble, Great Kingshill, Great Marlow, Great Missenden, Green Hailey, Grendon Underwood, Grove

Haddenham, Halton, Halton Camp, Hambleden, Hampden Row, Handy Cross, Hardmead, Hardwick, Hartwell, Haversham, Hawridge, Haydon Hill, Hazlemere, Heath End, Hedgerley, Hedsor, High Wycombe, Hillesden, Hitcham, Hoggeston, Hogshaw, Holmer Green, Honeyburge, Horsenden, Horton near Ivinghoe, Hughenden, Hughenden Valley, Hulcott, Hundridge, Hyde End, Hyde Heath

Ibstone, Ickford, Ilmer, Iver, Iver Heath, Ivinghoe, Ivinghoe Aston, Ivinghoe Beacon

Jordans

Kents Hill, Monkston and Brinklow, Kimble Wick, Great Kimble, Little Kimble Kingsey, Kingswood, Knotty Green

Lacey Green, Lamport, Lane End, Latimer, Lavendon, Leckhampstead, Ledborough, Ledburn, Lenborough, The Lee, Lee Clump, Ley Hill, Lillingstone Dayrell, Lillingstone Lovell, Little Britain, Little Chalfont, Little Hampden, Little Horwood, Little Kimble, Little Kingshill, Little London near Brill, Little London near Oakley, Little London near Wendover, Little Marlow, Little Meadle, Little Missenden, Littleworth, Long Crendon, Long Street, Longwick, Loosley Row, Loudwater, Lower Bacombe, Lower Cadsden, Lower Pollicott, Lower Weald, Lower Winchendon, Ludgershall, Luffield Abbey, Lye Green

Maids Moreton, Marlow, Marlow Bottom, Marsh, Marsh Gibbon, Marsworth, Meadle, Medmenham, Mentmore, Middle Claydon, Middlegreen, Middleton, Middle Weald, Mill End, Mop End, Monks Risborough, Moulsoe, Mursley

Naphill, Nash, Nash Lee, Nether Winchendon, New Zealand, Newton Blossomville, Newton Longville, North Lee, North Marston, Northall

Oakley, Orchard Leigh, Oving, Owlswick

Padbury, Pednor, Parmoor, Pednor, Penn, Penn Street, Petsoe End, Piddington, Pitchcott, Pitstone, Pond Park, Poundon, Preston Bissett, Prestwood, Princes Risborough

Quainton, Quarrendon (estate), Quarrendon (village), Queens Park

Radclive, Radnage, Ringshall, Rowsham

St Leonards, Saunderton, Sedrup, Seer Green, Shabbington, Shalstone, Sheepridge, Sherington, Shipton Lee, Shredding Green, Shipton Brook, Singleborough, Skittle Green, Slapton, Soulbury, Southcourt, Southend, Speen, Spurlands End, Steeple Claydon, Stewkley, Stoke Goldington, Stoke Hammond, Stoke Mandeville, Stoke Poges, Stokenchurch, Stone, Stowe, Swanbourne

Taplow, Tathall End, Terrick, Thornborough, Thorney, Thornton, Tingewick, Turnfurlong, Turville, Turweston, Twyford, Tylers Green, Tyler's Hill

Upper Bacombe, Upper Cadsden, Upper Pollicott, Upper Weald, Upper Winchendon, Upton

Verney Junction

Waddesdon, Waldridge, Walters Ash, Walton, Walton Court, Water Stratford, Watermead, Waterside, Weedon, Well End, Wendover, West Wycombe, Westbury, Westcott, Westlington, Weston Turville, Wexham, Whaddon, Whelpley Hill, Wheeler End, Whelpley Hill, Whitchurch, Whiteleaf, Widmer End, Widmoor, Winchbottom, Winchmore Hill, Wing, Wingrave, Winslow, Wooburn, Wooburn Green, Woodham, World's End, Worminghall, Wormstone, Wotton Underwood

Gumby

Gumby is a dark green clay figure. He was in 233 episodes on American television series. He was also in a feature-length movie and other media. He has become well known as an example of stop motion clay animation. He has become a cultural icon. There have been many tributes and parodies, including a video game and toys. Gumby Adventures aired on PBS Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network and Galavision

Gumby was started by Art Clokey in 1953. The first 'episode' was a 3-minute short called "Gumbasia". It showed moving lumps of clay set to music, and parodied "Fantasia". In 1955, Art showed Gumbasia to movie producer Sam Engel, who then paid him for a 15-minute movie called "Gumby Goes to the Moon". 

Gumby was given his own NBC series in 1957. Female actress' voiced Gumby. New episodes were added in 1962, and Dallas McKennon became the voice of Gumby.

Gumby's main sidekick is Pokey, a talking orange pony. His enemies are the Blockheads. They are a pair of human-like, red-colored figures with block-shaped heads. The Blockheads were inspired by the Katzenjammer Kids, who were always getting into scrapes and causing discomfort to others. Other characters are Gumby's dog Nopey. All he says is "nope". There is also Prickle, a yellow dinosaur who sometimes acts like a detective with pipe and hat like Sherlock Holmes. Also on the series are Goo, a flying blue mermaid who spits blue goo balls and can change shape at will; Gumby's mother Gumba and father Gumbo. The later series in 1988 added Gumby's sister Minga and mastodon friend Denali.




"The Adventures of Gumby" had 22 bonus episodes and 16 episodes with commentary.




Gumby Bumpers in 2 minutes is released in January 4, 1980 starring Gumby, Pokey and cameo appearance of Blue Mermaid Goo.

Was released on February 13, 1982. It is 6 minutes long.

In 1967 version, an episode of Gumby Train Trouble is released in January 7, 1967 starring Gumby and first appearance of Nopey. This episode in 1967 is the version of 1958.


Hubble Ultra-Deep Field

The Hubble Ultra Deep Field, or HUDF, is an image of a small part of space in the direction of the constellation Fornax. 

It took more than 3 months to capture this image, from September 24, 2003 to January 16, 2004. It is the furthest image of the universe ever taken by humans. In it we see the universe as it was 13 billion years ago, when it was about 800 million years old.

The HUDF contains an about 10,000 galaxies. The patch of sky where the galaxies are was chosen because it has few bright stars in the near-field. Although most of the targets visible in the Hubble image can also be seen at infrared wavelengths by ground-based telescopes, Hubble is the only instrument which can make observations of these distant targets at visible wavelengths. 

Southwest of Orion in the Southern-Hemisphere constellation Fornax at right ascension 3h 32m 40.0s, declination -27° 47' 29" (J2000), the image covers 36.7 square arcminutes. This is smaller than a square of paper held away, and equal to roughly one thirteen-millionth of the total area of the sky. The image is such that the upper left corner points toward north (-46.4°) on the celestial sphere. The star near the center of the field is USNO-A2.0 0600-01400432 with apparent magnitude of 18.95.

In total, the image required 800 exposures taken over the course of 400 Hubble orbits around Earth. The total amount of exposure time was 11.3 days for the ACS and 4.5 days for the NICMOS.

On September 25, 2012, NASA released a more refined version of the Ultra-Deep Field called the eXtreme Deep Field (XDF). The XDF reveals galaxies that span back 13.2 billion years in time, revealing a galaxy theorized to be formed only 450 million years after the big bang event. On June 3, 2014, NASA released the Hubble Ultra-Deep Field image composed of, for the first time, the full range of ultraviolet to near-infrared light.

On January 23, 2019, the Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias released an even deeper version of the infrared images of the Hubble Ultra Deep Field obtained with the WFC3 instrument, named the ABYSS Hubble Ultra Deep Field. The new images improve the previous reduction of the WFC3/IR images, including careful sky background subtraction around the largest galaxies on the field of view. After this update, some galaxies were found to be almost twice as big as previously measured.


Konstantin Tsiolkovsky

Konstantin Eduardovich Tsiolkovsky (;
19 September 1935) was a Russian who pioneered spaceflight. His works later inspired Soviet rocket engineers such as Sergei Korolev and Valentin Glushko.

Konstantin Tsiolkovsky was born on at Izhevskoye, Ryazan Governorate, Russian Empire.

When he was 10, he had scarlet fever; because of that he had some problems with hearing. When he was 13, his mother died.

Due to the hearing problems, he was not admitted to the school, so he had to study by himself. He passed much of his time by reading books. Later, he became interested in mathematics and physics. As a teenager, he began to believe that space travel would possible.

Tsiolkovsky spent three years attending a Moscow library, where Russian cosmism proponent (who supports the library) Nikolai Fyodorov worked. He later believed that living in space would make the human race immortal.


Brisbane Broncos

The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Brisbane, Queensland. They were founded in 1987. They currently play in the National Rugby League competition. They have won six premierships, most recently in 2006.

Kuril Islands dispute

The Kuril Islands dispute is a territorial disagreeent between Japan and Russia over the Kuril Islands. The Japanese government is asking for the restoration of Etorofu island, Habomai islands, Kunashiri island, and the Shikotan island which are under the control of Russia since 1945, after Japan lost World War Two. 


Okinotorishima

Okinotorishima is one of the Pacific Ocean islands known as Ogasawara, Tokyo.

Japan claims the waters around the island as an Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ); but this is disputed by China.

The Japanese government identifies Okinotori as Japan's southernmost island. It is 1,700 kilometres south of central Tokyo.

Okinotori is at a militarily strategic point. It is midway between Taiwan and Guam.

Yahatanishi-ku, Kitakyūshū

Yahata Nishi-ku is one of the wards in Kitakyūshū. It is the most populous of seven wards in Kitakyūshū. The ward has about 200,000 people living in it.

Wards of Japan

In Japan, a ward (Japanese: 区, Ku) is one of the divisions of a large city. 



Dreamgirls

Dreamgirls is a musical. Tom Eyen wrote the book and lyrics. Henry Krieger wrote the music. The musical was loosely based upon The Supremes, The Shirelles, and other all-girl groups. 

The musical premiered on Broadway at the Imperial Theatre on 20 December 1981. It closed on 11 August 1985 after 1,521 performances. It was released as a feature-length movie in 2006.

Cities designated by government ordinance of Japan

, also known as a or , is a defined class or category of Japanese cities. It is a local administrative division created by the national government. These cities all have a population over 500,000 people. 

The designated cites or ordinance cities were created because of the Local Autonomy Law of Japan. Each city does many of the things normally done by prefectures.

Cities designated by government ordinance recognized starting in 1956. There are 20+ of these cities, including




Robbery

A robbery is the act of stealing from a person using violence or by causing fear of violence. A person who commits robbery is known as a robber.

A person who steals without using violence or fear (such as stealing items from a store, or pickpocketing, or car theft), commits theft, not robbery.

In some US states, however, Simple Robbery refers to the knowing procurement of an item or items belonging to another by force but without “aggravating factors” such as violence or weapons.



United States Atomic Energy Commission

The United States Atomic Energy Commission was an agency of the United States government, started after World War II by the United States Congress. It was made to help the development of atomic science and technology. This was because the control of atomic energy was transferred from the military to the people after president Harry S. Truman signed the McMahon/Atomic Energy Act in 1946. Congress then declared that atomic energy should be used for peace, not nuclear war.


History of Vilnius

Vilnius is the capital of Lithuania.

Historians tend to identify the city with Voruta, a legendary capital of Mindaugas who was crowned in 1253 as King of Lithuania. The city was first mentioned in written sources in 1323, in letters of Grand Duke Gediminas that were sent to German cities and invited Germans and members of the Jewish community to settle in the capital city. In 1387, the city was granted city rights by Jogaila, one of Gediminas' successors.

Between 1503 and 1522 the walls were built to protect the city, and at the time it had nine city gates and three towers. Vilnius reached the peak of its development under the reign of Sigismund August, who moved his court there in 1544. In the following centuries, Vilnius became a constantly growing and developing city. This growth was due in part to the establishment of Almae Academia et Universitas Vilnensis Societatis Jesu by the King Stephen Bathory in 1579. The university soon developed into one of the most important scientific and cultural centres of the region and the most notable scientific centre of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Political, economic, and social activities were in full swing in the town. In 1769, the Rasos Cemetery, one of the oldest surviving cemeteries in the city, was founded. During its rapid development, the city was open to migrants from both abroad and far reaches of territories of Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Each group made its unique contribution to the life of the city, and crafts, trade and science prospered. During the Russo-Polish War (1654–1667), Vilnius was occupied by Russia for several years. The city was pillaged and burned, and its population was massacred. The city's growth lost its momentum for many years, but the population rebounded, and by the beginning of the 19th century city's population reached 20,000, making the city one of the largest in Northern Europe.
After the Third Partition of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in 15 April 1795, Vilnius was annexed by Russian Empire and became the capital of a Vilna Governorate. During the Russian occupation the city walls were destroyed, and by 1805, only the Dawn Gate remained. In 1812, the city was seized by Napoleon on his push towards Moscow. Following the November Uprising in 1831, Vilnius University was closed and Russian repressions damaged the development of the city. During the January Uprising in 1863 heavy fighting occurred within the city, but was brutally pacified by Mikhail Muravyov, by the population because of the number of executions he organized. After the uprising, all civil liberties were withdrawn, and use of the Polish and Lithuanian languages was banned. in early 20th century Lithuanian speaking population constituted only a small minority then, with Polish, Yiddish, and Russian speakers being most of the population of the city. 
During World War I, Vilnius – as with the rest of Lithuania – was occupied by the German Empire from 1915 until 1918. The "Act of Independence of Lithuania", that restored Lithuanian independence from any affiliation to any other nation was proclaimed in the city on February 16 1918. After the withdrawal of German forces, Lithuanian forces were forced to retreat by advancing Russian occupation forces. Vilnius changed hands many times: for a while it was controlled by Polish self-defence units, who didn't want the city to be occupied by Russian-Bolshevik forces. Then the Polish Army regained control, then Soviet forces again. Shortly after its defeat in the Battle of Warsaw (1920), the retreating Red Army ceded the city back to Lithuania by signing a peace treaty on July 12, 1920. On October 9 of the same year, the Polish Army under General Lucjan Żeligowski broke the treaty and seized Vilnius after a staged coup. The city and its surroundings were proclaimed as the separate state of Central Lithuania. On February 20 1922 after an elections, the whole area was attached to Poland, with the city as the capital of the Wilno Voivodship (Wilno being the name of Vilnius in Polish). The predominant languages of the city were still Polish and, to a lesser extent, Yiddish.

Carl Reiner

Carl Reiner (March 20, 1922 – April 12, 2022) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, producer, writer, voice artist, and comedian. He won nine Emmy Awards and one Grammy Award during his career. Reiner's most significant voice role is Sarmoti from "Father of the Pride".

Reiner was born in the Bronx, New York on March 20, 1922, the son of Irving, who was a watchmaker, and Bessie (née Mathias) Reiner. His parents were Jewish immigrants, his father from Romania and his mother from Austria.

Reiner self-identified as a Jewish atheist.

He was married to Estelle Reiner (née Lebost, 1914-2008). They had three children together: actor-director Rob Reiner (born 1947), writer Annie Reiner (born 1957) and actor-director Lucas Reiner (born 1960).

Reiner died on April 12, 2022 of natural causes at his home in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 100.








Your Show of Shows

Your Show of Shows was a 90-minute long comedy television series appearing weekly in the United States on NBC, from 1950 until June 5, 1954. The main people of the show were Sid Caesar and Imogene Coca. Other people who appeared were Carl Reiner, Howard Morris, Nanette Fabray, Bill Hayes, Judy Johnson, The Hamilton Trio and the soprano Marguerite Piazza. José Ferrer also appeared on the show sometimes, as a guest.

Writers for the show included Mel Brooks, Neil Simon, Danny Simon, Larry Gelbart, Mel Tolkin, and Carl Reiner who, though a cast member, always sat in with the writers. Although it is not true, some people think that Woody Allen wrote for "Your Show of Shows". He did, however, write for "Caesar's Hour", which ran from 1954 to 1957.


Donnie Darko

Donnie Darko is a 2001 American psychological supernatural drama thriller movie. It was written and directed by Richard Kelly. It is set in Middlesex, Virginia in 1988.

The movie did not earn much money when it was first shown in theaters, but it became much more popular when it came out on DVD.

A sequel, called "S. Darko", was released in 2009.



Richard Widmark

Richard Widmark (December 26, 1914 – March 24, 2008) was an American actor of movies, stage, radio and television. He is best known for his role as Tommy Udo in his first movie, "Kiss of Death". Characters played by Widmark were often tough.



Virgin Atlantic Airways

Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd. (known as Virgin Atlantic) is an airline that is based in the United Kingdom. Virgin Atlantic is owned by 2 companies, Virgin Group and Delta Air Lines. Virgin Atlantic goes from its main hubs at London Heathrow Airport and London Gatwick Airport to many places like the USA, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and Australia. More than 75% of Virgin Atlantic's flights go/come to London Heathrow Airport. The rest mostly fly from London Gatwick Airport, Manchester Airport or Glasgow Airport. Virgin flies to 31 cities. These are either in Africa, Asia, Europe, the United States or the Caribbean. 

It was founded by British businessman Sir Richard Branson in the 1980s.
Virgin Atlantic has partners. Here is a list of them:

Virgin Atlantic owns 10 Airbus A330 11 Airbus A340 planes, 10 Boeing 747-400 planes and 5 Boeing 787 planes. It also has an order for 6 Airbus A380 planes but were later cancelled and replaced by an order for 12 Airbus A350-1000 planes, another order is for 8 Boeing 787 planes.

Virgin Atlantic used to have some other aircraft too. It used to own 5 Airbus A320s, 3 Airbus A321s, 1 Boeing 747-100, 22 Boeing 747-200s and 4 Vickers Viscounts. Virgin Atlantic's first plane was a Boeing 747-200. 

Virgin Atlantic uses three different classes on their planes: Economy, Premium Economy and Upper Class. 

Economy class is the standard class on Virgin Atlantic aircraft. It is the cheapest part of the plane to travel in. Passengers usually get a free meal, some drinks and a bag with gifts in like a toothbrush. The seats in this class have a maximum pitch of 31 in, but this depends on what plane the passenger goes in.

Passengers that use Premium Economy have their own check-in area. They get to get on the plane before Economy passengers and a drink before the flight. They get a better seat and a special cabin crew. The seat it wider and more distance from the seat in front of it.

In November 2006, Virgin made a new seat. It is wider than the old one and has a plug for laptops. It is being put on all planes and now, all Airbus A340s and all Boeing 747s that fly from London Heathrow Airport have the new seats.

Upper Class is the name for Virgin Atlantic's business class. They do not have a first class service. Virgin says the seats are the biggest lie flat beds on any business class (it is 202 cm long and 84 cm wide), but Air Canada and Singapore Airlines have said this too. The seats have plugs for laptops and iPods.
Upper Class passengers can also have their own chauffeur, drive-thru check-in, their own security points at some airports, access to the Virgin Clubhouse (a special VIP area, with a bar and seats), a larger menu for in-flight meals and a bar that passengers can stand up or sit down at in flight.

All the seats on all the aircraft have screens in the back of the seats to provide entertainment for passengers. Most planes have a newer system where the passengers can choose what they want to watch called V:Port. Older systems called "Odyssey" and "Super Nova" just offer different channels for the passengers to pick from. The screens on the older systems are also smaller. Virgin was among the first airlines to have games on its personal screens. 



Paramedic

A paramedic is a health care professional who works for Emergency Medical Services (EMS),usually on an Ambulance. They help people who have been injured or become ill very suddenly.

Paramedics can do many different things to decide what the problem is and to treat the patient at the scene. If it is needed, they then take the person to a hospital in the ambulance. They try to prevent the person's illness from getting worse before they reach the hospital, where doctors and nurses will take over care. Paramedics have to work in many different types of emergency situations, and cannot predict what the next one will be.

People often use the term "paramedic" for anyone who works on an ambulance. However, not all ambulances have paramedic on board. "Emergency Medical Technicians" (EMTs) or "Emergency Care Assistants" (ECAs) do similar work but have less training. Some ambulances also have doctors and nurses. In many countries, the title of "paramedic" is for those who have taken a specific training course.



Artemis Fowl (novel)

Artemis Fowl is a book written by Eoin Colfer. It is the first book in the "Artemis Fowl" series. One of the main characters is Artemis Fowl II, trying to get gold from a group of fairies.

Some of the main characters are:


Artemis kidnaps Holly to try and get gold from the fairies. He succeeds because she does not have any magic as she has used it all. The fairies then put a time stop on Artemis' manor, to control the time for eight hours so they can get Holly back. As the negotiations fail, the fairies attack, but Artemis and Butler beat the fairies. The fairies send in Mulch, who discovers the reason Artemis knows about the fairies. They then send in a troll, which very nearly kills Butler and severely injures Holly. Luckily, Holly has got her magic back, so she can heal them both. After the troll episode, the fairies finally decide to give Artemis the gold, planning to kill him later so they can take the gold back. Artemis however escapes the time stop. At the end of the book, Artemis has given half the gold back so Holly heals his mother Angeline, who was sick.

The book received a good review by reviewers. A movie adaptation was released on Disney+ on June 12, 2020.

Anaconda

The Anaconda or green anaconda ("Eunectes murinus") is one of the largest snakes in the world.

It is a non-venomous boa species from South America. It is the thickest, heaviest, and second longest known living snake (behind the reticulated python). The term "anaconda" usually means this species.

The anaconda is also called the water boa. It lives in swampy areas of tropical South America. The snake spends a lot of time in shallow water. This hides it from unsuspecting prey. Anacondas give birth to live young. Twenty to forty baby snakes are born at one time. The largest specimens measured long and weighed 

All snakes are carnivores (meat-eaters). Anaconda eat 4 to 5 times each year. This is because it takes them 3 to 4 months to digest their food. Anacondas normally hunt at night. Anacondas kill by constricting (squeezing) the prey until it can no longer breathe. They may also drown their prey. Like all snakes, they swallow the prey whole. They swallow it head first. The anaconda's top and bottom jaws are attached to each other with stretchy ligaments/b This lets let the snake swallow animals wider than itself. Snakes do not chew their food. They digest it with strong acids in their stomach. Anacondas eat pigs, deer, caiman (a type of crocodilia), birds, fish, rodents (like the capybara and agouti) and other animals. After eating a large animal, the anaconda does not needs food for a long time/ It will rest for weeks after eating. The young (called neonates) can care for themselves soon after birth. This includes hunting. At this age, they are mostly defenseless against large predators. They eat small rodents (like rats and mice), baby birds, frogs and small fish.

There are four species in the genus "Eunectes":

Luise Rainer

Luise Rainer (January 12, 1910 – December 30, 2014) was a two-time Academy Award-winning German-born Austrian-American movie actress. She was the first person to win two Academy Awards in a row. The first was for her role as Anna Held in "The Great Ziegfeld", and the second was for her role as a Chinese farmer in "The Good Earth".

Rainer was born in Duesseldorf and was Jewish.

Rainer died from pneumonia in her home in London, England, aged 104.


Ice Road Truckers

Ice Road Truckers is a Canadian-American documentary-style reality television series that first appeared on television on The History Channel on June 17, 2007 (first season). The show follows the activities of truck drivers which operate on routes that contain frozen lakes and rivers in the remote Arctic territories of Canada and Alaska.


