Battagram District

Batagram District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Previously was independent territory. The Batagram Bazar is the head quarter of district.

Battagram obtained the status of district in July 1993 when it was upgraded from a Tehsil and separated from Mansehra District by an executive order. Battagram obtained the status of district in July 1993 when it was upgraded from a Tehsil and separated from Mansehra District by an executive order, Mr. Yousaf Khan Trand (Late provincial Minister in Mir Afzal Khan Cabinet Khyber Pakhtunkhwa) was the leader who struggled for Battagram and made it a separate district, before district it was a tehsil of District Mansehra. It has geographical borders with Kohistan District, Tribal Area Torghar , Shangla District and Malakand Division. The district consists of two sub-divisions It has geographical borders with Kohistan District, Tribal Area Tor ghar , Shangla District and Malakand Division. The district consists of two sub-divisions or Tehsils which contain a total of 20 Union Councils:


Buner District

Buner District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The major language spoken in the region is Pashto. Most people are "Muslim" who follow "Islam".


Charsadda District

Charsadda District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Charsadda is the capital.


Dera Ismail Khan District

Dera Ismail Khan District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Dera Ismail Khan is the capital. It is the most southern district of KPK and has an area of and a population of 852,995 as of the 1998 Census. The main language of the district is a dialect of Saraiki. 


Hangu District

Hangu District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Hangu is the capital.

Haripur District

Haripur District is a district in the Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Haripur is the capital.

Karak District

Karak District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Karak is the capital. This district is the second smallest district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa after Hangu. The area of this district is 3395 km.

The district of Karak is administratively subdivided into three tehsils.


Tehsil karak is considered as the resources rich tehsil in district karak and here the resorces of gas and oil are discovered. 
Tehsil Banda Daud Shah is also considered as resources rich tehsil having the Pakistan second largest salt mine founds in bahadur khel. 
Tehsil Takhte Nasrati is also known for resources like uranium founds in zarki nasrati.
Kohat District

Kohat District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Kohat is the capital. The Kohati dialect of the Panjabi language is spoken in this district, although outside the province it is influenced by inhabitants of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.


Kohistan District, Pakistan

Kohistan District is a district in the Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The town of "Dassu" is the district headquarters. The area is also called Abasin Kohistan or Indus Kohistan, after the Indus River that runs through the middle of the district.

Kohistan District is divided into 4 Tehsils (subdivisions):


Farming and growing livestock are the main focus of the economy there. Growing timber has also become more important in recent years. The district has one of the lowest literacy rates in Pakistan, about 10% of the people can read and write. Education is spreading though.

Lakki Marwat District

Lakki Marwat District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan. The city of Lakki Marwat is the capital.

Lower Dir District

Lower Dir ( ，) is one of the 27 districts in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the north-western part of the province and has an area of 1583 square kilometers.  Timergara city is the district headquarters and largest city.

It used to be one district named Dir but in 1996 it was divided into two, Upper Dir and Lower Dir.The population of lower dir is mainly Yousafzai pashtoon including Clans (khadagzai, Adenzai , Malizai) and partly utmankhel tribe.

At the time of Pakistan's independence in 1947, Dir was a princely state ruled by Nawab Shah Jehan Khan. It was merged in Pakistan in 1969 and later on declared a district in 1970. Later on in 1996 it was divided into Lower Dir and Upper Dir.

Some of Dir is mountainous with peaks rising to 5000 meters.

The population of the Lower Dir district was 797,852 according to the 1998 census report. The population of Dir Lower was predicted to be 1.037.091 in 2005.

Lower Dir is divided into seven Tehsils which contain a total of 41 union councils.
This district is represented by two elected MNA's (Member of National Assembly) in Pakistan National Assembly. Its constituencies are NA-6 & 7.

Qazi Hussain Ahmad won the general elections in 2002 but he left the seat as he had also won from his native constituency. Therefore, in January 2003 another election was held.

The district is represented by five elected MPAs in the provincial assembly.


Malakand District

Malakand District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 


Mansehra District

Mansehra District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Mansehra is the capital.


Mardan District

Mardan District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Mardan is the capital.


Nowshera District

Nowshera District is a district of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan. The city of Nowshera is the capital.

Peshawar District

Peshawar District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Peshawar is the capital. In 1998, the population of the district was 2,019,000, of which 49% were urban.

Shangla District

Shangla District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Alpuri is the capital.

The district is split into the following tehsils:


Middle Eastern theatre of World War I

The Middle Eastern theatre of World War I was a large theatre during the first World War. Battles here were fought between the Allied Powers (especially Britain and Russia) and the Central Powers (especially the Ottoman Empire).

This theatre was the largest of all the theatres of WWI. It was made of four main campaigns. In the Sinai and Palestine Campaign, mainly British forces defeated the Turkish army. In the Mesopotamian Campaign, British forces, mainly the Army of India, also defeated the Turkish army. In the Caucasus Campaign, Turkey fought against the Russian Empire and other forces. In the Dardanelles Campaign the Turkish army defeated British forces, mainly colonial. There were also minor campaigns in Arabia and Southern Arabia, Aden, and Persia.

Fighting here began on October 29, 1914 and ended on October 30, 1918. A peace treaty was signed on August 10, 1920. 

Swabi District

Swabi District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Swabi is the capital.


Swat District

Swat District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The capital of Swat is Saidu Sharif, but the main city in Swat is Mingora. It was a princely state until 1969, when it was dissolved and made part of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is the third largest district in KPK with a population of 2,309,570.

With many lakes, green meadows and mountains, it is popular with tourists.

Swat is surrounded by Chitral, Upper Dir and Lower Dir in the West, Gilgit-Baltistan in North, Upper and Lower Kohistan, Buner and Shangla in the East and south East.

The District of Swat is subdivided into 7 Tehsils i.e.

Swat is populated mostly by ethnic Pashtuns and Gujjar and Kohistani communities. The main language spoken is Pashto, with a minority of Torwali and Kalami Kohistani speakers in the Swat Kohistan region of Upper Swat.

According to 1981 census, Pashto is main language and spoken by 90.28% of population while Kohistani is spoken by 8.67%.

Tank District

Tank District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Tank is the capital.

Upper Dir District

Upper Dir is one of the 26 districts in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the north-western part of the province and has an area of 3,699 km square kilometers.  Dir is the district headquarters. 

It used to be one district named Dir but in 1996 it was divided into two, Upper Dir and Lower Dir District.

At the time of Pakistan's independence in 1947, Dir was a princely state ruled by Nawab Shah Jehan Khan. It was merged in Pakistan in 1969 and later on declared a district in 1970. Later on in 1996 it was divided.

The district is represented by three elected MPAs in the provincial assembly.


Bannu

Bannu is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Bannu District.

Battagram

Batagram () is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Batagram District.

Charsadda

Charsadda is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Charsadda District.

Chitral District

Chitral () is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It has population of about 318,689 people at the 1998 Census, which grew to about 378,000 people by 2004. It has one of the highest mountains of the world, Tirich Mir. It is the largest district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, with an area of 14,850 sq. kilometres.

Chitral District is the most northerly district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. to the west and north is Afghanistan. To the east of Chitral is Kashmir and to the south are the Pakistani districts of Upper Dir and Swat. Chitral can be accessed by air via the Chitral Airport which is approximately 3 km from the town. Regular flights from Peshawar and Islamabad are run by the PIA.

The terrain of Chitral is quite mountainous, part of the Pamir Mountains are situated here. Tirich Mir which at 25,289 feet (7,708 metres) is the highest peak of the Hindu Kush, rises in the north of the district.

Chitral is connected to the rest of Pakistan by only two road routes, the Lowari Pass (el. 10,230 ft.) from Dir and Shandur Top (el. 12,200 ft.) from Gilgit. Both routes are closed in winter. The Lowari Tunnel is being constructed under the Lowari Pass and is opened two times a week when Lowari Top is closed due to snowfall.

It was reported in 2004 that Afghanistan had agreed to allow access from Pakistan to Chitral though Afghan territory and the Kunar Valley, by passing Lowari Pass.

Two other passes give access on foot to Chitral, the Broghol Pass and the Dorah Pass, both from Afghanistan. Both are closed in winter.

The general population is mainly of the Kho people, who speak the Khowar language (or Chitrali), which is also spoken in parts of Yasin, Gilgit and Swat. Chitral is also home to the Kalash tribe who live in three remote valleys southwest of Chitral town.

The Norwegian linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world. Although Khowar is the predominant language of Chitral, more than ten other languages are spoken here. These include Kalasha-mun, Erina, Savi Palula, Dameli, Gawar-Bati, Nuristani, Yidgha, Burushaski, Wakhi, Kyrgyz, Persian and Pashto. Chitrali language is written in Perso-Arabic script.

Until 1969, Chitral was a princely state, within the Malakand Agency. In 1970 Chitral was absorbed into Pakistan as the new Chitral District, until 2000 within Malakand Division.

The district of Chitral is divided into two tehsils 

This district is represented by one elected MNA (Member of National Assembly) in Pakistan National Assembly. Its constituency is NA-32.
The district is represented by two elected MPAs in the provincial assembly who represent the following constituencies:


Dera Ismail Khan

Dera Ismail Khan is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Dera Ismail Khan District.

Hangu (Pakistan)

Hangu is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Hangu District.

Haripur, Pakistan

Haripur is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Haripur District. It was founded by a Sikh General in 1822.

Karak, Pakistan

Karak is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Karak District. The main source of income of the people of Karak is agriculture.

Kohat

Kohat is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Kohat District.

The majority of the people in this city speak the Kohati variety of Hindko dialect of Panjabi.

Lakki Marwat

Lakki Marwat is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Lakki Marwat District.

Mansehra

Mansehra is a city in Pakistan. It is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and is the capital of Mansehra District.
The district has 3 subdivisions - Mansehra Tehsil, Oghi Tehsil and Balakot. It also has a tribal territory called Kala Dhaka, which has however now been given a separate district status also. The district currently has 1.5 million people. The important towns in the district are Baffa, Shinkiari, Kaghan, Naran, Garhi Habibullah, Balakot,Phulra, Oghi, Darband and Khaki.

The Karakoram Highway (or KKH) goes through this district and has a 60 km stretch in the district. Likewise the Mansehra-Naran-Jalkhan-Naran (MNJC). Road also commences in the district and has a 200 km stretch up to Babusar Pass passing through the district. The MNJC is being developed as an alternate route to the Northern Areas of Pakistan.

Mardan

Mardan (Pashto: مردان), is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. The city is the capital of Mardan District. It is known as the "city of hospitality".

Nowshera

Nowshera is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Nowshera District.

Alpuri

Alpuri is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. It is the capital of Shangla District. It is the headquarters of Alpuri Tehsil.

Saidu Sharif

Saidu Sharif is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Swat District.

Tank, Pakistan

Tank is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Tank District.

Theatre (warfare)

In warfare, a theatre or theater is an area where there are many battles. Theatres are bordered by peaceful areas.

Some wars, such as the Franco-Prussian War, are fought in one theatre. Many wars, for example the Seven Years' War have been fought in many different theatres. There were many theatres in World War I and World War II. The Napoleonic wars were the first multi-theatre war in modern times. The use of the word "theatre" for war was first seen in the book "On War" by Carl von Clausewitz.

A "Theatre of operations" (TO) is a sub-area within a theatre of war. The boundary of a TO is defined by the commander who is orchestrating or providing support for specific combat operations within the TO. It means the territory, including adjoining sea areas and air space, in which a war was conducted.

<br>

Charlotte Perrelli

Charlotte Perrelli (born Anna Jenny Charlotte Nilsson on October 7, 1974 in Hovmantorp, Kronobergs län) is a Swedish singer,television host and actress, perhaps most famous for winning Melodifestivalen 1999 and subsequently the Eurovision Song Contest 1999 with her song "Take Me To Your Heaven". Since then she has released six singles and four albums. In 2008, Perrelli won Melodifestivalen 2008, and then represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia.

All regularly released albums and their chart positions in the Sweden Top 60 (SWE).
Soundtracks containing Charlotte Perrelli songs.

Compilations containing Charlotte Perrelli songs.


Attock District

Attock District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. 

The district of Attock is administratively subdivided into six tehsils, each with an elected Nazim:


Bahawalnagar District

Bahawalnagar District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Bahawalnagar is the capital.It is 192 miles south of Lahore and about 120 miles east of Bahwalpur. River Satluj passes on the northern side at a distance of about 6 miles.

Bahawalnagar originally known as Rojhanwali was a small settlement consisting of few huts and shacks. This village Rojhanwali is still in existence at a distance of about 1.5 miles north of the Railway Station. In the year 1895, railway station was established and was named as Rojhanwali Railway Station. It was a Junction between Bahawalnagar and Bhatinda at distance of 113 miles, now linking branch lines Amrooka and Fortabbas. Before partition it was very busy junction. Trains used to run from Karachi to Delhi and vice versa via Bahawalnagar. Passenger trains also used to run from Bahawalnagar to Fazilka, Ferozpur. There was a locoshed and two institutes meant for recreation.

The District of Bahawalnagar is spread over an area of 8,878 square kilometres comprising five tehsils and 118 Union Councils of Pakistan.

Bahawalpur District

Bahawalpur District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Bahawalpur is the capital. The Riasti dialect of the Saraiki language is spoken here, and the neighboring areas in the Bahawalpur area of Cholistan.

The district is administratively divided into five tehsils and 107 Union Councils:


Bhakkar District

Bhakkar District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Bhakkar is the capital.

The district is administratively divided into four tehsils and 42 Union Councils of Pakistan


Chakwal District

Chakwal District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Chakwal is the capital.

The district is administratively subdivided into five tehsils and 68 Union Councils


Dera Ghazi Khan District

Dera Ghazi Khan District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Dera Ghazi Khan is the capital.



Faisalabad District

Faisalabad District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Faisalabad is the capital.

Gujranwala District

Gujranwala District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Gujranwala is the capital.

Gujranwala (), the capital of Gujranwala District, is a city in the northeast of the Punjab province in Pakistan. It borders the districts of Sialkot, to the north and east, Shiekhupura, to the south, Hafizabad, to the west and south, and Gujrat district to the west, on the other side of the Chenab river. The district is in the ancient region of Punjab, known as Sandal Bar, between the rivers of Chenab and Ravi.

The southern area of Gujranwala district is known as the Virkyat region or Virk territory, were the Virk Jatts held their territory, independently. The Chatha Jatts never got on with the Sikh Sardars, there were wars all the time. until the reign of Sher-e-Panjab. Before the arrival of Sikhs, into Gujranwala area, it was mainly held by local Muslim tribes, while Gujranwala, Garjakh, Qila Mian Singh, Botala Jhanda Singh, Butala Sham Singh, Eminabad, Kamoke, Qila Didar Singh, Ruriala, Mari Thakran, Ladhe Wala Waraich, Wazirabad, Dhounkal, Wadala Cheema, Mughal Chak were the only, that were under local Sikh Rule. In 1738, Panah Bhatti, a very powerful, Chieftain, had the whole of western Punjab, from Hasan Abdal, Attock, to the banks of the River Ravi, at his mercy, Gujranwala area, was to under his influence, but was defeated, by the Muslim Mughal Governors, of Lahore. Panah Bhatti, was captured and killed. 

Sardar Amir Singh, was a very old Sikh Chieftain of Gujranwala, belonging to the Waraich Jat Clan. He had two sons Gurbakhsh Singh and Dal Singh, and two daughters including, Desan Kaur (d. 1778), Mai Desan in 1756, was married to Sardar Charat Singh Sukerchakia (d. 1770), who was from Amritsar District of Punjab, crossed the river Ravi, with a large Sikh army, and Occupied Gujranwala, establishing his independent State. Mai Desan, gave birth to Sardar Mahan Singh Sukerchakia (d. 1792), who expanded his territories, and fought against the Chatha Jats, who he defeated. He married Mata Raj Kaur, the daughter of Rajah Gajpat Singh, a Sidhu Jatt, ruler of Jind Sikh State, in about 1777, who later gave birth to Maharajah Ranjit Singh Sher-e-Panjab in 1780, in Gujranwala Haveli (Mansion), the biggest and tallest building in Gujranwala and fortified, at that time, where the great Sikh Chieftains lived. From 1792-1801, Gujranwala remained the capital of Ranjit Singh, until he captured Lahore in 1799, from Sardar Chet Singh Bhangi, a weak Sikh Chieftain of Lahore. Sardar Hari Singh Nalua (1791-1837), was also born in Gujranwala, to Sardar Gurdial Singh, and Mata Dharam Kaur, a Uppal Khatri, who was also the commander and general of the Sikh army during the Sikh times, family was originally from Amritsar. He has been credited for having rebuilt the present city of Gujranwala.

Ranjit Singh, brought all the independent Muslim states of Gujranwala, under his rule. During the later Sikh rule, the Hindu's of Gujranwala, played a great role, in those days. Maharajah Ranjit Singh, having, great tolerance, built many Durgahs of Sufi Saints, such as Mastan Shah, near Gujranwala, according to the local legends of Gujranwalia's. Who is said to have met the maharajah during his childhood. He Visited Dhounkal village, near Wazirabad city, in Gujranwala, where the shrine of mystical Sakhi Sarwar stands.

It has been recorded that a small number of the total Sikh population, of Gujranwala district, were from Eastern Punjab, who started settling in Gujranwala, during the occupation of the area, by the Sikh chief, Charat Singh. Sardar Jhanda Singh, also in between 1760-1799, migrated to Gujranwala, where he established his own Authority, and later founded the village of Botala Jhanda Singh. Other Sikh Sardars such as the Maan Jatt Sikh Sardars of Mughal Chak, and the Waraich Jatt Sikh Sardars of Ruriala in Gujranwala, were also from Amritsar District. Most of the Lahore Sikh royal family members, were from mainly Gujranwala, Sialkot, and some from Amritsar district. There are hundreds of old Islamic Tombs, Forts, Canals, Villages, Gurdwaras, Temples, Mansions, old Villages, Mosques, Baradari's and city walls, which are in ruins, scattered throughout Gujranwala countryside.

The second Anglo Sikh Wars were fought in 1848-49, between the Sikh Empire and British East India Company. were fought at Ram Nagar, also in Gujranwala, where it was Sikh Victory. In 1847, the district had come under British influence. two year later it was under British rule in 1849.

In 1947, Gujranwala District, was awarded to Pakistan, because of Muslims being a majority forming about 75%, while the Sikhs were 10% and the Hindus were about 15%. Plunder, masses of Looting, Force Conversion, Genocide, destruction, and rioting took place in Gujranwala, during 1947, August time. It has been recorded that Sikhs, also protected their villages, in Gujranwala, along with the Hindus, and many died fighting, against the Muslim looters. All the Sikh and Hindu population, left for Eastern Punjab. While the Muhajir Muslims, from the Indian States of Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir, and Delhi, in en masse, migrated to Pakistan, a good number of them settled in the Gujranwala region. Today Gujranwala, has the largest population, along with other districts, The Tribes of Gujranwala, are mainly Jatts, Rajputs, and the Muhajirs.


The district is composed of 4 tehsils: 


Gujrat District

Gujrat District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Gujrat is the capital.

Gujrat District, had many Sikh Sardars, ruling villages, Islam was a majority, With 10% Sikhs and Hindus together in the District. Islam had a good influence over the Jatts of Gujrat District, 98% of Jatts them followed Islam, The People of this region are mainly Jatts, Rajputs, Gakhars, Balochi, Pathans, etc. 

The district is composed of 3 tehsils: 


Hafizabad District

Hafizabad District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Hafizabad is the capital.


Jhang District

Jhang District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Jhang is the capital.

The district of Jhang is administratively subdivided into 3 tehsils, these are:


Jhelum District

Jhelum District () is in the Punjab province of Pakistan. According the 1998 census, the district had 936,957 people, of which 31.48% were urban. Jhelum is known for providing many soldiers to the British and later to the Pakistan armed forces due to which it is also known as city of soldiers or land of martyrs and warriors. The district of Jhelum stretches from the Jhelum River almost to the Indus. Salt is quarried at the Mayo mine in the Salt Range. There are two coal-mines, the only ones worked in the province, from which the North-Western railway gets some of coal. The chief centre of the salt trade is Pind Dadan Khan. The district is crossed by the main line of the North-Western railway, and also traversed along the south by a branch line. It is in the north of the Punjab province, Jhelum district is bordered by Sargodha to its south, Gujrat and the Jhelum River to its south and east, Chakwal to its west, Mirpur to its east, and Rawalpindi to its north.

The district of Jhelum, which covers an area of 3,587 km, is administratively divided into four tehsils: Jhelum, Sohawa, Pind Dadan Khan and Dina, - which are divided into 53 Union Councils. It also contains the city of Jhelum.

According to census 2017 total population of District Jhelum is 1222650 . In Total population males are 601964 , female are 620636 and Transgender are 50 . Average annual growth rate is 1.41 from 1998 to 2017.

According to the 1998 census of Pakistan, 936,957 people lived in Jhelum District. There were 261 people per square kilometre. According the Punjab Education Department's annual literacy statistics for 2006, Jhelum had a literacy rate of 79% which is among the highest in Pakistan. Human Development Index of Jhelum is 0.770, which highest in Pakistan after Karachi.

People of Jhelum District speak Punjabi. The written language is Urdu. Many also speak Pothwari.
The climate of the tract is extreme. In winter it is very cold and summer is very hot. The average rainfall varies from 48 to 69 mm each year.





Kasur District

Kasur District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Kasur is the capital.


Khanewal District

Khanewal District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Khanewal is the capital.

The District is headed by a powering authority named as District Coordination Officer.Dco handles all developments and problem issues in whole District.EDO's work under DCO to cooperate in operations which are going on in District.


Khushab District

Khushab District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Khushab is the capital.


Lahore District

Lahore District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Lahore is the capital.

Layyah District

Layyah District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Layyah is the capital. 

Layyah District shares borders with the districts of Bhakkar (north), Muzaffargarh (south), Jhang (east) and D.G. Khan (west). The District is of semi rectangular shape and has sandy land. The total area of the district is 6291 km. It is 88 km from east to west & 75 km from north to south. It is made up of the three tehsils of:


Layyah District has an extremely hot climate. The temperature in winter is low because it is near the Koh-Suleman mountains. The tehsil Chaubara is almost barren and is made up of forest and sand dunes. The tehsil of Layyah and Karor Lal Esan are better developed agriculturally but they have also large areas of sand dunes and uncultivated land. The river Indus passes from north to south on western side of the district and touches D.G. Khan.


Lodhran District

Lodhran District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Lodhran is the capital.


Mandi Bahauddin District

Mandi Bahauddin District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Mandi Bahauddin is the capital.

The district has three tehsils, these are:


Mianwali District

Mianwali District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Mianwali is the capital.


Multan District

Multan District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. According to the 1998 census of Pakistan it had a population of 3.117 million (1.315 million or 42.2% in urban areas). Its capital is the city of Multan.


Muzaffargarh District

Muzaffargarh District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Muzaffargarh is the capital.

The district Muzaffargarh is divided in to five administrative tehsils.

Nankana Sahib District

Nankana Sahib District or Khairpur Bhattian () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Nankana Sahib is the capital.

Nankana Sahib District is administratively subdivided into four tehsils:


Narowal District

Narowal District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Narowal is the capital. The Darhab dialect of the Punjabi language is spoken in this very district and the surrounding areas.


The district is bounded on the northwest by Sialkot District, on the north by Indian Kashmir, on the east by Gurdaspur District (Republic of India) which contains the Pathankot Tehsil contiguous to Pakistan; and internationalised on the south by Amritsar District (Republic of India) and Sheikhupura District to the south-west.

Okara District

Okara District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Okara is the capital.


Taito

The Taito Corporation is an innovator of coin operated video games. Taito was founded in 1953 to import peanuts and vodka to Japan. They also made vending machines for the vodka and peanuts. The next year (1954), Taito began making jukeboxes and other amusement machines. These machines were designed by other companies but in 1956 Taito designed and produced Japans first jukebox. Taito started to buy, sell, and lease pinball machines in 1956. Taito became the manufacturer of Seeburg corporation (USA) jukeboxes in 1962. Taito produced Japans first crane-type coin operated machine in 1965. The Japanese Ministry of International Trade and Industry gave Taito a commendation prize for enterprise in 1970. In 1973 Taito made Pro Hockey and Soccer video games as well as Elepong. Elepong was the first Japanese designed coin operated game. Taito are most famous for making Space Invaders in 1978. Taito says "Space Invaders was a worldwide phenomenon". Taito has been one of the leading makers of coin operated video games in the world for more than thirty years.




Pakpattan District

Pakpattan District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Pakpattan is the capital.


Rahim Yar Khan District

Rahimyar Khan District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Rahimyar Khan is the capital.


Space Invaders

Space Invaders is a video game made by the Taito Corporation. "Space Invaders" is one of the most famous early video games. The game is about defending the Earth from Space Invaders (aliens) by shooting them down before they can land. There have been seven versions of "Space Invaders" made by the Taito Corporation. "Space Invaders" was designed by the Taito Corporations man in charge of the game making department, Toshihiro Nishikado. Nishikado was inspired to make the game after watching "Star Wars" and "War of the Worlds". At first "Space Invaders" was a coin-operated machine but has been made available for almost every games console and home computer. Before making "Space Invaders", Nishikado worked on games called "Soccer" and "Interceptor". He says the hardest part of making a video game is designing the computer inside it. Taito describes "Space Invaders" as "an international phenomenon".



Rajanpur District

Rajanpur District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Rajanpur is the capital.


Rawalpindi District

Rawalpindi District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Rawalpindi is the capital. The district is divided into seven tehsils, these are:

In 1901 Punjab Census, the Sikhs numbered 26,363, Hindus 57,325, and the Muslims being 466,918 83%. But between 1901 and 1931, there was a large number of Hindus converting to Sikhism. By 1947, there would have been more than 100,000 Sikhs In this district, and also the population growing.

Sahiwal District

Sahiwal District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Sahiwal is the capital.

Sahiwal is on GT Road. It is 167 km from Lahore.


Sargodha District

Sargodha District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Sargodha is the capital.


Sialkot District

Sialkot District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Sialkot is the 

It is recorded that Masses of Jatts of Sialkot district, converted to Islam, under Daud Bandagi Kirmani (1513-1575), of Shergarh during the reign of Emperor Akbar between, 1556-1605. The Clans that converted included Sandhu, Ghumman, Bajwa, Virk, Maan, Cheema, Basra, Kahlon, Goraya, Sahi, Hanjra, Dehothar.


Toba Tek Singh District

Toba Tek Singh District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Toba Tek Singh is the capital.


Vehari District

Vehari District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Vehari is the capital.


Attock

Attock is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Attock District. The city was founded during the British period and it was originally named Campbellpur after its British governor Sir Colin Campbell however the name was changed to Attock after the independence of Pakistan from British rule in 1947.

Bahawalnagar

Bahawalnagar is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province. It is the capital of Bahawalnagar District. It is located near the India–Pakistan border.

Bahawalpur

Bahawalpur is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Bahawalpur District.

Bhakkar

Bhakkar (, Seraiki: بھکر) is the capital city of Bhakkar District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at 31°37'60N 71°4'0E at an elevation of 159 metres and lies on the left bank of the Indus river. It has a population of almost 300,000 people and was given district status in 1981. It is also the capital of the tehsil of the same name (Bhakkar Tehsil).

Chakwal

Chakwal is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Chakwal District.

Dera Ghazi Khan

Dera Ghazi Khan is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Dera Ghazi Khan District.

Faisalabad

Faisalabad, formerly known as Lyallpur, is the third largest metropolis in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Faisalabad District. The city is an important centre of trade and industry.


Union councils of Pakistan

A Union Council or Village Council in Pakistan is an elected local government body that has 21 councillors. They are elected by the people. Each Union Council is headed by a Nazim, which is similar to a mayor, and a Naib Nazim (similar to a deputy mayor).

Union Councils are the fifth level (the lowest level) of government in Pakistan. Union Councils are often known as Village Councils in rural areas, esp. in KP during the PTI Government provincial reforms.
The area represented by a Village Council usually comprises a large village and surrounding areas, often including nearby smaller villages. The term "Union Council" may be used for areas that are part of cities.

Each Union Council is governed by a Union Nazim (similar to a mayor), each union council has 13 elected members known as councillors. As well as four male and two female members elected directly, there are two male and two female representatives of the labour, a minority member, a Nazim and his deputy known as Naib Nazim.

Also as well as the elected members, there are several government employees and functionaries in every union council, who report to the Secretary of the Union Council. The last one is a civil servant appointed by the state.

The territory of a Union Council or Village Council is usually part of a tehsil, (a tehsil is a district subdivision). Less commonly, a Union Council may be part of a City District.

Shown below is a simplified structure of the political hierarchy.

Seer Gharbi

Seer Gharbi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the country of Pakistan. It is in the southeastern part of the province, bordering the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province.

Seer Gharbi means "Western Seer". This is because there are two towns called "Seer" and are very near to each other. The other Seer is known as "Seer Sharqi", which means "Eastern Seer".

On October 8, 2005, Seer Gharbi, like much of Abbottabad District, was affected by an earthquake. However the number of people killed or injured was low, the damage was largely to buildings and damage to water supplies.

The Union Council of Seer Gharbi is subdivided into three areas: Basbher, Malmola and Seer Gharbi.

Tranmere Rovers F.C.

Tranmere Rovers Football Club is an English football club. They were a member of The Football League until 2015, when they were relegated to the Football Conference. They returned to the football league in 2018. Their main rivals are Chester, Wrexham, Bolton and Oldham.


Corumbá

Corumbá is a Brazilian city of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul. It has about 120,000 inhabitants and an area of 64.960,86 km².

Christopher Lee

Sir Christopher Frank Carandini Lee CBE, CStJ (27 May 1922 7 June 2015) was an English actor. He was a direct descendent of the Italian aristocrat Marie Carandini.

Lee was best known for his many movie characters. For example, Dracula and Fu Manchu in many movies during the 1950s through the 1970s. He became even better known as Scaramanga in the Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun", Saruman the White in "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy and Count Dooku in "".

He performed roles in 275 movies since 1948. He appeared in over 75 television programs. Lee was also a voice actor, providing his voice in over 50 movies. This made him the Guinness World Record holder for most movie acting roles ever. Lee was also a singer and his latest album was released in 2013.

Lee lived in London. He was married to Danish model Birgit Kroencke.

Lee was born in Belgravia, London, England, on 27 May 1922. He and his older sister Xandra were raised by Estelle Marie and Geoffrey Trollope until their divorce in 1926. Trollope was a professional soldier. Later, while Lee was still a child, his mother married (and later divorced) Harcourt George "Ingle" St. Croix, a banker. Lee studied at Wellington College from age 14 to 17. After this, he worked as an office clerk in a couple of London shipping companies. In 1941, he enlisted in the RAF during World War II. 

After military service, Lee joined the Rank Organisation in 1947. He trained as an actor in their "Charm School". He played many small parts in movies, for example, "Corridor of Mirrors" (1948). He had a small part in Laurence Olivier's "Hamlet" (1948). Peter Cushing was also in this movie. Lee and Cushing also both acted in "Moulin Rouge" (1952) but did not meet until later when they did horror movies together. They are well known for working together in horror movies.

Lee had many parts in movies and television during the 1950s. He did not become famous until he started working with Hammer Film Productions. With Hammer Films, he acted in "The Curse of Frankenstein" (1957), "Dracula" (1958), "The Mummy" (1959), and "The Hound of the Baskervilles" (1959). All of these movies also starred Cushing. Lee continued his role as "Dracula" in many Hammer sequels during the 1960s and early 1970s. During this time, he acted many times as Fu Manchu. The most notable was in the first of the series "The Face of Fu Manchu" (1965). He also acted in many movies in Europe. With his own production company, Charlemagne Productions, Ltd., Lee made "Nothing But the Night" (1972) and "To the Devil a Daughter" (1976). By the mid-1970s, Lee wanted to stop making horror movies. He acted in several mainstream movies, for example "The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes" (1970), "The Three Musketeers" (1973), "The Four Musketeers" (1974), and the James Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun" (1974).

Because these movies were very well liked, he chose to move to Hollywood in the mid-1970s. He was a busy actor but most of the work he did for movies and television was not very notable. Because of this, he decided moved back to England. Lee's career became very notable again in the early 2000s. His acting in "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy (2001–2003) (as Saruman the White) and "" (2002) (as Count Dooku) caused this. Lee is the only member of the cast of "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy who met author J.R.R. Tolkien.

Lee died at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital on 7 June 2015 at 8:30 am after being admitted for respiratory problems and heart failure, shortly after celebrating his 93rd birthday there. His wife delayed the public announcement until 11 June, in order to break the news to their family.

In 2001, he was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire for his contributions to the movie and television industries. He was knighted for services to drama and charity in 2009. He received the BAFTA Fellowship in 2011.


Liv Tyler

Liv Tyler (born July 1, 1977) is an American actress and former model. She is best known for her roles of Grace Stamper in "Armageddon" and Arwen in "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy. She is the daughter of Aerosmith's singer, Steven Tyler.

Tyler was born Liv Rundgren at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan, New York City, New York. She is the first born daughter of Bebe Buell, a model, singer, and was the Playboy Playmate of the month Miss November 1974, and Steven Tyler, the lead singer of Aerosmith. Her maternal grandmother, Dorothea Johnson, founded the Protocol School of Washington. Her mother named her after Norwegian actress Liv Ullmann. At birth, Bebe Buell claimed that rock star Todd Rundgren was Tyler's biological father. Tyler spent most of her childhood living with that understanding, only finding her true parentage at age nine, after meeting Steven Tyler at a Rundgren concert in Boston. Also, when Tyler was growing up, Steven Tyler started coming to visit. Then at another meeting in 1988, seeing that Steven Tyler's other daughter, Mia, looked very similar to herself, she asked her mother. The truth about Tyler's paternity did not become public until 1991, when she changed her name from Rundgren to Tyler, but kept the old one as a middle name. Buell's reason for the decision was that Steven Tyler was too heavily addicted to drugs at that time. Since knowing the truth about her paternity, Liv and Steven Tyler have had a close relationship. They have even made their careers intertwine when Liv performed in Aerosmith's video "Crazy" and when Aerosmith wrote and performed many of the songs in Liv's movie "Armageddon".

Tyler went to the Congressional School of Virginia, Breakwater Elementary and Wayneflete schools (in Portland, Maine) before returning to New York City with her mother at the age of twelve. She went to York Prep in NYC for Junior High and High School, graduating in 1995. One month later Tyler set off for Italy, to star in "Stealing Beauty".


Dourados

Dourados is a Brazilian city of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul. It has about 200,000 inhabitants and an area of .

Carlo Gesualdo

Carlo Gesualdo, known as Gesualdo da Venosa (born probably 8 March 1566; died 8 September 1613), Prince of Venosa and Count of Conza, was an Italian music composer, lutenist and murderer. He lived in the late part of the Renaissance period. He is famous for his beautifully expressive madrigals which are written in a very chromatic style (using lots of sharps and flats). He is also remembered for committing a horrible murder.

Gesualdo came from an aristocratic family. He was probably born at Venosa, but we know hardly anything about his early life. We know that he was extremely interested in music when he was small and showed very little interest in anything else. He played the lute, harpsichord and guitar.

In 1586 Gesualdo married his first cousin, Donna Maria d'Avalos, the daughter of the Marquis of Pescara. Two years later she began to have a love affair with Fabrizio Carafa, the Duke of Andria. For two years her husband knew nothing about her love affair. Then one day he returned unexpectedly to his palace (he may have suspected that something was happening) and found them making love. He murdered them both in their bed. He then left their bodies in front of the palace for everyone to see. In those days in Italy a nobleman could not be arrested and punished. However, someone might have wanted to kill him in revenge, so he ran away to the town of Gesualdo where he had a castle.

A lot of people heard about the murders. Famous poets such as Tasso wrote poems about it. Nothing was done to arrest Gesualdo, however. Some people at the time said that he also murdered one of Maria’s babies because he thought he might not have been the father. Other people even said that he murdered his father-in-law when he came wanting to kill him in revenge, but we do not know whether this was true.

In 1594 Gesualdo went to the town of Ferrara which was famous for music which was being composed by modern composers experimenting with new ideas. He spent two years there and composed his first book of madrigals. There he married another woman who was a niece of Duke Alfonso II d’Este. The couple moved back to Gesualdo in 1597.

After returning to his castle at Gesualdo from Ferrara in 1597, he tried to make the town famous for music. He invited some of Italy’s most famous musicians to come and work for him. Since he was very rich he could afford to do this. However, the music making only took place in his castle (printing with Giovanni Giacomo Carlino). Gesualdo spent the last years of his life doing nothing except music. He hardly ever left his castle. 

Gesualdo’s new marriage was not a happy one. His wife said he was cruel and she tried to divorce him. She spent a lot of time away from the castle and wrote him angry letters.

Late in life he suffered from depression and madness. We do not know whether this was because he felt bad about being a murderer, but he probably did feel guilty. He often made his servants hit him. He also wrote very strange letters to a cardinal asking him to send him some of his dead uncle’s skeleton because he thought these remains would make him better.

Gesualdo died alone at his castle. The chapel where he was buried was destroyed by an earthquake in 1688. There is still a burial plaque in the rebuilt church.

We think it is likely that Gesualdo felt terribly guilt all his life about the murders he had committed, and these guilty feelings can be heard in his music. The words of his madrigals are often very emotional: they are about "love", "pain", "death", "ecstasy", "agony". Of course, other madrigal composers used such words, but Gesualdo’s music is really extreme. It is often wildly chromatic. Other composers did not copy his style.

He wrote both sacred (religious) and secular (non-religious) songs, and some music for instruments. His most famous compositions are his six published books of madrigals (between 1594 and 1611), as well as his "Tenebrae Responsories", which are very much like madrigals, except that they use texts from the Passion story about Christ’s death on the cross.

Nanny (disambiguation)


The Nanny may mean:

AdventureQuest

AdventureQuest is an RPG (role-playing game) made by Artix Entertainment.



Conflict

A conflict is a struggle between people which may be physical, or between conflicting ideas. The word comes from Latin "conflingere" Conflingere means "to come together for a battle". Conflicts can either be within one person, or they can involve several people or groups. Conflicts arise because there are needs, values or ideas that are seen to be different, and there is no means to reconcile the dispute. 

Very often, conflicts lead to fights, or even wars (in the case where conflicts are solved with weapons). Conflict between ideas is usually fought with propaganda.


Constructed script

A constructed script (also artificial script, neography, and conscript for short) is a kind of writing system. It is a writing system that is specifically created by an individual or group, and is not like an evolved natural script. In contrast, natural scripts evolve and grow as part of a natural language or culture.

Some constructed scripts are made to be used for constructed languages. Other constructed scripts are used in linguistic experimentation or for other more practical uses in existing languages.

An Inspector Calls

An Inspector Calls is a play written in 1945 by the British playwright J. B. Priestley, but set in 1912. Its socialist views ran against the capitalist views of many theatres visitors. It was first performed in 1946 in two Moscow theatres. It was then first produced in London at the New Theatre on 1 October 1946. 

The play shows the way in which people are all connected, and reflects Priestley's socialist views while outlining the problems he saw with capitalism. The main themes in the play are an equitable (fair) society, responsibility and love.


J. B. Priestley uses dramatic devices and dramatic irony to signal characters and introduce the inspector. For example, the house is pink and intimate while they are celebrating the engagement, but when the sharp ring of a door bell is heard, the lighting changes to a brighter and harder colour. Some believe that it represents an interrogation room due to the bright lights that are shining on the Birlings as the inspector comes in and picks the story out of them bit by bit. Dramatic irony is used throughout the play to create prejudice between Mr. Birling and the audience. 


Justice and Equality Movement

The Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) is a rebel group involved in the Darfur conflict of Sudan. It is led by Khalil Ibrahim. Together with other rebel groups such as the Sudan Liberation Army, they are fighting against the government-supported Janjaweed militia. The JEM is also a member of the Eastern Front, a rebel coalition. After the Eastern Front signed a peace deal with the central government, the JEM lost access to its funding from Eritrea.

The JEM traces its foundation to the writers of the "", a manuscript published in 2000 that shows some problems. JEM has an Islamist ideology, and the government links the group to Hassan al-Turabi, although leaders of the group and Turabi himself deny the claim. However, al-Turabi blames the government for making the situation worse". 

On January 20, 2006, the group merged with the Sudan Liberation Movement, along with other rebel groups, to form the Alliance of Revolutionary Forces of West Sudan. However, the JEM and SLM negotiated as separate groups with peace talks with the government in May 2006.

In October of 2007, the JEM attacked an oilfield in the Kordofan region of Sudan. This olified is controlled by a Chinese consortium. The next month, a group of 135 Chinese engineers arrived in Darfur to work on this field. Ibrahim told reporters, "We oppose them coming because the Chinese are not interested in human rights. It is just interested in Sudan's resources." The JEM claims that the revenue from oil sold to China funds the Sudanese government and the Janjaweed militia.

On the morning of December 11th, 2007, Khalil Ibrahim claimed that JEM forces fought and defeated Sudanese government troops guarding a Chinese-run oilfield in the Kordofan region. Khartoum officials, however, denied that any oil fields had come under attack. Ibrahim said that the attack was part of a JEM campaign to rid Sudan of Chinese-run oilfields and stated that "[The JEM] want all Chinese companies to leave. They have been warned many times. They should not be there."


Holden (disambiguation)

Holden is the name of an Australian brand of automobile. Holden can also mean:




There are also:




Languages constructed by J. R. R. Tolkien

This article is about the constructed languages of J. R. R. Tolkien, used in his Middle-earth universe.

J. R. R. Tolkien was a philologist, and he was interested in language since he was a child. He invented several languages, which he then used in his Middle-earth writings. Aside from the external history, most of his languages have also an invented "internal history". The internal history means how the languages evolved and were used inside the fictional story by the fictional people who spoke them. 
Some of Tolkien's languages have a detailed grammar and vocabulary. Other languages are not very detailed, and some languages have only a few words and names. Quenya and Sindarin are the best and most developed languages, while others like Rohirric, Khuzdûl, or Black Speech, are not so developed.

Tolkien also created the Tengwar, Sarati, and Cirth scripts for his languages.

The Elvish languages or Eldarin languages are the languages of the Elves. At other times, Elvish languages were the common speech. Later the Elvish languages were also used by humans, especially by scientists and the nobility. The Eldarin languages can be divided into two groups: Quenya language and Telerin languages (which includes Telerin, Nandorin, and Sindarin).

Quenya is an Elvish language. It was spoken by the Vanyar and Noldor elves in Valinor. When the Noldor returned to Middle-earth in the First Age, they brought Quenya with them. But the native Sindarin became far more common in everyday speech. In the Second Age and especially in the Third Age, Quenya in Middle-earth was used more as a scientific and ritual language. Because of this Tolkien sometimes called Quenya the "Elf-Latin".

Telerin is an Elvish language. It was spoken by the Teleri elves. From Telerin developed several new languages and dialects, for example Sindarin.

Sindarin is an Elvish language. It came from the Telerin language. It was spoken by the Sindar (or Grey Elves) in Middle-earth. It later became the most common elvish language spoken in Middle-earth.

Adûnaic is the language of the people of Númenor. After the Fall of Númenor, Adûnaic was not often used anymore. From Adûnaic and the native languages of the western coastlands of Middle-earth developed Westron.

Westron (Westron: "Adûni", Sindarin: "Annúnaid"), or the Common Speech (Westron: "Sôval Phârë"), is a language of Middle-earth. It comes from Adûnaic and the natives languages of Middle-earth. In the Third Age, Westron is used as the common language, spoken by most peoples.
In the books, the text written in English is meant to be Westron most of the time.

Rohirric (also Rohirian or Rohanese) is the language of the Rohirrim of Rohan. In the books, Rohirric text and names are always represented by Old English. This is made because Rohirric should feel older but similar to the hobbit's Westron, and they are in the books represented by Old English and Modern English.

Khuzdûl is the language of the Dwarves. The dwarves keep much of what they do a secret, and they also do this with their language. Because of this, only a few place-names and phrases are known from Khuzdûl. Dwarves have never told other (non-dwarven) people their Khuzdûl names. Instead, they use other names when talking to the other peoples of Middle-earth. The dwarven "nicknames" that appear in the books are all taken from Norse mythology. 
Besides the spoken language, called "aglab", Khuzdûl had the "iglishmek", which was a sign language.

Entish is the language of the Ents. The language is, like the Ents themselves, very "unhasty": it takes a lot of time to say something. The language uses very long descriptions and many repetitions. Because it is so complicated and takes so much time, nobody but the Ents use or understand this language.

Valarin was the language spoken by the Ainur.

Black Speech is the language of Sauron. The language was created by him and used by his followers. The inscription on the One Ring was Black Speech, written in Tengwar. Aside from the Ring-inscription, there are several names and words of Black Speech known.


Lope de Vega

Lope de Vega (also Félix Lope de Vega y Carpio or Lope Félix de Vega Carpio) (25 November 1562 – 27 August 1635) was a Spanish Baroque playwright and poet. His reputation in the world of Spanish letters is second only to that of Cervantes, while the sheer volume of his literary output is unequalled: 
he is estimated to have written between 1,500 and 2,500 fully-fledged plays – of which some 425 have survived until the modern day – together with a plethora of shorter dramatic and poetic works.

He was ""The Phoenix of Wits"" and ""Monster of Nature"" by Miguel de Cervantes because he did so much work. Lope de Vega renewed the Spanish theatre when people were becoming interested in it. Along with Calderón de la Barca and Tirso de Molina, he improved Spanish theater. He is considered a great dramatist and his plays are often performed. He is also one of the famous Spanish poets and authors.

Lope de Vega was born in Madrid to a non-notable family, who came to the capital from Valle de Carriedo in Cantabria recently. Félix de Vega, the bread winner of the family, was an embroiderer.

Pedro Calderòn de la Barca

Pedro Calderón de la Barca y Henao (January 17, 1600 – May 25, 1681), was a dramatist of the Spanish Golden Age.

Calderón was born in Madrid. His mother, who was of Flemish descent, died in 1610; his father, who was secretary to the treasury, died in 1615. Calderón was educated at the Jesuit College in Madrid, the Colegio Imperial, with a view to taking orders; but instead, he studied law at Salamanca.


Chemical vapor deposition

Chemical vapor deposition is a method of putting a thin layer of materials on to a surface using very low heat. It is specially useful for coating thin glass with metal without damaging the glass, using such a thin layer of metal that the glass can be seen through. This technology was invented by the Head of the Chemistry Department of Harvard University, Professor Roy Gordon, in the 1970s and perfected by his team during the 1980s. Chemical vapor deposition has a vast range of uses. Hip replacement joints are coated using chemical vapor deposition to make them lighter, stronger, and longer lasting. TFT displays (flat screen televisions and computer monitors) are made using chemical vapor deposition. This technology is also used to prevent double glazing windows and supermarket freezers from steaming up. Chemical vapor deposition can be used to create synthetic diamonds.


States of Sudan

Below is a list of the 18 states of Sudan (Arabic names are in parentheses). Before 9 July 2011, Sudan had 25 states. The ten southern states now form the independent country of South Sudan. Two more states were created in 2012 within the Darfur region, and one in 2013 in Kordofan, bringing the total to 18. Transliterations from Arabic to English may vary; in particular, the article "al" is sometimes transliterated as "el". Numbers correspond to those of the map at right.


In addition to the states, there are also regional administrative bodies established by peace agreements between the central government and rebel groups:

Anglo-Egyptian Sudan had eight "mudiriyat", or provinces, which were ambiguous when created but became well defined by the beginning of the Second World War. The eight provinces were: Blue Nile, Darfur, Equatoria, Kassala, Khartoum, Kurdufan, Northern, and Upper Nile. In 1948 Bahr al Ghazal split from Equatoria. 

There were numerous new provinces created on 1 July 1973. North and South Darfur were created from Darfur, while Kurdufan divided into North and South Kurdufan. Al Jazirah and White Nile were split off from Blue Nile. River Nile split off from Northern. Red Sea was split off from Kassala.

A further fracturing of provinces occurred in 1976. Lakes split from Bahr al Ghazal, and Jonglei split off from Upper Nile. Equatoria divided into East and West Equatoria. There were thus eighteen provinces. In 1991, the government reorganized the administrative regions into nine federal states, matching the nine provinces that had existed from 1948 to 1973. On 14 February 1994, the government reorganized yet again, creating twenty-six "wilayat" (states). The majority of the wilayat were either the old provinces or administrative subregions of a province. As part of the new government structure in South Sudan in 2005, Bahr al Jabal was renamed Central Equatoria. In 2006, West Kurdufan was split and merged with North Kurdufan and South Kurdufan.

In 2011, the ten southern states became the independent Republic of South Sudan.

WrestleMania XXIV

WrestleMania XXIV was the twenty-fourth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on March 30, 2008 at the Citrus Bowl in Orlando, Florida. It was the first WrestleMania to be held in the state of Florida, and the second WrestleMania to be held outdoors the whole time, the other being WrestleMania IX. The official theme songs were ""Light It Up"" by Rev Theory and ""Snow ((Hey Oh))"" by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The tagline was ""The Biggest WrestleMania Under the Sun"."

Tickets went on sale to the public on November 3, 2007. For the second year in a row, WrestleMania broke the record for the highest-grossing pay-per-view in WWE history and for the Citrus Bowl, grossing in $5.85 million in ticket sales. The record-breaking Citrus Bowl attendance record of 74,635 consisting of people from twenty-one countries, all fifty states, and five Canadian provinces, pumped an estimated $30 million into the local economy. The Central Florida Sports Commission thought that the event created many jobs, and brought around 60,000 visitors to the city for the event. WWE and the city of Orlando hosted festivities that spanned a five-day period within the central Florida area, bringing many branding opportunities and television coverage, leading up to the event at the Citrus Bowl.

The event was a joint-promotion pay-per-view, having performers from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands. The main match on the Raw brand was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between Randy Orton, Triple H, and John Cena, which Orton won by pinning Cena. The main event and featured match on the SmackDown brand was Edge versus The Undertaker for the World Heavyweight Championship, which Undertaker won by forcing Edge to submit with the Gogoplata. The main match on the ECW brand was Chavo Guerrero against Kane for the ECW Championship, which Kane won by pinfall after performing a chokeslam. Main matches on the undercard included Floyd Mayweather, Jr. versus The Big Show in a No Disqualification match,<ref name="Mayweather/Show"></ref> an interpromotional Money in the Bank ladder match, and Ric Flair versus Shawn Michaels.

The main feud heading into WrestleMania on the Raw brand was between Randy Orton, John Cena, and Triple H, with the three feuding over the WWE Championship. At the Royal Rumble in January, John Cena won the Royal Rumble match by last eliminating Triple H to become the number one contender to the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXIV. Instead of challenging Randy Orton for the title at WrestleMania, he wanted to challenge him at No Way Out, the next pay-per-view. At No Way Out, Orton got himself intentionally disqualified by slapping the referee, thus keeping the WWE Championship. Also at No Way Out, Triple H became the new number one contender to the WWE Championship at WrestleMania by winning against five other men in an Elimination Chamber match. The night after on "Raw", after Cena argued that he should have another WWE Championship match, Raw General Manager William Regal said that Cena would face Orton later in the night with the stipulation being if Cena won, he would be added to the WrestleMania match between Triple H and Orton, making it a Triple Threat match. If Orton won, however, the main event would stay as Orton versus Triple H. Cena won the match, pinning Orton after executing an FU. After the match, Triple H, who was the Special Guest referee, executed a Pedigree to both Cena and Orton.

The common feud on the SmackDown brand was between Edge and The Undertaker, with the two battling over the World Heavyweight Championship. On the February 29 version of "SmackDown", Assistant General Manager Theodore Long said that at No Way Out, an Elimination Chamber match would be held to find out who was the number one contender to the World Heavyweight Championship at WrestleMania. Undertaker won the match, last eliminating Batista after executing a Tombstone piledriver.

At No Way Out, The Big Show made a surprise return to the company. In his return promo, Big Show threatened to give Rey Mysterio a Chokeslam. Professional boxer Floyd Mayweather, Jr., who was in attendance and a close friend of Mysterio's, came to his aid and confronted Big Show. Big Show then got on his knees to allow Mayweather to punch him, which Mayweather did, by hitting him with many different punches, which caused Big Show to bleed from the nose and mouth. The next night on "Raw", the Big Show challenged Mayweather to a match, which Mayweather accepted.
On the February 25, 2008 edition of "Raw", 2008 WWE Hall of Fame Inductee Ric Flair challenged Shawn Michaels to a match at WrestleMania, which the latter accepted after some reluctance, knowing that Flair's career will be on the line. Flair also said that "it would be an honor for him to retire at the hands of Shawn Michaels."

Also, on the February 25, 2008 edition of "Raw", the General Manager William Regal was "sent a letter" by the SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero, issuing a challenge to him for an interpromotional "Raw vs. SmackDown" match at WrestleMania XXIV, with each brand choosing one superstar to represent it. Regal accepted and chose Umaga to represent Raw at WrestleMania XXIV. On the February 29 version of "SmackDown", Batista was chosen as the SmackDown representative by Vickie Guerrero against Umaga at WrestleMania XXIV.

On February 18, 2008 WWE said using its website that the fourth annual Money in the Bank ladder match would take place at WrestleMania XXIV, with superstars competing from Raw, SmackDown and ECW. The winner will get a contract to challenge for any of the three WWE World Championships (the WWE Championship of Raw, the World Heavyweight Championship of SmackDown, or the ECW Championship) at any time and any place over a one-year period. Qualifying matches were done to find out who were the participants in the match. Jeff Hardy was at first supposed to be a part of the Money in the Bank ladder match, but was excluded from the event due to his suspension. WWE decided not to fill his spot with another superstar, making this year's Money in the Bank ladder match the first year to only have 7 participants.

On the March 11, 2008 version of "ECW", ECW General Manager Armando Estrada announced a twenty-four-man battle royal at WrestleMania XXIV with the winner going on to face ECW Champion Chavo Guerrero for the ECW Championship following the battle royal. The first announced participant was The Great Khali. WrestleMania XXIV marks the first WrestleMania in which the ECW Championship will be defended. Big Daddy V was at first scheduled to take part in this match, but was removed for unknown reasons. Stevie Richards would also replace Matt Striker, for unknown reasons as well.


Before the show was first shown live on pay-per-view, Kane won a 24-man Interpromotional Battle Royal to win an ECW Championship match against Chavo Guerrero later that night. The event officially began with John Legend singing a rendition of ""America the Beautiful"." The first match that was shown live on pay-per-view was a Belfast Brawl between Finlay and John "Bradshaw" Layfield. Finlay was accompanied to the ring by his returning "son" Hornswoggle, who was injured at the hands of JBL a few weeks ago on "Raw".

The next match of the evening was the fourth-yearly Money in the Bank ladder match, featuring Chris Jericho, Mr. Kennedy and Carlito from the Raw brand; CM Punk, Shelton Benjamin and John Morrison from the ECW brand; and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) from the SmackDown brand. The match featured many dangerous spots. Early in the match, Morrison climbed a turnbuckle and performed a moonsault on others outside while holding a ladder against his chest. Then, at one point, when Mr. Kennedy and Morrison were battling on top of a ladder, Benjamin climbed another ladder placed adjacent to the first one, and performed a flip powerbomb on Kennedy, who in turn superplexed Morrison from the top of the ladder. After sometime, Kennedy delivered his Green Bay Plunge to Punk onto a ladder. Later, Carlito and Kennedy flipped Benjamin off a ladder, sending him crashing through another ladder set-up between the barricade and the ring apron. Jericho also performed his Walls of Jericho on Morrison on top of a ladder. Kennedy delivered his Mic Check to Punk off a ladder. Quickly afterwards, Carlito hit the Backstabber to Jericho from a ladder. When MVP was close of finding the contract briefcase, Matt Hardy returned to action through the crowd, entered the ring and delivered the Twist of Fate to MVP off the ladder. As soon as Morrison started to climb a ladder, see-sawing with another ladder, Jericho flipped the other one and Morrison landed on the ring-ropes groin-first. In the end, Jericho and Punk fought each other on a ladder, but Punk trapped Jericho's one leg in the ladder's steps and himself retrieved the contract briefcase to win the match.

The next match which was billed as a "Battle for Brand Supremacy", was between SmackDown's Batista and Raw's Umaga. Early in the match, both Batista and Umaga exchanged blows and Batista threw Umaga outside with a shoulder block. Umaga later delivered a high-impact kick to Batista, which caused him to fall back-first outside the ring from the ring-apron. Hence, Umaga started targeting Batista's injured back. But in the end, when Umaga tried to go for a Samoan Spike, Batista countered the attempt and delivered a spinebuster to Umaga. Batista won the match by pinning Umaga after hitting him with his Batista Bomb. The fourth match for the event featured Chavo Guerrero defending his ECW Championship against Kane. Kane surprised Chavo by emerging from underneath the ring instead of from the entrance stage. In the second shortest match in WrestleMania history, Kane instantly pinned Chavo after a Chokeslam and won the ECW Championship in eight seconds.
Ric Flair put his career on the line next against Shawn Michaels. At the start of the match, both superstars engaged in a series of counters, and then Flair shoved Michaels in a corner, making "Old Yeller" comments to him. In retaliation, Michaels slapped Flair in the face, which caused him to start bleeding from the mouth. Later, Flair performed a crossbody onto Michaels from the top rope for a two count. Then, in a very dangerous spot, when Flair was on the outside, Michaels performed an Asai moonsault onto Flair, but missed and landed hard on the Raw announcers' table rib-first. With Flair later on outside the ring again, Michaels successfully attempted another moonsault from the top-rope onto Flair. Back in the ring, Michaels tried to go for his Sweet Chin Music, but stopped in the process and Flair capitalized by trapping him in his figure four leglock. Afterwards, Michaels finally delivered a Sweet Chin Music to Flair, but the latter kicked out to the pinfall attempt. Michaels then, trapped Flair in his modified figure four leglock, but Flair delivered a thumb to the eye to Michaels to break the submission. As Flair was delivering chops to Michaels, the latter hit a second Sweet Chin Music. After getting up on his feet with a worried face, Michaels said to Flair "I'm sorry, I love you", before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 36-year long wrestling career. After the match, Michaels left quickly and Flair got a standing ovation from the crowd. An emotional Flair embraced his family at ringside and then, as he proceeded to go backstage, thanked the crowd for their support.

The sixth match was the Playboy BunnyMania Lumberjack match, in which Maria and Ashley faced Beth Phoenix and Melina, who were accompanied to the ring by Santino Marella. Snoop Dogg served as the official "Master of Ceremonies" for this match. Due to some technical difficulties, the lights at Citrus Bowl temporarily went out during the match. Near the end, a pin attempt by Maria was prevented when Santino pulled Maria's leg. In response, Raw commentator Jerry Lawler approached and knocked Marella down with a punch. With a Fisherman suplex, Phoenix pinned Maria to win the match. After the match, Snoop Dogg clotheslined Marella in the ring and kissed Maria, before leaving with her and Ashley.

Randy Orton defended his WWE Championship against Triple H and John Cena in a Triple Threat match next. For his entrance, Cena had a marching band perform an instrumental version of his theme song ""The Time Is Now"" live. During the match, when Triple H had held Orton in a sleeper hold, Cena picked up both Orton and Triple H for an FU, but Triple H dropped down and low blowed him. Orton dominated the match for some time. One hightlight of the match featured Orton performing a crossbody from the top rope on Cena, while the latter was held on Triple H's shoulders in an electric chair position. Also, Orton delivered a double elevated DDT from the second rope to both Cena and Triple H simultaneously. Orton then tried to RKO Cena, but he countered and threw Orton onto Triple H. Then, Triple H started targeting Orton's legs and using some submissions on him. The match's finish came when Triple H countered Cena's FU into a Pedigree, but when he covered Cena, Orton punted on Triple H's head and himself pinned Cena to retain his WWE Championship.

The next match was the No Disqualification match between The Big Show and Floyd Mayweather, Jr.. Early in the match, Mayweather repeatedly escaped Big Show's grasp and delivered body shots to him. Soon, Mayweather put a sleeper hold on Big Show, but the latter escaped out of it before passing out and stomped on Mayweather's hand. Mayweather and his accomplices tried to "walk out" of the match, but Big Show walked up the ramp and brought Mayweather back in the ring. As Big Show was about to chokeslam Mayweather, one of Mayweather's accomplices struck a steel chair on Big Show's back, and the latter chokeslammed him in retaliation. Capitalizing from this distraction, Mayweather grabbed that chair and hit Big Show multiple times on the head with it. Finally, Mayweather removed his right glove and put on a pair of brass knuckles to hit Big Show in the face. Thus, Big Show was knocked out as he could not answer the referee's ten count and Mayweather was declared the winner.

The main event and last match of the night was Edge putting his World Heavyweight Championship on the line against the number one contender The Undertaker.

As the second WrestleMania to be held outdoors the whole time, WWE chairman Vince McMahon early on said that the show will go on, no matter what the weather is. In the March 2008 issue of WWE Magazine, WWE set designer Jason Robinson revealed that a steel rig with a tarpaulin roof would be built above the ring itself to prevent rain. In that same issue, an initial design of the ring setup was revealed showing a bigger rig surrounding the tarpaulin rig, with lighting and two giant screens attached. The bigger rig was dropped from the final design with the lighting and video screens now featuring on the tarpaulin rig as well as the sound system. During an interview, WWE production manager Brian Petree mentioned that video reinforcement should prevent anyone from being obstructed by the steel structure. Up to seven generators were used to power up the show.

The set design for the entrance stage was at the north end of the stadium and consisted of another steel structure with various video screens hanging from it. The steel beams for the structure were custom built in Belgium and shipped over to Orlando. According to WWE Magazine, the amount of pyrotechnics used would be ten times that of the amount used on "Raw". Without the restriction of a roof, the pyrotechnics for the show shot as high as 2,000 ft as compared to WrestleMania 23's height of 150 ft. The fireworks were set off from boats on one of the lakes nearby the stadium. WWE has been said to have spent an estimated $300,000 on the fireworks alone. After the show, WWE was criticized for a malfunction in the pyrotechnics during The Undertaker's victory celebration. During the celebration, a hot cable for pyrotechnics was sent flying into audience members in the upper seating bowl of the stadium, leaving 45 injured with some hospitalized. The accident was apparently due to a cable which fireworks were travelling across snapping, thus resulting in the fireworks exploding into the top rows of the upper bowl of the stadium. WWE's corporate website released a statement afterwards stating that they will investigate the incident.

With the Citrus Bowl's locker rooms on the south side and the entrance set on the north side, a tented 40,000 ft² mini-city outside the north end served as the show's backstage area and included air conditioning, trailers, VIP areas, showers and restrooms. As a consequence, the road next to the north end zone, W. Church Street, was closed down until a day after the event. Numerous other roads were also closed to allow trucks and fork lifts to move in mega equipment for the event. The ring itself was built on the 50-yard line of the Citrus Bowl to give the best view for fans. Heavy-duty plastic flooring had been put over the field, to protect the turf, provide seating and serve as the steel structures' foundation.

Development on the set design began in the middle of 2007. The building of the actual set began in the middle of March. 100 people worked 16 hours a day to construct the set for the event. The construction finished on March 29.

WrestleMania XXIV was the first WrestleMania event to be filmed in high-definition. It will also be the first WWE show to be released on the Blu-ray Disc format by WWE Home Video.



Nazim

A Nazim is a person who is responsible for administration of cities, districts and the Union Councils of Pakistan. The job of a Nazim is similar to that of a mayor.

Dogon people

The Dogon are a group of people who live in Mali in West Africa. They live south of the River Niger near the city of Bandiagara. They are famous for their types of stories, dancing, buildings and art. They make wooden statues.


Ipswich

Ipswich is a large town in the East Anglian county of Suffolk England. It is the county town of Suffolk. It is near the estuary of the River Orwell. 117,069 people live there. In the Tudor period Ipswich was famous for the Wool Trade and there are still a lot of Tudor buildings which survive to this day. Thomas Wolsey, who was a famous adviser to Henry VIII was born in Ipswich. In modern times Ipswich became infamous as in 2006 a serial killer murdered five sex workers over a short space of time.

The town is home to Ipswich Town F.C., an association football team. They play in the town at a stadium called Portman Road.

Ipswich is one of the oldest towns in England.

Self-esteem

Self-esteem is the way people think about themselves and how worthwhile they feel. Psychologists use the word self-esteem to describe whether someone likes themselves or not. Someone with high self-esteem might think that they are good at things, worthwhile, and may be confident in the things that they do. Someone with low self-esteem might think that they are bad at things and/or worthless. Different psychologists have different ways of measuring self-esteem, and many people do not agree on what it means. Some people may think that self-esteem is linked to anxiety, depression, eating disorders and bullying. Some people may also injure themselves if they suffer from a low self-esteem.

Self-esteem also considered by the international law on human rights, such as Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and Yogyakarta Principles, affirm that each person's self-esteem must be protected against any kind of abuse or violence out of social prejudices and discriminations.

The World Health Organization also thinks building strong self-esteem is important to prevent the suicide of students as well as prevent bullying by tolerance.

Freetown Christiania

Freetown Christiania, commonly just called Christiania, is a Danish special community. The village is partially self-governing with 850 inhabitants, and has an area of 85 acres near the capital of Denmark, Copenhagen. The Freetown has often been in the centre of controversies since its creation in an empty military area in 1971. In the Freetown, cannabis was legal until 2004. Inhabitants of Christiania are called "Christianites". Christiania has become home to several businesses such as carpenters, blacksmiths, a bikeshop, as well as several cafés, restaurants, jazz, blues and night clubs.

In 2007, the National Heritage Agency proposed protection status for some of military buildings, now in Christiania. These are:

After the military had left, the area was only guarded by a few watchmen and sometimes of homeless people went in the area for sleep or for living there.On 4 September, 1971, neighbours of the area broke down a wall for making a place where their children could play.On 26 September, 1971, Christiania was opend to people by Jacob Ludvigsen, a well-known provo and journalist who published a magazine called "Hovedbladet" ('The main paper'). In the paper, Ludvigsen wrote an article in which he and five others went on exploration into what he called 'The Forbidden City of the Military'. The spirit of Christiania quickly developed into one of the hippie movement, the squatter movement, collectivism and anarchism, in contrast to the site's previous military use.

Meditation and yoga have always been popular activities for the Christianites, and for many years Christiania had their own internationally acclaimed theater group Solvognen, who, beyond their theater performances, also staged many happenings in Copenhagen and even throughout Sweden. Ludvigsen had always talked about drugs, hard drugs (now are illegal in Christiania) and soft drugs. The "problem" of drugs made Christiania really famous, and the most know part of the Freetown.
The neighbourhood of the Freetown is accessible through many entrances and cars are not allowed.Danish authorities have repeatedly removed the large stones blocking the main entrance claiming they need access to the area for fire trucks and ambulances in the event of a fire or medical emergency, yet the residents respond by placing them back each time as they feel attacks by the authorities. The people in Christiania have developed their rules, without the Danish government. The rules forbid stealing, violence, guns, knives, bulletproof and hard drugs. A famous street in the Freetown is known as "Pusher Street", where hash and Skunk weed were sold openly from permanent stands until 2004, it nevertheless does have rules forbidding hard drugs, such as cocaine, speed, ecstasy and heroin. The commerce is not really clean, but since the rules require a consensus they cannot be removed unless everybody agrees. The Since 1994, residents have paid taxes and fees for water, electricity, trash disposal, etc. The future of the area remains in doubt. In the street photos are forbidden.

On April 24, 2005, a 26-year-old Christiania resident was killed and three other residents injured in a violent gang assassination on Pusher Street. The reason for this was a fight between few Christianites and people from the hash, market of Copenhagen.

On May 14, 2007 workers from the governmental Forest and Nature Agency with help from the police, entered Christiania to destroy the abandoned building of "Cigarkassen" ('the cigar box'). They were met by angry and scared Christianites who feared that the police were going to demolish other houses too. Road blocks were built and the trucks were sabotaged so that they could not move. After the police then entered the Freetown and Christianites attacked the policemen with fireworks and stones, and built barricades in the street outside Christiania gate. The police used tear gas on the people. The police later had to retreat from Christiania. The riot continued over night. At the entrances the Christianites bombarded the police with stones and Molotov cocktails forcing them to retreat. More than 50 Christiania activists and rioters from outside were arrested.

Since the 1970s the Gay House (Bøssehuset), one of Christiania's autonomous institutions, had been a centre for gay activism, parties and theatre. The house was very famous in Denmark for humorist and artistic variety shows, and became a meeting point for all homosexuals in Copenhagen. During the 1980s and 1990s the original pioneers aging and some deceased, the house was left with little activity which was not revived until the early 2000s, when a group of young gay performers and activists, Dunst, were invited to take over the house so it could remain a centre for gay creativity. However, after 9 months they were asked to leave Christiania again. Primarily due to noise complaints. According to Dunst, neighbors would never readily accept them and the newcomers were accused of not understanding "the Christiania lifestyle" despite Dunst claim that they introduced a democratic management form and established open workshops for photography, art, music, dance, video. In 2004 Dunst participated in 'Christiania Distortion' (an event supported by Christiania) in a bus circling around the Freetown.

Around 1984 a biker gang had arrived in Christiania and conquered a part of the hash market. Violence on the premises increased at this period and many Christianites felt unsafe and unhappy with the new residents. This resulted in sabotage acts directed towards the bikers as well as the publication of several provocative manuscripts urging the Christianites to throw out the powerful and armed bikers. This tension culminated when the police found a murdered individual who had been sliced to pieces and buried beneath the floor of a building. Christiania reacted with two colossal community meetings—one outside the building—where it was agreed that the bikers had to leave. They did, and have never returned.

In Christiania cars are prohibited. However, 132 cars are owned by residents and need to be parked on the streets near the Freetown. In 2005, a parking space for only 14 cars outside the Freetown was created. In 2001 a few residents in one of Christiania's sections proposed to construct a parking lot for their cars which was rejected by other Christiania residents.

Since its opening, Christiania has been famous for its open cannabis trade, taking place in the famous central street called 'Pusher Street' - now Green Zone. Since 2003, however, the 'officially' open hash trade has been ended by authorities. However cannabis is still sold in the Freetown. Hard drugs, including heroin and cocaine, have been banned from Christiania since 1979 by the community's own rules.

In January 2006, the government proposed that Christiania would be turned into a mixed alternative community and residential area adding condominiums for 400 new residents. Current residents, now paying DKK 1450 (USD 250) per month, would be allowed to remain but need to begin paying normal rent for the facilities. Christiania has rejected this, fearing the Freetown would turn into a normal Copenhagen neighborhood. In particular, the concept of privately owned dwellings is claimed to be incompatible with Christiania's collective ownership.

In order to present a reasonable use of area after an eventual "cleaning", the Danish government commissioned an architectural competition. 17 proposals were received, of which only eight have met the formal competition requirements. All of the proposals were rejected by ojudges. The cost of the architectural competition was 850,000 Danish Kroner (113,000 Euro, 145,000 USD).



I'm Not There

I'm Not There is a Golden Globe Award-winning and Academy Award-nominated 2007 American biographical drama movie that is inspired by the life of musician Bob Dylan. Dylan is played by seven different actors in the movie: Marcus Carl Franklin, Ben Whishaw, Heath Ledger, Christian Bale, Richard Gere, and Cate Blanchett, who play people like Dylan but with different names.

The movie won and was nominated for several awards, including eight wins in "Best Supporting Actress" categories for Cate Blanchett, and Independent Spirit Award nomination for "Best Film".



Lanthanide

A lanthanide is one of a group of 15 elements that have atomic numbers 57 to 71. This is also known as the lanthanide series or lanthanoid series. This group starts at lanthanum and it ends at lutetium. All lanthanoids are f-block elements, meaning that electrons fill the 4f electron shell, except for lutetium which is a d-block lanthanoid. The lanthanoid series (Ln) is named after lanthanum.

Lanthanides are metals that are related to each other in how they behave. Most of them slowly turn into their hydroxides when they are placed into water, like the alkali metals. They usually form a coating of oxide when placed in the air, like most metals. Lanthanides, with Scandium and Yttrium, are called rare earth elements.
All the lanthanoids are silvery white soft metals and tarnish rapidly in air. The hardness increases with increasing atomic number.

Lanthanides are not abundant, and only small amounts are mined. Some have various uses in magnets, superconductors, chemical catalysts, and optical equipment such as lasers.

The New Zealand Story

The New Zealand Story is a video game released by the Taito Corporation in 1988. This game was released for coin operated machines, home computers and game consoles.

Ungdomshuset

Ungdomshuset (in English: "the Youth House") was the popular name of the building formally named Folkets Hus ("House of the People") on Jagtvej 69 in Nørrebro, Copenhagen. The Ungdomshuset was a meeting point for many anarchists, for the music in the underground scene and leftist groups from 1982 until 2007, when after a long conflict between the municipal government of Copenhagen and the people living there, was smashed. Police started to clear the building early on Thursday, 1 March 2007. Demolition began on 5 March 2007 and was completed two days later. Ever since the eviction in March 2007, former users and supporters have held weekly demonstrations for a new Ungdomshuset, the demonstrations starting from nearby square 'Blågårds Plads' every Thursday at 5 p.m. and going to various places in Copenhagen. The starting point has recently been changed to Gammel Torv in response to the demonstraters saying they are getting closer to the politicians concerning a solution for a new Ungdomshus at an old school.In the summer of 2007, an initiative known as G13 wanted to squat an old public waterwork on Grøndalsvænge Allé 13 in northwestern Copenhagen to be used as a new Ungdomshuset, the squat was non-violent, but was met with heavy opposition from the police who arrested 436 people and threw large amounts of tear gas

The building was completed on 12 November 1897, with the name "Folkets Hus" ("The People's House"). The house functioned as one of the resorts for the then-incipient labour movement of Copenhagen. Since labour organisations were unpopular in the eyes of the authorities. Years later the place helped poor people and was used for others uses. In 1918 when workers stormed the Danish Stock Exchange ("Børsen"). In 1910, The Second International held an International Women's conference at the house, during which Clara Zetkin launched the idea of an International Women's Day. Lenin and Rosa Luxemburg visited the centre. During the 1950s it was still primarily used by the different sections, associations and unions of the labour movement. All kinds of different activities took place: for example, boxing matches and end-of-season dances. Several years later Brugsen, a Danish chain of co-operative supermarkets, bought Folkets Hus, for making a cheap supermarket. However, as this was prohibited by authorities for the historic importance of the place, so Brugsen sold the ground to the folk music ensemble Tingluti in 1978. The Tingluti sold the ground to the municipality of Copenhagen after few time.The price at the time was DKK 700,000. In 1982 Folkets Hus was assigned to a group of young people — the original founders of Ungdomshuset — however the municipality of Copenhagen still owned the building. It was at this time that the building was given its current name: Ungdomshuset. Nick Cave and Björk played there. In January 1996 Ungdomshuset was ravaged by a fire. It also had fungus and rot. The municipality of Copenhagen made plans to renovate the building for safety reasons, but encountered resistance from the occupants. In 1999 the building was put on sale to the highest bidder by the municipality, but at the same time occupants opposed to the thing, and for jokingly put over the building a large banner with the message ""For sale along with 500 autonome, stone throwing, violent psychopaths from hell."". After that a company called Human A/S bought the building in December 2000 (although ownership did not actually change hands until 2001), after which Human A/S was sold to the independent Christian sect "Faderhuset. However, the squatters refused to leave the house. Until 1 March 2007 the young squatters used the house as if the change of ownership had not happened and the new owners were not allowed inside at any time. The "Ungdomshuset" received more than 500 visitors a week.

Demolition of Ungdomshuset began at 8:00 am on 5 March 2007. The demolition was broadcast live by webcam on TV2 News' website. After the demolition of Ungdomshuset many riots began near the area for many days. Many cars were smashed and burned against the police.
A women's demonstration took place on 8 March, comprising more than 3 000 people. The police carried out systematic identity controls. In total, more than 750 people were arrested during the events (among them, about 140 foreigners). On 16 March, 2007, Danish police admitted to having mistakenly used a potentially lethal form of teargas. The gas, known as Ferret 40, was used against crowds during the riots following the demolition, although it is designed to penetrate doors and walls.

According to professor Lars Dencik, from the University of Roskilde, the Danish state used the opportunity of this evacuation to test its anti-terrorist security forces (as any other opportunity, or real danger, was non-existent).



Naib

The word "naib" (نائب) is an Arabic word meaning someone who is second in command.

It may also mean:



Bagh Union Council

Bagh is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It has two high schools GHS Bagh and GHS Kehal.

It is in the centre of the district, in the southern part of Abbottabad Tehsil, it is surrounded by the following Union Councils, to the north and east by Dhamtour, to the north by Sarbhana, to the east by Bagnotar, Namli Maira and Nagri Bala - and to the south by Dewal Manal.

The Union Council is divided into three areas:
Bagh, Kehial and Jaggian Kohalian.

Tehsil

A tehsil (also known as a mandal, taluka, taluk) is a unit of government in Pakistan and in the Republic of India - it is similar to a county. It usually consists of a town (possibly more towns) and the villages around the towns. 

In Pakistan, Tehsils are the second administrative division. They are further subdivided into Union Councils. Many Tehsils are grouped together into a "district" (Zillah). In Sindh the name "taluka" is generally used instead of tehsil.

In India, some states use "taluk" or "taluka", others use "tehsil". The "TK" often found in Indian addresses stands for Taluk. 

Paektu Mountain

Paektu Mountain (also called Baekdu Mountain) or Changbai Mountain is a volcano on the border between North Korea and China. This mountain is 54.5% in North Korean territory, 45.5% in China. The Korean name is Paektu-san or Baekdu-san, which means "white head mountain". The Chinese name is Changbai-shan, which means "snow that piles up on the large mountain". 

Paektu has a large caldera (crater lake). It is called Heaven Lake. Koreans call it "Cheon-ji" lake, Chinese call it "Tiandi" lake. It is 2,744 metres above sea level and is the highest mountain of all Korea. The Beijing Olympic torch was lit on Paektu/Changbai Mountain. Heaven Lake is a caldera made by a gigantic volcanic eruption in 969 AD (± 20 years) which had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 7. The 969 eruption, which is called the "Millennium" or "Tianchi" eruption, was one of the most violent eruptions in the last 5,000 years, comparable to the 180 AD "Hatepe eruption" of Lake Taupo and the 1815 eruption of Mount Tambora.

Pakistan Standard Time

PKT is the time zone used in Pakistan. It is 5 hours ahead of GMT/UTC.

In 2002, the government of Pakistan decided to use the Daylight Saving Time system. This meant that every year, clocks would be put forward by one hour on the night between the first Saturday and Sunday of April until 15 October when the clocks were put back. The experiment was not repeated again under the Musharraf Regime.

This was reused in 2008 by Raja Parvez Ashraf from 1 June 2008 to 31 October 2008 and again in 2009 from 15 April 2009 to 31 October 2009. The system has not been used since.



Dhamtour

Dhamtour or Dhamtor(, ) is a small rural suburb of Abbottabad Hazara, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is about 6 kilometers from Abbottabad city. It is known as the largest village of Abbottabad area. It is also a Union Council in Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The local language is Hindko, which is the main language of Hazara division. The area are has some rich cultural traditions. Dhamtour village is the gate way to many natural beauty places like Murree, Nathia Gali, Dungagali and Harnoi.

Dhamtour is at 34°7'60N 73°16'0E at a height of 1110 metres (3645 feet). It is to the west of Abbottabad city, and borders Sheikh-ul-Bandi to the north and Nagri Bala to the south.

Dhamtour is an old settlement and there used to be regular cattle and vegetable markets here before British rule.

Most of the people in this area are from the Jadoon tribe. Other tribes include Mughals, Gujjars ,Kashmiri, Syeds, and Awans.

The Union Council of Dhamtour is divided into the following areas: Banda Bazdar, Bandi Shoalian, Dhamtour, Guldhok, Jaswal, Nagaki, and Ukhreela.

George Town

Georgetown or George Town may refer to:














Chechen

Chechen might mean:


Balochistan

Balochistan or Baluchistan () may refer to:


Kate Beckinsale

Kathrin Romany Beckinsale (born 26 July 1973) is an English actress. She starred in the movies such as "Pearl Harbor" (2001), "Underworld" (2003) and "Van Helsing" (2004).

Kathrin Romany Beckinsale was born in Chiswick, London, England. She is the only child of actor Richard Beckinsale and actress Judy Loe. Her father was of one-quarter Burmese ancestry. 

She made her first television appearance at the age of four, in an episode of "This is Your Life" dedicated to her father. When she was five years old, her 31-year-old father died suddenly of a heart attack. Beckinsale was deeply traumatised by the loss and "started expecting bad things to happen". While she has seen her father "more on television than I have in life", "there are certainly enough memories for me not to feel that it's somebody I didn't know." 

Her widowed mother moved in with director Roy Battersby when Beckinsale was nine and she was brought up alongside his four sons and daughter. She has a close relationship with her stepfather: "I couldn't have knitted a better one ... He wasn't pushy, he let me come to him." She has a paternal half-sister, actress Samantha Beckinsale.


Printed circuit board

A printed circuit board (PCB) is a board made for connecting electronic components together. These are used in almost all computers and electronics today. 

The "card" is made of a material that does not conduct electricity, usually fiberglass. Usually copper is etched (set in thin lines) inside the board between the layers of fiberglass, or on the surface of the board. This makes the electricity go only where it is wanted.

Electronic components are then attached to this board using a metal to conduct electricity. The metal etched into the board allows electricity to travel from one component to another in electrical circuits. 

Boards can have many different parts which are connected and work together. The most common circuit boards are made in large numbers for a specific job, for example to run a computer, a mobile/cell phone or a television. Some circuit boards are made plain so a person can build their own for a new electrical task. Most things that use electricity have at least one circuit board inside of them that makes them run.

Flexible circuit boards are those that are made thin enough and of the right material to flex (bend). Rigid-flex boards are those that combine the features of the rigid boards and flex boards, hard at some points and bendable at some other points.

Printed circuit boards came from electrical connection systems that were used in the 1850s. Originally metal strips or rods were used to connect large electric components mounted on wooden bases. Later, the metal strips were replaced by wires connected to screw terminals, and wooden bases were replaced by metal frames. This let things be smaller, which was needed as circuits became more complex with more parts. Thomas Edison tested methods of using metals on linen paper. Arthur Berry in 1913 patented a print-and-etch method in Britain. In 1925, Charles Ducas of the United States developed a method using electroplating. He created an electrical path directly on an insulated surface by printing through a stencil (a shape cut into a board or paper) with special ink that could conduct electricity, just like wires could. This method was called "printed wiring" or "printed circuit."

In 1943, the Austrian Paul Eisler, working in the United Kingdom, patented a method of etching the conductive pattern, or circuits, on a layer of copper foil attached to a hard base that did not conduct electricity. Eisler's technique was noticed by the US military and they started to use it in new weapons including proximity fuzes in World War II. His idea became very useful in the 1950s when the transistor was introduced. Up to that point, vacuum tubes and other components were so large that the traditional mounting and wiring methods were all that was needed. With the introduction of transistors, however, the components became very small, and manufacturers needed to use printed circuit boards so the connections could also be small.

Plated through-hole technology and its use in multi-layer PCBs were patented by the U.S. firm Hazeltine in 1961. This allowed much more complex boards, with components placed closely together. Integrated circuit chips were introduced in the 1970s, and these components were quickly incorporated into printed circuit board design and manufacturing techniques. Today the Printed Circuit Board can have up to100 layers in some applications.

Surface-mount technology was developed in the 1960s and became widely used in the late 1990s. 

The main task in designing a PCB is figuring out where all the components are going to go. Normally there is a design or schematic that will be turned into a PCB. There is no such thing as a standard printed circuit board. Each board is designed for its own use and must be the right size to fit the required space. Board designers use computer-aided design software to layout the circuit designs on the board. The spaces between electrical paths can be 0.04 inches (1.0 mm) or smaller. The location of the holes for component leads or contact points are also laid out. Once the circuit pattern is laid out, a negative image is printed out at exact size on a clear plastic sheet. With a negative image, the areas that are not part of the circuit pattern are shown in black and the circuit pattern is shown as clear. The metal is then removed from the clear areas, usually with chemicals. This design is made into instructions for a computer-controlled drilling machine or for the automatic solder paste used in the manufacturing process.
The card is made with outer layers of copper. Unwanted copper is removed, leaving copper wires that will connect the electronic components. The components are placed on the board, making contact with the wires. 

Circuit boards are sometimes made with photolithography. A covering called photoresist reacts with light, and then the circuit board and covering are put in a developer. This method is expensive per board, but very cheap to set up in the beginning. 

There are, however, different methods of making a circuit board. Some professionally made circuit boards use a different method to remove extra copper from the circuit board. A process called silk screen printing is used. Silk-screening is when a cloth is pulled tight over a frame. Then an image is printed onto the cloth. Then ink is pressed through the cloth. The ink does not go where the image has been printed on the cloth. It is called silk-screening because the cloth is usually silk. The cloth is usually silk because it has very small holes. silk-screening is used to print an ink called resist onto the board. Resist is an ink that resists the etchant used to make the circuit board. Etchant dissolves the copper on the board. This is cheaper for each board than photo-resist, but is more expensive in the beginning.

Another way to make a circuit board is to use a mill. A mill is a drill that moves in many directions. The drill removes a small amount of copper each time it moves across the board. The mill removes the copper around the wires on the board. This leaves extra copper on the board. Other methods do not leave the extra copper on the board. This method is cheaper per board, but the equipment to make it is expensive. This method is not used often, because the other two methods are easier.


Pantera

Pantera was an American heavy metal band from Arlington, Texas, in the USA. They formed in 1981, but they did not have success until the 1990 release of their fifth studio album "Cowboys from Hell". From 1987 to 2003 the band consisted of members Phil Anselmo (vocals), "Dimebag Darrell" Abbott (guitar), Vinnie Paul (drums), and Rex Brown (bass). In 2003, the band broke up. On December 8, 2004, Dimebag Darrell was shot and killed by Nathan Gale during a Damageplan concert in Columbus, Ohio.

Pan's Labyrinth

Pan's Labyrinth (, literally "The Labyrinth of the Faun") is an Academy Award-winning Spanish language fantasy movie written and directed by Mexican movie-maker Guillermo del Toro.

"Pan's Labyrinth" takes place in two places, known as a dual setting: in the "real world" the story is set in Spain during 1944, and tells a story of a girl named Ofelia who is given three tasks by a mysterious faun. Meanwhile, her stepfather, the Falangist Captain Vidal, hunts the Spanish Maquis, guerrillas who continued fighting the Franco regime in the region, as her pregnant mother grows ill. The alternate setting is a secret "fantasy world" that Ofelia enters through an overgrown labyrinth garden, where she meets all manner of strange and magical creatures who become central to her story. The movie uses make-up, puppetry, and CGI effects to create its creatures.

The director of this movie, Del Toro said that he thinks the story to be a fable, influenced by fairy tales, and that it focuses on and continues themes related to his earlier movie "The Devil's Backbone", a spiritual sequel, though not an actual sequel. The original Spanish title refers to the mythological fauns of Roman mythology, while the English title refers specifically to the faun-like Greek god Pan (intended to help English-speakers differentiate the title from the term fawn). However, Del Toro has stated that the faun in the movie is not Pan.

The movie was first shown at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival. It was released in the United Kingdom on November 24, 2006. In the United States and Canada, the movie was given a limited release on December 29, 2006, with a nationwide release on January 19, 2007. "Pan's Labyrinth" has won numerous international awards, including three Academy Awards, the Ariel Award for Best Picture, and the 2007 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form.

List of rivers of Iowa

The following is a list of rivers in Iowa, by letter:


Transubstantiation

Transubstantiation is a teaching, and also a Catholic doctrine, which says that, after a priest consecrates them, the bread and wine at the Mass become the body and blood of Jesus, whom Christians believe is the son of God. According to the teaching of transubstantiation, although the appearance, smell, and taste of bread and wine remain, the substances of bread and wine have really changed into the body and blood of Jesus. 

Transubstantiation is also taught by some other Christian churches.

Christians who believe in transubstantiation believe that the bread they eat at Mass is the body of Jesus. They know that the bread still tastes like bread, looks like bread and smells like bread. It is just like bread, but it becomes the body of Jesus. The priest says prayers at Mass so that the bread and wine become the flesh and blood of Jesus.

This started when Jesus ate a meal called the Last Supper the night before he died. He said that the food his friends were eating was his body and blood. In the Gospel of Matthew 26:26, it says, "Take this [bread] all of you and eat it. This is my body which will be given up for you," which means that he would die for them. Then, in Matthew 26:27, Jesus said, "Take this [cup] all of you and drink from it. This is the cup of my blood, the blood of the new and everlasting covenant." This means that Jesus's blood would make a promise forever between God and his people. Then he said, "My blood will be shed for you and for all so that sins may be forgiven." This means that Jesus would die for everyone so their sins, or things they do wrong, could be forgiven. Then he said, "Do this in memory of me." This is Jesus commanding people to continue what he did. From that time until now, people have continued what Jesus did and it reminds them of the Last Supper.


Children of Bodom

Children of Bodom was a Finnish melodic death metal band from Espoo in Finland. Their name comes from the Lake Bodom murders. The band members were: Alexi Laiho (lead guitar and vocals), Daniel Freyberg (rhythm guitar), Janne Wirman (keyboards), Henkka Blacksmith (bass), Jaska Raatikainen (drums).



Timeline

Near-Earth asteroid

Near-Earth asteroids (NEAs) are asteroids whose orbits are close to Earth's orbit. A few tens of thousands have been found. Sometimes one crashes into earth. We try to find out if any are going to hit Earth using Asteroid impact prediction. Two near-Earth asteroids have been visited by spacecraft: 433 Eros, by NASA's Near Earth Asteroid Rendezvous probe and 25143 Itokawa, by the JAXA Hayabusa mission.


Abbottabad Central

Abbottabad Central is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in Abbottabad city, the capital of the district, it borders the following Union Councils, Malikpura Urban to the north and west, by Salhad to the south and by Dhamtour to the east.

A part of Abbottabad Central comprises the Old Abbottabad Town, which had been originally founded in January 1853 by Major James Abbott and which in turn has two main sections the Civil Lines and the Military Cantonment. This old portion is a historical place of considerable significance to the period of the British Raj. The Old "Saddar" (Main/Central) Bazaar, St Luke's Church, Abbottabad, the Old Christian Cemetery Abbottabad, the Lady Garden Park, the Abbottabad Club and several other old British Indian Army structures are found here.

Subahdar

A Naib Nazim, or deputy Nazim, is an elected government official in Pakistan. The word Naib means assistant or deputy while Nazim is similar to a mayor, so a Naib Nazim is similar in to a deputy mayor.

Cherbourg-Octeville

Cherbourg-Octeville is a city in France. It is in the region of Normandy, and in the Département of Manche. 43,000 people live inside the city and 117,000 near or in the city.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Cherbourg-en-Cotentin.

Cherbourg is twinned with:

3 Inches of Blood

3 Inches of Blood was a metal band from Vancouver, Canada. They were founded in 2000 and dissolved in 2015. The band's style is a mixture between Power Metal and NWOBHM of the 1970s. 





List of rivers of Kansas

This is a list of rivers in Kansas:


List of rivers of Kentucky

This is a list of rivers in Kentucky:


List of rivers of Louisiana

The following is a list of rivers in Louisiana, by letter:

List of rivers of Maine

The following is a list of rivers in Maine, by region:







Federal Council (Switzerland)

The Swiss Federal Council (, , , ) is the group of seven people who are the federal government of Switzerland. As Switzerland does not have one person as "President", the Federal Council is also the head of state.

The whole council is responsible for leading the federal administration of Switzerland, but each Councillor runs one of the seven federal ministries. As of 2023, the members of the Federal Council are, in order of seniority:
The Federal Council was set up by the 1848 Federal Constitution as the "supreme executive and directorial authority of the Confederation".

When the Constitution was written, constitutional democracy was still in its infancy, and the founding fathers of Switzerland had little in the way of examples. Switzerland has a long tradition of being governed by a council of representatives instead of one powerful ruler, so while they drew heavily on the U.S. Constitution for the organisation of the federal state as a whole, they opted for the council rather than the presidential system for the executive branch of government.) .

Today, only three other states, Andorra, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and San Marino have more than one person act as head of state at a time. The collegial system of government is often used for government. Many countries have a form of cabinet government with collective responsibility (that is, all ministers in the cabinet support the decision of the cabinet as a whole).

After the 1959 elections a "Zauberformel" or "magical formula" was invented. The formula works out how many members of the Federal Council each political party has, and showed that the Federal Council is always a voluntary grand coalition.

Based on their strengths in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows:

The FDP and CVP have been getting less popular, and more people have supported the SVP and SPS. After the 2003 elections, the SVP asked for a CVP Council seat for their leader Christoph Blocher and threatened to otherwise leave the government. After the 2007 elections Blocher was replaced by another member of the CVP, so the strength of the parties is still:


Women did not get the federal vote until 1971. The first woman to be an official candidate was Lilian Uchtenhagen in 1983.

In total, only six out of 109 Councillors (or out of 27 Councillors elected since 1971) have been women:


Each year, one of the seven Councillors is elected by the Federal Assembly as "President of the Confederation". The Federal Assembly also elects a Vice President. By convention, the positions of President and Vice President rotate annually, each Councillor thus becoming Vice President and then President every seven years while in office. The same person cannot be President two years in a row, or be elected Vice President in the years after he has been President.

According to the Swiss order of precedence, the President of the Confederation is the highest-ranking Swiss official. He or she presides over Council meetings and carries out certain representative functions that, in other countries, are the business of the Head of State. In urgent situations where a Council decision cannot be made in time, he or she is empowered to act on behalf of the whole Council. Apart from that, though, he or she is a "primus inter pares", having no power above and beyond the other six Councillors.

The President is not the Swiss head of state (this function is carried out by the Council acting together). However the President acts and is recognized as head of state while conducting official visits abroad, as the members of the Council never leave the country at the same time. More often, though, official visits abroad are carried out by the head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs. Visiting heads of state are received by all the Federal Council together.

The Federal Council meets each Wednesday at the "Bundeshaus" in Bern, the seat of the Swiss federal government.

Apart from the seven Councillors, the following officials also attend the meetings:

After the meetings, the Councillors always take lunch together. The Council also meets regularly in conclave to discuss important topics at length, and annually conducts what is colloquially referred to as its "school excursion", a day trip to some attractions in the President's home canton. In that and other respects, the Council operates not unlike a board of directors of a major corporation.

Each Federal Councillor heads a government department, much like the ministers in the governments of other countries. Colloquially and by the press, they are often referred to as ministers. For example, the head of the Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sportsis often called the "minister of defence". However, as Council members, they are not only responsible for their own department, but also for the business of their colleagues' departments as well, and for the conduct of the government and the federal administration as a whole.

The meetings of the Federal Council and the result of the votes taken are not open to the public, and the records remain sealed for 50 years. This has lately been the subject of some criticism. In particular, the parties at the ends of the political spectrum argue that this secrecy is contrary to the principle of transparency. However, the Council has always said that secrecy is necessary to reach consensus and to preserve the collegiality and political independence of the individual Councillors.

Despite the secrecy rule, details of the votes and the arguments in Council are sometimes leaked to the press, resulting in (generally fruitless) investigations and criminal prosecutions of the leaking staff member.

Due to the Federal Council's unique nature as a voluntary grand coalition of political opponents, its operation is subject to numerous constitutional conventions. Most notable is the principle of collegiality; that is, the Councillors are supposed not to publicly criticise one another, even though they are often political opponents. In effect, they are expected to publicly support all decisions of the Council, even against their own personal opinion or that of their political party. In the eye of many observers, this convention has become rather strained after the 2003 elections (see below).

The members of the Federal Council are elected for a term of four years by both chambers of the federal parliament sitting together as the Federal Assembly. Each Councillor is elected individually by secret ballot by an absolute majority of votes. Every adult Swiss citizen is eligible, but in practice, only Members of Parliament or more rarely, members of Cantonal governments are nominated by the political parties and receive a substantial amount of votes. The voting is conducted in several rounds: in the first two rounds, anyone can enter their name; but in subsequent rounds, the person receiving the least votes is removed from the race until one candidate gains an absolute majority.

With Council seats allocated to parties by unwritten agreement (see above), Federal Council elections generally are unexciting, pleasant affairs. Usually, the party which has a seat to fill presents two candidates with mainstream viewpoints to the United Federal Assembly, which then chooses one. This was not so, however, during the 2003 election, which was the most controversial in recent memory (see also above).

Once elected, Councillors remain members of their political parties, but hold no leading office with them. In fact, they usually maintain a certain political distance from the party leadership, because under the rules of collegiality, they will often have to publicly promote a Council decision which does not match the political conviction of their party (or of themselves).

Once elected for a four-year-term, Federal Councillors can neither be voted out of office by a motion of no confidence nor can they be impeached. Re-election is possible for an indefinite number of terms, and it has historically been extremely rare for Parliament not to re-elect a sitting Councillor. This has only happened four times - to Ulrich Ochsenbein in 1854, to Jean-Jacques Challet-Venel in 1872, to Ruth Metzler-Arnold in 2003 and to Christoph Blocher in 2007. In practice, therefore, Councillors serve until they decide to resign and retire to private life, usually after three to five terms of office.

Unlike most senior members of government in other countries, the Federal Councillors are not entitled to an official residence. Mostly, they have chosen to rent apartments or hotel suites in Bern (at their own expense); the only contemporary exception being Moritz Leuenberger, who daily commutes by train from Zürich to Bern. However, they are entitled to use the Federal Council's country estate, Lohn, for holidays; this estate is also used to host official guests of the Swiss Confederation.

Councillors can have an Army security detail if they need personal protection (in particular during official events). But often one can meet them without any escort at all in the streets, restaurants and tramways of Bern. Councillors are also entitled to a personal bailiff ("Weibel") who accompanies them, in a colourful uniform, to official events. This tradition goes back through the republican governments of the ancient Swiss cantons, right back to the lictors of the ancient Roman Republic.

The spouses of Councillors do not play an official part in the business of government, apart from accompanying the Councillors to official receptions.

Federal Councillors draw a yearly remuneration of about CHF 400,000 (circa EUR 256,000 / USD 404,000). After completing a full term of office, they are entitled to a perennial yearly pension of half that amount after leaving office.

While Councillors are forbidden by law to hold any other post during their term of office, it is not unusual for them to accept lucrative business engagements after leaving office, e.g., on the board of directors of major Swiss corporations.

Federal Councillors, like Members of Parliament, enjoy absolute legal immunity for all statements made in their official capacity.

For crimes not relating to their official capacity, they can be prosecuted only with the permission of the Federal Council as a whole while in office. The prosecutor can appeal a refusal to grant permission to the Federal Assembly.

Prosecution for crimes and misdemeanors that do relate to the Councillors' official capacity requires the assent of the Federal Assembly. In such cases, Parliament can also suspend the Councillor in office (but not actually remove her or him).

According to statements to the media by a Federal Chancellory official, in none of the few cases of accusations against a Federal Councillor has the permission to prosecute ever been granted. Such cases usually involved statements considered offensive by members of the public. However, one unnamed Councillor involved in a traffic accident immediately prior to his date of resignation was reported to have voluntarily waived his immunity, and Councillor Elisabeth Kopp decided to resign upon facing an inquiry over allegations of secrecy violations.

Historically, the collegial government of Switzerland has been assessed both internationally and nationally as exceptionally competent and stable. The Federal Council as a whole (although not individual members) has consistently maintained public approval and confidence rates in excess of sixty percent, possibly also because under the Swiss system of direct democracy, voters can vent their displeasure with government decisions when deciding individual issues at the ballot box.

However, lately there has been a growing contention that the Federal Council is often too slow to respond to the needs of the moment, too resistant to change and too weak to lead the powerful federal bureaucracy. Various changes have been proposed to address these issues, including expanding the powers of the presidency, expanding the Federal Council itself or adding a second layer of ministers between the Council and the departments. None of these proposals has yet borne fruit, however.





Zurich (disambiguation)

Zürich is a city in Switzerland. It may also mean:


Bengal

Bengal is a divided region in South Asia that is split between two countries - Bangladesh and India. Both parts used to be united, although historically part of British India; today West Bengal is part of India and "East Bengal" is Bangladesh. It contains the Ganges Delta, the largest in the world.


Colloquy

Colloquy could mean:

World Wrestling Entertainment programs

World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) has a wide range of shows all over the world, including television, movies, online, video on demand and pay-per-views. 

WWE currently runs with three major shows on television. They are: "Raw", "Friday Night SmackDown!", "WWE Superstars" and "ECW". WWE also airs recap shows: "A.M. Raw" (not in UK), "The WWE Experience", "Bottom Line", and "Afterburn".

Since WWE's departure from Spike TV in the United States, WWE has moved "Heat" on to their website as a webcast, while overseas it is still shown as a regular television program. The latest episode of Heat is put up on WWE.com every Friday afternoon. Other webcasts such as "WWE Rollin", "WWE Sidesplitters" and "WWE Uncut" can be found in the "All Videos" section of WWE.com.

World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) has had a large Web presence for years. In 1996 it was nominated for a Streaming Media Award and in 1999 for its online content.


FOX8 is currently the only network to air all televised shows in Australia. Times for programmes are as follows and are in EST:


WWE programming on Brazil is shown on FX Latin America, and later on, in December of 2007, by SBT (Brazilian Television System.)


WWE Programming shows on FX Latin America are not scheduled here, Raw and SmackDown! airs trough national aircasting station Repretel Canal 11 (Repretel channel 11)



The BOX is currently the only network to air all television shows in New Zealand.

WWE Programming shows on FX Latin America and ATV Andina de Radio Difusión in Peru.


In the Philippines, WWE programming is shown on Jack TV, and Associated Broadcasting Company (ABC). All times are in Philippine Standard Time
In Portugal, WWE programming is shown on SIC Radical, and on TVI


TEN Sports airs WWE programs in South Asian countries such as Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Maldives, and Bhutan, etc. 



Most of WWE's programs are shown on Sky Sports 3 apart from "WWE Experience", "Saturday Night's Main Event" and pay-per-views.


Since 2003, WWE has produced its own movie productions. Instead of focusing on wrestling movies, WWE produces movies that are non-wrestling related. WWE and Vince McMahon were credited for production of the movies "The Scorpion King", "The Rundown" and "Walking Tall" all starring The Rock (Dwayne Johnson). 

WWE movies has since ventured in on their own, releasing, "See No Evil", a horror movie, starring Kane and also "The Marine", an action movie starring John Cena. WWE has also noted that Steve Austin has agreed to star in three movie deals, the first being "The Condemned".

In 2004, WWE announced a new video on demand service for digital cable users, allowing subscribers to the service access to matches in the promotion's extensive video library. The programming is broken into six sections and features classic shows, matches, and features highlighting legends of wrestling.







WWE is currently one of the leaders in pay-per-view content for cable and satellite television. Pay-per-views account for approximately 25% of WWE revenues. There are fourteen live shows for North America, four for United Kingdom, four for Australia and two for Japan. The pay-per-view events WWE hold currently are:



Borat

Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is a 2006 British-American mockumentary (comedy movie) by English comedian Sacha Baron Cohen. The main character, Borat, is a rude, stupid reporter who interviews famous people and ordinary people. The movie was very popular, but also seen as wrong and offensive by some people. This is because it was seen as anti-semitic (against Jews) and racist (against black people). Sacha Baron Cohen says this is wrong and he is Jewish himself.
The movie received negative reactions of Kazakh people and the government, whereas the latter banned actor Sacha Baron Cohen from entering to Kazakhstan for his lifetime.

The plot of the movie is about Borat and his friend going to America from Kazakhstan to make a movie about America. Borat looks very stupid and ignorant in America. Borat falls in love with Pamela Anderson after seeing her on television in his hotel. He decides to go to see her while making the movie. He meets many people along the way, interviewing them.


Miley Stewart

Miley Ray Stewart, or Hannah Montana is a fictional character played by Miley Cyrus on the Disney Channel television show "Hannah Montana". She is the main character in the series. Hannah Montana is about Miley Stewart, a teenage school girl who, at night, lives as a pop star, Hannah Montana.

Miley Stewart is an ordinary teenager who has two lives, one as a school girl, the other as a pop star, Hannah Montana. She is from Tennessee, but now lives in California with her father Robby Ray, and brother Jackson. Robby was a singer like Miley, and now lives two lives as her father, and manager and producer.

Miley's mother died when she was young.> Roxy is Hannah Montana's bodyguard who protects the family, whether they want her to or not.

When Miley arrives at Seaview Middle School, she meets her best friends, Lilly Truscott and Oliver Oken. Lilly finds out that Miley is Hannah Montana in the first episode, when she breaks into Hannah's dressing room. In the second episode, Oliver's crush on Hannah Montana is shown, and because of this, Miley tells him her secret. In the second season, she begins to go to her brother's high school with Lilly and Oliver. Because of her two lives, Miley often has problems (such as sleeping in late on a school day after a concert).

Miley's enemies are Amber Addison (Shanica Knowles) and Ashley Dewitt (Anna Maria Perez de Tagle), who are constantly mean to her and her friends, but are huge fans of Hannah Montana. Later, she gets used to her school, and meets a famous actor, Jake Ryan. She has an on and off relationship with him.

Miley is famous for saying some phrases, such as "Ya think?!" whenever someone says the obvious, and "Sweet niblets!", when worried and scared. If someone says something crazy, Miley or Hannah will say something like "'Washed up ballplayer say what?'" as in Bye Bye Ball.

Miley also has a stuffed bear named Beary who has been seen in many episodes. She has had Beary since she was three (as revealed in "Me and Rico down by the schoolyard". Beary was destroyed in the episode "Bye Bye Ball", when Jackson was trying to kill a wasp, but Jackson was later able to fix him.

It has been shown that Miley's friends and most members of the Stewart family know that Miley is Hannah Montana. Below is the list of people mentioned in the series that know Miley's secret.

Nazareth

Nazareth () ( ' or '; ' or ') is the capital city of the north district of Israel. Most of the people in this city are Arabs (who are either Muslim or Christian). There are also some Jewish people. The city is very old and is also famous for being the city where it is believed Jesus grew up in the care of Mary and Joseph.

<br>

Scanlation

Scanlation (sometimes scanslation) is a word for manga comics which have been scanned and translated by fans from the language they were in before (usually Japanese or Korean) to a different language, usually English, French or Spanish.

KolibriOS

KolibriOS is a free and open source operating system written all in assembly. This makes it very fast and small. KolibriOS can fit on a floppy disk and run on a Pentium (and possibly on late 486) with 8 MB of RAM.

Obergösgen

Obergösgen is a municipality in the Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Oekingen

Oekingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Oensingen

Oensingen is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Olten

Olten is a city in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


O. J. Simpson

Orenthal James "O. J." Simpson (born July 9, 1947), also known by his nickname, The Juice, is a retired American football player and movie actor. He originally attained stardom as a running back at the collegiate and professional levels, and was the first NFL player to rush for more than 2,000 yards in a season. He later worked as an actor, spokesman, and broadcaster. O. J. Simpson is famous for being accused of murdering his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman in 1994.

O. J. Simpson was put on trial for the murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman in 1994. The court case took many months, and the newspapers and television news followed it closely. The criminal court in Los Angeles, California found that Simpson was not guilty of those murders in 1995. However, Goldman's family sued Simpson for wrongful death in civil court. In 1997, the civil court said Simpson was liable for their wrongful deaths, but to date he has paid little of the $33.5 million he was ordered to pay. In late 2006, Simpson wrote a book titled "If I Did It". The book is a first-person fictional story of the murder of Brown and Goldman if Simpson had done it. It was withdrawn by the publisher just before its release. The book was later released by the Goldman family and the title of the book was expanded to "If I Did It: Confessions of the Killer" (). As of March 2016, interest has grown in his murder case after a former police officer came forward with a knife that may have been used as the murder weapon.

In September 2007, Simpson faced more lawsuits, as he was arrested and subsequently charged with numerous felonies, including but not limited to robbery, burglary, assault, first-degree kidnapping with use of a deadly weapon (which carries a possible life sentence), coercion with use of a deadly weapon, conspiracy to commit robbery, conspiracy to commit kidnapping, and conspiracy to commit a crime. Simpson was convicted on all counts. He was imprisoned at the Lovelock Correctional Center in Lovelock, Nevada.

On July 20, 2017, Simpson was granted parole. He was released from prison on October 1, 2017.

Simpson played T.D. Parker in the TV series "1st & Ten: The Championship" from 1986 to 1991. In 1995 he won the Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor.

Woody Guthrie

Woodrow Wilson Guthrie, better known as Woody Guthrie (July 14, 1912 – October 3, 1967), was an American folk musician and songwriter, of the 20th century.

Guthrie was born Woodrow Wilson Guthrie in Okemah, Oklahoma. He was named after President Woodrow Wilson. 

Guthrie wrote over a thousand songs during his career. His more famous songs include "This Land Is Your Land", "Mail Myself To You", "This Train", "Bound For Glory", and "Hobo's Lullaby". One of his most famous albums was titled "Dust Bowl Ballads". He sang about the Great Depression, and the problems faced by farmers at the time of the Dust Bowl, when erosion and drought ruined millions of acres of farmland.

Guthrie recorded a series of songs for the United States government, about sexually transmitted diseases, that served as warnings to the public. Much of the time he appeared opposed to governments as he saw them, and also politics. Guthrie identified strongly with the Industrial Workers of the World, called the "Wobblies", and also the Communist Party, but he never joined either one. His songs, and his interpretations of older songs, spoke to people of many different beliefs. Many of his songs used old tunes, that he gave new words.

The composer names of most folk songs are lost to history, or their songs have been adapted so many times that they completely change form. Even though Guthrie and his songs were well-known, they came to be accepted as genuine folk songs. They appeared in songbooks, and were performed and recorded by many different artists, and also sung by amateurs and families at home. Guthrie worked with or influenced many later musicians.

Guthrie's career was cut short by the illness Huntington's disease. By the late 1940s, Guthrie's health was getting poor, and his behavior was getting very erratic. He had gotten various diagnoses (including alcoholism and schizophrenia), but in 1952, it was determined that he was dying from Huntington's disease, He inherited it from his mother. Worrying that he was a danger to their children, his wife, Marjorie, said he needed to go back to California without her. They finally divorced. Over a long period of time, the illness left him in a wheelchair, then finally unable to get out of bed, or even hold a guitar. 

He spent many years in a hospital, visited by his family and friends. Folk musician Pete Seeger was a regular visitor. One day, the young Bob Dylan came to visit Guthrie. He had hitchhiked from Minnesota to New York, to meet Guthrie. He played Guthrie "A Song to Woody", which he had written as a tribute. Guthrie liked Dylan, and invited him back. Dylan stayed with the Guthrie family, and became friends with thirteen-year-old Arlo Guthrie, who also became a musician.

Guthrie died in 1967, from the effects of Huntington's disease in New York City, aged 55. There have been many tributes made to Guthrie and his music through the years. Actor David Carradine played him in the movie Bound for Glory. Guthrie's songs are still sung today, and are a symbol of American life.



Seer Sharqi Bhattian

Seer Sharqi Bhattian is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the southeastern part of the province, bordering the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province.

Seer Sharqi Bhattian is named after the two main towns "Seer Sharqi" and "Bhattian", Seer Sharqi means eastern Seer, this is because there are two towns called Seer near to each other. The other Seer is known as Seer Gharbi (meaning western Seer)

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Bhatian, Seer Sharqi and Taror.


Bagnotar

Bagnotar is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 
Bagnator is on Abbottabad-Nathia Gali Road, 16 Kilometers away from Abbottabad city.

The Union Council Bagnotar is in central part of Abbottabad District in south-east of Abbottabad city - capital city of the district. Bagnotar is next to following union councils, to the north by Sarbhana, to the east and to the south by Namli Maira, and to the west by Bagh.

Union Council Bagnotar is divided into three subdivisions:

Chairman Sardar Muhammad Dilnawaz. 
Chairman Muhammad Jamil Abbasi.
Chairman Malik Iqbal Awan.

District Council Member: Sardar Saeed Anwar"."

Tehsil Council Member: Sardar Shuja Ahmed"."

updated by Muhammad Sajjad Jadoon Bagnotar.




The vegetation in Bagnotar is naturally grown. Both coniferous and deciduous species are present on a large area of the whole union council. The notable species are "Pinus wallichiana, Pinus roxburghii, Cedrus deodara, Taxus baccata, Diospyrus lotus, Salix tetrasperma, Quercus dilatata, Morus elba, Aesculus indica."

Clinton, Oneida County, New York

Clinton is a village in Oneida County, New York, United States. There were 1,683 people living in Clinton as of the 2020 census. It was named after George Clinton, the first governor of New York.


The village has an area of 0.6 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau. The village is east of the Oriskany Creek.

List of counties in Mississippi

The following is a list of 82 counties in the U.S. state of Mississippi:

Charleston, South Carolina

Charleston is a city in Charleston County in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It is the county seat and largest city of Charleston County. As of 2021, the city's population is about 151,612

Charleston was the capital of South Carolina until 1786 when Columbia became capital.

There are many suburbs in the metropolitan area:


There are many neighborhoods in the city of Charleston:









Hangu

Hangu can be any of the following:



Karak

The term Karak can mean any of the following:


Taunton, Massachusetts

Taunton is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. It is the seat of Bristol County and the hub of the Greater Taunton Area. As of the 2020 census, Taunton had 59,408 people living in it. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has an area of 48 square miles.

Taunton shares a sister city status with:



Gerhard Ertl

Gerhard Ertl (born 10 October 1936) is a German physicist in the Department of Physical Chemistry of the Fritz Haber Institute of the MPG . He was born on 10 October 1936 in Stuttgart, Germany. Professor Ertl won the Nobel prize for Chemistry in 2007.

Ertl’s research laid the foundation of modern surface chemistry, which has helped explain how fuel cells produce energy without pollution, how catalytic converters clean up car exhausts and even why iron rusts, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said. 

His work has paved the way for development of cleaner energy sources and will guide the development of fuel cells, said Astrid Graslund, secretary of the Nobel Committee for Chemistry. 

The Nobel academy said Ertl provided a detailed description of how chemical reactions take place on surfaces. His findings applied in both academic studies and industrial development, the academy said. “Surface chemistry can even explain the destruction of the ozone layer, as vital steps in the reaction actually take place on the surfaces of small crystals of ice in the stratosphere,” the award citation reads. 

Ertl and his wife Barbara have two children and several grandchildren. His hobbies include playing the piano and also playing with his cats.

Professor Ertl is an editor of the Handbook of Heterogeneous Catalysis

Professor Ertl studied physics at the Technical University of Stuttgart from 1955 to 1957. He studied at the University of Paris from 1957 to 1958 and then at Ludwig Maximillians University in Munich from 1958 to 1959. He returned to the Technical University of Stuttgart where he got a diplom of physics in 1961. Then he studied at the Technical University of Munich and got a PhD in 1965.

After getting his PhD, he stayed in Munich as an assistant and a lecturer between 1965 and 1968. Then, he moved to the Technical University of Hannover where he worked as Professor and Director from 1968 to 1973. In 1973, Professor Ertl returned to the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich to work as a professor at the Institute of Physical Chemistry. He worked there until 1986 and during this time was a regular visitor to the California Institute of Technology, the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and the University of California, in Berkeley where he worked as a visiting professor. In 1986, he became professor at the Free University of Berlin and the Technical University of Berlin. He was director at the Fritz Haber Institute of the MPG from 1986 and was also a professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin from 1996. Professor Ertl retired in 2004.

Professor Ertl studied the molecules of ammonia, iron, carbon monoxide and palladium to help make modern catalytic converters. He studied platinum to learn about its atoms.

Professor Ertl helped to develop new ways of using microscopes. One was called low-energy electron diffraction (LEED) used at the beginning of his career and later he worked on ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy (UPS) and scanning tunneling microscope (STM).

Professor Ertl and Gabor A. Somorjai won the Wolf Prize for Chemistry in 1998 for outstanding results in surface science and for discovering how crystals react to experiments. 
Professor Ertl was awarded the Nobel prize for chemistry in 2007 for more studies of surface science.


Francesco Hayez

Francesco Hayez (February 10, 1791, Venice – December 21, 1882, Milan) was the main artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century in Milan.

Notable works include:




John William Waterhouse

John William Waterhouse (6 April 1849 – 10 February 1917) was an English painter in the Pre-Raphaelite style. He worked after the breakup of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, and so was called "the modern Pre-Raphaelite". He was also influenced by his contemporaries, the Impressionists. His artworks were known for their depictions of women from both ancient Greek mythology and Arthurian legend.

Born in Italy to English parents who were both painters, he later moved to London, where he enrolled in the Royal Academy of Art. He soon began exhibiting at their annual summer exhibitions, focusing on the creation of large canvas works depicting scenes from the daily life and mythology of ancient Greece. Later on in his career he came to embrace the Pre-Raphaelite style of painting despite the fact that it had gone out of fashion in the British art scene several decades before. 

Although not as well known as earlier Pre-Raphaelite artists such as Dante Rossetti, John Millais and William Holman Hunt, Waterhouse's work is currently displayed at several major British art galleries, and the Royal Academy of Art organised a major retrospective of his work in 2009.

Toontown

Toontown is a common name for a fictional human-like city or town where cartoon characters, known as Toons, live.

In the 1988 movie "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", Toontown is a cartoonish city near Los Angeles.


Semantic Web

The Semantic Web is a project of the W3C that uses metadata, to write specific details related to a subject, to let computers better process the information on the internet. This plan, for saving additional semantic details, would make computers able to do more of the work involved in finding, sharing and combining information on the internet.

The Semantic Web is an idea of the inventor of the World Wide Web, Tim Berners Lee. He has wanted to make the web more intuitive about how to meet a user's needs. The semantics of information and services is defined in Web Ontology Language (OWL) and RDF Schemas. These are used to give a formal description of concepts, terms, and relationships within a given area of knowledge.

Tim Berners-Lee's idea was as follows:
The World Wide Web is based on HTML documents. The semantic web involves using Resource description Framework (RDF) that has data that computers use. The layout used in HTML will be stored separately such as in a CSS file. RDF and OWL can either supplement or replace the content of web documents (XHTML).

In this way, a machine can use the knowledge itself. By using the information in ways similar to human reasoning, it can create more meaningful results.

Langlade County, Wisconsin

Langlade County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 19,491 people living in Langlade County as of the year 2020. Its county seat is Antigo. The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of 888 square miles.




Adams County, Wisconsin

Adams County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 20,654 people living in Adams County as of the year 2020. Its county seat is Friendship. The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of 689 square miles.






Ligaria cuneifolia

Ligaria cuneifolia van Tigh, (syn. "Psittacanthus cuneifolius" (Ruiz et Pav.) Blume) is a shrubby, glabrous plant. It's fruit a globular berry. It is commonly known as “liga” (Argentina) or “quintral de espino” (Chile).



Hypersonic (disambiguation)

Hypersonic speeds are speeds that are highly supersonic.

Hypersonic can be any of the following:


Hypersonic speed

In aerodynamics, hypersonic speeds are speeds that are significantly faster than the speed of sound. Any speed faster than Mach 5 (five times faster than the speed of sound; 1,715 m/s at sea level) is said to be hypersonic. Hypersonic speeds are distinguished from supersonic speeds, because air and aircraft act very strangely at hypersonic speeds; even stranger than at supersonic speeds. 

When an aircraft is moving at hypersonic speeds, it is subject to certain special effects due to its speed. Some of these effects are:

As the plane goes faster, the density behind the shock wave increases. At the same time, the volume of the air behind the shock wave decreases. Because of this, the shock layer (the space between the aircraft's body and the shock wave) becomes very thin. This is important because it changes the way the plane has to be built.

As a plane goes faster, the entropy change across the shock wave increases. This results in a strong entropy gradient. This causes air around the aircraft to swirl like a vortex, in what is called "vortical flow." This is important because it mixes with what is called the "boundary layer" around the aircraft. A boundary layer is a small area of air around the plane which is moving slower than the air farther away from the aircraft. When the vortical flow mixes with the boundary layer, the boundary layer is disrupted, and the aircraft becomes very unstable.

At very high speeds, objects that are inside the atmosphere become very hot. This can cause the previously mentioned boundary layer of the plane to expand. When the boundary layer expands, the aircraft gets even hotter. Put simply, planes moving extremely fast experience lots and lots of drag and get very very hot. This process is caused by the viscosity of air, which is why this is called "viscous interaction."

The adjective "sonic" was first used in the 1920s, from the Latin sonus, or "sound." Ever since, it's been used not only to describe things relating to sound, but also things that travel as fast as sound.


Great Langton

Great Langton is a small village in the English county of North Yorkshire. It is 1.2 square miles in area and 116 people live there.

Leonid Hurwicz

Leonid Hurwicz (August 21, 1917 – June 24, 2008) was an American economist and mathematician. He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Economics.

Hurwicz invented the economic sciences of incentive compatibility and mechanism design. International economy and trade is studied using the ideas Professor Hurwicz had.

Hurwicz worked as Regents Professor of Economics (head teacher of economics) at the University of Minnesota. Professor Hurwicz believed that game theory is very important. Hurwicz shared the 2007 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with Eric Maskin and Roger Myerson for their work on ways mechanism design.

Professor Hurwicz was born in Moscow, Russia to a Jewish family a few months before the October Revolution. His family is Polish and had lived in Congress Kingdom (the part of Poland then in the Russian Empire) but they moved to Russia to escape World War I. Soon after Professor Hurwicz was born, the family returned to Warsaw, in Poland. Hurwicz and his family were treated very badly by the Bolsheviks and Nazis because they were Jewish. He became a refugee again when Hitler invaded Poland in 1939. His parents and brother ran away to Russia where they were arrested by the Soviets and sent to labor camps. Hurwicz was forced to move to Switzerland, then to Portugal and finally in 1940 he moved to the United States. His family joined him there after some time.

Hurwicz hired Evelyn Jensen to help him teach during the 1940s. She grew up on a Wisconsin farm and was studying economics at the University of Chicago. Leonid and Evelyn got married in 1944 and later, lived on the Mississippi River parkway in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They have four children called Sarah, Michael, Ruth and Maxim.

He has interests in linguistics, archaeology, biochemistry and music. He has researched for meteorology and is a member of the National Science Foundation department for trying to control the weather. When Eugene McCarthy ran for president of the United States (1968), Hurwicz was a Minnesota delegate to the Democratic Party Convention and a member of the Democratic Party Platform Committee.

Hurwicz died of renal failure in Minneapolis, Minnesota at the age of 90.

Professor Hurwiczs father wanted him to study law and he did. In 1938 Hurwicz got a degree from Warsaw University. He enjoyed studying in economics class and went to the London School of Economics with Nicholas Kaldor and Friedrich Hayek. In 1939 he moved to Geneva where he studied at the Graduate Institute of International Studies and studied Ludwig von Mises teaching. After moving to the United States he studied more economics at Harvard University and the University of Chicago. Professor Hurwicz does not have a degree in economics but he won the Nobel prize for economics in 2007. He said, "Whatever economics I learned, I learned by listening and learning."

In 1941 Hurwicz was helping Paul Samuelson to teach at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and helping Oskar Lange to teach at the University of Chicago. At Illinois Institute of Technology during the war, Hurwicz taught electronics to the U.S. Army Signal Corps. Then from 1942 to 1944, at the University of Chicago, he was a member of the faculty of the Institute of Meteorology and taught statistics in the Department of Economics. His advisors in 1942 were Jacob Marschak and Tjalling Koopmans of the University of Chicago, who now work for the Cowles Foundation at Yale University.

Hurwicz received a Guggenheim Fellowship for 1945–1946. In 1946 he became a professor of economics at Iowa State College. From January 1942 until June 1946, he was a researcher for the Cowles Commission. He worked full-time for the Cowles Commission until October 1950 until January 1951, he was a visiting professor, teaching at classes that were taught before by Professor Koopman in the Department of Economics, and he was a very important professor there. He was also a research professor of economics and statistics at the University of Illinois, a consultant to the RAND Corporation for the University of Chicago and a consultant to the U.S. government. Hurwicz continued to be a consultant to the Cowles Commission until about 1961.
Hurwicz was given a job by Walter Heller at the University of Minnesota in 1951, where he became a professor of economics and mathematics in the School of Business Administration. Most of his work for the rest of his life was in Minnesota, but he studied and was a teacher elsewhere in the United States and Asia. In 1955 and again in 1958 Hurwicz was a visiting professor, and a fellow on the second visit, at Stanford University and there in 1959 he published "Optimality and Informational Efficiency in Resource Allocation Processes" on making rules for buyers and sellers and governments share wealth. He taught at Bangalore University in 1965 and, during the 1980s, at Tokyo University, People's University (now Renmin University of China) and the University of Indonesia. In the United States he was a visiting professor at Harvard in 1969, at the University of California, Berkeley in 1976, at Northwestern University twice in 1988 and 1989, at the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1998, the California Institute of Technology in 1999 and the University of Michigan in 2002. He was a visiting Distinguished Professor at the University of Illinois in 2001.
In the University of Minnesota in 1961, Hurwicz became chairman of the Statistics Department, Regents Professor of Economics in 1969, and Curtis L. Carlson Regents Professor of Economics in 1989. He taught subjects ranging from theory to welfare economics, public economics, rules for large companies and mathematical economics. Although he retired from full-time teaching in 1988, Hurwicz taught graduate school as Professor Emeritus in the autumn of 2006. In 2007 his ongoing research was described by the University of Minnesota as "comparison and analysis of systems and techniques of economic organization, welfare economics, game-theoretic implementation of social choice goals, and modeling economic institutions." Professor Hurwiczs published works in these fields date back to 1944. Professor Hurwicz is known internationally for his good work researching economic theory, specially with rules for big businesses and governments using mathematical economics. In the 1950s, he worked with Kenneth Arrow on non-linear programming. Kenneth Arrow became the youngest person to receive the Nobel Economics prize in 1972. Hurwicz helped Daniel McFadden, who won a Nobel prize in 2000.

Hurwiczs work was important to help show how large economic systems should be studied. Some of these systems are capitalism and socialism. Professor Hurwiczs ideas of how to share wealth are also very important. The theory of incentive compatibility that Hurwicz developed changed the way many economists think about sharing in the future, explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how rewards for certain people make a difference when making decisions.

Hurwicz is part of teams who edit several journals. He co-edited and contributed to two collections for Cambridge University Press: "Studies in Resource Allocation Processes" (1978, with Kenneth Arrow) and "Social Goals and Social Organization" (1987, with David Schmeidler and Hugo Sonnenschein). His recent journals include "Economic Theory" (2003, with Thomas Marschak), "Review of Economic Design" (2001, with Stanley Reiter) and "Advances in Mathematical Economics" (2003, with Marcel K. Richter). Hurwicz has taught works by Fisher-Schultz (1963), Richard T. Ely (1972), David Kinley (1989) and Colin Clark (1997).

Hurwicz was voted to be a fellow of the Econometric Society in 1947 and in 1969 was the Econometric Societys president. Hurwicz was made part of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1965. In 1974 he was made a part of the National Academy of Sciences and in 1977 was made a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association. Hurwicz was given a National Medal of Science in 1990 by President of the United States George H. W. Bush, for studying Behaviorial and Social Science, given to him for his new work on the theories of how to share wealth in modern decentralization.

He served on the United Nations Economic Commission in 1948 and the United States National Research Council in 1954. In 1964 he was a member of the National Science Foundation Commission on Weather Modification. He is a member of the American Academy of Independent Scholars (1979) and a Distinguished Scholar of the California Institute of Technology (1984).

Hurwicz has received six honorary doctorates (PhD), from Northwestern University (1980), the University of Chicago (1993), Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona (1989), Keio University (1993), Warsaw School of Economics (1994) and Universität Bielefeld (2004). He is an honorary visiting professor of the Huazhong University of Science and Technology School of Economics (1984).

Some important things have been given Professor Hurwicz's name such as the Hurwicz criterion, an idea that Professor Hurwicz had in 1950, and is thought of as very important for economics. The Hurwicz Criterion is also called "under uncertainty". Hurwicz had the idea of putting Abraham Walds work together with work done by Pierre-Simon Laplace in 1812. The Hurwicz Criterion tells people to think very carefully of what is good and what is bad before making decisions. Different types of the Hurwicz Criterion have been thought of. Leonard Jimmie Savage made some changes to the first Hurwiczs criterion in 1954. The four peoples work – Laplace, Wald, Hurwicz and Savage – that the Hurwicz Criterion has been based on was studied, corrected and used for over fifty years by many different people including John Milnor, G. L. S. Shackle, Daniel Ellsberg, R. Duncan Luce and Howard Raiffa, but some people say the work was started by Jacob Bernoulli.

The Leonid Hurwicz Distinguished Lecture is given to the Minnesota Economic Association. John Ledyard (2007), Robert Lucas, Roger Myerson, Edward C. Prescott, James Quirk, Nancy Stokey and Neil Wallace are some of the people who have given the lecture since it was thought to be important in 1992.

In October 2007, Hurwicz shared "The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel" with Eric Maskin of the Institute for Advanced Study and Roger Myerson of the University of Chicago "for having laid the foundations of mechanism design theory." During a telephone interview, a member of the Nobel Foundation told Hurwicz and his wife that Hurwicz is the oldest person ever to win the Nobel Prize. Hurwicz said, "I hope that others who deserve it also got it." When he was asked what the most important part of mechanism design is, he said welfare economics. The three Nobel prize winners used game theory work by mathematician John Forbes Nash, to discover the best way to reach a good outcome, without forgetting individual people. Mechanism design has been used as a guide for talks and taxation, voting and elections, to design auctions such as those for communications bandwidth, elections and labor talks and for pricing business stocks.

Professor Hurwicz was not able to attend the Nobel Prize ceremony in Stockholm because of his age, Hurwicz received the prize in Minneapolis. Accompanied by Evelyn, his wife for sixty years, and his family, he was the most important guest at a meeting in the University of Minnesota with the university president Robert Bruininks. After watching the Nobel Prize awards ceremony on television, Jonas Hafstrom, the Swedish ambassador to the United States, awarded the Economics Prize to Professor Hurwicz.




Virtual private network

A virtual private network, or VPN is a set of technologies which are used to link computers to create a private network. Another network is used to carry the data, which is encrypted. The carrier network will see the packets of data which it routes. To the users of the VPN, it will look like the computers were directly connected to each other.

The VPN model can guarantee the following:

In a business context, VPNs are often used to connect different office locations or to allow people working from outside the company network to access its resources. VPNs are a crucial tool for securing sensitive data and enabling secure remote access for employees, especially with the rise of remote work. Businesses are turning to VPNs to create a secure and encrypted connection for employees accessing company data from remote locations, ensuring that work websites that cannot be accessed on the normal internet can be securely accessed. Additionally, VPNs provide a safe and encrypted connection for employees to access company resources, protecting sensitive data from cyber threats. 

Similarly, the encryption process allows VPNs to offer anonymity by hiding the user and making it very hard for anyone to track them. As a result, VPNs help make one's online activities on the web anonymous and undecipherable.

VPNs are often used to access websites that are blocked in some countries, like China. Many people also use a VPN to protect their internet activity while using public WiFi.

VPNs can also be used to connect corporate offices to the larger branch offices, also known as site-to-site VPN. This is because direct network connections are impractical between offices that are physically distant.
Common VPN protocols include OpenVPN, Cisco AnyConnect, and IPsec.



2. Farnaat. VPN Full Explanation ModzMania

Dial-up

Dial-up internet access, usually just called Dial-up, is a slow way of connecting to the Internet by using a telephone line. A modem is connected between a computer and a telephone line and then the modem is instructed to dial the phone number of an Internet service provider (ISP) to connect to the Internet. The ISP must be a dial-up service provider with several dial-up modems waiting to accept dial-up calls. This kind of internet is slower than DSL. 

In most parts of the world, dial-up service was the most common way of connecting to the internet in the late 20th century. Since the middle of the 2000s it has become uncommon, being largely replaced by DSL and cable modem where those are not too expensive. 

IPass

iPass Inc is an American multinational company headquartered in Redwood Shores, California. iPass provides Internet access on wireless-enabled devices. iPass was first incorporated in California in July 1996 and later reincorporated in Delaware in June 2000. The company’s stock was added to the NASDAQ on July 24, 2003.

iPass was founded in January 1996 by Chris Moore. Moore was replaced by Michael H. Mansouri, who took the position of Chairman, President and CEO in 1999, serving until 2001.Kenneth Denman succeeded Mansouri as President and CEO in 2001, later assuming the position of Chairman in 2003. 

In July 2003, iPass successfully issued its IPO, raising over $100 million.

In 2004, iPass launched a policy orchestration initiative to integrate patch management, assessment and remediation of remote and mobile computers into its connectivity platform. In pursuing this initiative, iPass acquired two companies in 2004: Safe3w, which developed patented dynamic device “fingerprinting” technology, and Mobile Automation, which specialized in mobile device management.

Two years later, iPass acquired GoRemote Internet Communications, a former rival in the corporate remote access market. In the midst of these acquisitions, iPass recorded year-end revenue growth, despite declining revenues from the company’s traditional dial-up business. In fact, total revenues grew to $192 million by the end of 2007.

In 2008, the company appointed Evan Kaplan as CEO and President to replace Denman. During Kaplan's tenure, iPass began to build a service delivery platform for its new enterprise mobility services. By January 2010, the company delivered the first version of its cloud-based platform, iPass Open Mobile.

2015 ushered in a change in iPass’ executive team, beginning with the appointment of Gary Griffiths to the position of CEO and President. Griffiths and his newly appointed Chief Commercial Officer, Patricia Hume, pursued a new growth strategy for mobility services, launching iPass Unlimited, a per-user, per-month, fixed fee subscription for unlimited Wi-Fi usage. iPass also prioritized strategic partner procurement in 2015, which resulted in the expansion of its network of global hotspots from 18 million to 50 million. The company also undertook enhancements to its products and applications. In November 2015, iPass announced proprietary technology, iPass SmartConnect.

iPass is a cloud-based service manager that connects users and devices to the company’s global Wi-Fi footprint.  In its most simple form, it is an application, downloaded by service users to laptops, tablets, or smartphones, to identify and connect to iPass hotspots. It is compatible with Automatic Credential Assignment.

Derived from the company’s connectivity intellectual property, the app is powered by iPass SmartConnect, iPass’ Wi-Fi service platform, which identifies and rates access points based on factors such as signal strength, speed, bandwidth availability, and connection success rate. iPass SmartConnect also incorporates Last Mile VPN security, profile settings, Wi-Fi connectivity, and network curation to expand the network of available hotspots.

The platform also includes a proprietary scalable reporting and transaction clearing back-end.

The company has a global authentication fabric of integrated servers and software, interconnected with over 160 distinct global Wi-Fi networks. This infrastructure gives the company’s aggregated hotspots the look and feel of iPass hotspots. With the addition of iPass SmartConnect, the architecture now opens avenues for improving connection success, real-time monitoring of network outages, and least-cost network routing .

iPass has a Wi-Fi network footprint and supply chain that consists of approximately 50 million hotspots in over 100 countries, including major airports, convention centers, planes, trains, train stations, hotels, restaurants, retail, and small business locations. This network footprint includes millions of community and free hotspots.


Shai Hulud (band)

Shai Hulud is a hardcore punk band with progressive metal influences formed in Pompano Beach, Florida in 1995.



Lloyds Bank

Lloyds TSB is one of world's largest banks. It is based on Gresham Street in the city of London and has business all over the world including the US, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Latin America.

Lloyds Banking Group is a British financial institution formed through the acquisition of HBOS by Lloyds TSB in 2009. It is one of the UK's largest financial services organisations, with 30 million customers and 65,000 employees. Lloyds Bank was founded in 1765 but the wider Group's heritage extends over 320 years, dating back to the founding of the Bank of Scotland by the Parliament of Scotland in 1695.

The Group's headquarters are located at 25 Gresham Street in the City of London, while its registered office is on The Mound in Edinburgh. It also operates office sites in Birmingham, Bristol, West Yorkshire and Glasgow. The Group also has extensive overseas operations in the US, Europe, the Middle East and Asia. Its headquarters for business in the European Union is in Berlin, Germany.

The business operates under a number of distinct brands, including Lloyds Bank, Halifax, Bank of Scotland and Scottish Widows. Former Chief Executive António Horta-Osório told "The Banker", "We will keep the different brands because the customers are very different in terms of attitude".

Lloyds Banking Group is listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of approximately £30.65 billion as of 1 August 2022 — the 19th-largest of any LSE listed company — and has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange in the form of American depositary receipts.

In 2009 Lloyds TSB merged with HBOS (Halifax Bank of Scotland) to make Lloyds Banking Group, this now uses three brands on the high street, Lloyds TSB, Halifax and Bank of Scotland.


Gresham Street

Gresham Street is a street in the City of London, it is named after Thomas Gresham and runs from St. Martin's Le Grand near St Paul's Cathedral in the west, past Guildhall, to Lothbury in the east.

Thomas Gresham

Sir Thomas Gresham (c. 1519 – 21 November 1579) was an English merchant who worked for King Edward VI of England and for Edward's half-sister Queen Elizabeth I of England. He was born in London in an old Norfolk family, he was the son of Sir Richard Gresham and had one brother and two sisters. Gresham's law was named after him in 1858.

List of Renaissance artists

Renaissance artists are artists from the Renaissance period of Europe, which started in the late 14th century (~1370). This list includes famous painters and sculptors.

Each artist is listed with their dates, place of birth, some places that they worked, their media (the type of artwork that they made), one or two most famous works and some art galleries where their works can be seen.

Louvre, National Gallery, London;

Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna
Metropolitan Museum, New York


Rose Bowl Game

The Rose Bowl Game is an American college football bowl game at the Rose Bowl (stadium) in Pasadena, California. It is known as the "granddaddy of them all" because it has been played every year since 1916. It is almost always played on January 1 after Pasadena's Rose Parade. For many years, the two teams who played were the winner of the Pac-10 (a football conference of colleges on the West Coast) and the winner of the Big 10 (a football conference of collleges in the Midwest). In 1998, the game became part of the Bowl Championship Series. USC has won the game 24 times.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> denotes BCS National Championship Game<br>
<nowiki>**</nowiki> Following the attack on Pearl Harbor, the 1942 game was moved to Duke University's Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina, as officials were wary of allowing such a large crowd to congregate anywhere on the West Coast due to World War II security concerns.


Fiesta Bowl

The Fiesta Bowl is an American college football bowl game at the University of Phoenix Stadium near Phoenix, Arizona. It is the newest of the BCS games, as it was first played in 1971. It has usually matched a team from the Western Athletic Conference or the Big 12 against a very good team from another conference.


Sugar Bowl

The Sugar Bowl is an American college football bowl game at the Louisiana Superdome.


Uffizi

The Uffizi Gallery (Italian: "Galleria degli Uffizi"), is one of the oldest and most famous art museums in the world. It is housed in the Palazzo degli Uffizi which means the "Palace of Offices" in Florence, Italy. 

In 1560, Cosimo I de' Medici, the Duke of Tuscany, ordered a design of new office buildings for the magistrates of Florence. This is why the building is called the ""Uffizi"" ("offices"). The designer was Giorgio Vasari and the buildings were continued by Alfonso Parigi and Bernardo Buontalenti and finished in 1581. 

The offices are in two parts which face each other across a courtyard. One end opens onto the town square and the other opens onto the River Arno. Varsari designed a sort of screen, like a backdrop in an Ancient Greek theatre. It has arches through which the view of the river can be seen. 

Duke Cosimo had a plan to arrange that finest works of art in the Medici families' collections on the upper floor. This was not done until the time of Francesco I. He also commissioned Buontalenti to design the most the famous room in the Uffizi, an octagonal room called the "Tribune of the Uffizi". This room contained many of the best paintings. Rich people would often send their sons on a "Grand Tour" of Europe. The Tribune of the Uffizi was one of the important sights on the tour. At first, people could only see the gallery by "request". (They would ask politely and perhaps be shown around.) The last Medici heiress, Anna Maria Lodovica, made an agreement with the city of Florence. In 1765 the Uffizi Gallery was officially opened to the public. 

The collection of artworks is so large that some of the works are in other museums in Florence. Many of the statues are in the Bargello. Today the Uffizi is one of the most popular tourist attractions of Florence. In high season (particularly in July), people sometimes have to wait for five hours.

Here are some of the famous paintings:

The collection also contains some famous ancient sculptures, such as the "Two Wrestlers".



Whitehall

Whitehall is a road in Westminster in London, England. It is the main street running north from Parliament Square, towards traditional Charing Cross, now at the southern end of Trafalgar Square and marked by the statue of Charles I, which is often regarded as the heart of London.

The name "Whitehall" is often used for governmental administration and as a geographic name for the district around it.

Whitehall was originally a wide road that ran up to the front of the palace. Trafalgar Square was built at its northern end in the early 19th century. The southernmost part by Parliament Square is named Parliament Street, but there is no longer any obvious difference between the two on the ground. Combined, the streets cover a total distance of about 0.6 mile (1 km).




Whitehall (disambiguation)

Whitehall is a street in London. It may also refer to:


Whitehall is also the name of several places.

In the United Kingdom:

In Ireland:

In the United States of America:



Dawlish Warren

Dawlish Warren is a small seaside resort. It is near Dawlish on the south coast of Devon, England. It is at the mouth of the Exe Estuary, and has a beach, a National Nature Reserve spanning 505 acres (2 km²) and a golf course. There is also one of Europe's largest spits in Dawlish Warren measuring over 1.5miles long and 0.5miles wide. There is a fence running down the centre of the spit to prevent people from wandering and falling into any deep parts of the salt marshes that have accumulated on the inside of the spit.


Fuchsia

Fuchsia is a genus of flowering plants. They are often purplish-red, which is where we get the colour " fuchsia". 

Fuchsia belongs to the Onagraceae family of flowering plants. Fuchsia has 110 species. It consists mostly of shrubs or small trees. 

The first, "Fuchsia triphylla", was discovered on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola (Haiti and the Dominican Republic) about 1696–1697. The discoverer was the French monk and botanist, Charles Plumier, during his third expedition to the Greater Antilles. He named the new genus after the German botanist Leonhart Fuchs (1501–1566).

Joseba Sarrionandia

Joseba Sarrionandia Uribelarrea (born April 13th 1958 in Iurreta, Biscay, Basque Country) is a Basque writer. He has written many poetry books, short stories, and novels. In 1985, Sarrionandia escaped from prison after he was put in for being a member of the Basque armed group ETA. Since then, he has lived in secret but he still writes books. He is one of the best-known contemporary Basque writers.

Sarrionandia studied the Basque language and earned a PhD in Basque Philology from the University of Deusto in Bilbao. He was a Basque language teacher and taught phonetics. His writings were published in a number of Basque magazines. He also translated books by Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Konstantino Kavafis, T. S. Eliot and Fernando Pessoa into the Basque language.

In 1980 Sarrionandia was arrested by Spanish police for being a member of ETA. He was sentenced to 22 years in prison. In 1985 he escaped from prison with Iñaki Pikaea during a concert in the jail with Basque singer Imanol Larzabal. They hid themselves inside a loudspeaker. The Basque rock group Kortatu wrote the song "Sarri, Sarri" in honor of this. He has lived in secret since his escape and writes a lot about exile. 

Sarrionandia has written books and poems which have been sung by different Basque singers. There's also an audio book called "Hau da ene ondasun guzia" of Sarrionandia reading his own poems as well as many songs performed by different singers.


The blacksmith slave
Captive in the rainforests of the West
they brought yo to Rome, slave,
they gave you the blacksmith work
and you make chains.
The red iron that you carry out the oven
can be adapted as you want,
you can make swords
in order that your people could break the chains,
but you, this slave,
you make chains, more chains.

James II

James II can mean:

SpongeBob SquarePants (character)

SpongeBob SquarePants is the main protagonist of the Nickelodeon cartoon "SpongeBob SquarePants". He is a yellow sea sponge who loves his job as a fry cook at the Krusty Krab. SpongeBob lives in a pineapple with his pet snail Gary. SpongeBob was first seen on May 1, 1999 in the show's television pilot ("Help Wanted"). He is voiced by Tom Kenny.

SpongeBob continues to inspire children of all ages and even adults. To this day, he is seen as a role model for many teenagers age 13-25. His family is his father Harold, his mother Margaret, his uncle Sherm, his uncle Blue, his grandfather Grandpa SquarePants, his grandmother Grandma SquarePants, his grandmother Grandma BubbleBottom, his cousin Stanley, his cousin Larry, his cousin BlackJack, and his cousin Todd.

SpongeBob is a yellow sea sponge. He lives in Bikini Bottom, an underwater town. He loves his job as the Krusty Krab's fry cook. He works for Mr. Krabs, who owns the Krusty Krab. His neighbor Squidward Tentacles works at the Krusty Krab as a cashier. SpongeBob like to fish for jellyfish. He plays karate with his friend Sandy Cheeks. He is also good at blowing bubbles.

SpongeBob's best friend is his neighbor Patrick Star. SpongeBob lives in a pineapple that is used as a house. He has a snail as a pet named Gary. Because SpongeBob is very happy, he thinks that everyone else around him is too. For example, he likes to be with Squidward, who does not like SpongeBob. SpongeBob wants to get a driver's license at Mrs. Puff's school for driving. However, he has failed every driving test.
SpongeBob is known for having an antagonistic side and plays a villainous role in several episodes, mainly due to annoying Squidward and Mrs. Puff.

In "Help Wanted", he flung numerous flying burgers at Patrick, not caring that he attacked his best friend (although this may have not been on purpose).

In "Sandy's Rocket", he caused a helicopter crash prior to the events of the episode, leading to dozens of deaths as shown by graves.

In "CreamBob ConePants", he and Patrick devoured the residents of Pint Bottom, leaving the town deserted.

In "Hall Monitor", he pretended to be the "Open Window Maniac", causing two people to get scared and run away.

In "Demolition Doofus", he crashed into cars two times when Mrs. Puff told him to stop.

Lorenzo Milani

Fr Lorenzo Milani Comparetti (May 27, 1923 – June 26, 1967) was a priest of the Catholic Church in Italy. He is best known as an educator of poor children, and being for conscientious objection.

Ariel Rubinstein

Ariel Rubinstein (born April 13, 1951 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli economist. He is a professor of economics at Tel Aviv University and New York University. Rubinstein writes about game theory.


Mosaic

Mosaic is the art of decorating a surface with pictures and patterns made of little pieces of stone, glass or tiles of different colours. 

Mosaics can be used indoors on walls, floors and ceilings. Mosaics are sometimes used outdoors on pavements.

Mosaics are made by setting coloured pieces into "mortar" (cement) which sets hard and holds the pieces in place. Some mosaics are made of round pebbles, and have only two or three colours. Other mosaics are made of marble. Many mosaics, particularly in Italy, are made of terracotta tiles. (Terracotta is "fired" clay that has been baked in an oven.) Terracotta tiles come in many colours and can be used for colourful pictures as well as patterns. 

Some tiles look as if they are made of pure gold. These tiles are actually made of glass and have a very thin "leaf" of gold stuck to one side. The side with the gold gets put into the mortar. Then the gold can be seen through the glass, but cannot be scratched off.

Mosaics often last for a very long time. There are still plenty of mosaics which were made by the Ancient Romans. They can be seen in Italy, England, France, as well as other countries that were once part of the Roman Empire. 

Many beautiful mosaics date from the early Christian and Byzantine eras, from about 300 AD to 1400, in Italy, Greece, and other countries. The mosaics in churches usually have pictures which tell Bible stories.

Mosaics were a popular way to decorate churches in Italy in the Medieval period. They were not popular in England, France, Germany and countries of Northern Europe because they preferred to use stained glass windows as decoration. In Italy, the most famous church with its interior decorated with mosaics is St. Mark's Basilica, Venice. At Westminster Cathedral in London, (which is built in an Italian style) the mosaic decoration which was started more than 100 years ago is still continuing, bit by bit. Many of the mosaics at St. Mark's and Westminster Cathedral have gold backgrounds. 

Nowadays mosaics are still used in all sorts of ways. Mosaics are most often used to brighten up public places in cities. Modern mosaics are made of all sorts of materials: mosaic tiles, bathroom tiles, broken roof tiles, broken dishes, broken mirrors, bits of metal and old bricks.


Odilon Redon

Odilon Redon (April 22, 1840 – July 6, 1916) was a Symbolist painter and printmaker, born in Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France.

Redon started drawing as a young child, and at the age of 10 he was given a drawing prize at school. At age 15, he began official study in drawing but he later on switched to architecture because his father told him to. His failure to pass the entrance exams at Paris’ École des Beaux-Arts ended any plans for a career as an architect, although he would later study there under Jean-Léon Gerôme.

Back home in his home town of Bordeaux, he took up sculpture, and Rodolphe Bresdin instructed him in etching and lithography. However, his artistic career was halted in 1870 when he joined the army to serve in the Franco-Prussian War.

At the end of the war, he moved to Paris, working almost only in charcoal and lithography. It would not be until 1878 that his work gained any recognition with "Guardian Spirit of the Waters", and he published his first album of lithographs, called "Dans le Rêve", in 1879. Still, Redon remained unknown until the appearance in 1884 of a cult novel by Joris-Karl Huysmans titled, "À rebours (Against Nature)". The story featured a decadent aristocrat who collected Redon's drawings. 

In the 1890s, he began to use pastel and oils, which featured in most of his works for the rest of his life. In 1899, he exhibited with the Nabis at Durand-Ruel's. In 1903 he was given the Legion of Honor. His popularity increased when a catalogue of etchings and lithographs was published by André Mellerio in 1913 and that same year, he was given the largest single representation at the New York Armory Show. 

In 2005 the Museum of Modern Art launched an exhibition called "Beyond The Visible", a comprehensive overview of Redon's work showcasing more than 100 paintings, drawings, prints and books from The Ian Woodner Family Collection. The exhibition ran from October 30, 2005 to January 23, 2006. 


Pinniped

Pinnipeds are the seals and their relatives, a group of semi-aquatic marine mammals. The Pinnipedia is in the Order Carnivora. 
There are three seal families: Odobenidae (walruses), Otariidae (eared seals, including sea lions and fur seals), and Phocidae (true seals). 

Seals are sleek-bodied and barrel-shaped. Their bodies are well adapted to the aquatic habitat where they spend most of their lives. Pinnipeds have flippers for hands, big bulky bodies, doggish faces, and big eyes. Unlike cetaceans, pinnipeds have their noses on their faces, and each nostril of the nose closes when the pinniped goes underwater. Like cetaceans, pinnipeds have a thick layer of blubber (fat) just under their skin: this blubber keeps them warm in cold waters and keeps them fed during times when food is not easily found. When they cannot find food, they live off the fat in the blubber.

Pinnipeds are carnivorous. This means they eat only meat (such as fish or squid) and not plants. However, almost all pinnipeds can be eaten by polar bears, sharks and killer whales.

Seals are often trained in zoos or aquariums to put on shows. However, in Sweden, it is illegal to train a seal to balance a ball on its nose.

Pinnipeds sleep in the water. They may also sleep on land. In both environments, there is a danger. At least in the northern hemisphere, there is danger from polar bears on land, and in the water, there is danger from sharks. While sleeping in water, the animals go through different stages of sleep. They do some behaviors during sleep: they come to the surface occasionally to breathe, and they now and then open an eye for a period of time. The details vary in different species or groups. Similar adaptations are found in cetaceans like dolphins.




Wizards of Waverly Place

Wizards of Waverly Place is a 2007 Disney Channel television series. It is about a family of wizards. The children are Alex Russo, Justin Russo, and Max Russo. They are training as wizards. Only the best wizard in the family gets to keep their powers. Their dad is Jerry Russo. Their mom is Theresa Russo. Alex's best friend is Harper Finkle.



"Wizards of Waverly Place: Wizard School" is a 4 episode DVD, which was released on July 29, 2008 in the US.



Cory in the House

Cory in the House is a 2007 Disney Channel television series. The series is a spin off of "That's So Raven". It is about a boy named Cory Baxter who lives in the White House, the residence of the President of the United States. Cory lives in the White House because his dad is the chef. Cory's best friends are Newt and Meena. His rival is Jason. He thinks that Sophie, the President's daughter, is a pest.



The DVD, "All Star Edition", was released on August 7, 2007.

"Wish Gone Amiss" released on November 27, 2007. This DVD included three episodes. Each episode was from a different Disney Channel series. The episodes were about the main characters of the series making a wish. The other series included on this DVD were "Hannah Montana" and "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody".




John A. Macdonald

Sir John Alexander Macdonald (January 11, 1815 – June 6, 1891) was the first Prime Minister of Canada. He was an important influence on the Canadian Confederation, July 1, 1867. Macdonald was in office from 1867 to 1873 and again from 1878 to 1891, making him the second longest-serving Prime Minister of Canada and the only one to win six majority governments.

One of the things Macdonald wanted to do was to build a transcontinental railway that would link Canada from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean. That railway, called the Canadian Pacific Railway, was completed in 1885.

Macdonald did not speak French as well as the Prime Ministers who came after him. He could speak Scottish Gaelic and a bit of Latin.

Macdonald had four siblings. He was the third of five children.


Justice League

The Justice League is a fictional DC Comics superhero team. It is sometimes called the Justice League of America (JLA).

The Justice League first appeared in the comic book "The Brave and the Bold #28" in 1960. The first members were Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Flash, Green Lantern, Aquaman, and the Martian Manhunter.

Over time, many other superheroes have been members of the Justice League. Some examples are: Green Arrow, Atom, Hawkman, Black Canary, Captain Marvel, Plastic Man, Elongated Man, Booster Gold and Skeet and The Question. Many other superheroes joined the justice league.

Many different comic book series have featured the Justice League. The current series are Justice League (Volume 4) and Justice League Odessey.

Several television cartoons have also featured the Justice League, such as: "Super Friends", "Justice League", and "Justice League Unlimited".

The Justice League has had many headquarters. These include the Hall of Justice, the Justice League Satellite, and the Justice League Watchtower.

There is a 2017 action-adventure film based on "The Justice League" with the same name. The movie included Batman, Superman, The Flash, Cyborg, Aquaman and Wonder Woman. Another version of the movie, titled "Zack Snyder's Justice League", was released in 2021.

Even Stevens

Even Stevens is a Disney Channel television series about an American family. It is mostly about the fights between a girl named Ren and her brother, Louis. Ren likes doing everything right. Louis likes having fun, even if it means breaking rules and getting in trouble.


1. Swap.com

2. Stevens Genes

3. Take My Sister... Please

4. What'll Idol Do?

5. All About Yvette

6. Louis in the Middle

7. Foodzilla

8. Family Picnic

9. Scrub Day

10. Easy Way

11. Secrets and Spies

12. Deep Chocolate

13. After Hours

14. Battle of the Bands

15. Heck of a Hanukkah

16. Luscious Lou

17. Get a Job

18. Movie Madness

19. Strictly Ballroom

20. Almost Perfect

21. A Weak First Week

22. Starstruck

23. Shutterbugged

24. Duck Soup

25. Quest for Coolness

26. Secret World of Girl

28. Thin Ice

29. Head Games

30. Love and Basketball

31. Devil Mountain

32. Wild Child

33. Easy Crier

34. A Very Scary Story

35. Sadie Hawkins Day

36. Sibling Rivalry

37. Wombat Wuv

38. Uncle Chuck

39. The Thomas Gribalski Affair

40. Ren-Gate

41. Tight End in Traction

42. Influenza: The Musical

43. Gutter Queen

44. The Kiss

45. Where in the World is Pookie Stevens?

46. My Best Friend's Girlfriend

47. Your Toast

48. Band on the Roof

49. Little Mr. Sacktown

50. Raiders of the Lost Sasuage

51. Close Encounters of the Beans Kind

52. Short Story

53. Hutch Boy

54. Hardly Famous

55. The King Sloppy

56. Boy on a Rock

57. Dirty Work

58. The Big Splash

59. Beans on the Brain

60. Snow Job

61. Stevens Manor

62. Model Principal

63. Surf's Up

64. In Ren We Trust

65. Leavin' Stevens

Trojan asteroid

Trojan objects orbit 60° ahead (L4) or behind (L5) a more massive object. Both are in orbit around an even more massive central object. The best known example are the asteroids that orbit ahead or behind Jupiter around the Sun. Trojan objects do not orbit exactly at one of either Lagrange points, but do remain close to it, appearing to slowly orbit it.

The largest group of asteroids known to move around the Sun are those with the planet Jupiter. There are two groups of Jovian Trojans, one group on each side of Jupiter.

In 1772 the French mathematician and astronomer Joseph-Louis Lagrange identified two spots in a planet's orbit which were gravitationally stable. If put there, an object would stay there. Lagrange predicted the existence of a group of small bodies in each of the two stable points in Jupiter’s orbit.

The term originally referred to the Trojan asteroids orbiting around Jupiter's Lagrangian points, which are by convention named after figures from the Trojan War of Greek mythology. By convention, the asteroids orbiting Jupiter's L point are named after the heroes from the Greek side of the war, while those at L are from the Trojan side. The two exceptions, the Greek-themed 617 Patroclus and the Trojan-themed 624 Hektor, were actually assigned to the wrong sides.

In 1904, Edward Emerson Barnard was the first person to see a Trojan asteroid. Barnard thought it was a moon of the planet Saturn. In February 1906 a German astronomer named Max Wolf saw a Trojan asteroid and named it 588 Achilles. Wolf was the first person to see a Trojan asteroid and know what it was. Since that time, more than 2000 Trojan asteroids have been seen. The biggest Trojan asteroid is named 624 Hektor. 624 Hektor is 370 km across. Astronomers think that Trojan asteroids are made of ice and dust.

Later, objects were found orbiting the Lagrangian points of Neptune, Mars, and Earth. Asteroids at the Lagrangian points of planets other than Jupiter may be called Lagrangian asteroids.


Astronomers have found a Trojan asteroid not far from Earth, moving in the same orbit around the Sun. It sits in one of the 'Lagrange points', which are 60 degrees ahead of or behind the planets in their orbits. These are points of gravitational stability.

Called 2010 TK, the rock is about 80 million km from Earth, and should come no closer than about 25 million km. The team says its orbit appears stable at least for the next 10,000 years.

An orbiting telescope sensitive to infrared light found 2010 TK7. Wise, the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer launched in 2009, examined more than 500 Near-Earth objects (NEOs), 123 of which were new to science. Follow-up work on the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope confirmed the status of 2010 TK7.



Christopher Lloyd

Christopher Allen Lloyd or simply Chris Lloyd and mostly Christopher Lloyd (born October 22, 1938) is an American actor. He has appeared in theater productions, films, stage, television and video game work since 1961 and is most famous for the movies "Back to the Future" (as Dr. Emmett Brown) and "The Addams Family (as Uncle Fester)", the television programs "Taxi" (as Rev. Jim Ignatowski) and "Cyberchase (as The Hacker)", and "Piranha 3D (as Mr. Goodman)".


The Buzz on Maggie

The Buzz on Maggie is an American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation and Bardel Entertainment. It is about a fly named Maggie. The show takes place in a world of talking insects. The show had two different stories in each episode. The show was cancelled after only one season of twenty-one episodes. The series premiered airs at 9:30 a.m. ET/PT time on June 18, 2005 on Disney Channel in the United States and on Teletoon in Canada.



Green Arrow

Green Arrow is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Green Arrow was created by Mort Weisinger and George Papp and first appeared in More Fun Comics #73 in 1941. His secret identity is Oliver Jonas Queen and his friends call him Ollie. He is a billionaire and once was a mayor of the fictional city Star City.

Green Arrow is a superhero, but lacks any superpowers. He is similar in appearance and abilities to Robin Hood. Green Arrow is an archer who uses his expert skill in archery to fight crime. He wanted to help citizens when he fell off his boat and got stranded on an island. He also is a highly trained martial artist. Green Arrow is blond, dresses all in green, and as a goatee beard.

Green Arrow uses many trick arrows to fight crime plus supervillains. For example, trick arrows include: glue arrows, net arrows, explosive arrows, grappling hook arrows, and boxing-glove arrows.

Since 1970 Green Arrow has usually been written as being explicitly left-wing politically and fighting for social justice.

Green Arrow has been a member of the Justice League and the Outsiders.

Green Arrow was not initially a well-known character outside of comic book fandom: he had appeared in a single episode of the animated series "Super Friends" in 1973. In the 2000s, the character appeared in a number of DC television properties, including the animated series "Justice League Unlimited", "Young Justice", "The Batman" and "", and several DC Universe Animated Original Movies. In live action, he appeared in the series "Smallville", played by actor Justin Hartley, and became a core cast member. In 2012, the live action series "Arrow" debuted on The CW, in which the title character was portrayed by Stephen Amell, and launching several spin-off series, becoming the starting point for a shared television franchise called the Arrowverse.

Green Arrow was romantically linked with Black Canary for many years.

Green Arrow originally had a sidekick, and adopted son, named Speedy. Speedy's real name is Roy Harper. Roy Harper now is the superhero Red Arrow.

Green Arrow also has a biological son named Conner Hawke. When Oliver Queen died, Connor Hawke became Green Arrow. Oliver Queen was later resurrected by Hal Jordan, and retook the role of Green Arrow.

Aquaman

Aquaman (Arthur Curry) is a fictional comic book superhero published by DC Comics. Aquaman was created by Paul Norris and Mort Weisinger and first appeared in More Fun Comics #72 in November, 1941.

During the Silver Age of Comic Books, Aquaman was a founding member of the Justice League of America.

Aquaman's biography and origin has been reinvented several times since 1941. Aquaman has several superhuman powers. He can breathe underwater and swim at very high speeds. Aquaman has super strength and is very hard to injure. Aquaman's most famous ability is to communicate and command marine animals.

Aquaman has appeared in several cartoon series, such as the Super Friends, and also in the live-action TV series "Smallville", with Superman. Jason Momoa played Aquaman in the 2016 movie "", the 2017 movie "Justice League", the 2018 movie "Aquaman," the 2021 movie "Zack Snyder's Justice League," and the 2023 movie "Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom".

Green Lantern

Green Lantern is the name of several fictional superheroes that appear in comic books published by DC Comics. The first was Alan Scott and was created by writer Bill Finger and artist Martin Nodell in All-American Comics #16 in July 1940.

The most famous is Hal Jordan and was created by John Broome and Gil Kane in Showcase #22 in October 1959.

Each Green Lantern wears a power ring that allows the Green Lantern to control the physical world by strength of will.

Alan Scott was the Golden Age Green Lantern and his ring was powered by magic.

All of the Green Lanterns since then have worn rings that were not magic, but advanced technology. The Guardians of the Universe created the power rings and granted them to worthy candidates throughout the galaxy. These individuals make up the Green Lantern Corps, an intergalactic police force.

there are other lantern corps which represent different emotions and like Willpower the rings are only given to people who display a lot of a certain emotion, good or bad but not all.

Blue Lantern corps "Hope"

Red Lantern corps "Anger"

Orange Lantern corps "Greed"

Yellow Lantern corps "Fear"

Black Lantern corps "Death"

White Lantern corps "Rebirth"

Indigo Lantern corps "Compassion"

Green Lantern corps "Willpower"

Hal Jordans archenemy is Sinestro of the yellow lantern corps.

Alan Scott was a young engineer when he found a metal lantern that glowed with a magical green flame. The flame told Alan how to build a ring. Alan used the power of the ring to fight crime. Alan was a founding member of the Justice Society of America.

Alan Scott's power ring had to be recharged every 24 hours and did not work on wood.

Hal Jordan was an airplane test pilot. Jordan was given his power ring by a dying alien named Abin Sur, whose spaceship had crashed on Earth. Jordan was a founding member of the Justice League of America and also a member of the Green Lantern Corps.

At First Hal Jordan's power ring didn't work on anything yellow.

Hal Jordan's hometown Coast City was destroyed in the early 1990s and he went insane. Jordan destroyed the Green Lantern Corps and renamed himself Parallax. Jordan later died, sacrificing himself to reignite a dying Sun only to return from the grave as the Spectre, the divine Spirit of God's Vengeance.

Hal Jordan was later brought back to life and he once again became a Green Lantern. He also made an oath to recharge the power ring:<br>
"In brightest day, in blackest night<br>
No evil shall escape my sight,<br>
Let those who worship evil's might,<br>
Beware my power...Green lantern's light!"

Guy Gardner

Guy Gardner was the second choice of Abin Sur and the backup to Hal Jordan.

John Stewart

John Stewart, an architect, was chosen by the Guardians to replace Guy Gardner as the backup Green Lantern for Hal Jordan.

Kyle Rayner

Kyle Rayner, a freelance artist, was given the last power ring, and restored the Guardians and Corps after Jordan destroyed them as Parallax. Later Kyle became Ion, the manifestation of willpower, for a short time.

August Kopff

August Kopff (February 5 1882–April 25 1960) was a German astronomer who found many comets and asteroids.

He found some comets, such as the periodic comet 22P/Kopff and the non-periodic C/1906 E1.

He found many asteroids, such as the notable Trojan asteroids 617 Patroclus and 624 Hektor.

A crater on the Moon is named after him: see Kopff (crater).

Great Yarmouth

Great Yarmouth, often known to locals as Yarmouth, is an English coastal town in Norfolk. It is at the mouth of the River Yare.

S/2004 S 3

Even though later astronomers tried to find it again, it has not been reliably seen since. Notably, an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on 15 November, 2004 failed to find the object. This suggests that it was a clump of material that had disappeared by that time.

Another object, , was seen nearby 5 hours later, but this time just "inside" the F Ring. Because of the different location of the second object, it was given a fresh designation, although their interpretation as a single object on a F-ring crossing orbit is also possible. Such an object might also be orbiting at a bit different inclination to the F ring, thereby not actually passing through the ring material even though it was being seen both radially inward and outward of it.

If a solid object after all, would be 3−5 km in diameter based on brightness, and might be a shepherd satellite for the farther edge of Saturn's F ring.


S/2004 S 4

Even though astronomers tried to find it again, it has not been reliably seen since. Notably, an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on 15 November, 2004 failed to find the object. This suggests that it was a clump of material that had disappeared by that time.

An interpretation where S3 and S4 are or were a single object on a F-ring crossing orbit is also possible. Such an object might also be orbiting at a bit different inclination to the F ring, thereby not actually passing through the ring material even though it was being seen both radially inward and outward of it.

If a solid object after all, would be 3−5 km in diameter based on brightness.

S/2004 S 6

It was first seen by scientists in pictures taken by the Cassini-Huygens probe on October 28, 2004, and announced on 8 November that year. It appears to be the best tracked object in this area with at least five possible sightings in the period till late 2005. In comparison, two objects in the F ring's area ( and ) that were first seen months earlier have not been found again. An imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on 15 November 2004, soon after it was discovered did not find the object, while it has been seen again later. The lighting conditions in 's part of the orbit were different during these two sightings. The discovery was made when the area was strongly backlit by the sun. 's visibility may be primarily due to a diffuse cloud of fine dust that is much brighter in forward scattered light (the conditions of the discovery image), and that the solid core (if any) is small.

The dusty halo seen in pictures is big, being around 2000 km in length. The solid object, if any, would be no bigger than 3−5 km in diameter based on brightness.

Joel Hastings Metcalf

Joel Hastings Metcalf (January 4, 1866–February 23, 1925) was an American astronomer.

Metcalf graduated from Harvard Divinity School in 1892. He served as a Unitarian minister in Burlington, Vermont and then later in Taunton, Massachusetts, Winchester, Massachusetts and Portland, Maine.

He found or co-found many comets, such as 23P/Brorsen-Metcalf and 97P/Metcalf-Brewington; he also found many asteroids.


Gräfendorf

Gräfendorf is a community in Main-Spessart in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community) of Gemünden am Main.

Gräfendorf is in the Würzburg Region near Gemünden am Main.

The community has the following "Gemarkungen" (traditional rural cadastral areas) and "Ortsteile": Gräfendorf, Michelau an der Saale, Schonderfeld, Weickersgrüben, Wolfsmünster.

Imaginary number

Imaginary numbers are numbers that are made from combining a real number with the imaginary unit, called "i", where "i" is defined as formula_1. They are defined separately from the negative real numbers in that they are a square root of a negative real number (instead of a positive real number). This is not possible with real numbers, as there is no real number that will multiply by itself to get a negative number (e.g., formula_2 and formula_3). The set of imaginary numbers are sometimes denoted by the letter formula_4.

One way of thinking about imaginary numbers is to say that they are to negative numbers what negative numbers are to positive numbers. If we say "go east by -1 mile", it is the same as if we had said "go west by 1 mile". If we say "go east by i miles", it means the same thing as if we had said "go north by 1 mile". Similarly, if we say "go east by -i mile", it means the same as if we had said "go south by 1 mile".

Adding is easy too. If we say "go east by 1 + i miles" it means the same as if we had said "go east by one mile and north by one mile".

Multiplying two imaginary numbers is a lot like multiplying a positive number with a negative number. If we say "go east by 2 × -3 miles", it means "rotate all of the way around (so that you are now facing west) and go 2×3 = 6 miles". Imaginary numbers work the same, except that you can rotate part way. If we say go "east by 2×3i miles", it means the same as if we had said "rotate until you are facing north, and then go 2×3 = 6 miles"

Subtractions such as 5 - 9 used to be impossible until negative numbers were invented, just as taking the square root of a negative number used to be impossible until imaginary numbers were invented. The square root of 9 is 3, but the square root of −9 is not −3. This is because −3 x −3 = +9, not −9. For a long time, it seemed as though there was no answer to the square root of −9.

This is why mathematicians invented the imaginary number, "i", and said that it is the main square root of −1. The square root of −1 is not a real number, so this definition creates a new type of number, just like fractions create numbers like 2/3 that are not counting numbers like 4 or 10, and negative numbers create numbers that are less than 0. Sometimes, mathematicians seem rather comfortable using a number that is so unusual, but the name "imaginary" should not fool you because "i" is as valid a number as 3 or 145,379.

Many branches of science and engineering have found uses for this number. For example. electrical engineers need "i" to understand how an electric circuit will work when they are designing it (electrical engineers use "j" instead of "i" to avoid confusion with the symbol for the current). As another example. certain branches of physics such as quantum physics and high energy physics use "i" as often as they use any other regular number. Many of the equations in the world simply cannot be solved without "i".

Imaginary numbers can be mixed with numbers we are more familiar with. For example, a real number such as "2" can be added to an imaginary number such as "3i" to create "2+3i". These kinds of mixed numbers are known as complex numbers.


Eric Maskin

Eric Stark Maskin (born December 12, 1950) is an American economist. In 2007, he won the Nobel Prize in Economics with Leonid Hurwicz and Roger Myerson. He is the Albert O. Hirschman Professor of Social Science at the Institute for Advanced Study, and a visiting Professor at Princeton University.

Maskin was born in New York City, New York on December 12, 1950, to a non-religious Jewish family, and grew up in Alpine, New Jersey. He graduated from Tenafly High School in Tenafly, New Jersey in 1968, and then studied at Harvard University where he received his A.B. and Ph.D. After he got his Ph.D., Maskin went to the University of Cambridge in 1976 where he was a research fellow at Cambridge College. He taught at Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1977-1984 and from 1985-2000 at Harvard, where he was the Louis Berkman Professor of Economics. In 2000, he moved to the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.

He has studied a wide range of subjects in economic theory, such as game theory, the economics of incentives, and contract theory. He is particularly well known for his work on mechanism design/implementation theory and dynamic games. His current research projects include comparing different rules for elections, the causes of inequality and studying coalition formation. He is a Fellow of the "American Academy of Arts and Sciences", "Econometric Society", and the "European Economic Association", and a Corresponding Fellow of the "British Academy". He was president of the "Econometric Society" in 2003.

Maskin suggested that software patents make new inventions difficult. Software, semiconductor, and computer industries have made many inventions in the past when patent laws have been weak, he argued. "In the 1980s when patent protection was extended to software," wrote Maskin. "Arguments predicted that productivity should have increased among patenting firms." Maskins ideas that this would not happen were correct. "These increases did not occur." 


Roger Myerson

Roger Bruce Myerson (born 29 March 1951) is an American economist and co-winner, with Leonid Hurwicz and Eric Maskin, of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Economics "for having laid the foundations of mechanism design theory." He has made contributions as an economist, as an applied mathematician, and as a political scientist.

Roger Myerson was born on March 29, 1951 to a Jewish family. He attended Harvard University, where he received his A.B., S.M. (1973), and Ph.D. (1976), all in applied mathematics. From 1976 to 2001, he was a professor of economics at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. Currently, he is the Glen A. Lloyd Distinguished Service Professor of Economics at the University of Chicago.

Among his scientific contributions to game theory and mechanism design, the following are noteworthy:

He wrote a general textbook on game theory in 1991, and has also written on the history of game theory, including his review of the origins and significance of noncooperative game theory.

Myerson has worked on economic analysis of political institutions and written several major survey papers:

His recent work on democratization has raised critical questions about American policy in occupied Iraq.

Myerson has published the following books:


Mario Capecchi

Mario Renato Capecchi (born 6 October 1937) is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist. He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies. 

Capecchi is Distinguished Professor of Human Genetics and Biology at the University of Utah School of Medicine, which he joined in 1973.

Mario Capecchi was born in the Italian city of Verona in 1937. His father, Luciano Capecchi, was an Italian airman who was reported as missing in action in the Western Desert Campaign. His mother, Lucy Ramberg, was the American-born daughter of Impressionist painter Lucy Dodd Ramberg and German archaeologist Walter Ramberg. During World War II, his mother was sent to the Dachau concentration camp, as punishment for handing out pamphlets and belonging to an anti-Fascist group. Before her arrest she had sold her belongings and gave the money to a poor family near Bolzano, to give her son a place to live. After a year, the money was spent and the family was unable to care for him. At four-and-a-half years old he was left to live on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.

He almost died of hunger. His mother had been freed from Dachau and began a year-long search for him. She finally found him in a hospital bed in Reggio Emilia, ill with a fever and living one bowl of chicory coffee and bread crust each day. She took him to Rome, where he had his first bath in six years.

In 1946 his uncle, Edward Ramberg, an American physicist at RCA, sent his mother money to return to the United States. Mario and his mother moved to Pennsylvania to live at a cooperative community which had been started by his uncle. 

In 1960 Capecchi came to MIT as a graduate student to study physics and mathematics, but he soon became interested in molecular biology. He moved to Harvard to join the laboratory of James D. Watson, co-discoverer of the shape of DNA. Capecchi received his PhD in biophysics in 1967 from Harvard University.

In 1973 he joined the faculty at the University of Utah. Since 1988 Capecchi has also been an investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He has taught for Duke University's Program in Genetics and Genomics.

After the Nobel committee announced that Capecchi had won the Nobel prize, an Austrian woman named Marlene Bonelli claimed that Capecchi was her long-lost half-brother, which he acknowledged was true.

Mario Capecchi is known for his work in gene targeting of the mouse embryonic stem cells. This helped him and others study how genes work. The work includes cloning and genetic changing. The work on gene targeting and knockout mice won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, jointly with Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies.

Dr. Capecchi has also pursued a systematic analysis of the mouse Hox gene family. This gene family is controls embryonic development in all multicellular animals (metazoa).



Wizard

A wizard, magician, sorceror or sorceress is a fictional or mythical person who uses magic. This ability to use magic may be due to innate ability, training, or both. Wizards are often depicted as having a special connection to supernatural beings, such as gods or fairies, or as such supernatural beings themselves.

Merlin from the Arthurian legends is one of the most well-known wizard characters.

Wizards have been portrayed as both evil and good. Dumbledore (from the "Harry Potter" series) and Gandalf (from Tolkien's Middle Earth) are fictional examples of "good" wizards. Voldemort and Saruman are corresponding examples of "evil" wizards.

Wizards are often depicted as old men with long, flowing beards, and wearing a large-brimmed hat, a thick cloak and holding a staff. This may be due to descriptions of Odin the Wanderer, a god from Norse mythology who often disguised himself thus, in order to pass through the lands of men unnoticed.

Wizards, when they are named thus, are almost always portrayed as male, but some fictional or mythical female characters seem to play the same role, sometimes as a foil character to a male wizard or other character. Notable examples include Morgan le Fay from Arthurian legends, and Circe from Greek mythology.

Nowadays, the term "wizard" is also used for someone whose accomplishments are due to unusual skill or creativity. Thomas Edison, the noted American inventor, was nicknamed "the Wizard of Menlo Park."


Kaunas

Kaunas, also known by several other names, is the second biggest city in Lithuania and used to be a temporary capital. Kaunas is found at the point where the two biggest Lithuanian rivers, the Nemunas and the Neris, meet. It is also near the Kaunas Lagoon, the largest body of water in Lithuania.

In 1361, Kaunas was first mentioned in annals of the Teutonic Knights. The knights were preparing to attack Kaunas Castle.

In 1408, Vytautas the Great gave the city Magdeburg Rights.

Warp drive

Warp drive (also called warp technology) is a hypothetical technology created in science fiction. As far as we know, it does nor exist. Its invention allowed writing books and making television and film media. 

If it takes centuries or thousands of years to get anywhere in space, then the limitations of human life becomes an obstacle. That's even assuming we could travel without humans being riddled with holes by radiation of various kinds. We are so protected on planet Earth that we forget what it's like in deep space, which is flooded with radiation.

So warp drive is invented, and so is its cousin wormholes in space. "There are no wormholes", or if they exist, we don't know it.

Warp drive and wormholes are the inventions of smart guys who make media. It is a way of moving objects faster than the speed of light. There are many examples of how this idea is used. A well-known one is found in the "Star Trek" universe, where faster-than-light travel is needed to tell the story.

Current technology does not allow anything or anyone to go at, or faster than, the speed of light. Unless the current theories are proven wrong, this will always be true. However, warp technology as a fictional idea has been an interesting way of shaping the story line to let spaceships move at speeds greater than 186,000 miles per second (speed of light through a vacuum: the known limit of speed in the universe).

Warp technology, as the name implies, 'warps space' in effect bringing a destination closer by bending space rather than the traditional 'thruster' means of propelling a spacecraft at high speeds.

Warp technology allows ships to move at warp speed. In the "Star Trek" universe, for example, the measurement of the speed that the spaceship is moving is called the warp factor. However, thrusters and impulse power propel spaceships at sub-light speed. Warp factor 1 is equal to the speed of light. The speed ranges up to warp factor 9.99. In some circumstances "Star Trek" spaceships can go faster than warp 10, although rarely.

Most of that is pure science fiction, and no evidence has been produced of any "warp drive".

In the field of quantum mechanics physicists have produced tiny wormholes, but they don't warp space time in the same way the "warp drive" concept does, rather they connect two separate points of spacetime through quantum entanglement.

Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters

Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters (September 19, 1813–July 18, 1890) was a German-American astronomer, and one of the first to find asteroids. 

He was born in Schleswig-Holstein, then part of Denmark but later part of Germany, and later studied under Carl Friedrich Gauss. He spoke many languages and spent time in Italy and Ottoman Turkey before going to the United States in 1854.

Working at Hamilton College in Clinton, New York (near Utica), he was a good finder of asteroids, finding 48 of them, beginning with 72 Feronia in 1861 and ending with 287 Nephthys in 1889.

He was involved in litigation in 1889 with his old assistant Charles A. Borst, and the "Great Star-Catalog Case" "Peters v. Borst" went before the Supreme Court of New York. The judge sided with Peters, but many astronomers and newspapers sided with Borst. Peters died not long after the trial end. After his death, the judgement was ultimately reversed on appeal and a new trial was ordered, but it never took place.

Besides asteroids, he co-found the Periodic comet 80P/Peters-Hartley, and also found different nebulae and galaxies.


Soest, Germany

Soest (pronounced ) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the Soest district.

Soest is along the "Hellweg" road, about 50 kilometres east of Dortmund and about west of Paderborn.


Due to the fertile soil the area around Soest was used long before 836 when the village is first mentioned in the "Dagobertsche Schenkung", although the origin of this document is historically unknown. But there is no doubt that Soest has been lived in for a long time; excavations in the last two decades have uncovered signs of people living in Soest more than 4000 years ago. In the 11th and 12th century Soest grew a lot, making it one of the biggest cities in Westphalia with some 10,000 citizens. It was also an important member of the Hanseatic League until 1609.

A self-confident Soest from 1444 to 1449 freed itself from the Bishop of Cologne, who controlled Westphalia (the so-called "Soester Fehde"). Being no longer capital of Westphalia, the city aligned itself with the Duke of Cleves. This was a Pyrrhic victory, however; the city had shown itself strong enough to defy the powerful Archbishop of Cologne, but lost much of its trade: the "freed" town was two-thirds surrounded by territories with other rulers. When the last Duke of Cleves died in 1609 that dukedom was taken by Brandenburg and after a short siege Soest was added into it. During and after the Thirty Years' War, Soest lossed a lot of people and influence; at the lowest point in 1756 it had only 3,600 citizens.

With the start of the Soest district in 1817 its influence slowly rose. However, the industrialization of the Ruhr area did not reach Soest, which continued to be a small city.

From about 1953 to 1971 there was a big garrison of Canadian soldiers and their families stationed at Soest (with the Canadian camps just east of the city in Bad Sassendorf) as well as Werl and Hemer-Iserlohn and Deilinghofen to the south west. There were also many Belgian Kasernes in Soest itself.

From 1971-1993 the old Canadian properties, such as the Married Quarters along Hiddingser Weg, south of the B-1, were used by British military and families. Upon the closing out of Belgian and British army facilities many of these military facilities either became used for civilian purposes or were not used again/destroyed. The old Married Quarters area was changed to civilian housing. The old CANEX (formerly MLS) (the Canadian Army's food and clothing store for dependent families) was changed to a NAAFI under the British and was finally demolished in 2006.

In 960, Bruno I, Archbishop of Cologne moved St Patroclus's relics from Troyes and buried them in 964 at St Patroclus's Cathedral in Soest, where he is still today honoured.

The Cathedral is a beautiful example of early medieval "Romanesque" architecture fashioned from the local greenish sandstone. Its big squared bell tower or steeple can be seen for many kilometers, rising up out of the city centre of the old city and a landmark of the Soester Boerde.

The coat of arms shows a key, which is the symbol for Saint Peter, the patron of Cologne. The coat was not changed even after Soest no longer fell within the jurisdiction of Cologne.



History of Europe

The history of Europe means all the time since the beginning of written records in the European continent up to the present day. It is traditionally divided into ancient (before the fall of the Western Roman Empire) medieval, and modern (after the fall of Constantinople).

Europe's antiquity dates from the Minoan civilization, the Myceneans and later on Homer's "Iliad" in Ancient Greece of around 700 BC. The Roman Republic was established in 509 BC, which was usurped by Octavian's new Roman Empire at its first century BC peak. The Christian religion was adopted in the fourth century, and in the sixth was organized, within the Empire, by Emperor Justinian I (527–565) with five most important cities: Rome, Constantinople, Antioch, Jerusalem and Alexandria. The fall of the Western Roman Empire was followed by a decline of Western Europe. The Byzantine Empire survived in the East. A new schism within the church's authority in 1054 was added to the earlier division that had persisted since 451. It was followed by Crusades from west to rescue the Holy Land from Muslim invasion. Feudal society began to break down, as the Black Death spread.

The Fall of Constantinople in 1453 showed the military weakness of the Christians in Eastern Europe. It is often used as a starting point for modern history. Western Christians completed the Reconquista and discovered a New World in 1492. Europe awoke from the medieval period through rediscovery of classical learning, much of which had been kept alive in the Muslim world while the Western church had rejected much of it as paganry. The Renaissance was followed by the Protestant Reformation, as priest Martin Luther attacked Papal authority. The Thirty Years War, the Treaty of Westphalia and the Glorious Revolution prepared for expansion and enlightenment.

The Industrial Revolution, beginning in Great Britain, allowed masses of people, not just the rich, to escape for the first time from lives of being always poor and barely able to afford either food or shelter. The early British Empire split as its colonies in America revolted to establish their own representative government. Political change in continental Europe was spurred by the French Revolution, as people cried out for "liberté, egalité, fraternité" (liberty, equality, brotherhood). The French leader, Napoleon Bonaparte, conquered and reformed the social structure of the continent through war up to 1815, when he met his final defeat at the Battle of Waterloo and was sent away into exile. As more and more small property holders were granted the vote, especially in France and the UK, socialist and trade union activity developed and revolution gripped Europe in 1848. The last vestiges of serfdom were abolished in Austria-Hungary in 1848. Russian serfdom was abolished in 1861. The Balkan nations began to regain their independence from the Ottoman Empire. After the Franco-Prussian War, Italy and Germany were formed, each from groups of smaller countries which spoke the same languages, in 1870 and 1871.

Conflict intensified across the globe, in a chase for empires, where powerful countries turned less powerful ones into colonies, until the outbreak, in 1914, of the biggest war that had ever been fought up to that point in time. It was called the Great War but now most often called World War I or the First World War. In the desperation of war, the Russian Revolution promised the people "peace, bread and land" and led to the end of the Russian Empire and its replacement by the formation of the Soviet Union. The defeat of Germany came at the price of economic destruction, which was formally written into the Treaty of Versailles in 1919 where it was stated that the First World War had been entirely the fault of Germany and its allies and demanded that they pay back the entire amount the war had cost.

The Great Depression began in 1929, brought about in part by the economic problems caused by the attempt to force Germany to pay for the war and in part by trade restrictions. Millions of people around the world lost their jobs. Governments changed in many countries, some by elections and some by revolutions. The governments soon fell into two main groups, those who believed in freedom and human rights and those who followed fascism. These two deeply different views led to a Second World War, which most people who write history feel began in Europe when Germany invaded Poland in 1939, but soon spread to most of the countries in the world. It took in wars which were already happening in other places, most notably the war between Japan and China. After this war Socialism spread to Central and Eastern Europe, including the relatively new Eastern European countries of Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Romania, Albania, and in Asia North Vietnam and North Korea, and, slightly later, to Cuba in the Carribean Sea very near to North America.

The conflict between the advocates of a capitalist and a socialist economy and political system led to the Cold War, a forty-year argument between the United States and the Soviet Union, two of the countries which had worked together to win the Second World War and the two which had come out of it with the most powerful military forces. They led respectively a Western Bloc and an Eastern Bloc, dividing Europe. Each side wanted to promote their type of government. People across the world feared a nuclear war because of the tension, and Europe, divided by the Iron Curtain, was assumed to be a probable battleground.

Communism became less attractive when it became clear that it could promote economic growth less effectively than the capitalistic Western states and that it was not suited for a reform that allowed freedom of speech for everyone. Therefore, the Soviet Union forced Hungary to give up its reform in 1956, it favoured the building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 and it stopped reform in Czechoslovakia in 1968. When in 1988/89 the Soviet leader Gorbachev made clear that he would not force the countries of the East block to stick to Communism the Berlin Wall was torn down in 1989 and the Soviet Union collapsed (1991). Then the United States was the only superpower left.
Europe signed a new treaty of union, which included 27 European countries in 2007.




World Games

The World Games are an international multi-sport event. The sports played at The World Games are sports which are not played in the Olympic Games. They are governed by the International World Games Association.

The first World Games were held in 1981 in Santa Clara, California. Since then, they are held every four years, the year after the Summer Olympics.

42 sports are part of The World Games. There are many disciplines for some sports. Not all of the sports are played at every World Games event.

Peace of Westphalia

The Peace of Westphalia refers to the pair of peace treaties, the Treaty of Osnabrück and the Treaty of Münster, signed on May 15 and October 24 of 1648, which ended both the Thirty Years' War and the Eighty Years' War. The treaties involved Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand III, the other German princes, Spain, France, Sweden and representatives of the Dutch Republic. The Treaty of the Pyrenees, signed in 1659, ending the war between France and Spain, is also often considered part of the overall agreement.

The peace negotiations were held in the cities of Münster and Osnabrück, which lie about 50 km apart from each other, in the present German states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Lower Saxony. Sweden had favoured Osnabrück because of its Protestant background, France chose Münster because of its Catholic background. In any case, two locations were required because the Protestant and Catholic leaders refused to meet each other. The Catholics used Münster, and the Protestants used Osnabrück.

Spain accepted the independence of the Dutch Republic.

The power that Ferdinand III had taken for himself against the Holy Roman Empire's constitution was stripped. That meant that the rulers of the German states could again determine the religion of their lands.

There were also territorial adjustments.



Flanimals

Flanimals is a children's and adults' book written by comedian Ricky Gervais. The book was illustrated by Rob Steen. It has 35 different characters described as species of animal which form an imaginary world.


Trolleybus

A trolleybus (also known as trolley bus, trolley coach, trackless trolley, trackless tram or simply trolley) is a bus which runs on electricity. It gets its power for the electric motors that drive the wheels from a pair of power lines above the street.

On the roof of the bus are two "trolley poles" from which electric current flows between the wires and the bus. One wire is for the positive current and the other is for the negative (return) current.

Because trolleybuses do not usually have engines which burn diesel or other fossil fuels, they are much cleaner and quieter than "normal" buses. They also do not use tracks, so they are more flexible than trams. However, most of these buses can only go where the wires go. Some are made as a hybrid vehicle, or with a battery so they can go a short distance on ordinary roads.

Trolleybuses cost more money to make than other types of buses, so there are not many companies that build this type of bus. Some of these companies are:

Van Hool

Van Hool is a Belgian company, which builds buses. It was founded in 1947 by Bernard Van Hool.

The headquarters are in Koningshooikt (Antwerp).

They have got 15 different buses for the city. 9 of them have got a normal engine, 4 have got an engine that works with gas, and 2 buses have got an electric engine, they are called Trolleybus.
List of all types of Low-Floor-Bus (Citybus):




Also they have got 13 different kinds of coachbuses.
List of all types of coachbuses:


Battle of Antietam

The Battle of Antietam was an important battle in the American Civil War. It is also called the Battle of Sharpsburg by South historians. The battle was fought on September 17, 1862, near Sharpsburg, Maryland. It was also considered the bloodiest battle in the Civil war. It was the first major battle in the Civil War that took place in the border states. Both sides hoped a big victory for their side would make a short war. 

About 22,720 soldiers were killed, wounded or were missing at Antietam. There has never been another single-day battle in the history of the United States with so many American casualties. However, there have been other battles that lasted for more than one day where more Americans fell. For example, the later Battle of Gettysburg lasted three days and had an estimated 51,000 American casualties.

During the summer of 1862, the hopes of the North that the rebellion could be easily crushed were quickly fading. In July, Major General George B. McClellan's Peninsula Campaign to capture the Southern capital at Richmond, Virginia failed. Near the end of August, the Second Battle of Bull Run was another Confederate victory. The Union armies retreated back to Washington, D.C. only a few miles away. In Tennessee and other western states, Confederate offensives were succeeding. This was causing poor morale in the Union army.

After defeating the Union Army of Virginia at Bull Run, Lee led his Confederate Army of Northern Virginia into Maryland beginning his Maryland Campaign. He had several reasons for attacking the North. First, it was harvest time in the Shenandoah Valley and Lee needed to turn the Union's attention away from his main sources of food for his army. Secondly, he needed European support for the Confederacy. A major win in the North could get the support they needed and also cause the border state of Maryland to secede. It would demoralize the North and possibly get them to negotiate. Lee thought the Union army needed time to rebuild and resupply and moving quickly he could catch them unprepared.

In a bold move Lee divided his Army of Northern Virginia into five smaller armies or columns. Three he sent with General "Stonewall" Jackson to attack and hold Harpers Ferry. This way Jackson could control the Shenandoah Valley. He sent his largest corps commanded by Lieutenant General James Longstreet to move towards Sharpsburg, Maryland. Lee wrote Special Order 191 on September 9, which outlined each move by all his columns. In a strange twist of fate, a copy of the order was wrapped around a bundle of cigars and dropped in a field on Best Farm. Union soldiers of the 27th Indiana Regiment found the bundle with the order. It was sent to General McClellan.

McClellan had remained in command of the Army of the Potomac even though he had failed to support Major General John Pope at the Second Battle of Bull Run. When Lee entered Maryland, in a rare exception to his usual slowness, McClellan moved more quickly to cut him off. Having knowledge of Lee's plans gave McClellan an opportunity to destroy Lee's army while it was still weakened by Jackson's being sent to Harper's Ferry. McClellan learned of Lee's plan on September 13. He boasted "Here is a paper with which if I cannot whip Bobbie Lee, I will be willing to go home." He also sent a telegram to President Lincoln where he wrote, "I have all the plans of the rebels, and will catch them in their own trap if my men are equal to the emergency." But McClellan waited another 18 hours before acting. This delay allowed Lee more time to collect all the elements of his army. As Lee had moved into Maryland, he left detachments to guard two of the passes through South Mountain, Crampton's Gap and Turner's Gap. These were the two most important routes through the 50-mile long South Mountain. Had McClellan moved a little faster, he would have caught Lee's army scattered on the other side of the mountain. At Frederick, Maryland the Union army caught up with Lee and the fighting began on South Mountain. It was a natural formation that separated the Shenandoah and Cumberland Valleys from eastern Maryland. Several battles were fought that day over possession of South Mountain. The Confederates were driven back with a large number of casualties. McClellan could have destroyed Lee's army but he again waited, giving Lee the time to regroup.

Three days later the two armies, led by Lee and McClellan, met again on September 17, 1862, between Antietam Creek and the town of Sharpsburg, Maryland. The Battle of Antietam, also called the Battle of Sharpsburg, was not only the bloodiest day of the American Civil War, it was the single bloodiest day in American history. The Confederate troops took up defensive positions behind Antietam Creek. At this point, McClellan decided to attack.

At dawn on September 17, Union soldiers led by Major General Joseph Hooker attacked Lee's troops from their left. As the two armies fought each other, the fighting spread across a local cornfield and around the Dunker Church. The Union troops kept attacking the Confederates at the Sunken Road. They were able to break through the center of the Confederate lines.

Late that afternoon, more Union soldiers, led by Major General Ambrose Burnside, came into the fight. They captured a stone bridge over Antietam Creek and moved towards the Confederate troops' right side. But as Burnside's soldiers attacked, more Confederate soldiers arrived. Confederate Major General A.P. Hill had led his division of soldiers from Harpers Ferry to Antietam. Once Hill's division arrived, they were able to counterattack (fight back against Burnside's soldiers). This was a surprise to the Union troops, and the surprise worked well. The Confederate troops drove Burnside's soldiers back and ended the battle. Even though he had more soldiers, McClellan was not able to destroy Lee's army. Lee was able to shift his troops to meet each of McClellan's attacks. McClellan also did not call up his many reserve forces (soldiers on standby) which could have helped build on the Union's successes.

The next day both armies collected their wounded and buried their dead soldiers. Then Lee withdrew his army back to Virginia. McClellan did not go after Lee which frustrated President Lincoln. Militarily the battle was a draw. But because Lee's forces retreated from Maryland, Lincoln claimed victory. He used the occasion to issue the Emancipation Proclamation.


Haripur

Haripur can be any of the following:


Spirited Away

Based on 153 reviews at Rotten Tomatoes, it is the second-best animated movie, having a 97% rating on the site. The movie occupies the rank of #60 on the IMDb Top 250 Movies list as of December 2008. The Anime Critic gave it a 4 and 1/2 out of five stars.

Chihiro Ogino and her parents are trapped in a spirit world, when they arrive. Chihiro meets a young apprentice named Haku, who tells him that she must return to the human world. Chihiro meets Yubaba, the owner of the bathhouse and Haku's master. Yubaba allows Chihiro to stay by having her sign a contract, causing her name to change into Sen. After days of working and solving past memories, Chihiro returns to the normal world, after her parents reverted into humans.



Rachel Weisz

Rachel Hannah Weisz (born 7 March 1970) is an Academy Award-winning English actress. She is also a former fashion model. She became famous after her roles in the Hollywood movies "The Mummy" and "The Mummy Returns", and has since continued appearing in major movie roles.

Weisz is of Jewish descent.


Old French

Old French was the Romance dialect continuum spoken in the northern half of modern France and parts of modern Belgium and Switzerland from around 1000 to 1300. It was then known as the langue d'oïl. This was different from the langue d'oc (Occitan language, also then called Provençal), whose territory bordered that of Old French to the south.

The Old Frankish language added many words to Old French after the conquest by the tribe of the Franks, of the portions of Roman Gaul that are now France and Belgium, during the Migration Period.

Deborah Sampson

Deborah Sampson was a woman who dressed as a man, so that she could join the American soldiers in the Revolutionary War. The Revolutionary War was a war between Great Britain and the thirteen original colonies. Deborah Sampson came from a poor family. She worked as an indentured servant from the age of eight to the age of eighteen. She worked for no pay for a family, but that family let her study with and spend time with their sons.

Sampson wanted to serve in the war against the British, but the American Army would only take men. She dressed as a man, and she got into the Continental Army. She went by the name of Robert Shurtleff. 
She later got married. She worked as a teacher. She also spoke in public about her experiences in the war.

During her time in war she went to extremes to keep her identity a secret. She once got slashed in the head by an enemy, yet bandaged it up herself. She also got shot in the leg twice. But, in order to not let people find out who she was, she pulled the bullets out of her own leg. In war, she collapsed from fever. She went to the hospital because of it and this is where her peers and boss found out about her being a woman.

Even if she lied to get into the army, her bravery was recognized and she was honored by her General and Congress as well.


Groundskeeper Willie

Groundskeeper Willie is a fictional character in the long-running cartoon show "The Simpsons".

Willie works at Springfield Elementary as the head janitor or groundskeeper. He is portrayed as an angry Scotsman. He shows some hate towards Principal Skinner and Bart Simpson. He lives in a shack in the grounds of Springfield Elementary.

Dialectic

In philosophy, dialectic is an argument or debate between different people. In Medieval Europe, dialectics (or logic) was one of the three beginning liberal arts all together known as the trivium; the other members were rhetorics and grammar.

The goal of the dialectical process ("dialectic" or "dialectics") is to try to resolve the disagreement through rational talk, and the search for the truth in the matter.

Dialectics has three main ideas:


Hans Luther

Hans Luther (10 March 1879 – 11 May 1962) was a German politician. He was a Chancellor of Germany. a law of July 1925 extended workmen's compensation coverage to all accidents from and to places of work, and vocational care was introduced that same month. In addition, a decree of May 1925 established compensation for occupational diseases.<nowiki>

In 1922 he became government minister of food and agriculture, and in 1925 Minister of Finance.

From January 1925 to May 1926 he was Chancellor. During a brief period he was also acting President.

Luther ran the Reichsbank from 1930 to 1933 and later became ambassador to the United States from 1933 to 1937.

Crossover (music)

A crossover is a term in music. It is when a piece of music appears on music charts for different types of music. For example, a song might be on music charts for both pop music and country music.

Crossover

Crossover may refer to:


Council of Trent

The Council of Trent was the 19th Ecumenical council of the Roman Catholic Church. Important members of the Catholic Church met in Trento three times between 13 December 1545 and 4 December 1563, in reaction to the Protestant Reformation. 

It reinforced Catholic doctrine regarding salvation, the sacraments, and the Biblical canon, answering all Protestant disputes.

The council often could not meet when they wanted to, and sometimes could not meet at all, because of resistance from the popes and revolt against the emperor.Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor wanted the council to meet, and Pope Paul III summoned the council in 1537, but the plans fell through. In 1538, ideas for a council again failed. The pope asked for the council to meet in 1542, but it did not actually meet until 1545. The council was not active between 1547 and 1551. It again met from 1551 to 1552, when it was suspended due to a revolt against the emperor. Pope Paul IV (1555-59) strongly disliked Protestant ideas and the council could not start again until his succesor took office. The council met for the last time from 1562-63.

The Council of Trent was part of the Counter-Reformation. It would be over 300 years until the next Ecumenical Council.

Pope Paul III saw that the Protestant Reformation was getting bigger. Before, a small number of priests were part of the reformation, but soon many princes, particularly in Germany, supported its ideas. Therefore, Pope Paul III desired a council. But the council could not meet until 1545 and met right before Martin Luther's death. The council was moved to Bologna in March 1547 with the excuse of avoiding a plague; without any plans to meet again, 17 September 1549. 
The council was reopened at Trento, 1 May 1551, by Pope Julius III (1550–55); broken up 1552, recalled by Pope Pius IV (1559–65) for the last time, 18 January 1562, when it continued until 4 December 1563.

Objects were:

The results were:

The doctrinal decisions of the council are divided into decrees ("decreta"), which contain the positive statement of the conciliar dogmas, and into short canons ("canones"), which condemn the differing Protestant views with the concluding ""anathema sit"" ("let him be anathema").



Du gamla, du fria

"Du gamla, du fria" (, meaning "Thou ancient, thou free"), originally titled "Sång till Norden" (meaning "Song to the North"), is the national anthem of Sweden. The words of the song were written by Richard Dybeck in 1844, and the melody used for this song is based on a traditional folk tune, which was later rearranged by Swedish composer and librarian Edvin Kallstenius nearly a century later.

Unlike Norway's national anthem, "Ja, vi elsker dette landet", the Swedish anthem has not been made official yet—the Swedish constitution has yet to mention a national anthem.


Gospel of Matthew

The Gospel of Matthew is a book of the Bible. (Its full name is the Gospel According to Matthew, but it is often called the Gospel of Matthew or just Matthew). It is one of the four gospels of the New Testament that tell the story of Jesus' life and teachings. 

It is "not" thought to have been written by the apostle Matthew, who was one of Jesus' twelve apostles (see below). The Gospel of Matthew is called one of the synoptic gospels because it has some of the same stories and language as the Gospels of Mark and Luke.

Matthew wrote the gospel mainly for the Jewish people, to show them that Jesus is really the Messiah. Like the Gospels of Mark and Luke, Matthew tells many stories about Jesus' life. Matthew's gospel also talks about Jewish scripture. 

Early Christian tradition attributes the gospel to the apostle Matthew. This is now rejected by modern scholars. The name of the author is not known. Likely it was written in Syria, in the last quarter of the first century AD. Because it spread rapildly, it was likely written in a city. A city commonly cited is Antioch on the Orontes. the mdern-day city of Antakya. The writer was likely the head of a community. The Gospel of Mark was the first one to be written down. It is dated to the 40s, or perhaps 50s AD. The gospels of Luke and Mark used it as a source. But Matthew did not simply copy Mark, he used the text to show that Jesus had his place in Jewish tradition. He also included details that cannot be found in the Gospel of Mark. In addition, Matthew probably used a collection of sayings, known as the Q source, which is now lost. 


Gospel of Mark

The Gospel of Mark is a book of the Bible. It is the second book of the New Testament and comes after the Gospel of Matthew even though it may have been written before it. The writer is believed to have been John Mark, a friend of Simon Peter, who was one of the Twelve apostles of Jesus. 

The four gospels tell the story of the life of Jesus. The word "gospel" means "good news". The Gospel of Mark moves quickly, and the story shows how much Jesus worked during his short 3-year ministry. Mark's gospel tells many things about Jesus which are also found in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke. Matthew, Mark and Luke are called "Synoptic gospels" for this reason. 

Most scholars date Mark AD 65-75. It is thought to be the first of the gospels to be written. Mark's gospel may have been written with Gentiles in mind. It gives the meaning of some of Jesus' words in Greek that would have been known to Jews but not to other people. Mark's leaves out many details in the other gospels, such as the stories about the birth of Jesus. He includes many stories of Jesus doing miracles, more than any other Bible writer.

In telling about the arrest of Jesus to be crucified, the book mentions a young man who was almost caught by the guards, but who slipped out of his robe and got away. Some think this young man was Mark himself, since there is no other reason to include such a small detail. If it was Mark, means that Mark was a follower of Jesus who probably saw him crucified and come back to life after three days. 

The last chapter of Mark has some verses after verse 8 that may not have been part of the original gospel, as they are missing is some early hand written copies of the book. However, they give further information about what Jesus said after his resurrection. These sayings are similar to what the other gospels record. 



Gospel of Luke

The Gospel of Luke is a book of the Bible. Like the other gospels, the "Gospel of Luke" tells the stories of the life and teachings of Jesus. It is the third and longest book of the New Testament and comes after the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Mark. The gospel is believed to be written by Luke, who was a friend of the Apostle Paul. 

Luke was a doctor. He wrote his gospel for a man he calls 'most excellent Theophilus' (1:3). Luke wrote another book which is fifth in the New Testament, the Acts of the Apostles which tells what Jesus' disciples did after his rise back to Heaven.

Unlike the gospel writers Matthew, Mark and John, Luke was probably not Jewish but was Greek. He wrote the gospel mainly for non-Jewish people, (who were called Gentile by the Jews). Luke wrote to prove that Jesus is the Son of God. Luke's gospel contains many similar stories of Jesus. He tells more about the Virgin birth of Jesus than the other gospel writers.


Gospel of John

The Gospel of John is a book of the Bible. It is one of the four "gospels" at the beginning of the New Testament. The four gospels tell the life of Jesus. The "Gospel of John" is the fourth book of the New Testament, after the gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke.
In the gospel, it is says that the book was written by "the disciple whom Jesus loved". It is believed that John the Apostle, the son of Zebedee, wrote the gospel. He was probably the youngest of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus. John lived a long life and was imprisoned on the Island of Patmos in his old age. He also wrote the last book of the New Testament, called the "Book of Revelation". 

The Gospel of John tells many of the stories of Jesus' life that are in the other three gospels, but also contains a lot of different information. The Gospel begins by calling Jesus "the Word" (the Communication of God). It says ""In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God and the Word was God."" In John's Gospel, the writer shows that Jesus was part of God, who came to live among humanity so that they could "hear His voice" and have the power to become true "children of God". 

According to the gospel, the accounts are written so that the reader ""may believe that Jesus is the Messiah, the Son of God, and that by believing you may have life in His name"". (TNIV; John 20:31)

The book follows a pattern. There are seven "signs" leading up to the raising from the dead of Lazarus (this anticipates the resurrection of Jesus), and seven "I am" sayings and discussions, leading up to Thomas saying that the risen Jesus is "my Lord and my God" 

There is some disagreement over whether the John who wrote the letters of John, the John who wrote the Gospel of John, and the John who wrote the Book of Revelation are the same person.

The phrase "born again" comes from the third chapter, and was the title of a book by Chuck Colson who was a lawyer for President Nixon but after being in jail became a prison reformer. The phrase was used later for any person who had a dramatic change in their life. 

Chapter 3, verse 16 is perhaps the best known verse in the entire New Testament. "For God loved the world so much that He gave his only son (Jesus), so that whoever believed in Him, would not die but live forever". This verse was searched on the internet by millions of people after Tim Tebow, an American football player wrote "Jn 3:16" on his face in an important football game.



Sofia Rotaru

Sofia Mihailovna Evdokimenko-Rotaru (born in Marshintsy, Novoselitskiy Rayon, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine on August 7, 1947), simply known as Sofia Rotaru, is a popular Russian, Ukrainian, Moldavian and formerly Soviet singer, actress and producer.

Rotaru now lives in Ukraine. She has made many albums over the years; some of the more famous ones are "Ballade About Violins", "Lavender" ("Lavanda"), and "I Still Love You".

Epistle to the Romans

The Epistle to the Romans or Letter to the Romans, is one of the letters written by the Apostle Paul to churches in different cities. Here, the letter is addressed to the early church in Rome, Italy.

Paul wrote the letter to the Romans to explain a very important point in Christianity. He proves, by quoting the Old Testament, that all humankind is guilty of sin before God. People whom God calls righteous can only do so by trusting in God's ways, and not by their own effort. Only by believing in Jesus, who is the Christ and who died for humanity for their sins, can people be saved. 

Once this belief is had, the believer receives the Holy Spirit, who helps the believer live a new life. Paul asks the Romans to observe Christian ethics and submit themselves to authorities.

The letter remains very influential in explaining to non-Christians and new Christians what their Christian belief is all about.

Moe Szyslak

Moe Szyslak is a fictional character on the long running TV show The Simpsons. His voice is performed by Hank Azaria. He is the bartender of Moe's Tavern. He speaks with a rough voice.

Moe is the owner and only worker at Moe's Tavern. On some occasions he has had temporary help. The most notable of these occasions being in "Homer the Moe". His two most loyal customers are Barney Gumble and Homer Simpson.


First Epistle to the Corinthians

The First Epistle to the Corinthians, or the First Letter to the Corinthians, is a long letter written by the Apostle Paul to the church in Corinth.

Paul wrote to the Corinthian church for a number of reasons. He realizes the church at Corinth is divided and explains that although himself and a few disciples had helped start the church, the church was really headed by Christ Jesus Himself. "I planted the seed, Apollos watered it, but God has been making it grow." (TNIV) 

Paul scolds the church members there for sexual immorality and asks for these immoral people to be thrown out of the church. 

He gives instructions for marriage, against worshipping worthless idols (idolatry), for spiritual gifts like prophecy. Paul praises the superior way of love and urges the church to be united. 

At the end, Paul states that the resurrection of Christ is true. He supports it with testimonies from "more than five hundred of the brothers and sisters" and it is this very truth which makes certain the believers will have eternal life.

Finally Paul tells of his plans to visit the Corinthians, and that Timothy, his co-worker, is coming to their church very soon.

Epistle to the Hebrews

The Epistle to the Hebrews or Letter to the Hebrews is one of the letters of the New Testament. Although it is believed by many to be written by the Apostle Paul, many others think it might have been written by one group of early Christians to a general group of Jews (also called Hebrews), or to a church with Jewish members.

The letter explains that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, is the perfect sacrifice for human sinners. He is superior to angels and is our High priest in the order of Melchizedek. Jesus is the Messiah whose coming gives us the superior New Covenant, as compared to the Old Covenant of Abraham and
Moses. The writers state that if the Old Covenant was faultless, God would not have sent his Son to start a new one.

By stating that people are called righteous through their faith and belief in God's ways, the writers urge the readers to receive God's grace by accepting Jesus Christ.

Alan Kuo

Alan Kuo () is a Taiwanese rock singer and actor.

Alan is the son of the late Taiwanese stuntman-actor Blackie Ke. For his father, he wrote two songs, each in one of his albums in the same number of track. "Wake Up" and "I Miss You", these two songs shows his relationship with his father, how much his father had changed him. Before actually starting to receive the chance to release his first album he went through a lot of hard work. First of all, he started from a guitar, up to writing songs and lyrics. When he first entered Alpha Music, Jay Chou told him that he should know how to write his own songs, so that people would want to listen to his music, influenced by this Alan began writing his own songs. Secondly, he wrote more than hundreds of songs just to make the world hear his voice. For this purpose, Alan Kuo’s music director requires him to edit and edit his songs, every year, every month, every week, and every day. He kept on working on his songs for perfection. Finally, he edited his songs and made new songs in the 6 years of preparation, just for the best 12 songs for all the people anticipating for his music. In the meantime, during the 6 years of hard work for his first album, his courage was being challenged, his father died of an accident, but it did not stop him. In fact he continued going after his first album, trying to show us how hard he worked and especially to show his father in heaven. As a result, on 8/19/2005, Alan Kuo’s first album came out with 12 songs that rocked the listeners, the music that shows you the 6 years of hard work and effort he gave on his music, Alan Kuo. In 2007, Alan changed his Chinese name from 柯有倫 to 柯有綸. It still has the same pronunciation though.




C-rock

C-rock is short for Chinese rock music. C-rock ( or ; literally "Chinese shaking and rolling music") can be performed in any dialect of Chinese language. Some people consider C-rock a subgenre of C-pop.

The history of C-rock before the 1980s is very unclear though it is believed to have existed in the 1970s or even the 1960s.
The first clear sign of Chinese rock was the 西北风 Xi Bei Feng (literally Northwest Wind). Xi Bei Feng is style of folk-influenced punk music, originating from the northwestern area of China, such as the Shanxi and Gansu provinces. The new style was triggered by two new songs, "信天游 Xin Tian You" and "一无所有". As time passed, Xi Bei Feng became stronger, more fast-tempo and aggressive. In contrast to the mellow C-pop style, XBF songs were sung loudly and forcefully.

Many XBF songs challenged political views, reflected unhappiness among Chinese youth and individuality and self-empowerment. Both music and lyrics articulated a sense of pride in the power of the northwest's peasantry. Songs such as "妹妹你大胆的往前走" came to represent an earthy, primordial masculine image of China, as opposed to the soft, sweet, polished urban gang tai style.

囚歌, also known as Prison songs or Prison rock, became popular in the late 1980s. Prison rock was more folk-like than the XBF style. Prison rock was led & created by 迟志强 Chi Zhi Qiang, who wrote lyrics about his time in jail and set them to folk melodies from northeast China. In contrast to Northwest Wind songs, prison songs were slow and "weepy", and were characterised by the rude and vulgar language and lyrics showing pessimism, despair, anticonformity and cynicism.

The birthplace of Chinese rock was Beijing. Rock and roll was not common until the late 1980s. Some rebellious trends from punk XBF were revived. In 1989 and 1990, rock and roll came into mainstream music as a combination of the Northwest Wind and prison song fads.

After the protests in Tiananmen Square rock and roll became part of general urban youth culture in China. Its popularity growth celebrated on 17 and 18 February 1990 when Beijing's largest rock concert was held in the Capital Gymnasium. The concert featured six rock bands.

Chinese rock and roll's peak popularity was between 1990 and 1993. Many rock bands were established and rock music was performed regularly. Rock and roll was not approved of by the Chinese government because many performers had anti-conformist behaviour. The government made sure that rock and roll was not to be broadcast on CCTV, so the main venues remained to be informal, underground rock parties. Some fans and performers had characteristics such as long hair for males, jeans, silver metal ornaments, black leather coats and hippie-style behaviour.

By 1994, rock and roll slowly began to decline. One of the reasons is because of the censorship by the Communist Party of China, such as the banning of rock from television and restrictions on performances. The main reason, however, is the general lack of interest in anti-conformist and anti-Government thoughts and behaviour. In the mid 1990s, people became more interested in C-pop and newer stars at the time such as Andy Lau and the Four Heavenly Kings of Cantonese pop.

From 2000 to 2004, rock in China grew in popularity again, influenced by Japanese rock trends, including pop-rock, Visual kei and Gothic Lolitta and some American rock music styles such as light rock, soft rock, piano rock, post-grunge and alternative rock.

Another important step in the development of Chinese rock music is the Beijing Midi School of Music in Beijing. Established 1993 by Zhang Fan, it was the first school in China offering classes specialising in jazz and rock music. Started as a festival in 1999, the Midi Modern Music Festival became the largest rock music festival in China. Both the school and the festival supported the underground scene in China and allowed foreign bands in 2006 to perform at the festival and throughout the country, including Alev, Monokino, YMA and The Wombats.

In addition to the Midi school, the goth rock magazine Painkiller Magazine brought bands such as Edguy, Lacrimosa and Hatesphere to fame in China.



Cleo Lemon

Cleotha Lemon, Jr. (born August 16, 1979) is an American football coach and former professional football quarterback. He is the wide receivers coach for the Jackson State Gamecocks. He played for parts of 3 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the San Diego Chargers, Miami Dolphins, Baltimore Ravens and Jacksonville Jaguars. He also played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the Memphis Xplorers of the AF2.

He started playing in the NFL for the Baltimore Ravens in 2002. Lemon played for the San Diego Chargers from 2003 to 2005. He then played for the Miami Dolphins until the 2007 season. He played for the Jacksonville Jaguars in 2008 before being cut from the team. He joined the Toronto Argonauts of Canadian Football League (CFL) and played for them from March 17, 2010 until he was released on September 6, 2011.

He played college football at Arkansas State. Lemon retired from playing professional football in 2011.


Reformed churches

The Reformed churches are a group of Christian Protestant denominations that are historically related by a doctrine that is identical or similar to Calvinism. It developed in the Swiss Reformation led by Huldrych Zwingli and John Calvin, but soon afterwards appeared in nations throughout Western Europe. Each nation in which the Reformed movement was originally established had its own church government. Several of these local churches have expanded to worldwide denominations and most have experienced schisms into multiple denominations. 

The first Reformed Churches were established in Europe in the 1500s, in the wake of the Protestant Reformation.

Reformed doctrine is expressed in various texts]. Some of them are used by many denominations. Different denominations use different confessions, usually based on historical reasons. Some of the confessions still commonly in use are (with year of writing):

Reformed churches have two main forms of ecclesiastical polity:


Augsburg Confession

The Augsburg Confession, also known as the "Augustana" from its Latin name, "Confessio Augustana," is the most important confession of faith of the Lutheran Church. The Augsburg Confession is normative to all Lutheran Churches everywhere and in all times. It is also one of the most important documents of the Lutheran Reformation. The Augsburg Confession was presented by a number of German rulers and free-cities at the Diet of Augsburg on June 25, 1530.


Brainin

Brainin (Брайнин, also Brainen, Brajnin, Braynen, Breinin) is Russian-Jewish surname. It may refer to:
<br>

Other spellings:


Norbert Brainin

Norbert Brainin (March 12, 1923 in Vienna – April 10 2005 in London) was the first violinist of the Amadeus Quartet, one of the world's most famous string quartets.

Because of Brainin's Jewish origin, he was driven out of Vienna after Hitler's Anschluss of 1938, as were the violinist Siegmund Nissel and violist Peter Schidlof. Brainin and Schidlof met in a British internment camp. Like many Jewish refugees who came to the UK for safety, they became "aliens" and were kept in confinement.

Brainin was made free after a few months, but Schidlof stayed in the camp, where he met Nissel. Finally Schidlof and Nissel were freed, and the three of them were able to study with violin teacher Max Rostal, who taught them free of charge. It was through Rostal that they met cellist Martin Lovett, and in 1947 they formed the Brainin Quartet, which was renamed the Amadeus Quartet in 1948.

The Amadeus was one of the best-known quartets of the 20th Century, and its members were given many honours, including: 


The quartet stopped playing together in 1987 after Schidlof died, because the others thought that no other violist would fit in to the group so well. Norbert Brainin continued to perform as a soloist, often performing with pianist Günter Ludwig.

His instruments included the "Rode" Guarnerius del Gesu of 1734, the "Chaconne" Stradivarius of 1725 and the "Gibson" Stradivarius of 1713.


Amadeus Quartet

The Amadeus Quartet was a world famous string quartet founded in 1947. First violin - Norbert Brainin, second violin - Siegmund Nissel, viola - Peter Schidlof, cello - Martin Lovett.

Violinists Norbert Brainin, Siegmund Nissel and Peter Schidlof were forced to leave Vienna for London because of their Jewish origin after Hitler's Anschluss of 1938. When World War II broke out they were sent to internment camps because they were "enemy aliens" (foreigners from a country that Britain was fighting against). The three violinists met up in camp and spent a lot of time playing music together. Soon they were set free because they were "distinguished artists" (actually they were unknown at the time). They studied with violin teacher Max Rostal, who taught them free of charge. Another student of Rostal was Suzanne Rozsa, who was married to the cellist Martin Lovett. Peter Schidlof changed to playing the viola, and they played string quartets together. In 1947 they formed the Brainin Quartet. Nissel then thought of the name "Amadeus Quartet". He thought it sounded better than calling the group by the name of the first violinist. The quartet was renamed the Amadeus Quartet in 1948 (Amadeus was one of Mozart's names).

The group gave its first performance as the Amadeus Quartet in the Wigmore Hall, London on Jan. 10, 1948. They were soon performing in concerts, festivals and masterclasses all over the world. The quartet made about 200 recordings, among them the complete quartets of Ludwig van Beethoven, Johannes Brahms, and W. A. Mozart. They also performed works by such 20th-century composers as Béla Bartók and Benjamin Britten (who wrote his third quartet especially for them).

The Amadeus was one of the most celebrated quartets of the 20th century.

They had always agreed that if one of them became ill or died, the quartet would not play with any other person. The quartet stopped playing in 1987 after the death of the violist Peter Schidlof.

Norbert Brainin died in 2005 and Siegmund Nissel in 2008.

'The Amadeus Forty Years in Pictures and Words' compiled by Suzanne Rozsa-Lovett available from beares1@btconnect.com


Valeri Brainin

Valeri Brainin (born 27 January 1948) is a Russian/German musicologist, music manager, composer, and poet. Born in Nizhny Tagil, Russia, in the family of Austrian poet and translator, political émigré Boris Brainin (Sepp Österreicher), who belonged to the well-known Viennese Brainin family. He lives at the moment both in Hanover, Germany, and in Moscow. Brainin is of Jewish descent.

President (from 2004) of the Russian Federation Society for Music Education (RussSME) – National Affiliate of the International Society for Music Education (ISME), a member of UNESCO. Head of the Laboratory of New Technologies in Music Education, Moscow State Pedagogical University. Art Director of Classica Nova International Music Competition. Art Director of the net of Brainin Music Schools (Brainin-Musikschulen), Germany. He has directed seminars/master courses at conservatoires and universities in Austria, Columbia, Germany, Italy, Russia, USA, etc. In addition he offered weekly music talks on Radio Liberty from Munich and Prague, and has literary, critical and scientific musical publications in Russian, German, English, and Italian.

Brainin is a full Member of the International Teacher's Training Academy of Science (Moscow), and of other scientific/pedagogical societies, he studied mathematics, linguistics, musical pedagogics, music theory and composition. He has had works performed in the Bolshoi Theatre, Moscow, and taught at Moscow's Gnessin Music School for specially gifted children. The Brainin Teaching Method for ‘development of musical intelligence in children’ became a standard part of the curriculum. He is also a noted piano teacher for children. Among his former students there are some prize-winers of national and international competitions.

Russian poet (also known as Valeri (Willi) Brainin-Passek), a pupil of Arseny Tarkovsky, a member (1985-1990) of Moscow Club „Poezia“ together with Yury Arabov, Jewgenij Bunimovitch, Mikhail Epstein, Alexandr Eremenko, Sergej Gandlevskij, Nina Iskrenko, Timur Kibirov, Alexei Parshchikov, Dmitri Prigov, Lev Rubinstein, a. o. 
Most essential poetry publications: 
Russian: 
literary magazines "Znamya" (Moscow), "Novy Mir" (Moscow), "Arion" (Moscow), "Ogonyok" (Moscow), "Grani" (Frankfurt-am-Main), "Dvadtsat dva" (Jerusalem), "Kreshchatik" (Kiev), anthologies "Verses of the Century" (Moscow, compiled by Yevgeny Yevtushenko) and "Verses of the Century-2" (Moscow).
English: 
literary magazine "Partisan Review" (Boston).

See also Brainin.

Partisan Review

Partisan Review was an American political and literary quarterly published from 1934 to 2003, though it suspended publication between October 1936 and December 1937. It was founded by William Phillips and Philip Rahv. It grew out of the John Reed Club as an alternative to "New Masses", the publication of the American Communist Party, but became anti-Communist after Stalin. Many of its early authors were the children of Jewish immigrants from Europe. The journal reached its peak influence from the late 1930s to the early 1960s, but then gradually lost its relevance to modern American culture. Phillips died in September 2002 at age 94. The journal continued under his wife Edith Kurzweil until April 2003.

In 1949, "Partisan Review" awarded George Orwell £357 for the year's most significant contribution to literature, "Nineteen Eighty-Four".

Classic stories and articles first published in Partisan Review:




List of Russian-language poets

Poets who wrote much of their poetry in the Russian language.
























Blue-eyed soul

Blue Eyed Soul is a term used to describe Soul and R&B music sung by white people. The term was first used in the 1960s about white artists performing music which was similar to the music being performed by Motown artists. It is sometimes called white soul.


Recherswil

Recherswil is a municipality in the district Wasseramt, in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Boston, Lincolnshire

Boston is a town and small port in Lincolnshire, on the east coast of England.

Stade

Stade is a city in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is the seat of the district which is named the same as the city.

The city was founded in 994 when it was called "Stethu". A city on the banks of the Lower Elbe it became an important market town, and a port. It was given a town charter in 1209. From 1645 to 1712, the Stade was controlled by Sweden, who made it an important military town. On May 26, 1659, the "Great Fire" destroyed more than half the city.

Stade (district)

Stade is a district ("Landkreis") in Lower Saxony, Germany. The district's seat is Stade. 

Hasselt, Netherlands

Hasselt is a small city seven km north of Zwolle city, in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 7,400 people were living there in 2021.

Hasselt was also a municipality. In 2001, it became a part of the new created municipality of Zwartewaterland, of which Hasselt is the seat.

Hasselt got city rights in 1252, and joined the Hanseatic League about 1350.


Chain letter

A chain letter is a message that tries to convince the person who gets it to make copies of the letter and then pass them on to as many people as possible. A chain letter can be a type of meme. Common ways used in chain letters include stories that make the recipient feel sorry for the person, get-rich-quick pyramid schemes, and the use of superstition to threaten the recipient with bad luck, physical violence or death if he or she "breaks the chain" and does not follow the instructions given in the letter.

Stanisław Ulam

Stanisław Marcin Ulam (April 13, 1909 – May 13, 1984) was a Polish mathematician who took part in the Manhattan Project and proposed the design used for most thermonuclear weapons. 

He also proposed using nuclear explosions to propel rockets, and he developed several mathematical tools in number theory, set theory, ergodic theory and algebraic topology. Above all, he is known by being a coauthor (with Nicholas Metropolis) of the Monte Carlo algorithm.

Ulam was of Jewish descent.

Reichsuniversität Straßburg

The Reichsuniversität Straßburg was founded 1941 by the National Socialists in Alsace. The purpose was to create a university continuousness to Universität Straßburg that existed till the 1. World War. Also, it was important for the German invaders to propagate the „pure German knowledge“ of National Socialistic character in occupied France. The Reichsuniversität was dissolved in 1944.


Somatosensory system

The 'somatosensory system' is a sensory system that detects experiences labelled as touch or pressure, temperature (warm or cold), pain (including itch and tickle) and those that belong to proprioception. These are the sensations of muscle movement and joint position including posture, movement, visceral (internal) senses and facial expression. Visceral senses have to do with sensory information from within the body, such as stomach aches.

Touch may be considered one of five human senses; however, when a person touches something or somebody this gives rise to various feelings: the perception of pressure (shape, softness, texture, vibration, etc.), relative temperature and sometimes pain. Thus the term "touch" is actually the combined term for several senses. In medicine, the colloquial term "touch" is usually replaced with somatic senses, to better reflect the variety of mechanisms involved.




Schandmaul

Schandmaul is a medieval folk rock band from Munich, Germany. They formed in 1998. The members right now are: Thomas Lindner, Birgit Muggenthaler, Anna Kränzlein, Martin Duckstein, Stefan Brunner, Matthias Richter. 
The first song (Teufelsweib) was recorded in 1998. In the following year they released their very first Album "Wahre Helden". In 2000 the Album "Von Spitzbuben und anderen Halunken" has been redorded and released. In 2001 the band was discorvered by a record label, which led to the rerelease of "Von Spitzbuben und Halunken".




Flash (tattoo)

A flash (also known as a "tattoo flash") is a design or picture that is used in order to create a tattoo. They often come in sets like a poster (called flash sheets), and can be seen in most tattoo shops.

Tattoo flashes are often drawn for general use, rather than being a custom made piece like some personal tattoos. However, some flashes have space for personalisation, for example space for the person to include a name in their tattoo.

Tattoo flashes come in a variety of different designs, and are divided into categories such as celtic, heart, arm band tattoos e.t.c. A person wanting a tattoo made from a flash chooses which design they like best. Then the tattooist uses a stencil to draw the basic design onto the skin of the person being tattooed, and afterwards starts to make the tattoo.


Itch

Itch (Latin: pruritus) is an unpleasant sensation that leads to the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has many similarities to pain and both are unpleasant sensory experiences but their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a reflex withdrawal while itch leads to a scratch reflex. Nerve fibers for itch and pain both are in the skin, but information for them is sent centrally in two distinct systems that both use the same nerve bundle.

Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but has important differences. 

The feeling of itchiness can be caused by a movement of hair or the release of a chemical (histamine) from cells under the skin. Itchiness is regarded as protective, as it helps creatures remove parasites that land on their skin.

Itching can be caused by:

A variety of over-the-counter and prescription anti-itch drugs are available. Some plant products have been found to be effective anti-pruritics, others not. Non-chemical remedies include cooling, warming, soft stimulation.

Sometimes scratching relieves isolated itches, hence the existence of devices such as the back scratcher. Often, however, scratching can intensify itching and even cause further damage to the skin, dubbed the "itch-scratch-itch cycle".


Tony Hibbert

Anthony James Hibbert (born 20 February 1981) is an English former professional football player.

He is a defender who plays on the right side. He is well known at Everton for his tackling but his passing and crossing has let him down on more than one occasion. He made his debut for Everton against West Ham United F.C.. In this game he won a penalty for Everton. Hibbert was at Everton for all of his career.

Hibbert was called up to the England under-21 team in October 2002 for games against Slovakia and Macedonia but he did not play in either game due to a hamstring injury.

Source:

Everton Youth

Everton

Leighton Baines

Leighton Baines (born 11 December 1984) is a retired English footballer. He was known for his time at Everton and the England national football team.
Baines started his career with Wigan Athletic. He was a defender who plays on the left side. He wears the number 3 on his Everton shirt. He has played for England at under-21 and senior levels. He has scored only one goal while playing for England. He scored four times while at Wigan. 

Wigan Athletic

Everton

Individual

Joseph Yobo

Joseph Yobo (born 6 September 1980) is a Nigerian football player who plays for Everton in the Premier League.

He is a defender who normally plays in the centre, but can play on the right of defence or in midfield.

He signed from French side Olympique Marseille in 2001 and has become a favourite at Everton ever since.

He is the Everton vice-captain and first captained Everton against Larissas in a 3-1 victory in the UEFA Cup, replacing the injured Phil Neville.

Yobo is also captain of the national Nigerian side.

When he first joined Everton he wore the number 20 on his shirt, but this changed to 4 when Alan Stubbs left for Sunderland

48||2||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||48||2
23||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||23||0
0||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||0||0
202||7||5||0||12||0||13||1||232||8
273||9||5||0||12||0||13||1||303||10

!Total||62||4

Joleon Lescott

Joleon Patrick Lescott (born 16 August 1982) is an ex-English footballer who played for Manchester City and the England national football team. He was a defender who could play on the left or in the centre.

Lescott was born in Birmingham. At 17 he began playing for the Wolverhampton Wanderers. In 2006 he was named in the Championship team of the season. He also got the Wolves' Player of the Year award.

Lescott was sold to Everton at the start of the 2006–07 season. On 8 May 2008, Lescott was voted Everton's Player of the Year and Players Player of the Year.

Following the end of the 2008–09 season, Manchester City tried to sign Lescott. Everton said no. On 11 August 2009, Lescott asked to move to Manchester City. Again Everton said no. The manager said Lescott had a "bad attitude" and did not have him play. Then on 25 August 2009 he was traded to Manchester City. Fans in Everton are now angry at Lescott for leaving. They boo when he takes the field.

On 13 May 2012 Lescott helped Man City win their first premiership title in 44 years.

Wolverhampton Wanderers

Everton

Manchester City

Individual

Mikel Arteta

Mikel Arteta (born 26 March 1982) is a Spanish professional football manager and former player. He is currently the manager of Premier League club Arsenal.

He first signed for Everton on loan from Spanish side Real Sociedad in 2005, but after many good performances manager David Moyes made this move permanent.

Despite being rated one of the best midfielders in English football, Arteta has never played for Spain.

On 12 March 2020, it was announced that Arteta had tested positive for COVID-19 amid its pandemic in the UK.

15||1||||||||||||||15||1
31||2||||||||||||||31||2
50||12||||||||||||||50||12
130||17||9||2||6||0||12||3||157||22
226||32||9||2||6||0||12||3||253||37


John Winter

John Winter (September 8, 1967 - April 5, 2007) was a weather man for NBC's channel WFLA-TV in Tampa, Florida.

Winter was born and grew up in Seminole, Florida. He was a graduate of Seminole High School. Winter was a Bachelor of Arts graduate in weather at the University of Kansas. He started his job as a television weather man at KGBT-TV in Harlingen, Texas. Winter worked there for two years before he moved near Tampa in 1994. It was in Tampa that he started working for WFLA-TV. He was most often the morning meteorologist for WFLA-TV but he sometimes would make the evening reports. Winter held the "Seal of Approval" from the American Meteorological Society.

As well as being a weather man, Winter also owned the company "Big U Media" with a friend who also worked at WFLA-TV. Big U Media was an advertising company. He was also a member of a local charitable organization and Mardi Gras krewe, The Rough Riders. They helped underprivileged and sick children by giving teddy bears at homeless shelters and in hospitals.

Winter loved animals. Each hour, during his morning weather reports, he would show an animal up for adoption. He did this for the local animal shelters. The adoption rate was very good.

On April 5, 2007, the police got a telephone call from an unknown person about problems at Winter's home. While the deputies pounded on his front door of his home in the Tealside section of Lithia, Winter shot himself. He died very quickly. His death was a surprise to the people who worked with him and viewers. He had left the WFLA after a newscast the night before cheerful and upbeat in mood. It was learned that he suffered from severe depression.


Saskia van Uylenburgh

Saskia van Uylenburgh (August 2, 1612 - June 14, 1642) was the wife of the Dutch painter Rembrandt van Rijn and the model for some of the great artist's paintings and drawings.

Ecliptic

The ecliptic is the plane of Earth's orbit around the Sun. 

The Sun appears to move against the background of stars because the Earth orbits the Sun.

The invariable plane is the average plane of the orbits of the planets. Properly, it is defined as the plane passing through its barycenter (center of mass). The present ecliptic plane is inclined to the invariable plane by about 1.5°. 

Janggu

The janggu (jahng goo) is a traditional Korean drum. It has the shape of an hourglass. The drum has two ends. The person playing the drum can either hang it on their neck or put it on the floor. It is played with two sticks.

Kkwaenggwari

The Kkwaenggwari (kwang gah ree) is a small gong used in Korean folk music.

Singapore Changi Airport

Singapore Changi Airport , or simply Changi Airport, is a commercial airport serving Singapore, and is one of the largest transportation hubs in Asia. It is located in Changi, at the eastern part of the island of Singapore, on a site. The airport also consists of Jewel Changi Airport.

The airport is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore (CAAS), and is the home base of Singapore Airlines, Singapore Airlines Cargo, Jetstar Asia Airways and Scoot.

Singapore Changi Airport has been rated the best airport in the world by Skytrax for 8 years in a row. The airport has also been rated as being one of the world's cleanest airports and highly rated international transit airports.

Changi Airport opened on July 1, 1981, and was the largest airport in Asia at the time of its opening. The first flight to arrive at the new airport came from Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Malaysia and the first flight to leave was for Penang, also in Malaysia.

When the airport first opened, it only handled about 8 million passengers a year. This number has grown, and in 2015, the airport handled a record of 55,448,964 passengers, a 2.5% increase over the previous year. 

The airport currently has four terminal buildings:
People can go between Terminals 1, 2, and 3 (but not Terminal 4) using an automatic, driverless train called the Skytrain. The system opened in 1990 and received new trains in 2006. A new building with shops and hotels is being built that will connect to each of these three terminals directly. It is called Jewel Changi Airport and will be ready in early 2019.

A new terminal building, Terminal 5, is being built on an empty piece of land opposite the current airport terminals. It will open in the 2020s and be bigger in size than Terminals 1, 2, and 3 combined.

It is very easy to get to and from Changi Airport.

One of the stations on Singapore's MRT network is called Changi Airport, and it is located at the end of a two-stop branch of the East West Line. The station, which opened in 2002, is located between Terminals 2 and 3 of the airport and can be reached from both terminals. To get into the city one has to change to another East West Line train at Tanah Merah or, since 2017, to the Downtown Line at Expo. Terminal 5 could possibly be served by an extension of the Thomson-East Coast Line when it is completed.


Middle class

The Middle class describes people who are not aristocrats/upper class nor working class or underclass but have a fair standard of living. Depending on class model used, the "middle class" may make up anywhere from 45% to 49% of households in the United States. They generally make up the largest group or the majority of the population in developed countries. In developing countries, the middle class, generally makes up a much smaller percentage of the population. There is a lower middle class and an upper middle class. In Marxism, middle class is the class below the upper class, who is the ruling class. The word "bourgeoisie" may also be used as a synonym of middle class.

It may be defined by the jobs people do, or by how much they earn. In the United Kingdom median disposable household income in 2022 was just under £33,000. Many businesses target middle class people. The top 20% of UK householders are responsible for 40% of consumer spending.


No Mercy (2007)

No Mercy 2007 was a professional wrestling event available on pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was the ninth yearly No Mercy event and took place on October 7, 2007 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois.

For the first time, there were three new WWE Championship reigns in one night, as Randy Orton was awarded the vacant title (previously held by John Cena) to start the event, only to lose it to Triple H less than a half-hour later, but in turn regain it at the end of the night in a Last Man Standing match.

The other championship matches on the undercard were Batista versus The Great Khali in a Punjabi Prison match for the World Heavyweight Championship, Candice Michelle versus Beth Phoenix for the WWE Women's Championship, and CM Punk versus Big Daddy V for the ECW Championship.

The main feud going into the event for the RAW brand was between WWE Champion John Cena and Randy Orton. The feud began in July after Orton was named the number one contender for Cena's WWE Championship. At SummerSlam, Cena won against Orton, while at Unforgiven, Orton beat Cena by disqualification. Immediately after the match, acting "RAW" General Manager Jonathan Coachman, believing that Cena got himself disqualified intentionally, made a rematch between the two at No Mercy, this time in a Last Man Standing Match. On September 17, after threatening to strip Cena of his title for his actions at Unforgiven, Coachman ordered Cena's father, Mr. Cena, to face Orton in a match. The match saw Orton hit Mr. Cena with an RKO, while John was forced to watch at ringside while handcuffed to a ring rope. The next week, Coachman said that Orton had been suspended indefinitely for his actions, although he later said that Orton had simply been given the night off. The feud resumed on October 1 when Orton, who earlier appeared "via satellite from Chicago", attacked Cena after his match with Mr. Kennedy, knocking him out with an RKO on the announce table. However, during the match, Cena was legitimately injured, suffering a complete tear of his right pectoral tendon. As a result, the match was canceled, and on the October 2 version of "ECW", WWE Chairman Vince McMahon officially stripped Cena of the WWE Championship. No replacement match was ever announced, as McMahon simply stated that "a new WWE Champion will be crowned this Sunday."

The main feud for the SmackDown! brand was between Batista, and World Heavyweight Champion The Great Khali. The feud began in July when Khali laid out an open challenge to the "SmackDown!" roster, which was answered by Batista. Shortly after, the feud began revolving around the World Championship when Khali won a twenty-man battle royal on "SmackDown!", winning the vacant title. At The Great American Bash, Khali won against Batista and Kane in a triple threat match, while at SummerSlam, Batista beat Khali by disqualification after Khali used a chair. At Unforgiven, Batista won against Khali and Rey Mysterio in a triple threat match to win the championship. Khali exercised his rematch clause for a match at No Mercy, to take place in his specialty match, the Punjabi Prison match.

The main feud for the ECW brand was between the ECW Champion, CM Punk, and Big Daddy V. The buildup began when General Manager Armando Estrada announced an "Elimination Chase to No Mercy", involving Elijah Burke, Tommy Dreamer, Kevin Thorn, and Stevie Richards. All four competitors competed in a match together, with the one losing the fall being eliminated from the chase. The rest of the wrestlers then competed again, and the process continued until one superstar was left, with the winner challenging Punk for the title at No Mercy. Over a three-week period, Richards, Thorn, and Burke were eliminated, with Dreamer winning the number one contendership, until Estrada announced that there was one more contender in the chase, Big Daddy V. V quickly won against Dreamer, winning the number one contendership.

Before the event went live on pay-per-view, a dark match between Hardcore Holly and Cody Rhodes took place, which Holly won after executing an Alabama Slam.
The event began with WWE Chairman Vince McMahon and Raw General Manager William Regal coming to the ring. McMahon reiterated that former WWE Champion John Cena would be out of action between six months and one year. He then said that the new WWE Champion was Randy Orton. After a brief celebration, Regal gave Orton the choice of facing anyone he wanted that night for the championship. Before he could name an opponent, however, Triple H came out, demanding a championship match for that moment. After suggesting that he “didn't have the guts", McMahon ordered the match to begin. Triple H won the match after a rollup, becoming an eleven-time World Champion. Orton's championship reign lasted less than thirty minutes.

The next contest was a bonus six-man tag team match, which saw Jeff Hardy, Paul London and Brian Kendrick take on Mr. Kennedy and the World Tag Team Champions Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch, which the latter won when Kennedy hit the Green Bay Plunge on London.

Backstage, McMahon informed Triple H that his previously scheduled match against Umaga was still going to take place, and that his newly-won WWE Championship would be on the line.

Next up was lone ECW match of the evening as Chicago-native CM Punk defended his ECW Championship against Big Daddy V. The meeting was short lived as V's manager, Matt Striker, attacked Punk a couple of minutes into the match, causing a disqualification. Afterward, V attacked Punk, hitting him with several elbow drops, causing Punk to bleed from the mouth.

In a continuation of their personal rivalry, WWE Tag Team Champions Matt Hardy and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) came out to have a pizza-eating contest. The contest was moderated by ECW color commentator Tazz and also featured Maria and Melina as scorekeepers. Hardy won the contest two slices to none.

Up next was the second WWE Championship match of the evening as Triple H defended his newly-won title against Umaga. Triple H won the match and kept the championship after hitting Umaga with a pedigree.

"Friday Night SmackDown!" was represented in the next match as Rey Mysterio took on Finlay. The referee ended the match after Finlay snapped his head off the floor. However, while being taken away on a stretcher, Finlay jumped out and attacked Mysterio.

Backstage, Triple H was having his ribs iced down when McMahon came in to inform him that Orton was invoking his automatic rematch clause for the WWE Championship, and that the match would be taking place later that night. In addition, the match would be Last Man Standing, Orton's originally scheduled match against Cena.

The fourth championship match of the night was a rematch from Unforgiven, with Women's Champion Candice Michelle defending the title against Beth Phoenix. Phoenix pinned Michelle after a cradled suplex, winning the Women's Championship for the first time.

"SmackDown!'s" main event saw Batista defend the World Heavyweight Championship against The Great Khali in a Punjabi Prison match. While locked in the inner cage, neither competitor was able to escape through one of the four trap doors. Khali was able to escape the inner cage first. However, while climbing the outer cage, Batista, who had by this time reached the top of the inner cage, jumped to the outer cage to pull even with Khali. In a head-to-head race, Batista was able to reach the floor first, winning the match, and keeping his championship.
The main event of the evening saw a rematch from the start of the show, with Triple H defending the WWE Championship against former champion Randy Orton in a Last Man Standing match. The only way to win the match was to beat up the opponent so much that they could not answer the referee's ten-count. This was Triple H's third match of the evening, and Orton's second. In the end, Orton hit the RKO on Triple H over an announce table, and Triple H could not answer the ten-count. Orton won the WWE Championship for the second time of the night, and Triple H's eleventh world title reign lasted a little over two hours.

The following night on "RAW", Shawn Michaels returned after a five-month layoff to resume his feud with Randy Orton, who originally injured him back at Judgment Day. This feud also saw the inclusion of Mr. Kennedy and Jeff Hardy, who, along with Michaels, were named to a fan ballot to find out who was Orton's opponent for the WWE Championship at Cyber Sunday. Michaels won the ballot, but failed to win the championship.

Batista resumed his feud with The Undertaker after Taker interfered in a number one contenders match between Finlay and Rey Mysterio. He was subsequently named the top contender, which brought about a Batista vs. Taker match for Cyber Sunday, with Steve Austin winning a fan poll to become the special guest referee.

Candice Michelle used her rematch clause for the WWE Women's Championship on the October 22 version of "Raw" in a Two out of three falls match. Beth Phoenix got the upperhand and the first pinfall. Candice eventually got control in the match, but lost it after a botched move from the top rope, causing her to fall on her neck, shoulder and face. As a result, Candice suffered a cracked clavicle and Phoenix retained the title.




Reverse osmosis

Reverse osmosis is a way of purifying water with the use of a filter (a membrane). The particles in the water are left on the other side of the sheet, while the water travels through it.The main use is for purifying salt water, but it can also be used to purify other substances.

Transport Layer Security

Transport Layer Security (TLS) Protocol and its predecessor, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), are cryptographic protocols that provide security and data integrity for communications over TCP/IP networks such as the Internet. Several versions of the protocols are common in applications such as electronic mail, instant messaging and voice-over-IP (VoIP).

The TLS protocol allows applications to communicate across a network in a way designed to prevent eavesdropping, tampering, and message forgery. TLS provides endpoint authentication and communications confidentiality over the Internet using cryptography. Most of the time, only the server is authenticated ("i.e.", its identity is ensured) while the client remains unauthenticated; this means that the end user (whether an individual or an application, such as a Web browser) can be sure with whom it is communicating. The next level of security is known as mutual authentication. Mutual authentication requires public key infrastructure (PKI) deployment to clients unless TLS-PSK or the Secure Remote Password protocol are used, which provide strong mutual authentication without needing to deploy a PKI.

SSL and TLS have been widely used in several open source software projects. Programmers may use the OpenSSL, NSS, or GnuTLS libraries for SSL/TLS functionality. Microsoft Windows includes SSL and TLS as part of its Secure Channel package. Delphi programmers may use a library called Indy.

The current approved version is 1.2, which is specified in:

The current standard obsoletes these former versions:

Other RFCs subsequently extended TLS, including:




Democratic-Republican Party

The Democratic-Republican Party was founded by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison in 1792. It became the most popular political party until the 1820s. In the 1824 United States presidential election it split into several factions, one of which became the modern-day Democratic Party. Its members spoke of the party as the Republicans, Jeffersonians, Democrats, or combinations of these (Jeffersonian republicans, etc.). A left-wing party, the party was based primarily on the concept of liberalism.

Jefferson and Madison created the party in order to oppose the economic and foreign policies of the Federalists, a party created a year or so earlier by Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton. Foreign policy issues were central; the party opposed the Jay Treaty of 1794 with Britain (then at war with France) and supported good relations with France before 1801. The party was against many of Hamilton's proposals concerning the Constitution.

Note that this party is different from the modern-day Republican Party.







Strict construction

Strict construction means a restriction of judicial interpretation. In the United States the phrase is also commonly used more loosely as a term for conservativism among the judiciary.

In its strict sense, strict construction requires a judge to apply the words as they are written and no farther, if the meaning of the text is clear. That is, judges should avoid drawing from a statute or constitution. 

For example, Justice Hugo Black argued that the First Amendment's injunction that "Congress shall make no law," should be construed strictly: the term "no law," Black thought, admitted virtually no exceptions.

Race Horses (band)

Race Horses are an indie/pop band from Aberystwyth, Wales. They started in 2005 as Radio Luxembourg. Its members were Meilyr Jones, Dylan Hughes, Gwion Llewelyn and Alun Gaffey. They split in 2012.

Radio Luxembourg

Radio Luxembourg may mean:


Assisi

Assisi is a town and a "comune" in Italy, in the region of Umbria. Assisi on the western side of the mountain called Mount Subasio. It is an important place because of its art, its architecture and its history. It is especially important to the Catholic religion. It was the birthplace of Saint Francis of Assisi, who was a Catholic saint. Saint Francis is most famous because he founded the Franciscan religious order in the year 1208. Saint Clare, a follower of Saint Francis, was also born in Assisi. She founded an order of religious women called the Poor Clares.

After Saint Francis and Saint Clare died, churches were built in their honor. The Church of Saint Francis, called the Basilica of Saint Francis of Assisi, is famous as his burial place. It is also famous for the fresco paintings on the walls and ceilings. Many visitors go to Assisi on pilgrimage. Many people also go there to see the town's art. Assisi was made into a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the year 2000. 
Around 1000 BC, large groups of people settled in this area. These were the Umbrians. They lived in small fortified villages on high ground. From 450 BC the Umbrians villages were taken over by the Etruscans. Then the Romans took control of central Italy by the "Battle of Sentinum" in 295 BC. They levelled out some land in terraces (wide steps) and built a large town called "Asisium" on the side of Mount Subasio. This town became "Assisi". Some buildings still can be seen from Roman times in Assisi. They include the walls, the main piazza, and the Temple of the Goddess Minerva, which is now a church called "Santa Maria sopra Minerva".

In 238 AD all the people of Assisi became Christian, because of the teaching of Bishop Rufino. He was martyred. It is believe that his body is buried under the Cathedral Church of San Rufino in Assisi.

The Ostrogoths of king Totila destroyed most of the town in 545. Then Assisi was the ruled by the Lombards, who came from the north of Italy, and then by the Frankish rulers.

In the 11th century (1000s), Assisi became a free town. But there was constant fighting between two groups called the Ghibellines and the Guelphs. Assisi mainly supported the Ghibellines, but the nearest big town, Perugia, supported the Guelphs. During the battle of Ponte San Giovanni (St. John's Bridge), the Guelphs from Perugia managed to capture a young man from Assisi. His name was Francesco di Bernardone. It was partly because of his experiences when he was captured that young Francesco decided that he would change from being a soldier. When he returned to his father's house, he put away all his riches and became a poor, wandering preacher, telling people to turn to God and live in peace with each other. He worked with the poor and the outcast people. They had no church except a ruin. St. Francis and his friends rebuilt the tiny ruined church for the shepherds and other poor people to worship in. It is called the "Porziuncola". Francesco (Francis) founded the Order of Franciscans. He was "canonized" (made a saint) in 1228 and is known as St. Francis. He is one of the most popular saints.

A large basilica church was built on the side of the mountain, in honour of St Francis, and was beautifully decorated with scenes of his life. One of the most famous scenes shows the story of St. Francis preaching to the birds. In 1997 Assisi was hit by the two earthquakes. Part of the roof of the basilica fell in, killing four people who were standing below, and damaging the painted ceiling. Many people "made donations" (gave money) to repair the building which was reopened less than two years later. 



The town has by two ancient castles. The oldest one was built by the Romans and is partly in ruins. 
The larger castle is called "Rocca Maggiore". It was built by Cardinal Albornoz in 1367 and was added to by Popes Pius II and Paul III. 
UNESCO has made all the main monuments, the churches and the town of Assisi as a World Heritage Site.

Festival Calendimaggio is held from May 1st-5th. There are processions, theatre, flag-weavers and dance.

Assisi Embroidery is a type of counted-thread embroidery which has been practised in Assisi since the 13th century.

Today the town has many groups coming to enjoy the simple peace of St. Francis. One such group has restored an 11th-century room and added altars to the world's religions. Pilgrims come from many countries to the Assisi East West Retreat Center in Piazza San Rufino in the spirit of St. Francis to sit and be in peace.



Federalist Party

</nowiki>

The Federalist Party (or Federal Party) was an American conservative political party from 1792 to 1816. The Federalists controlled the federal government until 1801. Alexander Hamilton formed the party during George Washington's first term. Hamilton built a network of supporters for his financial policies. Many supporters came from cities. These supporters grew into the Federalist Party, which wanted a fiscally sound and strong nationalistic government.

Hamilton and others published a number of newspaper essays in 1787 and 1788, which are known as Federalist Papers today. 

In 1789 with the start of the new government under the Constitution, President George Washington appointed his former chief of staff, Alexander Hamilton, to the office of Secretary of the Treasury. Hamilton wanted a strong national government with financial credibility. 

By 1790, Hamilton started building a nationwide coalition. He and his network of treasury agents tried to link together friends of the government, especially merchants and bankers, in the new nation's dozen major cities. His attempts to manage politics in the national capital to get his plans through Congress, then, "brought strong responses across the country. In the process, what began as a capital faction soon assumed status as a national faction and then, finally, as the new Federalist party." 

The party opposed the War of 1812 and dwindled away after the war in 1816. 


Special Forces Command (Turkey)

The Maroon Berets are a highly trained elite special operations armed force unit that was created by officers from the Turkish Army. They are also called "Bordo Bereliler". Their priority is to eliminate terrorists, attackers and foreign military threats on the Turkish Republic and provide homeland security. Other missions include behind enemy lines operations, high risk reconnaissance missions and front line engagement and termination missions.

There are three categories of education and training that a MB will undergo. These are Domestic, International and Specialty

Within these three categories, there are 47 different subjects. Domestic training takes 72 weeks of basic training; International training takes 10 to 52 weeks of specialized training in different countries. It takes 3.5 – 5 years to become a MB commando.

The Maroon Berets (MB) came into the public spotlight when they captured the PKK terrorist organization leader Abdullah Öcalan in Kenya. The identities of MB personal is classified. Unlike other special operations teams, MB Officers are battle hardened and are constantly operating and are active in the war on the PKK in the south eastern Iraqi border region of Turkey and even cross border action into Northern Iraq.

Birth of the Maroon Berets is just prior to the Korean War and immediately after World War II. Their first name was "Turkish Commandos" ().

In a bid to gain membership into NATO, Republic of Turkey sent army troops to combat during the Korean War. At the time the United States military didn't have special operations team therefore the Maroon Berets were the only special operations team to operate in the Korean War. MB officers would operate assault missions into North Korean territory and would recon and intelligence gathering missions into China. MB commandos were the only foreign armed force to operate on Chinese soil at that time. As of this date, the exact details and operations of the MB commandos in the Korean War remains classified.

In 1992, their name changed to "Maroon Berets" ().

The Maroon Berets remained highly active in the Turkish Invasion of Cyprus in 1974 ( also known as the 1974 Turkish-Greek war) and played a major role in the war. Turkish MB commandos priority throughout the war was to eliminate the Greek Junta armed forcein Cyprus which would ultimately cause the collapse of the Greek Junta Political-Military heavily armed force. The Maroon Berets and the Turkish Army would achieve this through two Invasions Invasion A and Invasion B with invasion scout and reconnaissance missions prior to Invasion A and Invasion B. Maroon Beret commandos would land undetected using high speed attack boats for Scouting and reconnaissance before the two main Invasion landing. They would sneak for miles giving locations for the main invasion landing vessels to land on, bomb coordinates for the Air Force to strike, map terrain, mark danger zones and hidden mine fields for the upcoming invading soldiers and plant charges to blow during the invasion. Their scouting and reconnaissance would last from 3 hours to 3 days. These missions were often highly risky and critical for the safety of Turkish Infantry troops, tanks and transport vehicles.

The Maroon Berets conduct daily operations against the PKK terrorist organization in the ongoing clashes between Turkish Security forces and Kurdish PKK Terrorists in an effort for an independent Kurdish state in south eastern Turkey and northern Iraq. Aside from daily operations Maroon Berets participated and led the Turkish Army into battle in 5 Invasions into Northern Iraq as far as 32 kilometers.

October 5th 1992, Operation Northern Iraq, in retaliation to an simultaneous attacks on 3 Turkish Gendarme Station which left 28 soldiers dead and 125 wounded. The Turkish Military captured 1,232 PKK terrorists and had killed another 1,551.

March 20th 1995, Operation Steel in retaliation of a Kurdish attack which left 64 Turkish soldiers dead and another 185 wounded. Result in the killing of 555 terrorists and the capture and execution of 13.

May 12th 1997, Operation Hammer in retaliation the a Kurdish attack which left 114 Turkish soldiers dead and another 338 wounded. Turkish Forces killed 2,730 and captured 415, all to be executed after prison sentences of 25 years.

September 25th 1997, operation Dawn, in retaliation to another attack which killed 31 Turkish soldiers and 91 wounded. 694 Killed and 151 executed on live television by firing squads in 3 different broadcasts.

February 21st, 2008 operation Sun in retaliation to a 5th Kurdish attack which killed 27 Turkish soldiers. Turkish Forces would kill 240 and capture 320, to jail.

All of the Invasions were led by Maroon Beret commandos followed by Gendarme Commandos and then by Army Soldiers.

Maroon Berets are all recruited from high rank Army officers who volunteer to join. Each recruit must have at least served 3 years as an Army soldier and must have certain amount of time received by Army operations either from exercises or actual clashes. They must undergo A) Domestic training witch takes 72 weeks B) International training takes 10 to 52 weeks depending on the rank of the volunteering officer. and C) specialty. After graduating from Special Operations Training commandos are tested before officially becoming an MB officer. They are expected to survive in all environmental conditions for at least 2 weeks, so they are left as an entire team in different environments each on with no equipment or help for 2 weeks as a part of the final testing stage. If they survive they become MB commandos. They are also tested by a number of other near impossible tests which can be anything from performing the Trust shot to a few questions on subjects they learned in training. On the last month of training Maroon Berets receive interrogation and torture training. The last month of training is called hell month, similar to the United States Navy Seals hell week training.
The Trust Shot () is a part of the MB's training program. It is exercised on the last month of the training and is to ensure that the soldiers can trust each other with their lives. The Trust Shot consists of two members of a squad standing next to paper target boards, while another member fires on the targets with a handgun while walking towards them from 15 meters (49.2 feet) away. The MB's are the only special operations team in the world to exercise the trust shot.

During the exercise the men standing next to the targets are not allowed to move or wear body armor.

Coalition

A coalition is an alliance, where the members work together. 

A coalition government, in a parliamentary system, is a government made from a coalition of parties. This means the union of different political parties or groups for a purpose, usually for a short time.

In international relations, a coalition can be a group of nations united for a specific purpose, such as fighting a war.


International relations

International relations is a branch of political science. Predominant study topics are politics, economics and law on a global level. It represents the study of foreign affairs and global issues among states within the international system, including the roles of states, diplomacy, international organizations (IGOs), non-governmental organizations (NGOs), and multinational corporations (MNCs). 

The United Nations (UN) is an international organization that describes itself as a "global association of governments facilitating co-operation in international law, international security, economic development, and social equity"; It is the most prominent international institution. Many of the legal institutions follow the same organisational structure as the UN.






Political science

Political science is a branch of social science that is concerned with theory, description, analysis and prediction of political behavior, political systems and politics.

Political scientists study the allocation and transfer of power in decision-making, the roles and systems of governance including governments and international organizations, political behavior and public policies. They measure the success of governance and specific policies by examining many factors, including stability, justice, material wealth, and peace. 




Thnks fr th Mmrs

"Thnks fr th Mmrs" is a 2007 song by Fall Out Boy. It is the second single from Infinity on High, the band's fourth album. It was released on March 27, 2007 in the United States. The title is "Thanks for the Memories" without the vowels. 

The song was able to make it to #9 on the Pop 100, #11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #13 on the Mainstream Top 40, #14 on the Adult Top 40, #14 on the Dance Club Songs, #19 on the Alternative Airplay, and #23 on the Rock Digital Songs charts. It was also certified 2× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

It was used by Network Ten in Australia to promote the 2007 AFL Finals Series.

That's What You Get

"That's What You Get" is a 2008 song by Paramore. It is off the album "RIOT!". Its music video was released on March 24, 2008.

It is the music video about which Hayley Williams said "You will really get to see who they are. We had a load of family and friends surround us for the video and it just felt so natural".

Also, in the video, the band plays in a room, as well as Williams outside singing to an audience and using body language.

Dimensionless quantity

In dimensional analysis, a dimensionless quantity (or more precisely, a quantity with the dimensions of 1) is a quantity without any physical units and thus a pure number. Such a number is typically defined as a product or ratio of quantities which do have units, in such a way that all the units cancel out.
""out of every 10 apples I gather, 1 is rotten."" -- the rotten-to-gathered ratio is (1 apple) / (10 apples) = 0.1 = 10%, which is a dimensionless quantity. 

There are infinitely many dimensionless quantities and they are often called numbers. Some of those that are used most often have been given names, as in the following list of examples (alphabetical order):

Dancing with the Stars

Dancing with the Stars is an American television series where professional dancers are partnered with celebrities. The couples compete against each other in a dance competition and one couple is eliminated in each episode. The show began in 2004 and is shown on the ABC television network. The show has different series which use various different names in over 40 countries. It was originally based on the British series "Strictly Come Dancing".

A video game has been made based on the show.

Tartu

Tartu is the second biggest city in Estonia. The University of Tartu, the oldest and most famous in Estonia is found there. Around 102,000 people were living in Tartu as of 2008.

These are the twin towns of Tartu:

Infinity on High

Infinity on High is the third album by American rock band Fall Out Boy, released in February 2007 by Island. It sold very well in the US and worldwide. Four singles have been released from it. They are "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race", "Thnks fr th Mmrs", ""The Take Over, the Breaks Over"" and "I'm Like a Lawyer with the Way I'm Always Trying to Get You Off (Me & You)".

All songs written by Fall Out Boy, except when noted.

Yellow Submarine

Yellow Submarine is a 1968 animated cartoon movie, based on the music of The Beatles, and was inspired by their song of the same name. It is also the title of two soundtrack albums, featuring the music used in the movie. It shows how animation can be different at the time, when animation was marketed towards children.

Beatles John Lennon and Paul McCartney wrote "Yellow Submarine" in 1966, with help from another singer, Donovan, who also performed on the Beatles's recording of it. The recording appeared on their "Revolver" album, released later the same year. It also became a single, with "Eleanor Rigby" as its flip side. Both songs became popular, but "Yellow Submarine" was especially liked by children.

King Features Syndicate, a cartoon publisher (who were also famous for Popeye the Sailor), produced an animated series featuring the Beatles's likenesses and songs. (The band themselves were not involved in the making or writing of the series, and did not like the series very much.) The Beatles had a contract with United Artists, to make three movies for them, but had not liked the way their second movie, "Help!", had turned out. They did not want to appear in another movie. When George Dunning and Al Brodax, who directed and produced their cartoon series, asked the Beatles for permission to make a cartoon based on "Yellow Submarine", they agreed mostly because the cartoon would help them finish their movie contract.

More Beatles songs (and ideas based on their song lyrics) would be featured in the movie. Along with using songs they had already recorded, the Beatles were expected to make new music especially for the cartoon. They did not put much effort into making this music. Instead they set aside songs, or songs that had not turned out as well as they had hoped, to give to the producers. In all, only four new songs were set aside for the movie. Two were written by George Harrison.

The band helped more with ideas for the movie's story, adding jokes and things they thought would make an audience laugh. Erich Segal, who later became famous for his novels "Love Story" and "Oliver's Story", helped write the screenplay for "Yellow Submarine". The Beatles' speaking voices in the movie were not their own, but were provided by actors.

The animators working on the movie did their best, to make it entertaining and interesting. George Martin, who was the Beatles's music producer, composed orchestral music to play behind the dialogue. He also worked hard, to make the music fit well with the of the cartoon.

The Beatles themselves produced a television special, "Magical Mystery Tour", which was shown on British TV over the Christmas holidays in 1967. It was strange, and did not have a normal storyline. Many people who saw it did not like it, and ABC in the United States cancelled their plans to show "Magical Mystery Tour" in America. The failure of the show hurt the Beatles's reputation, even though the soundtrack still sold well. "Yellow Submarine" was scheduled to appear in cinemas during 1968, and many hopes were placed on it, to be a success.

When the Beatles saw an unfinished version of the cartoon, they were very pleased and impressed with it. They decided to appear in a live action , to finish the movie. "Yellow Submarine" made its public debut on June 6, 1968, and became an instant hit with audiences, especially with children and families. Most of the people who saw the movie did not know how little the Beatles had really been involved with making it, or even thought to ask. Many of their later memories of the Beatles were based on what they saw in "Yellow Submarine".

Even though one song, "Hey Bulldog", had been recorded specially for the movie, its sequence was edited out of the American version. The title still appeared in its credits, however.

Much of the movie is set in "Pepperland", an country filled with happiness, music, kindness and peace. The "Blue Meanies", who hate anything that is positive, invade Pepperland, taking it over and doing their best to destroy everything that the Pepperlanders love. Old Fred, a servant of Pepperland's Lord Mayor, escapes the invasion in a yellow submarine, and seeks help.

He finds it in Liverpool, England, in the form of the Beatles, whom he brings back to Pepperland. They pass through the Sea of Time, the Sea of Holes, the Sea of Monsters, and the Sea of Green, finally reaching Pepperland. Disguised as Sergeant Pepper's Band (the official Pepperland band), they bring music back to the country, and are able to defeat the Blue Meanies. Rather than chase away or destroy the Blue Meanies, they instead invite them to the victory celebration. The Meanies change their ways, and learn to enjoy the things that make Pepperland a happy place.

The movie's soundtrack album did not appear until months after the movie was first shown. Another album, "The Beatles" (called the "White Album" by listeners, and later by the band themselves) came out first. The first half of "Yellow Submarine" featured the four new songs, the title song, and "All You Need Is Love", which played a major part in the storyline. The other half featured George Martin's orchestral score. Tape versions of the album also included "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", between the two halves.

Some critics and fans noticed that only a few Beatles songs appeared on the album, and were disappointed. Most did not care, and bought copies to hear the music. The album became another hit for the band.

"Yellow Submarine" was still popular years later, even after the Beatles disbanded in 1970. It appeared on television (including CBS) many times during the 1970s and 1980s, and also in small "second-run" theaters. During the 1970s, John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono had a son together, named Sean. Sean did not know his parents were famous. One day he saw the movie on television at his babysitter's house, and came home full of questions about his father's Beatle past. Lennon told Sean that he gave up being a famous musician, so he could be a family man.

When home video came along, "Yellow Submarine" was released on videotape, and copies sold well.

In 1998, "Yellow Submarine" was remastered for a re-release, thirty years after it first appeared. Movie and recording technology had improved greatly over the years, and both the producers and Apple Corps, the Beatles's company, did not want the movie to seem old or outdated. They put much work into the remastering. The original version had been in sound. Most movie theaters now had Surround Sound, and the producers wanted to upgrade the sound if they could.

For many years the Beatles had not allowed any remixing of their music. They made an exception for "Yellow Submarine", though. Technicians went back to the original recordings, using new machines and ideas to make them sound better than ever before. John Lennon had died in 1980, but the surviving former Beatles all approved the new mixes. Ringo Starr was impressed most of all, and was pleased that parts of the music could be heard, that had never been heard before.

Along with a theatrical re-release, the remastered "Yellow Submarine" was also issued on videotape and DVD. A new soundtrack (called "songtrack") album was also issued, that included the new mixes of all the songs used in the movie. (George Martin's orchestral music was not included, but was available on the original soundtrack, which was still for sale.)

Discrete cosine transform

A discrete cosine transform is a math process that can be used to make things like MP3s, and JPEGs smaller. It does this by breaking the sound or picture into different frequencies.

One way to calculate a discrete cosine transform is to use the Fourier transformation.
"Discrete" means that it works on discrete-time signals (sampled data).

For sounds, frequencies are the same as simple tones. You can make any sound by playing several tones at the same time. The discrete cosine transform is a way to find out which tones to play in order to make a given sound. The only difference between the tones is their pitch.

Human ears are good at hearing low pitches, but bad at hearing high pitches. If you use the DCT to break a sound into tones, you do not need to be as careful when playing the higher tones because people cannot hear them as well. MP3 encoders (programs which make MP3s) use this fact to make the sound smaller.

With pictures, frequencies are like stripes and checker patterns. Just like with sound, you can make any picture out of different frequencies. Also like sound, people's eyes are not as good at seeing high frequencies (hard edges and fine grain) as low frequencies (solid colors and smooth shades). JPEG encoders use this fact almost exactly the same way as MP3 encoders do.

Donald Tusk

Donald Franciszek Tusk (, born 22 April 1957) is a Polish politician who is the current Prime Minister of Poland since 2023. He was prime minister before from 2007 to 2014. Before, he was the President of the European Council. He was the leader of the biggest Polish political party, Platforma Obywatelska (Civic Platform). In August 2014, Tusk was elected to become the next President of the European Council.

In March 2017, Tusk was reelected as President of the European Council.

On 11 December, Tusk was formally nominated to become Prime Minister for a second time, and assumed office on 13 December.


French polish

French polishing is a way of giving a high standard of finish to wood.

The careful and skilled multiple-layering of shellac polish on properly prepared wood when completed results in a lusterous, perfectly flat shine of a very high standard. Indeed when applied correctly a French polished application can rarely be matched for sheer quality of finish.

Normally practiced by highly skilled craftsmen and women one might normally fine excellent examples of this superb finish in some of our stately homes although plenty of other examples exist. The advent of lacquered wood finishes has tended to make French polishing less needed in today's world.

Representative

Representative may refer to:

Irregular bone

The irregular bones are bones that from their peculiar form, cannot be grouped as long bone, short bone, flat bone or sesamoid bone. 

Irregular bones serve some special purpose in the body: 

(1) protection of nervous tissue (such as the vertebrae protect the spinal cord), 

(2) affording multiple anchor points for skeletal muscle attachment (as with the sacrum), and maintaining pharynx and trachea support, and tongue attachment (such as the hyoid bone).

The irregular bones are: the vertebræ, sacrum, coccyx, temporal, sphenoid, ethmoid, zygomatic, maxilla, mandible, palatine, inferior nasal concha, and hyoid.

Political representation

In politics, representation describes how political power is given from a large group for a certain time period in the hands of a comparatively small group of its members. Representation usually refers to representative democracies, where elected officials (called "representatives") nominally speak for their electors in the legislature. Generally, only citizens have representation in the government in the form of voting rights. The term representation can be used in a number of different ways. Representation can be understood in terms of how legislators represent their constituents.



Lag

Lag is a word that means to fail in keeping pace or to fall behind. This term is used a lot by people who are talking about video games that have a delay between when a player presses a button on a controller and something happening in the game. This happens more often during online gaming when the access point a player is using is far away or when other players are using slower connections, such as dial-up. The slowing down of a website when more people get onto that website can also be called lag.

Sortition

Allotment, also known as sortition, is a method of selection by some form of lottery. It is used to have an equal chance to be selected for those that are involved. For instance it is done by drawing coloured pebbles from a bag. In the democracy of Athens in Ancient Greece sortition was the main method for appointing officials. People thought it this method was one of the principal characteristics of democracy. 

Aristotle saw equality and democracy in a close context:

"Democracy arose from the idea that those who are equal in any respect are equal absolutely. All are alike free, therefore they claim that all are free absolutely... The next is when the democrats, on the grounds that they are all equal, claim equal participation in everything."



Round Table

The Round Table was a table used by King Arthur and his knights, in the legends about him. The Round Table was in Camelot, the castle where King Arthur and his knights lived. In the legends, they met at the table to talk about the safety of Camelot and the kingdom, and about what adventures and quests they could go on. This got them the name 'The Knights of the Round Table'.

The shape of the table was very important. Most tables are rectangular, and have a place called the "head of the table". This is the narrow part at the top, where the leader usually sits. Because the table was round, it meant that the people who sat around it were all seen as equal.

The table is used by King Arthur and his knights. King Arthur's wife, Guinevere, did not have a seat at the table, but King Arthur did take her advice on occasion. In some versions of the legend, the wizard who lived in Camelot, called Merlin, also had a seat at the table. He was seen by King Arthur as a good friend and adviser. 

Some legends also note a special chair at the Round Table, called the "Siege Perilous", or 'Dangerous Chair'. Legend says that the seat could only be used by a knight who had a pure heart. A person with a pure heart was seen as someone who had committed no crimes or done any wrong. In the tale, anyone who sat in the chair but did not have a pure heart would die instantly. It was kept free by Merlin for the person who would one day find an object called the Holy Grail. This was a magical cup that was supposed to have been the one that Jesus drank out of during the Last Supper. In the story, this person was either Sir Galahad or Sir Percival, depending on what version of the story is told.


This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race

"This Ain't A Scene, It's an Arms Race" is a 2007 single by Fall Out Boy. It is from the album "Infinity on High". The song reached number 1 in New Zealand, the United States and Croatia.

The video clip starts off with the band finishing performing "Dance, Dance". They then walk off the stage, and one person starts playing "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race" on their mobile phone MP3 player. They then start performing the song in a recording studio. From the second verse, the band all do separate things.

The Carpal Tunnel of Love

"The Carpal Tunnel of Love" is a 2007 single by Fall Out Boy. It was released in the United States on February 5, 2007, on the iTunes Store, and was not put out on a CD. The music video contains people from the television program "Happy Tree Friends".


The Take Over, the Breaks Over

"The Take Over, The Breaks Over" (the quotes are a part of the name) is a 2007 song by the band Fall Out Boy. It was released in 2007 on their album "Infinity on High".

The video focuses on Pete Wentz's dog, Hemmingway. The video, which was made in black and white, shows Hemmingway in a dream.

Doge

Doge (plural dogi or doges) is a word of an Italian dialect that comes from the Latin "dux" (as does the English "duke" and the standard Italian "duce"), that means "leader", especially in a military context.

The title of doge was used for the elected head of state in a number of Italian "crowned republics". The two best known such republics were Venice and Genoa, which had maritime, commercial, and territorial mini-empires. Sometimes the Doge ruled for life; sometimes for a fixed number of years.

Doge (disambiguation)

Doge may refer to:

Valverde Province

Valverde is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is in the northwestern part of the country. Its capital city is Mao.

It was created on 1959. It was a municipality of the Santiago province before being elevated to the category of province.

The province was named Valverde after José Desiderio Valverde, an officer of the Dominican army when the Dominican-Haitian War. Later, he was President of the Dominican Republic for one year (July 1857 - August 1858). He was from Santiago de los Caballeros.

Very few people lived in the lands of the Valverde province because it is very dry; there were only some people raising cattle in large ranches. The Spanish word for those ranches was "Hato" and there are many places in the province with the word "Hato" in their names (Hato del Yaque, Hato Nuevo, Hato Viejo, Hato del Medio) or "Hatico" (small "Hato").

The road from the border with Haiti to Santiago de los Caballeros, the second most important city of the country, went across this region and during the Dominican-Haitian War (1844-1856), Haitian armies came across this region and people did not want to live here.

In 1918, a Belgian engineer, Luis L. Bogaert ("Monsieur Bogaert"), built a canal to take water from the river to the fields and he began to grow rice. That was an important change in the province and now Valverde is a province where rice is an important product.

Since the Dominican Independence, the territory was part of the Santiago province. It was made a province in 1959 with lands of the Santiago and the Monte Cristi provinces, with the municipality of Esperanza; in 1978, Laguna Salada became a municipality of the province.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

The Valverde province is in the northwest part of the "Cibao" valley. It is bordered to the north by the Puerto Plata province, to the east and south by the Santiago province, to the southwest by the Santiago Rodríguez province and to the west by the Monte Cristi province.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Valverde province, and 129,071 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 18th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 171,754 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Mao, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 49,714 inhabitants.

The Valverde province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 28th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, Mao, is above sea level.

Most of the province is in a valley along the Yaque del Norte and Mao rivers.

The province is separated from the Puerto Plata province by the "Cordillera Septentrional" mountain range. The highest mountain of the province is in this range: "Loma Jicomé", also called "El Murazo"; it is high.

South of the city of Mao are the "Sierra Samba" (a chain of low hills) and part of the "Cordillera Central" mountain range. The highest mountains of the island are in the Cordillera Central but in the Valverde province there are only low mountains.

There are several important rivers that flow through the territory of the province. The most important river is the Yaque del Norte, that flows from east to west; the other rivers are all tributaries of Yaque del Norte. Other important rivers are Mao and Ámina that come from the Cordillera Central; those rivers that flow from the Cordillera Septentrional are very short and do not have much water.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot during the whole year.

There are 3 municipalities and 10 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activity of the province is farming and the main products are banana, plantain, rice and vegetables. Cattle is alto important in the province, mainly in the southern part of it.

Sugar cane was grown around the city Esperanza where there was a sugar factory. But the factory closed and sugar cane is not grown any more. Now there are some cloth factories in Esperanza.

Serket

Serket was an ancient Egyptian goddess. She was shown as a scorpion. She would sting "bad" people, but she could also cure scorpion stings and other poisons, such as snake bites. Because Serket could cure snake bites, she was sometimes known as the protector from Apep, the evil snake-god.

She was shown in art as a scorpion or as a woman with a scorpion on her head. Serket did not have any temples, but she had many priests.

Many people in ancient Egypt who were bitten by poisonous animals died from the poison. Because of this, Serket was also known as a protector of the dead. She was associated with fluids that cause stiffening during embalming. This caused her to become known as a protector of embalmers' tents and of the canopic jar for the intestine ("Qebehsenuf"). The intestine's canopic jar was the one associated with poisons. 

Because she was a protector of canopic jars, Serket was associated with Aset (Isis), and Nebet Het (Nephthys) and Neith. Later, Serket began to be known as Isis. Serket came to be known as a part of Isis, instead of a separate goddess.

Tempera

Tempera (sometimes known as "egg tempera") is a type of artist's paint. It was the main medium used for panel painting and illuminated manuscripts in the Byzantine world and the Middle Ages in Europe, until it was replaced by oil painting as the most popular medium for large paintings. It is still used for Orthodox icons. Some modern painters use tempera. 

In modern times, some manufacturers call ordinary poster paint by the name of "tempera". Poster paint is not really tempera. It is a different type of paint called gouache. 

Egg yolk (the yellow part of the egg) dries and sticks very firmly. It is used to mix and set the paints in a tempera painting. The colours are ground up into dry powders that must be mixed by the artist. In earlier times, some of the paints were very poisonous and the artist had to be careful not to breathe in the powdered paint. The paints are generally mixed with equal parts of egg yolk and water. If there is too much egg, the paint is gooey. If there is too much water, it is runny. Neither of these things are good. Some artists like to mix some of the egg white as well, for a different effect. Sometimes some oil is added. In ancient times other things were added which might include honey, milk and plant gums.

The painting must be done over a "ground" that has already been prepared. The "ground" is smooth flat paint on a strong board that does not bend. The paint must be put on in thin layers with tiny brush strokes that dry very quickly. Because the paint is transparent the artists use a special technique. They often paint the shadows on the figure before they paint the skin colour and colour of the clothing over the top. 

When the painting is finished, it is not very brightly coloured, until it has been varnished. This makes the colours bright and shiny. The good thing about tempera painting is that the colours do not change over the years, whereas oil paintings change, get darker and go more yellow. Tempera paintings can last well for at least two thousand years. Because tempera paintings take a long time to do, many of them are small. Sometimes artists painted large altarpieces in tempera. One of the biggest tempera paintings is Duccio's picture of the Madonna and Child in the Uffizi Gallery. It is about 15 feet high. Another very famous large tempera painting is Botticelli's "Birth of Venus" which is also in the Uffizi. 

Some of the oldest paintings in tempera are funeral portraits of dead people done is Egypt during the time of Ancient Rome. Tempera continued to be used for Christian religious paintings. It was the medium for Greek icons and was used in Italy and many other countries until oil painting came into use, in about 1500. Most of the famous Italian Renaissance painters used tempera. This includes Duccio, Giotto, Fra Angelico, Botticelli and Michelangelo. In Northern Europe they used oil paint. This started to become popular in Italy in the 1570s. Leonardo painted the "Mona Lisa" in oil paint. Nowadays, although oil paint and vinyl paint are much more common, some artists paint in tempera. One of the most famous tempera painters of the 20th century is Andrew Wyeth.

Decision-making

Decision making is the mental process that leads to the selection of an action among several alternatives. Every decision making process produces a final choice. The output can be an action or an opinion.

There is a growing awareness that people often make good decisions rapidly without knowing how they do it. This runs against the older rational decision-making ideas.



Trichotillomania

Trichotillomania (TTM) (often called "trich") is an impulse control disorder. It causes a person to habitually pull out their hair. People with trichotillomania may pull hair from anywhere on the body. Sometimes people with trich end up having large areas on the body without hair. 

Trichotillomania is listed in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). The DSM is written by the American Psychiatric Association. It lists every condition which is officially called a mental illness. The DSM puts trich in the "impulse control disorder" category. However, there are questions about what category trich should be in. At different times, it may seem to be a habit, an addiction, a tic disorder, or an obsessive-compulsive disorder.

Terror

Terror is a state of fear, an overwhelming sense of imminent danger.

Terror could also mean:






Reign of Terror

The Reign of Terror or simply The Terror was a period of about 11 months during the French Revolution, led by Maximilien de Robespierre. During this time, French people who did not support the revolution were executed at the guillotine.

The Reign of Terror was announced on 5 September, 1793. A Revolutionary Tribunal decided who would be killed. This happened more and more often in June and July of 1794, a period called "la Grande Terreur" (The Great Terror). On 17 July 1794, sixteen nuns attracted much attention by singing a religious song as they were being executed for treason. The Terror ended ten days later, when several important leaders of the Reign of Terror were executed, including Saint-Just and Robespierre. The Terror took the lives of between 18,500 to 40,000 people.

Robespierre died due to the Thermidorian Reaction against the Jacobins, by being executed with the guillotine. This was a revolt against the revolution otherwise called a counter-revolution. Robespierre was one of the last to be guillotined, after the 21 followers.


Faction

Faction or factionalism can refer to:

Political faction

A political faction is a grouping of individuals, especially within a political organization, such as a political party, a trade union, or other group with a political purpose. 
It may also be called a power bloc, or a voting bloc. 

The individuals within a faction are united in a common goal for the organization they are a part of. They stick together to achieve this goal and improve their position within the organization.

A political faction could be described as a “party within a party”. But political factions are not limited to political parties; they can form within any group that has some sort of political aim or purpose.



In the history of the Republic of China from 1911 until 1949, factionalisation within the Chinese Nationalist Kuomintang was a large problem for the central government, especially for Chiang Kai-Shek. Warlord factions which had been persuaded to ally with Chiang had to be constantly pacified, as well as regional military governors who ruled regions that were not directly administered by Chiang's central government. Often historians conclude that this lack of unity contributed to the defeat of the Nationalists in holding mainland China during the Chinese Civil War.


French Constitution of 1791

The French Constitution of 1791 was the second written Constitution of France. The new French Government started using it after the French Revolution. It had the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen for its introduction.

This Constitution said that France was going to have a constitutional monarchy. The biggest disagreement was over how much power the King of France should have in such a system. After very long negotiations, the first Constitution was brought in September of 1791. 

It created a constitutional monarchy. But the king ran away anyways, because he was scared of the Jacobins, who didn't like kings.

The idea of Separation of powers was the basis for the Constitution: The National Convention was the legislative body, the King and the Ministers made up the executive branch, and the judicial branch was independent from the other two. However, the French Revolution still continued after this document was signed. 

The constitution tried to create a liberal bourgeois constitutional monarchy, but this did not work out. On 10 August 1792 the monarchy of France ended. 


Executive

Executive may mean:


Knights of the Round Table

The Knights of the Round Table were characters in the legends about King Arthur. They were the best knights in King Arthur's kingdom, and lived in King Arthur's castle, Camelot. They were called the Knights of the "Round Table" because of a special table that was in Camelot, that was round instead of rectangular. This meant that everyone who sat around it was seen as trustworthy and equal.

In order to become a Knight of the Round Table, a knight had to prove he was chivalrous (polite) enough. In the legend, the knights swore a Code of Chivalry, which is much like an oath is today. This meant that they promised to uphold the rules given to them once they became a Knight of the Round Table.

Sir Thomas Malory wrote a book based on the legend of King Arthur. It was called "Le Morte d'Arthur". In it, he wrote his version of the Code of Chivalry:


In different stories, there are different numbers of knights, ranging from 12 to more than 150. The Winchester Round Table shows 25 Knights. The most commonly mentioned in literature include:
This is a list of other knights mentioned as being Knights of the Round Table.

In the 2014 movie, "", each of the Kingsman agents is named after one of the knights of the Round Table. Gary "Eggsy" Unwin, the main character, has the code name 'Galahad'. This is also the code name of Harry Hart, Eggsy's mentor. Roxy Morton, the only female Kingsman, has the codename 'Lancelot'. 'Arthur' is the codename for the leader of Kingsman, while 'Merlin' is the codename for their trainer and tech coordinator. These characters are also mentioned in "Kingsman: The golden circle", the second part of the franchise.

One of the fictional "Fate" media franchise's most well known characters, "Saber" aka Artoria Pendragon, is a female character based on King Arthur. In the mobile game "Fate/Grand Order", she alongside various other Knights of the Round Table (Lancelot, Gawain, Bedivere, Tristan), as well as Mordred, can be summoned as usable characters. Additionally, in "Fate/Grand Order", Sir Galahad is the Heroic Spirit that was summoned into the body of another character in the game, Mash Kyrielight, and therefore is the one to bestow her his powers.



Executive (government)

The executive is the branch of government that is responsible for the day-to-day management of the state. ("Executive" is short for executive branch or executive power.)

Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the executive is not supposed to make laws (role of the legislature), nor to interpret them (role of the judiciary). The executive is supposed to put the laws into action.

The executive is led by the head of government. The head of government is assisted by a number of ministers, who usually have responsibilities for particular areas (e.g. health, education, foreign affairs), and by many government employees or civil servants.

In a presidential system, this person (the President) may also be the head of State, but in a parliamentary system, he or she is usually the leader of the largest party in the legislature and is most commonly termed the Prime Minister (Taoiseach in the Republic of Ireland, (Federal) Chancellor in Germany and Austria). In France, executive power is shared between the President and the Prime Minister and this system has been reproduced in a number of former French colonies. Switzerland and Bosnia and Herzegovina have similar systems.

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) is a group of scientists chosen by governments and other large groups from around the world who study the way that humans are making the Earth heat up unnaturally. The group was established in 1988 by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), two organizations of the United Nations.

The IPCC shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with former Vice President of the United States Al Gore who won for working on the same problems.

A lot of IPCC work is publishing reports about the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), an international agreement that human inventions and chemistry may make the Earth too hot to live on. The UNFCCC was the beginning of the Kyoto Protocol. Members of the IPCC read, write, and calculate as much as they can. Only member states of the WMO and UNEP may be members of IPCC.
A lot of professors trust the IPCC work.

The first IPCC report was published in 1990. More was added to that report in 1992. The second report was published in 1995, the third was published in 2001, and a fourth in 2007. Each report is in three books called Working Groups 1, 2 and 3. Most times "the IPCC report" means the Working Group I report, which is about basic climate change.

The Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) was completed in early 2007. Like earlier IPCC reports, it contains four reports, three of them from its working groups.

Working Group 1 was about the "Physical Science Basis of Climate Change."
The Working Group 1 report was published on February 2 2007 and revised on February 2007. There was also a February 2 2007 press release. The full Working Group 1 report was published in March. The main report says:

The Summary for Policymakers for the Working Group 2 (IPCC wg2 ) report was published on April 6, 2007.
The Summary for Policymakers for the Working Group 3 report was published on May 4, 2007.

The Third Assessment Report (TAR) contains four reports, three of them from its working groups:

The "headlines" from the Summary for Policymakers in "The Scientific Basis" were:


The estimate for the climate sensitivity was 1.5 to 4.5 °C; and the average temperature was predicted to increase by 1.4 to 5.8 Celsius degrees between 1990 and 2100, and the sea level was predicted to rise between 0.1 and 0.9 meters. The range of predictions is based on different levels of human carbon dioxide production. Each perdiction has different possible outcomes.

MIT professor Richard Lindzen, who works for the IPCC Working Group 1, claims some of the IPCC reports are wrong. He told the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation that he was unhappy about the Executive Summary based on his work in May 2001. He said that he told the IPCC they were making mistakes and the Working Group 1 report said that meant they were "making improvements".

Professor Lindzen said:

The summary does not reflect the full document... For example, I worked on Chapter 7, Physical Processes. This chapter dealt with the nature of the basic processes which determine the response of climate, and found numerous problems with model treatments – including those of clouds and water vapor. The chapter was summarized with the following sentence: 'Understanding of climate processes and their incorporation in climate models have improved, including water vapor, sea-ice dynamics, and ocean heat transport.'

The Working Group 1 report said:

"Climate Change 1995", the IPCC Second Assessment Report (SAR), was finished in 1996. It was made in four parts:

Each of the working groups was made by its own working group, and each has a Summary for Policymakers (SPM) that is a list of agreements by governments. The Summary for Policy Makers of the Working Group 1 report says:


Three scientists involved in climate research believe that the IPCC reports do not accurately summarize the state of knowledge.

On December 20, 1995, Reuters news agency claimed a British scientist Keith Shine, one of IPCC's most important authors, talking about the Policymakers' Summary, said: "We produce a draft, and then the policymakers go through it line by line and change the way it is presented... It's peculiar that they have the final say in what goes into a scientists' report". Keith Shine did not say what differences the changes make.

Frederick Seitz, a physicist of Rockefeller University, said the IPCC report was not good, writing "I have never witnessed a more disturbing corruption of the peer-review process than the events that led to this IPCC report". He opposed it in the Leipzig Declaration of S. Fred Singer's Science and Environmental Policy Project.

Professor Seitzs comments were opposed by the presidents of the American Meteorological Society and University Corporation for Atmospheric Research, who wrote about an effort by some people make it seem that humans had not changed the climate. Special insert .

S. Fred Singer said that :

Benjamin D. Santer, Lead Author of Chapter 8 of 1995 IPCC Working Group 1 report, said :

The Second Assessment Report was the only one with a chapter on the economic effect of climate change. This part of the report was thought to be unfair because the value of life in poorer countries was less.

The 1992 supplementary report was an update of the 1990 report, requested for the Framework Convention on Climate Change at the Earth Summit (United Nations Conference on Environment and Development) in Rio de Janeiro in 1992.

It did not make any important changes to the 1990 report. It claimed the prediction methods in the First Assessment Report, were now improved, but did not include aerosol or ozone changes.

The IPCC first assessment report was completed in 1990, and used to make the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).

The Working Group 1 report says:

The Chairperson of the IPCC is Rajendra K. Pachauri, elected in May 2002; before that Robert Watson headed the IPCC. The chairperson is helped by an elected Bureau including vice-chairpersons, Working Group co-chairpersons and a Secretariat (see below).

The IPCC Panel is made of people from governments and other groups. Scientific experts are preferred. Meetings of the IPCC and IPCC Working Groups are held by members of governments. Non-Governmental and Intergovernmenta Organizations may be allowed to attend as observers. Meetings of the IPCC Bureau, workshops, experts and lead authors are by invitation only. 350 government officials and climate change experts visited the 2003 meeting. The meeting report says there were 322 persons in attendance at meetings with about seven-eighths of visitors being from governments.

There are several major groups:

The IPCC receives funding from UNEP, WMO, and its own Trust Fund which gets money from governments.

People from over 130 countries contributed to the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report over 6 years. These people included more than 2500 scientific expert reviewers, more than 800 contributing authors, and more than 450 lead authors.

The Working Group 1 report of 2007 (including the summary for policy makers) included contributions by 600 authors from 40 countries, over 620 expert reviewers, a large number of government reviewers, and representatives from 113 governments.

The IPCC activities are controlled by the WMO Executive Council and UNEP Governing Council to support the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change.

In April 2006, the IPCC released the "IPCC Fourth Assessment Report" or AR4. Reports of the workshops held so far are available at the IPCC website.

The AR4 Synthesis Report (SYR) was finalized in November 2007. Documentation on the meetings for the AR4 are available , the outlines for the Working Group 1 report and a provisional author list .

The IPCC also supports other activities, such as the Data Distribution Centre Welcome to the IPCC Data Distribution Centre and the National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme IPCC - Task Force on National Greenhouse Gas Inventories. This involves estimating greenhouse gas based on the levels of fuel used, industrial production and so on.

The IPCC also answers questions from the UNFCCC Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA).

The IPCC reports are a collection of peer reviewed and published science. Each IPCC report explains improvements to the previous report and also explains where more research is needed.

There are usually three stages in the review :
Review comments are open to the public for at least five years.

There are several ways to agree what goes into the reports:

The Panel controls what the IPCC agrees on to meet standards. The Panel's "approval" process has been criticized for changing what the experts put in the Reports.

Each chapter has a lot of authors who are responsible for writing and editing the material. A chapter usually has two "Coordinating" Lead Authors who control what words go in their chapter, ten to fifteen Lead Authors, and a larger number of Contributing Authors. The Lead Authors put together the work of the other authors and report to the Working Group chairs. Lead Authors write sections of chapters. Contributing Authors prepare text, graphs and data.

Authors are chosen from a list of researchers prepared by governments, other important groups, the Working Group/Task Force Bureaux, and other experts (, 4.2.1,2). The group of Coordinating Lead Authors and Lead Authors for a section or chapter of a Report is expected to have many different views and to have people from different parts of the world.

In December 2007, the IPCC was awarded The Nobel Peace Prize 2007 "for their efforts to build up and disseminate greater knowledge about man-made climate change, and to lay the foundations for the measures that are needed to counteract such change." The award is shared with Former U.S. Vice-President Al Gore for his work on climate change and the documentary "An Inconvenient Truth".

In January 2005 Christopher Landsea resigned from work on the IPCC AR4, saying that it was "both being motivated by pre-conceived agendas and being scientifically unsound" because of Kevin Trenberth of the National Center for Atmospheric Research's idea that global warming was contributing to recent hurricane activity. Roger A. Pielke who published Landsea's letter writes: "How anyone can deny that political factors were everpresent in the negotiations isn't paying attention", but says that "Despite the pressures, on tropical cyclones they figured out a way to maintain consistency with the actual balance of opinion(s) in the community of relevant experts." He continues "So there might be a human contribution (and presumably this is just to the observed upwards trends observed in some basins, and not to downward trends observed in others, but this is unclear) but the human contribution itself has not been quantitatively assessed, yet the experts, using their judgment, expect it to be there. In plain English this is what is called a 'hypothesis' and not a 'conclusion.' And it is a fair representation of the issue."

The IPCC Third Assessment Report showed a graph labeled "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction" from a paper by Michael Mann, Bradley and Hughes (MBH98) often called the "Hockey Stick Graph". This graph was different to the IPCC First assessment report which showed global temperature for the past 1000 years, and higher temperatures during the Medieval Warm Period. The graph was thought to show that temperatures between 1000 and 1900 were very different. This was criticized in an article by Stephen McIntyre and Ross McKitrick. In a 2006 letter to "Nature", Bradley, Hughes and Mann claimed the original article had said that they could not be exact.

Some critics say the IPCC reports underestimate dangers, understate risks, and report only the lowest risks.

On February 1, 2007, the night before publication of IPCCs report on climate, a study was published saying that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the speed the IPCC reported in 2001. The study compared IPCC 2001 predictions of temperature and sea level change with what actually happened. Over the six years, the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by IPCC's 2001 prediction and the actual rise was more than the top of the range the IPCC predicted.

An example of scientific research which has indicated that predictions by the IPCC have uderstated risks is a study on rises in sea levels.

Political influence on the IPCC has been shown by the release of a memo by ExxonMobil to the Bush administration, and its effects on the IPCCs leadership. The Bush administration, at the request of ExxonMobil, wanted rid of Robert Watson, a climate scientist and IPCC chairperson, and to have him replaced by Pachauri, who was seen at the time as more friendly to industry.

In 2005, the UK House of Lords Select Committee on Economic Affairs produced a report on the economics of climate change. It commented on the IPCC process:

"We have some concerns about the objectivity of the IPCC process, with some of its emissions scenarios and summary documentation apparently influenced by political considerations. There are significant doubts about some aspects of the IPCCs emissions scenario exercise, in particular, the high emissions scenarios. The Government should press the IPCC to change their approach. There are some positive aspects to global warming and these appear to have been played down in the IPCC reports; the Government should press the IPCC to reflect in a more balanced way the costs and benefits of climate change. The Government should press the IPCC for better estimates of the monetary costs of global warming damage and for explicit monetary comparisons between the costs of measures to control warming and their benefits. Since warming will continue, regardless of action now, due to the lengthy time lags.



Zimmermann Telegram

The Zimmermann Telegram (also called the Zimmermann Note) was a telegram sent to Mexico from Germany on January 16, 1917. It was what made America enter World War I. It is named for the German man who sent it, Arthur Zimmermann. Zimmermann was the German Foreign Secretary (took care of things with other countries). Zimmermann sent it to the German ambassador in the United States, Johann von Bernstorff. Bernstorff then sent it to the German ambassador in Mexico, Heinrich von Eckardt.

The telegram's message was:

The telegram told the ambassador to ask the Mexicans to join the war on the German side by attacking America. Germany promised to help Mexico take back land the United States had taken from Mexico in the Mexican–American War. These places were Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona. Germany wanted Mexico to enter the war so America would be too busy to help the enemies of Germany. Mexico was already busy with the Mexican Revolution and did not like the idea. 

The British secretly got the telegram. They were able to decode the telegram. They held on to the telegram until February 24, 1917. They gave it to President Woodrow Wilson of the United States of America. President Wilson published the telegram so the people would know about it. The telegram made the American people angry. Wilson asked the United States Congress for a Declaration of war against Germany. Congress accepted the request on April 2, 1917. The United States of America announced war on Germany on April 6, 1917. Americans were already angry over German submarines sinking ships, but this telegram is what made America come into the war.


Battle of Stalingrad

The Battle of Stalingrad (1942-1943) was fought during the Second World War between Nazi Germany led by Adolf Hitler and the Soviet Union led by Joseph Stalin . They were fighting for control of the city of Stalingrad. Germany got support from Italy, Hungary, Croatia and Romania . The battle was fought between 23 August 1942 and 2 February 1943. It was one of the most important battles of the war because it marked the end of Germany's advances. Hitler even blamed his defeat partly on Stalingrad. The Battle of Stalingrad has often been recorded as an example of how brutal a war can be. It is reported that, due to limited supplies, soldiers and civilians had to resort to eating rats, mice, and even cannibalism.

Stalingrad, now Volgograd, was a city on the Volga River. It was an important industrial city, and the Volga was an important transport route. Hitler also wanted to capture Stalingrad because it was named after Joseph Stalin, the leader of the Soviet Union, thus it would embarrass him.

In June 1942, Adolf Hitler launched an attack in southern Russia. By the end of July the German army had reached Stalingrad. With bombs and fire the German Luftwaffe turned the city into ruins. However, the rubble made hiding places from which Russian snipers could attack the Germans. Hitler and Stalin sent in large numbers of soldiers. They both ordered that anyone who retreated would be shot on the spot for treason.

On 19 November 1942, the Red Army launched an attack which surrounded the Stalingrad area, pinching off the German salient. Hitler ordered the army to stay there. The German air force tried to supply them by air. By February 1943, the German forces in Stalingrad had no ammunition and food. Rather than freeze, they surrendered, knowing the Soviets were usually cruel to their prisoners.

The battle lasted five months, one week, and three days. 1.6 million people dead or wounded in battle were reported. There were more Russian deaths than German, but it was a victory for the Russians. They had killed so many Germans that Hitler's overall plan to conquer the Soviet Union, started with Operation Barbarossa, was seriously weakened. Also, the Germans failed to get control of Russian oil fields.

About one quarter of the German Sixth Army's soldiers were Eastern European volunteers called HIWIs. The Battle of Stalingrad was the largest and deadliest battle in the history of warfare.

By the spring of 1942, the German Operation Barbarossa did not defeat the Soviet Union. The war was still going well for the Germans: the U-boat offensive in the Atlantic had been very successful and Rommel had just captured Tobruk.

In the east, they had captured land including Leningrad in the north and Rostov-on-Don in the south. There were a number of places where Soviet attacks had pushed the Germans back (to the northwest of Moscow and south of Kharkov) but this did not threaten the Germans. Hitler was confident that he could beat the Red Army after the winter of 1941. Even though Army Group Centre had heavy losses near Moscow the previous winter, 65% of its infantry had not fought and had been rested and given new equipment. Army Groups North and South had also not had a hard time over the winter. Stalin was expecting German summer attacks to again be directed against Moscow.

The Germans decided that their summer campaign in 1942 would be directed at the southern parts of the Soviet Union. The Germans wanted to destroy Stalingrad's industries. The Germans also wanted to block the Volga River. The river was a route between the Caspian Sea and northern Russia. Capturing the river would make it hard for the Soviets to use the river to transport goods.

The German operations were initially very successful. On July 23, 1942, Hitler changed the goals for the 1942 attack. He made occupying Stalingrad one of the goals. The city was important, because it was named after Stalin, the leader of the Soviet Union. The Germans thought that if they captured Stalingrad, it would help the northern and western parts of the German armies to attack Baku. The Germans wanted to capture Baku because it had a lot of oil.

The Soviets were aware of the German plan to attack. The Soviets ordered that anyone strong enough to hold a rifle be sent to fight.

On the 23 of August the 6th Army reached the edge of Stalingrad. They were following the 62nd and 64th Armies, which had gone back into the city. Kleist later said after the war:

The Soviets had enough warning of the German attack to move all the city's grain, cattle, and railway cars across the Volga. But most civilian residents stayed in the city. The city lacked food even before the German attack. The "Luftwaffe" air attacks made the Soviets unable to use the River Volga to bring supplies into the city. Between 25 and 31 July, 32 Soviet ships were sunk in the River Volga.

The battle began with the heavy bombing of the city by "Luftflotte 4". A 1,000 tons of bombs were dropped. Much of the city turned to rubble. Some factories continued to produce goods.

Stalin moved troops to the east bank of the Volga. All the regular ferries were destroyed by the Luftwaffe. The Luftwaffe also attacked troop barges. Many civilians were moved out of the city across the Volga. Stalin prevented most civilians from leaving the city because he thought that this would make the Soviet armies fight harder. Civilians, including women and children, were told to dig trenches. Massive German bombing on 23 August caused a firestorm. It killed thousands and turned Stalingrad into rubble and ruins. Between 23 and 26 August, 955 people were killed and another 1,181 wounded from the bombing. 

The Soviet Air Force, the "Voenno-Vozdushnye Sily" (VVS), was destroyed by the Luftwaffe. The Soviets lost 201 aircraft between 23 and 31 August. They brought in another 100 aircraft in August. The Soviets continued to bring new planes into Stalingrad in late September, but they were destroyed by the Germans.

The city was briefly defended by the 1077th Anti-Aircraft Regiment, an all-women's regiment that was actually able to halt an entire German division due to their massive firepower. The Germans eventually swarmed and killed them, but were shocked to discover that this whole time they were being held back by young women that seemed fresh out of high school. In the battle, the NKVD organized "Workers' militias" who were often sent into battle without rifles.

By the end of August, Army Group South (B) had reached the Volga. By 1 September, the Soviets could only supply their forces in Stalingrad by crossing the Volga under constant bombing by artillery and aircraft.

On 5 September, the Soviet 24th and 66th Armies organized an attack against XIV Panzer Corps. The "Luftwaffe" helped stop the attack by attacking Soviet artillery and soldiers. The Soviets had to pull back. Of the 120 tanks the Soviets had sent into battle, 30 were lost to air attack.

The Soviets were always being attacked by the "Luftwaffe". On 18 September, the Soviet 1st Guards and 24th Army attacked VIII Army Corps . "VIII. Fliegerkorps" sent Stuka dive-bombers to prevent the Soviets from advancing. The Soviet attack was stopped. The Stukas destroyed 41 of the 106 Soviet tanks that were destroyed that morning. German Bf 109s destroyed 77 Soviet aircraft.
In the wrecked city, the Soviet 62nd and 64th Armies, which included the Soviet 13th Guards Rifle Division, used houses and factories to hide in.

Fighting in city was very violent. Stalin's Order No. 227 of 27 July 1942 decreed that all commanders who retreated without being told to do so would have to go to a military tribunal. "Not a step back!" was the slogan. The Germans attacking Stalingrad had many dead and wounded.

After three months of slow advance, the Wermacht finally reached the river banks. The Germans captured 90% of the ruined city and split the Soviet forces into two parts. Ice on the Volga river made it impossible for the Soviets to bring in supplies by boat.

German troops were not ready for fighting during the winter of 1942. The Stavka did a number of attacks between November 19, 1942 and February 2, 1943. These operations started the Winter Campaign of 1942-1943 (19 November 1942 – 3 March 1943), which involved 15 armies.

In autumn, the Soviet generals Georgy Zhukov and Aleksandr Vasilevsky gathered their soldiers in the north and south of the city. The northern side was defended by Hungarian, and Romanian troops. The Don river had never been defended well by the German side. The Soviet plan was to attack and surround the German forces in the Stalingrad region.

The operation was code-named "Uran". It started with Operation Mars, aimed at Army Group Center.

On 19 November 1942, the Red Army launched Operation Uranus. The attacking Soviet units under the command of Gen. Nikolay Vatutin consisted of three armies. This included a total of 18 infantry divisions, eight tank brigades, two motorized brigades, six cavalry divisions and one anti-tank brigade. The Soviets pushed past the Romanian Third Army. The response by the "Wehrmacht" was disorganized. Bad weather prevented air attacks against the Soviets.

On 20 November, a second Soviet offensive (two armies) was launched to the south of Stalingrad against the Romanian 4th Army Corps. The Romanians were overrun by large numbers of tanks. The Soviet forces moved west and made a ring around Stalingrad.

About 265,000 German, Romanian, Italian soldiers, the 369th (Croatian) Reinforced Infantry Regiment, and other troops including 40,000 Soviet volunteers fighting for the Germans. were surrounded. There were 210,000 Germans on 19 November 1942. There were also around 10,000 Soviet civilians and several thousand Soviet soldiers the Germans had taken captive during the battle. Not all of the 6th Army was trapped; 50,000 were not surrounded. Of the 210,000 Germans surrounded, 10,000 remained to fight, 105,000 surrendered, 35,000 left by air and the remaining 60,000 died.

The Red Army formed two defensive groups. Field Marshal Erich von Manstein told Hitler not to order the 6th Army to break out. Manstein thought that he could break through the Soviet troops and free the 6th Army. After 1945, Manstein says he told Hitler that the 6th Army must break out. The American historian Gerhard Weinberg said that Manstein lied.

Manstein was told to attack Stalingrad in Operation Winter Storm ("Unternehmen Wintergewitter"). He thought that this attack could work if the 6th Army was supplied through the air.

Adolf Hitler had said on 30 September 1942 that the German army would never leave the city. At a meeting shortly after the Soviets formed a ring around the Germans, the German army chiefs wanted to try to escape to the west of the Don. Hitler thought that the Luftwaffe could supply the 6th Army with an "air bridge". This would allow the Germans in the city to fight while a new force was assembled. A similar plan had been used a year earlier at the Demyansk Pocket.

The director of "Luftflotte" 4, Wolfram von Richthofen, tried to get this decision stopped. The forces under 6th Army were almost twice as large as a regular German army unit, plus there was also a corps of the 4th Panzer Army trapped in the city. The maximum they could deliver a day was far less than the minimum needed.

To add to the limited number of Junkers Ju 52 planes the Germans used other planes like the Heinkel He 177 . General Richthofen told Manstein on 27 November that the Luftwaffe could not supply 300 tons a day by air. Manstein now saw the problems of a supply by air. The next day he made a report which said that the supply by air would be impossible. He said the Sixth Army should try to escape. He said that giving up Stalingrad would be a difficult loss, but that it would keep the Sixth Army intact. Hitler said that the Sixth Army would have to stay at Stalingrad and that the air force would supply it until the Germans could attack the Soviets.

The "Luftwaffe" was able to deliver an average of of supplies per day. The most successful day, 19 December, delivered of supplies in 154 flights. In the early parts of the operation, more fuel was shipped than food and ammunition because the Germans thought they could escape from the city. Transport airplanes also flew out sick or wounded men from the city. The German attack did not reach the 6th Army. The air supply operation continued. The 6th Army slowly starved. 160 German transport aircraft were destroyed and 328 were heavily damaged. Some 266 Junkers Ju 52s were destroyed.

Soviet forces grouped together around Stalingrad. Violent fighting to attack the Germans began. Operation Winter Storm ("Operation Wintergewitter"), the German attempt to rescue the trapped army from the south, was at first successful. By 19 December, the German Army had pushed to within 48 km (30 mi) of Sixth Army's positions. Some German officers asked Paulus go against Hitler's orders and try to escape out of the Stalingrad. Paulus refused. On 23 December, Manstein's forces had to defend themselves from new Soviet attacks.

On 16 December, the Soviets launched Operation Little Saturn. It attempted to make a hole through the Axis army (mainly Italians) on the Don and capture Rostov. The Germans set up a defence of small units. 15 Soviet divisions—supported by at least 100 tanks—attacked the Italian Cosseria and Ravenna Divisions. The Soviets never got close to Rostov because of the Italian defence.

The German attempt to break through to Stalingrad was stopped and Army Group A was told to come back from the Caucasus.

The 6th Army could no longer hope to escape. The 6th Army did not have enough fuel. As well, the German soldiers have found it very hard to break through the Soviet lines on foot in the cold winter conditions.

The Germans retreated from the suburbs of Stalingrad to the city itself. The loss of the two airfields, at Pitomnik on 16 January 1943 and Gumrak on the night of 21/22 January, meant an end to air supplies and to the flying out the wounded. The third and last runway was at the Stalingradskaja flight school, which had the last landings and takeoffs on the night of 22–23 January. After that, there were no landings except for air drops of ammunition and food.

The Germans were now not only starving, but running out of ammunition. They continued to fight because they thought the Soviets would execute any Germans who surrendered. A Soviet group (Major Aleksandr Smyslov, Captain Nikolay Dyatlenko and a trumpeter) carried an offer to Paulus: if he surrendered within 24 hours, he would receive a guarantee of safety for all prisoners, medical care for the sick and wounded, prisoners allowed to keep their personal belongings, food rations, and be sent to any country they wanted after the war. Paulus was ordered not to surrender by Hitler, so he did not respond.

On 30 January 1943, the 10th anniversary of Hitler coming to power, Goebbels said "The heroic struggle of our soldiers on the Volga should be a warning for everybody..." Also on that day Hitler promoted Paulus to "Generalfeldmarschall". Since no German Field Marshal had ever been taken prisoner, Hitler assumed that Paulus would fight on or kill himself.

The next day, the southern group in Stalingrad was defeated by the Soviets. Soviet forces reached the entrance to the German headquarters. General Schmidt surrendered the headquarters. Paulus said he had not surrendered and refused to order the remaining German forces to surrender.

Four Soviet armies attacked the remaining northern group. On 2 February, General Strecker surrendered. Around 91,000 tired, ill, wounded, and starving prisoners were taken, including 3,000 Romanians (the survivors of the 20th Infantry Division, 1st Cavalry Division and "Col. Voicu" Detachment). The prisoners included 22 generals. Hitler was angry and said that Paulus should have killed himself, but instead "he prefers to go to Moscow." Paulus was Roman Catholic and therefore did not.

The German public was not officially told of the loss until the end of January 1943, though positive media reports had stopped in the weeks before the announcement. Stalingrad marked the first time that the Nazi government publicly admitted a failure in its war effort. It was a major defeat where German losses were almost equal to those of the Soviets. Prior losses of the Soviet Union were generally three times as high as the German ones. On 31 January, German state radio played the Adagio movement from Anton Bruckner's Seventh Symphony, followed by the announcement of the defeat at Stalingrad.

On 18 February, Minister of Propaganda Joseph Goebbels gave the "Sportpalast" speech in Berlin, encouraging the Germans to accept a total war.
Out of the nearly 110,000 German prisoners captured in Stalingrad, only about 6,000 ever returned. They were sent to prisoner camps and later to labour camps all over the Soviet Union. Some 35,000 were eventually sent on transports, of which 17,000 did not survive. Some were kept in the city to help rebuild.

Some senior officers were taken to Moscow and used for propaganda purposes. Some of them joined the National Committee for a Free Germany. Some, including Paulus, signed anti-Hitler statements that were broadcast to German troops. Paulus testified for the prosecution during the Nuremberg Trials. He remained in the Soviet Union until 1952, then moved to Dresden in East Germany. General Walther von Seydlitz-Kurzbach offered to raise an anti-Hitler army from the Stalingrad survivors, but the Soviets did not accept. It was not until 1955 that the last of the 5-6,000 survivors were repatriated (to West Germany).

During the defence of Stalingrad, the Red Army used six armies (8th, 28th, 51st, 57th, 62nd and 64th Armies) in and around the city. An additional nine armies in the final attack on the Germans. The nine armies used for the final attack were the 24th Army, 65th Army, 66th Army and 16th Air Army from the north as part of the Don Front offensive and 1st Guards Army, 5th Tank, 21st Army, 2nd Air Army and 17th Air Army from the south as part of the Soviet Southwestern Front.

Counting how many people were killed and wounded in the battle of Stalingrad is hard. One way is to only count the fighting within the city and suburbs. Another way of counting is to count all the fighting on the southern part of the Soviet-German front from the spring of 1942 to the winter of 1943. Different scholars have made different estimates depending on how widely you consider the battle.

The Axis had from 500,000 to 850,000 casualties (killed, wounded, captured) among all branches of the German armed forces and its allies and only 5-6,000 returned to Germany by 1955. The remainder of the POWs died in Soviet captivity.

On 2 February 1943, the fighting of Axis troops in Stalingrad stopped. Out of the 91,000 prisoners taken by the Soviets, 3,000 were Romanian.

The Red Army had a total of 1,129,619 total casualties; 478,741 men killed or missing and 650,878 wounded. These numbers are for the whole Don region; in the city itself 750,000 were killed, captured, or wounded.

Anywhere from 25,000 to 40,000 Soviet civilians died in Stalingrad and its suburbs during a single week of aerial bombing by "Luftflotte" 4 as the German 4th Panzer and 6th Armies got close to the city; the total number of civilians killed in the regions outside the city is unknown.

In all, the battle resulted in an estimated total of 1.7-2 million Axis and Soviet casualties, making it possibly the bloodiest battle in all of human history.
In the original 1942 plan, the occupation of Stalingrad had not been a goal. Based on the military successes of the Germans in the first month of the attacks, Hitler decided to expand the military goals. Hitler thought that the Soviet forces across the Don river were weak. The new goals included Stalingrad and even capturing the Volga.

Once the Armies began to fight in the for the city, both sides began to feel that it was very important to win. The Germans sent a lot of troops into the city. This meant that their side did not control the Don river and the Soviet bridges. The German side made steady progress in the fighting and eventually held about 90% of the city.

The German focus on the city made them not think of the weakness of their defenses along the Don and the massive buildup of Soviet forces on their sides. After the Soviet breakthrough, the Germans were very disorganized. The 6th Army was eventually reorganized in time for the Battle of Kursk, but was made up mostly of new soldiers and was never as strong as it had once been.

Germany failed at Stalingrad because they expanded the goals in the second half of July. After one month of success, the Germans started believing they could win the battle. Hitler ordered too many goals and he did not think Soviet reserves were as strong as they were. To the south of Stalingrad, Army Group A was trying to capture the oilfields. Then its goals were expanded to include the whole of the Black Sea coast.

Stalingrad was a turning point in the war. It also showed the discipline and determination of both the German "Wehrmacht" and the Soviet Red Army. The Soviets first defended Stalingrad against a strong German attack. Newly arrived Soviet soldiers often died in less than a day. Soviet officers often died in three days.

Historians have talked about how much terror there was in the Red Army. Beevor noted the bravery of the Soviet soldiers. Richard Overy says that some people think that in the "summer of 1942 the Soviet army fought because it was forced to fight,” but he says this is not true A historian talked to Soviet veterans about terror on the Eastern Front. Many soldiers said they were relieved at the order not to retreat. Infantryman Lev Lvovich’s said he felt better.

For the heroism of the Soviet defenders of Stalingrad, the city was awarded the title Hero City in 1945. Twenty-four years after the battle, in October 1967, a monument, The Motherland Calls, was built on Mamayev Kurgan, the hill overlooking the city. The hill actually used to be much larger, but had been flattened due to constant artillery fire. The statue forms part of a war memorial that includes ruined walls from the battle. The Grain Silo, as well as Pavlov's House can still be visited.

Many women fought on the Soviet side, or were under fire. At the beginning of the battle there were 75,000 women and girls from the Stalingrad area who had finished military or medical training, and all of whom were to serve in the battle. Women staffed a great many of the anti-aircraft batteries that fought not only the Luftwaffe but German tanks. Soviet nurses not only treated wounded men under fire but brought wounded soldiers back to the hospitals under enemy fire. Many of the Soviet wireless and telephone operators were women who often suffered heavy injuries and deaths. Though women were not usually trained as infantry, many Soviet women fought as machine gunners, mortar operators, and scouts. Women were also snipers at Stalingrad. Three air regiments at Stalingrad were entirely female. At least three women won the title Hero of the Soviet Union while driving tanks at Stalingrad.

The German Army showed a lot of discipline after being surrounded. Many German soldiers starved or froze to death. Yet, discipline was continued until the very end. General Friedrich Paulus obeyed Hitler's orders and did not attempt to escape out of the city. German ammunition, supplies, and food became scarce. Generals from both sides suffered from massive stress because of the battle and also because of the fact that they had to report to the most brutal leader in their nation's history. Many generals suffered health problems because of their stress.

Paulus followed his orders and fought to the very end. He asked for permission to surrender, but it was denied. Hitler promoted him to the rank of "Generalfeldmarschall". No German field marshal had ever surrendered, and the implication was clear. Hitler believed that Paulus would either fight to the last man or commit suicide. Paulus was taken prisoner.

After his capture, Paulus told the Soviets that he had not surrendered. He refused to issue an order for the Germans to surrender.

The events of the battle for Stalingrad have been shown in several movies of German, Russian, British and American origin.

The battle is described in many books.

In the novel "The Book Thief", one character was presumed to have died or been captured in The Battle of Stalingrad.

In the 2011 video game , the game shows famous locations of the battle, such as Pavlov's House, the Red October Factory and Mamayev Kurgan, among others.

The 2013 game, Company of Heroes 2, showed the battle in certain missions. It was criticized by Russian players for being untrue and on August 7 sales in Russia were stopped.


World War I reparations

World War I reparations means the payments and transfers of property and equipment that Germany was forced to make after its defeat during World War I.

Article 231 of the Treaty of Versailles (the 'war guilt' clause) declared Germany and its allies responsible for all 'loss and damage' of the Allies during the war and set up the basis for reparations.

In January 1921, the total sum due was decided by an Inter-Allied Reparations Commission and was set at 132 billion gold marks, about £6.096 billion or $33 billion Billion US dollars in 1919 (roughly $12,370.53 Billion US dollars as of 2024). This was a sum that many economists believed to be too much. Later that year, the amount was reduced to 132 billion marks, which still seemed too much for most German observers, both because of the amount itself as well as the terms.

Germany stopped paying the reparations after Hitler's Nazi Party took power in 1933, with about one-eighth of the reparations having been paid by then. The final payments were made on the day exactly 20 years after German reunification.

There was large debate about the justice and likely impact of the reparations decided. John Maynard Keynes resigned form the British Treasury in 1919 to protest this high sum of money demanded.

The 1924 Dawes Plan changed Germany's reparation payments. In May 1929, the Young Plan reduced further payments to 112 billion gold marks ($28.35 billion over a period of 59 years, which was 1988). In addition, the Young Plan divided the yearly payment, set at two billion gold marks (US$473 million), into two parts: one part equal to one third of the sum and could not be postponed and a postponable part for the remaining two-thirds.

Because of the Great Depression there was an attempt to delay further payments. It failed, but 
in the Lausanne Conference of 1932, it was decided to cancel reparations. By this time Germany had paid one eighth of the sum required under the Treaty of Versailles. But Germany refused to continue paying upon Hitler's rise to power.

Only a few German people accepted that they lost the war. The German High Command blamed many civilian parts in the society, especially socialists, communists and Jews. The idea was known as "Dolchstoßlegende" (stab-in-the-back myth). The Germans were unhappy with the sum of reparations, which seems terrible, partly because German leaders could not represent in the decision.

Economic problems from the payments were said to be an important factor that led to the end of the Weimar Republic and the beginning of dictatorship of Adolf Hitler. John Maynard Keynes, a British economist, said this would weaken German economy as well as German politics. However, many historians disagreed. Margaret MacMillan, a Canadian historian, showed her idea that Germany could have paid all the payments if they wanted to. She said that the problem was Germany would not like to pay.

Sally Marks, an American historian, also thought that Germany could pay the reparations. She said the Germans paid the reparations in full and on time as long as the French occupied Düsseldorf in 1921, but stopped after the French were no longer stationed there in 1922. Later that year, the problem became more serious as French and Belgian representatives urged an occupation of the Ruhr Area to force Germany to pay, while the British wanted to lower the reparations. Occupation of the Ruhr began in January 1923. The Allies felt that the German government's refusal to pay was done to test whether the Allies willed to enforce reparations.

As a "quiet fight" in the Ruhr, the German government began the hyperinflation that destroyed the German economy in 1923. In 2008, a British historain Richard J. Evans said that the German government was responsible for the hyperinflation as they preferred this to paying reparations. The Germans won the world's pity, and after that, the French were forced to agree to the Dawes Plan of April 1924, which lowered the reparations. Under this new plan, Germany paid 1 billion marks in 1924 and reached the total of 2.25 billion by 1927. After that year, Germany was able to pay 2.5 billion marks per year. However, the Germans still stop paying the reparations. To deal with this, the Allies met in a conference in London in July-August 1924, and was the first time that Germany challenged the Versailles Treaty.

The Germans complained that payments under the Dawes Plan were still too high, so the Young Plan of 1928 was set up and the Germans were not required to pay higher than 2.5 billion until 1988. Gustav Stresemann demanded that Rhineland must returned to Germany in order that Germany accept the plan. Under strong pressure, the French left Rhineland in June 1930.

The British historain A. J. P. Taylor wrote that the reparations was harsh enough to be seen as a punishment, but not enough to stop Germany from regaining its great power status, and can be blamed for the rise of Adolf Hitler.


Richard III (play)

Richard III is a history play written by William Shakespeare. It is one of Shakespeare's most famous and popular plays. Shakespeare probably wrote "Richard III" around the year 1593. The play was first printed in a book in 1597.

Like other history plays written by Shakespeare, "Richard III" is about people and events from earlier in English history. The real Richard III was king of England from 1483 to 1485. Shakespeare used the history books of his own time to create his play, though many modern experts do not think those early histories, or Shakespeare's play, are accurate and free of bias.

"Richard III" is different from many plays, because its leading character is a villain, not a hero. In his play, Shakespeare shows the king as a cruel tyrant who does many evil acts, before he is defeated in battle and killed by Henry Tudor. Tudor then becomes Henry VII of England, the next English king and the first of the Tudor dynasty. The play contains black comedy, especially because Richard III keeps telling people he is a good man despite behaving like a villain.

Shakespeare lived and wrote before modern ideas of freedom of speech and freedom of the press had become accepted. The English government of Shakespeare's day practiced censorship of books and plays. Elizabeth I of England, who was queen from 1558 to 1603, was the granddaughter of Henry VII and the last Tudor ruler. Her government saw Richard III as a villain and the man who replaced him, Henry VII, as a hero, and censored any other point of view. If Shakespeare had wanted to write a play with Richard III as a hero, he would not have been allowed to do so.

A famous movie version of "Richard III" was made in 1955. Laurence Olivier directed the movie and played the leading role. Other movie and television versions, and many modern stage productions, have also been done.

Lojban

Lojban is a constructed language that some people speak. It is an unusual language because it is based on predicate logic, and because it is made to have no syntactic ambiguity. These qualities make many people call Lojban a "logical language."

People from all countries can learn and speak Lojban. A person who speaks Lojban is sometimes called a "lojbanist".

Lojban was made between 1987 and 1997 by an organization called the "Logical Language Group". The rules (grammar) of Lojban are written in a book called "The Complete Lojban Language. "This book was published in 1997, and written by John Woldemar Cowen. Lojban grammar terms are ordered in a structure:

Lojban is based on an earlier language called Loglan. Loglan was the first "logical language". It was created by a man named James Cooke Brown, who wanted to test a hypothesis called the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis. The Sapir-Whorf hypothesis says that languages affect and limit how their speakers think.

As with Loglan, one of Lojban's goals is to test the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis. Lojban is meant to change how people think. This is because it is unlike any natural language, and because it forces its speakers to focus on the logic of what they say.

Another goal of Lojban is to be simple and easy to learn, so Lojban only has 1300 main words. Anyone can combine these "root words" to make more complex words.

If you speak Lojban correctly, it is unlikely for someone else to be confused by what you are saying. This is because one goal of Lojban was to eliminate syntactic ambiguity from language.

One of the problems with natural languages like English is that they have very much ambiguity. This means that not everything a person might say has one clear meaning in these languages. 

Linguistic relationships are always very clear in Lojban, so such ambiguity cannot exist in the language.

Here are some examples of words and sentences in Lojban:
"mi'e" is used when you are telling somebody your name. There is no country where everyone speaks Lojban, so nobody is born with a name in Lojban. But, some Lojbanists make up lojban names for themselves that they use. Because they know most other people do not speak lojban, they usually keep their real name as well, and only use their lojban name when speaking to other lojbanists. If someone is telling you their real name, they usually say "mi'e la'oi" (sounds like "miheh lahoy") followed by the name.

"go'i" means "yes, I agree with you". Sometimes in English, the word 'yes' is used to mean other things. For example, you might say "Yes" (or "OK" or "uh-huh") to tell someone that you heard what they are saying. In Lojban you do not say "go'i" for this; instead you say "je'e" (sounds like "zhehheh"). This is part of the idea of lojban: to make words easier to understand by making sure that one word can only mean one thing.

Annulment

Annulment is a method under civil or canon law, similar to divorce, to declare that a marriage is not a real marriage. Though the Roman Catholic Church forbids divorce, it sometimes grants annulment, saying that the marriage never really happened.

Reasons include:

Osroene

Osroene (also spelled Osrohene, Osrhoene, from the Greek ; '), also known by the name of its capital city, Edessa (modern Şanlıurfa, Turkey), was a historic kingdom located on the present-day border of Syria and Turkey. The kingdom was Assyrian and enjoyed semi-autonomy to complete independence from the years of 132 BCE to 244 AD.
It was a Syriac speaking kingdom, and according to an ancient legend King Abgar V of Edessa was converted to Christianity by Thaddeus of Edessa, or Saint Addai, one of the Seventy-two Disciples. By 201 AD or earlier, under King Abgar the Great, Osroene became the first Christian state.

BRIT Awards

The BRIT Awards (often called just the Brits), are awards given yearly by the British Phonographic Industry (an association of British people who are professionally involved in the recorded music industry) for outstanding work in music.

There have been many musicians that have won more than one award. The table below shows those that have won more than four awards.


Sound of the Underground

Sound of the Underground was a 2003 album by Girls Aloud. It was their first album. It was released in May 2003.


The album was released again in December 2003. It had other songs too.


What Will the Neighbours Say?

What Will The Neighbours Say? was a 2004 album by Girls Aloud. It was their second album. Five singles were released from it. After the album was released Girls Aloud did their first tour, What Will the Neighbours Say? Live.


Chemistry (album)

Chemistry is a 2005 album by Girls Aloud. It was their third album.


The Sound of Girls Aloud

The Sound of Girls Aloud was a 2006 album by Girls Aloud that featured all of their most popular songs so far. It was their fourth album.


Tangled Up

Tangled Up was a 2007 album by Girls Aloud. It was their fifth album.


Oil paint

Oil paint is a traditional method used for artists' painting. In oil paint, "pigments" (colours) are held together by the medium of oil. The most usual type of oil that is used in paint is linseed oil.

A picture that is painted using oil paint is called an "oil painting". Oil paint takes a long time to dry. Artists find this useful because they can keep working on the painting for a long time. People say that Leonardo da Vinci worked on his painting of the Mona Lisa for four years, even though it is not a very large picture. Oils paints, and oil paintings are often just called "oils" for short. If someone talks about "painting in oils" they mean that the painting is done in oil paints.

No-one knows when oil paint was first used. Caves in Afghanistan are decorated with ancient paintings in paint mixed with oils.
It is believed that this type of paint was used in other countries of Asia as well.

It is believed that oil paint was used in Europe in the Middle Ages at first for decorating shields, because oil paint lasted better than the traditional paint of tempera when it was in the weather, or if it was roughly treated.

The Renaissance art historian, Giorgio Vasari, said that the art of oil painting came from northern Europe and the person who invented it was the famous Flemish painter Jan van Eyck. Artists from the areas of modern Belgium and the Netherlands were the first artists to make oil painting their usual method of painting. This trend spread to other parts of Northern Europe. A famous painting called the "Portinari Altarpiece" by Hugo van der Goes arrived in Florence in the 1470s at a time when Leonardo da Vinci was young. Oil paintings at this date were usually done on wooden panels, in the way that tempera pictures were.

Another influence on oil painting in Italy was an artist from Sicily called Antonello da Messina, who had learnt to paint in oils. He travelled the length of Italy, from Sicily to Venice and did many small paintings including portraits and pictures of the Madonna and Child and Jesus. He influenced many artists, particularly in Venice. Giovanni Bellini, who was one of a family of well-known painters, was one of the first painters in Italy to paint very large pictures in oil paint. Artists from other parts of Italy visited Venice and soon the new method of painting spread.

By 1540, there were very few painters who still worked in tempera, the previous method for painting on panels. In Italy, many artists continued to decorate walls and ceiling with frescos. However, it was discovered that oil paint, unlike tempera was flexible (it could bend). This meant that it could be used on flexible surfaces like cloth without breaking away and falling off. Once painting on canvas (heavy linen cloth) became usual, artists were able to do enormous pictures. If the painting was too big to fit through a doorway, the artist could just roll it up.

Since the 1500s, oil painting has remained the favourite technique for artists who want to paint a picture that will last for a long time. The gallery below shows works by some of the most famous artists who have worked in oil paint. The famous artists of the 20th century are not shown here, because many of their works are copyright. Famous modernist artists who have painted in oils include Picasso, Matisse, Mondrian, Chagall, Kandinsky, Malevich, Salvador Dali, Francis Bacon, Lucien Freud, and Jackson Pollock.

Up to about 1960 oils and water paints were overwhelmingly the leading materials chosen by painters. In the years since then acrylic paints and water-mixable oil paints have been more and more used.

Linseed oil, which is the main type of oil used for oil painting, comes from the flax seed. Flax has been an important crop for thousands of years, because linen cloth is made from it. This means that the oil for painting and the cloth for painting on both come from the same plant. To get different effects, artists would use mixtures of different oils. These include pine resin, frankincense, poppy seed oil, walnut oil, and in more modern times safflower oil.

Artists use turpentine or mineral spirits to thin the paint if they wanted to make a fast-drying sketch that they can then paint over in more detail. The oil paint on the artist's brushes is cleaned out with turpentine after use. Modern chemists have made oil paints that can be used with water. This makes the clean-up job at the end of painting much easier and less smelly. Oil paint is usually dry to the touch in a day to two weeks, depending on how much oil and turpentine is in it. An oil painting is generally varnished when it is finished, which gives a slight shine to the surface and protects it. A painting should dry for several months before it is varnished. An oil painting is not completely dry until it is 60 to 80 years old. Varnishing used to be considered an important part of finishing a painting. Many modern artists do not varnish their pictures at all.

Linen canvas is the traditional surface for an oil painting. Cotton canvas can also be used, and is cheaper. The canvas must be stretched tightly over a frame called a "stretcher" and fixed into place with little tacks or staples. Then it must be treated with a sort of glue called "size". This is often made from boiled rabbit skins. Some artists like to paint on board rather than canvas.

Before an artist can paint on a board or canvas, they must prepare it with a "ground" or "undercoat" of plain white paint. Then the artist can sketch a picture onto the surface using charcoal, or paint that is made thin and quick-drying with turpentine or mineral spirits. The artist often works in a brownish or bluish colour, to suggest where the "tone" (light and dark) will be in the finished painting. Then the colours and details are put on in layers.

The good thing about oil paint is that it can be used in all sorts of ways that most other types of paint cannot be used. 
Because oil paint can be used in so many different ways, it is better than any other type of paint for painting different textures.

The first European artists to use oils liked to make the surface very smooth. By the middle of the 1500s, some artists like Tintoretto were painting in a much streakier way. Rembrandt, in the 1600s, used the oil paint in all sorts of ways to get different effects. He used every technique that is described in the list above. After Rembrandt, there were always some artists who liked to work in a smooth way, and others who used many different ways of putting on the paint. This has continued through to Modern times.


John Law

John Law ("baptized" 21 April 1671 - 21 March 1729) was a Scottish economist who believed that money was only a means of exchange that did not have wealth in itself, and that national wealth depended on trade. He is said to be the father of finance, responsible for the adoption or use of paper money or bills in the world today.



List of The Simpsons characters

The Simpsons is an animated television sitcom. This is a list of "The Simpsons" characters.


Some of the many different characters who appeared on the show include:



Edicts of Ashoka

The Edicts of Ashoka are a collection of 33 inscriptions on the "Pillars of Ashoka", as well as on large stones and cave walls, made by the Emperor Ashoka of the Mauryan dynasty during his reign from 272 to 231 BCE. The edicts describe in detail the first wide expansion of Buddhism. According to the edicts, the extent of Buddhist proselytism during this period reached as far as the Mediterranean, and many Buddhist monuments were created.
Ashoka did not completely forbid the killing of animals; he wanted to control the number of 
animals that had to be killed for human consumption or sacrificing, protected some of them, and in general criticized violent acts against animals, such as castration.
He wrote these edicts on rock and pillar.

Edicts are royal orders or proclamations.These edicts were set up in different part of Ashoka's empire and spread the message of Ashoka's Dhamma.There are about 14 rock edicts and 7 pillar edicts currently found.

Edicts were written in local language. Most of the Ashoka's edicts are written in Brahmi Script and were discovered by James Prinsep, a British official in 1837. After this major breakthrough, historians and scholars were able to obtain information about Ashoka and his reign.



Proselytism

Proselytism is the practice of attempting to convert people to another opinion and, particularly, another religion. 

The word "proselytism" comes from the Greek language prefix 'pros' (towards) and the verb 'erchomai' (I come). Historically in the New Testament, the word proselyte meant a person who had converted to the Jewish religion. Though the word proselytism was originally used in Christianity, it is also used to refer to other religions' attempts to convert people to their beliefs or even any attempt to convert people to another point of view, religious or not. Today, the connotations of the word proselytism are often negative.




Ken Hitchcock

Ken Hitchcock (born December 17, 1951 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former Canadian NHL ice hockey coach, who coached in the NHL from 1995–96 to 2018–19. Ken won one Stanley Cup with the Dallas Stars, in the 1998–99 NHL season.

Armistice

An armistice is the effective end of a war, when the parties agree to stop fighting. The word comes from the Latin "arma", meaning weapons and "statium", meaning a stopping. 

A truce or ceasefire usually refers to a "temporary" stop of hostilities for an agreed limited time or within a limited area. A truce may be needed in order to negotiate an armistice. 
An armistice is not the same as a peace treaty, which may take months or even years to agree on. The 1953 Korean War armistice is a major example of an armistice which has not yet been followed by a peace treaty. 

The United Nations Security Council often demands cease-fire of parties in modern conflicts. Armistices are always negotiated between the parties themselves and are thus generally seen as more binding than UN cease-fire resolutions in modern international law. 

The most famous armistice is the Armistice with Germany at the end of World War I, on 11 November, 1918, signed near Compiègne, France, and effective at the "eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month." 

Armistice of 11 November 1918

The armistice treaty between the Allies, who fought Germany during World War I, and Germany was signed in a railway carriage in Compiègne Forest on 11 November 1918, and marked the end of the First World War on the Western Front. Marshal Ferdinand Foch, the Allied Commander-in-chief, and Matthias Erzberger, Germany's representative were the most important persons who signed it.

The Armistice was agreed at 5 AM on 11 November, to come into effect at 11 AM Paris time. 

Acting German commander Paul von Hindenburg had requested arrangements for a meeting from Ferdinand Foch via telegram on 7 November. He was under pressure of imminent revolution in Berlin, Munich and elsewhere across Germany. 

This stopped the fighting, but it took much longer to get a complete settlement. The actual terms, largely written by Foch, included:

Although the armistice ended the fighting on the Western Front, it had to be prolonged three times until the Treaty of Versailles. This took effect on 10 January 1920.

These terms were severe. The later abdication of the Kaiser, and the economic troubles of Germany in the 1920s, led towards the later rise of Adolf Hitler. 

For the Allies, the personnel involved were entirely military:

For Germany:

General Weygand and General von Gruennel are not mentioned in the (French) document.

The peace between the Allies and Germany that followed this armistice was the Treaty of Versailles in 1919.


WWE SmackDown

WWE SmackDown is a professional wrestling television program for WWE. Currently it is the only television broadcast for the SmackDown! brand. From its launch in 1999, "SmackDown!" was shown on Thursday nights, but as of September 9 2005, the show moved to Friday nights. To reflect this change, the show is now known to as "Friday Night SmackDown!". The "SmackDown!" brand is currently one of WWE's two brands, the other being "Raw".

Its currently shown in the United States on MyNetworkTV, in Canada on The Score Network and on E! Montreal, in Turkey on Fox TV, in Bangladesh, India and Pakistan on Ten Sports, in Germany on DSF, in the UK and Republic of Ireland on Sky Sports 3, Italy on Sky Italia, in Finland on "Urheilukanava", in Portugal on TVI, in the Dominican Republic on "Antena Latina" Channel 7, in Puerto Rico on WAPA and on The CW, in Ecuador on Teleamazonas, in Chile on Chilevisión, in Malaysia on TV3, in Mexico on 52MX, in Australia on FOX8, in New Zealand on The BOX,in Bulgaria on GTV, in the Philippines on Jack TV and ABC, in Peru on ATV, in Spain on Cuatro, in Romania on TV Sport, in Serbia on FOX Televizija, in Saudi Arabia and Middle East on Showtime Arabia and ShowSports 4, in France on RTL9, in Japan on J Sports, on e.tv in South Africa, on AFN Xtra, on the Super Channel (Channel 10) in Fiji Islands, on VTV in El Salvador, on Canal 9 in Argentina, on Canal 4 RP in Panama and on SBT in Brazil.

"SmackDown!" was first seen on April 29, 1999 as a single television special on UPN. On August 26, 1999, "SmackDown!" officially started on UPN, in Kansas City, Missouri. Like "WCW Thunder", "SmackDown!" was recorded on Tuesdays and then broadcast on Thursdays. The new WWF show was so popular that WCW moved "Thunder" to Wednesdays in the hope of holding on to fans rather than losing them to WWF. "SmackDown!", like "Thunder", made heavy use of the color blue, earning it the nickname "The Blue Show" amongst wrestling fans.

The first "SmackDown!" set was different as it had an oval-shaped TitanTron (which was dubbed the "OvalTron"), entrance and stage which made it stand out from the "RAW" set and its rectangular TitanTrons. An added feature to the first set was the ability for the OvalTron to be moved to either the left or right of the stage. Throughout the show's early existence, top WWF superstar The Rock routinely called "SmackDown!" "his" show, in reference to the fact that the name was derived from one of his catchphrases, "Laying the smackdown." In August 2001, as part of celebrating "SmackDown!"'s second anniversary, the show got a new logo and set. The last "SmackDown!" to use the previous television set saw Alliance member Rhyno Gore WWF member Chris Jericho through the center screen, destroying part of the set.

In early to mid-2002, WWE had a process they called the "Brand Extension". WWE divided itself into two "de facto" wrestling promotions with separate rosters, storylines and authority figures. RAW and SmackDown! would host each division, give its name to the division and essentially compete against each other. The split was a result of WWF purchasing their two biggest competitors, WCW and ECW. The brand extension was publicly announced during a telecast of "WWF RAW" on March 25, 2002, and became official the next day.

Wrestlers now would become show-exclusive, wrestling for their specific show only. At the time this excluded the WWE Undisputed Championship and WWE Women's Championship, as those WWE titles would be defended on both shows. In August 2002, WWE Undisputed Champion Brock Lesnar refused to defend the title on RAW, in effect causing his title to become exclusive to SmackDown! The following week on "RAW", General Manager Eric Bischoff awarded a newly instated World Heavyweight Championship to RAW's designated #1 contender, Triple H. Due to the fact that since the WWE Undisputed Championship was now SmackDown! exclusive it was no longer seen as "Undisputed". Following this, the WWE Women's Championship soon became RAW-exclusive as well. As a result of the Brand Extension, an annual "draft lottery" was instituted to exchange members of each roster and generally refresh the lineups.

On June 6, 2005, WWE Champion John Cena switched brands from SmackDown! to RAW as part of the month-long Draft Lottery. This effectively left SmackDown! without a World Title. During this time, United States Champion Orlando Jordan was billed as the top champion on the show. On June 23, 2005, in Tucson, SmackDown! General Manager Theodore Long announced a six-man elimination match between John "Bradshaw" Layfield, Booker T, Chris Benoit, The Undertaker, Christian (replacing The Big Show, who was picked by RAW in the lottery), and Muhammad Hassan to crown the first SmackDown! Champion. On the June 30 episode of "SmackDown!", JBL won the match. Long appeared afterward and stated that even though JBL had won the match, SmackDown! did not need a Championship anymore. Batista, the World Heavyweight Champion, entered the ring as SmackDown!'s final draft lottery pick. Long also showed that JBL was the number one contender for the World Heavyweight Championship.

It was possible that WWE's "lame duck" status with Viacom on Spike TV is what prompted its moving "SmackDown!" to the Friday night death slot for the Fall 2005 season. However, it worked out for both parties involved, as the show did better in the ratings than it had on Thursdays, while UPN got much better ratings on Fridays than it did before, with its movie night. Also, UPN had been able to hold on to the ratings from Thursday nights, most notably with comedian Chris Rock's "Wonder Years"-like sitcom "Everybody Hates Chris". In January 2006, prior to the announcement of the CW Network, it was announced that UPN had renewed "SmackDown!" for two more years.

Following the cancellation of "", "SmackDown!" was renamed "Friday Night SmackDown!" and moved into "Enterprise"'s old timeslot in the United States. WWE promoted this move with the tagline "TV that's changing Friday nights." "Friday Night SmackDown!" made its start on September 9 2005. The program still aired on Thursdays in Canada on the Score. In the United Kingdom and Australia, their stations Sky Sports and FOX8 air "SmackDown!" on Fridays before the United States due to the time difference. This is the first time a major weekly WWE show airs internationally before it hits screens in the U.S.

The events of Hurricane Katrina affected the first version of "Friday Night SmackDown!" in the U.S. due to a special fundraising concert (see ) that was shown on UPN at the same time that the first version would have been shown, resulting in only the second hour of the show being shown on UPN. The first hour was instead streamed from WWE's website. Other countries, including Canada, United Kingdom, Australia and the Philippines received the full two-hour show. WWOR-TV (My 9, New York, New York) also aired both hours of the show on tape delay on Saturday, due to a previous commitment to broadcast the New York Yankees on Friday nights.

At the "SmackDown!" taping on January 10 2006, Batista had to forfeit the World Heavyweight Championship because of a triceps injury. Theodore Long made a Battle Royal for the vacant title. The winner was at the time RAW superstar Kurt Angle, who later switched to the SmackDown! brand. In a break from their traditional role of acting as if "SmackDown!" is not pre-recorded, WWE.com had a photograph of Angle holding his new title on the main page. WWE also did this when Edge cashed in his Money in the Bank contract to win the World Heavyweight Championship from The Undertaker and when The Great Khali won a battle royal after Edge's injury.

On the April 7 2006 version of "SmackDown!", general manager Theodore Long said that the King of the Ring tournament would return after a four-year hiatus as a "SmackDown!"-exclusive tournament. The tournament ended at Judgment Day 2006 with Booker T as the winner, defeating Bobby Lashley in the final.

On June 9 2006, Tazz left the SmackDown! brand to join the new ECW brand, leaving the color commentator position on SmackDown! vacant. However, on June 11 at One Night Stand 2006, JBL revealed that he would be the new color commentator for SmackDown! He stayed in that position until December 2007 when he left SmackDown! to become an in-ring competitor on RAW. Jonathan Coachman replaced him afterwards.

On September 22 2006, "Friday Night SmackDown!" was started on The CW Television Network, a joint venture between CBS Corporation, owner of UPN, and Warner Bros. Entertainment, a subsidiary of Time Warner, majority owner of The WB.

For four weeks before the official start (and in preparation for the impending removal of UPN in several markets by the start of MyNetworkTV on September 5 2006) of "Friday Night SmackDown!" on the CW on September 22 2006, Tribune Broadcasting television stations in six major markets (including WPIX in New York City and KTLA in Los Angeles) aired WWE's "Friday Night SmackDown!" early in September 2006. Two other future affiliates of The CW, WCWJ in Jacksonville, Florida and WIWB in Green Bay, Wisconsin, also aired "SmackDown!" in early September as well.

The transition to the CW caused an interruption in the broadcast of "SmackDown!" in the state of Utah beginning in June when KPNZ in Salt Lake City stopped airing all UPN programs early. The show is now seen on KUCW. In Hawaii, "SmackDown!" returned in late 2006, airing on a CW digital subchannel of Honolulu's FOX affiliate KHON (Channel 2), which has received statewide carriage over Oceanic Time Warner Cable. Since the move to the CW Network, "Friday Night SmackDown!" has shown a major increase in ratings now averaging a 3.0 national rating. In addition, "SmackDown!" has become the second highest watched program on The CW.

On April 20 2007, "SmackDown!" celebrated its 400th episode. Ratings success soon followed. On June 8 2007, "Friday Night SmackDown!" made CW history by making a three-way tie with CBS and ABC in the key ad demographic, adults 18-49 by drawing a 1.5 rating each. On June 22 2007, "Friday Night SmackDown!" again made CW history by tying the network for first place in the key ad demographic, adults 18-49, and being the second most watched network program at 9 p.m. for the night. The CW had not performed as well at any time slot since America's Next Top Model in March 2007. The next week on June 29 2007, "Friday Night SmackDown!" helped The CW claim the top spot in the key demographic, Adults 18-49 for Friday. CBS got the overall lead but The CW got top spot for the Adults 18-49 by registering a 1.4 rating followed by CBS and NBC at 1.3, ABC at 1.2, and FOX at 0.9. Then on Friday, July 13 2007, "Friday Night SmackDown!" made network history by placing first in the 18-49 demographic and becoming the most watched show at the 9 p.m. hour on network television. This is the first time anything has placed this well on The CW. "SmackDown!" became a hit show on Friday nights winning the demographics for young males, and ranking second on the demographics (18-49) for Friday nights.

On October 16 2007 it was said that the SmackDown! and ECW brands would begin a "talent exchange", allowing their respective talent to appear and compete on either brand.

On February 8 2008 it was reported that World Wrestling Entertainment and The CW had ended agreements to keep "Friday Night SmackDown!" on the network. WWE stated that agreements with other networks has begun and that "Friday Night SmackDown!" would continue to air on The CW through the end of the 2007-2008 broadcast season. On February 26 WWE issued a press release saying "Friday Night SmackDown!"<nowiki>'s</nowiki> move to MyNetworkTV.

On July 10 2007, Merriam-Webster announced it would induct the word "smackdown" into "Webster's Dictionary". According to Merriam Webster, a "smackdown" is:

"SmackDown" is usually taped on Tuesday evening and shown Friday evening on MyNetworkTV the same week. Lately though, they have taped two episodes at a time and as a result are taped every two weeks. Sometimes, it is taped on Monday nights before or after "RAW" in what is called a "Supershow". "SmackDown" has also been shown live sometimes.

On October 26, 2012, "WWE SmackDown" began using "Born 2 Run" by 7Lions as its theme song. before this, "SmackDown" used "Know Your Enemy" by Green Day. "Hangman" by Rev Theory was used as the secondary theme song.
The previous theme song, "Let it Roll" by Divide the Day was replaced when SmackDown began being broadcast on Syfy.

"Friday Night SmackDown!" began broadcasting in HD beginning with the January 25 2008 edition of "SmackDown!", where a new set started that is shared among all three WWE brands.




Nationwide Arena

Nationwide Arena is a sports arena in Columbus, Ohio. The arena opened in 2000, and right now the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Columbus Destroyers of the Arena Football League (AFL) play there. The arena was built at the location of the old Ohio Penitentiary, a prison that was destroyed in 1998.


The Beatles (album)

The Beatles is a 1968 album by the band of the same name, The Beatles. Its cover included no photographs, but was a simple white jacket, with the band's name die-stamped onto the paper. Early copies also included a serial number. The plain white cover led fans and listeners to call the record the "White Album". In time, even the band and their company, Apple Corps, began to use this name.

"The Beatles" was the band's twelfth album of new recordings, and was released in November 1968. While most albums of the time included ten to fourteen songs, "The Beatles" included thirty-four songs, and was sold as a two-disc set.

The Beatles began writing songs for the album while they were in India, taking a teaching course in Transcendental Meditation. taught by the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in Rishikesh. They planned to become gurus, or spiritual teachers, and use their music to spread Transcendental Meditation to a wide audience. Their helpers back in England looked after their business matters, so the Beatles could have time to study, and to think about what they learned. They released a new single, "Lady Madonna", just before they left for India, so they would not be missed by their fans while they were away.

Between classes and meditation sessions, the Beatles had plenty of free time. They brought some instruments with them, including acoustic guitars, and began to write new songs. "We wrote "tons" of songs in India," John Lennon later told "Playboy" magazine. Their wives and girlfriends also came along to India. Lennon and his wife Cynthia did not spend much time together. He would leave alone in the morning, to pick up the mail. It turned out he was receiving letters and postcards from Yoko Ono, a Japanese artist friend, and did not want Cynthia to know. He said later that while he was in India, he began to think about Ono "as a woman, not just an intellectual woman", and that he might want a romantic relationship with her.

In the end, none of the Beatles finished the course, and returned home to England. Ringo Starr did not like the spicy food served at the ashram where the Maharishi lived and taught, and it made him ill. He also missed his children. Paul McCartney became tired of the long sessions, and wanted to return home. Lennon and George Harrison heard stories that the Maharishi had flirted with Mia Farrow (an American actress who also took the course), and other women at the ashram. They did not think this was right for a "holy man" to do. They confronted the Maharishi, and later left with their wives to go home, deciding the Maharishi was a fraud.

The Beatles had formed their own company, Apple Corps, before they went to India. When they returned, they went to work full-time to make Apple Corps, and especially its record label, Apple Records, a success. To raise money, the Beatles had signed a new recording contract with EMI, the company who owned Parlophone Records, which made and sold their records. They also made an agreement with EMI for them to market Apple Records.

The Beatles needed to record seventy new songs within nine years, between 1967 and 1976, to complete their contract. They believed that once they delivered those seventy recordings, they would be free to go to another record company. Between all the songs they wrote in India, and their backlog of older songs, they knew they could finish the job. They recorded demos of many of the songs at George Harrison's house, using his four-track tape recorder, then began work on the album at Abbey Road Studios in London.

The Beatles's record producer, George Martin, thought they should take the best of the India songs, and make one especially good album. The Beatles instead decided to make a double album, with as many songs on it as possible, to help finish their contract quickly.

The lives of the individual Beatles changed greatly during 1968, and the making of the "White Album". Paul McCartney was engaged to actress Jane Asher, but she came home early one day and found him with another woman, Francine Schwartz, an American who worked for Apple Corps. She and McCartney fought, then made up, but decided to break up later. McCartney also began to use cocaine. The drug made him hard to get along with. Later in the year he met another woman, Linda Eastman, an American photographer who had a daughter, named Heather. McCartney loved children and wanted to start a family, while Jane Asher wanted to put her acting career first. Linda boasted that she would be proud to have McCartney's children. She and McCartney became very close, very quickly.

John Lennon invited Yoko Ono to his house, while Cynthia was away on a vacation with friends, one weekend in May. The two spent a night together in Lennon's attic studio, listening to his avant-garde recordings and finally making one of their own. Lennon discovered Ono was "as barmy (crazy) as I was", and that they connected personally in a way he and Cynthia never had. They finished the recording, and had intercourse as the sun rose that morning. They woke up late the next day, in love with each other, and decided to stay together from then on, even though they were both married to other people. Lennon's wife Cynthia and Ono's husband Anthony Cox both took the news very hard, with their children (Lennon's son Julian by Cynthia, and Ono's daughter Kyoko by Cox) caught in the middle.

George Harrison had grown as a musician and songwriter, and as a celebrity. He was the youngest member of the Beatles, and always felt "under the thumb" of Lennon and McCartney. They and George Martin limited how many of Harrison's songs the Beatles recorded, and turned down many of his songs that other bands would be happy to record. This frustrated Harrison. Almost nobody outside the Beatles knew about the situation. Friends like Ravi Shankar, who was Harrison's first real music teacher, and Eric Clapton, a phenomenal guitarist himself, treated him differently. Most of the public saw Harrison as an equal with Lennon and McCartney. Harrison began to think about making his own music, away from the Beatles.

Back at Abbey Road, Ringo Starr felt out of place during the recording sessions, and that he was not needed. Paul McCartney had not liked Starr's drumming on a song, and re-recorded the part himself when Starr was not there. This hurt Starr's feelings, and he decided to leave the band. He stayed home for a week, playing with his children and deciding what he should do next with his life. The other Beatles missed him, and invited him back. When Starr returned, McCartney and Harrison had covered his drums with flowers and welcome-back messages. Starr felt loved by his bandmates, and stayed.

The changes in the band's personal lives showed in their new recordings. Instead of sounding like a band working together, the songs sounded like solo artists working with a backing group. They also began to have problems getting along. Lennon brought Ono to the studio whenever he came, breaking a rule they had never to bring wives or girlfriends to sessions. Ono, who was also a musician, spoke her mind about how the music sounded, and it took everyone else by surprise. Harrison also began to speak up more for himself, when the band played together.

Outside the studio, people who worked for the Beatles, and the Beatles's fans in England, did not like Ono's influence on Lennon, and let the couple know often, and sometimes loudly. When they attended a play based on Lennon's writings, the audience harassed the pair, asking "Where's your wife, John?" Some members of the public made racist comments about Ono, or called her ugly.

Ono's new presence in Lennon's life even drove a wedge between him and McCartney. When the couple stayed at McCartney's house, McCartney left Lennon a note that insulted Ono greatly. He admitted later it had only been a joke, but Lennon felt like he no longer even knew McCartney, if he could make such an insult.

Neither Lennon nor Ono could believe the way they were treated by the public, by people who worked for the Beatles, and even by Lennon's friends. They felt hurt and hated. A friend suggested they try heroin, to relieve the pain they felt. Before long, the two were addicted to the drug. It caused problems with their health, and with how they acted in public.

Recording the "White Album" took much longer than the Beatles normally spent on an album. Their label, Apple Records, was expected to make a big debut over the summer, while the album would not be ready until at least that fall. In the meantime, they recorded songs for a single, as their part of the debut. Paul McCartney visited Cynthia and Julian, at their new home. He knew they were hurt by Lennon's leaving Cynthia for Yoko Ono, and he made up a song for Julian on the way, to cheer him up. Its words went "Hey Jules, it's not so bad. Take a sad song, and make it better." This turned into "Hey Jude", which became the Beatles's biggest hit single ever, and one of the first pop songs to last longer than three minutes.

The B-side of "Hey Jude" was "Revolution", a song by Lennon in reaction to the Soviet Union's action against student protests in Czechoslovakia, the ongoing war in Vietnam, and calls around the world for a revolution against the status quo. He hoped the band's first recording of the song would become their next single, but it was rejected as too slow and too long. He re-recorded the song, faster this time, lying on the studio floor to give the vocals more "punch". "Hey Jude" was seen as a bigger potential hit though, so "Revolution" became the B-side. The Beatles performed both songs live for an audience, and the performances appeared on "The David Frost Show" in England, and "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour" in America.

The songs appearing on the "White Album" included "Back In The USSR", McCartney's parody of songs by The Beach Boys and Chuck Berry. (Mike Love of the Beach Boys attended the Maharishi's course in India, at the same time as the Beatles.) McCartney normally played bass guitar, and Lennon rhythm guitar, on Beatles recordings, but this time McCartney played drums, with Lennon switching to bass guitar for the song.

"Dear Prudence" was about Mia Farrow's sister Prudence, who was also at the ashram in India. She spent long stretches of time meditating, and almost never came outside. Lennon wrote the song hoping to bring her out, to spend time with everyone. The guitar style he used on the song (and many songs afterwards) was the "clawhammer", a fingerpicking technique he learned from Donovan, another musician who went to India with them.

"Glass Onion" referenced recent songs and events in the Beatles's lives, and gave a false clue: "The Walrus was Paul". Lennon said later he'd given the line as a joke, and as a way to "say hi to Paul" McCartney. "The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill" was about another of the Maharishi's students, who left the ashram to hunt tigers, then returned to meditate. "Julia" was about Lennon's mother, who had died ten years earlier, with images of Yoko Ono, whose name means "Ocean Child" in English.

"Sexy Sadie" was about Lennon's disappointment with the Maharishi: "You made a fool of everyone." He changed "Maharishi" to "Sexy Sadie", in case the Maharishi really could use some kind of spiritual power (or start a lawsuit) against him, but later confessed to "Rolling Stone" magazine who the song was about.

"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da" was a retro song by McCartney. His songs on the album varied from old-fashioned to hard rock, such as "Helter Skelter", which was about a fairground ride. He also used fingerpicking styles on acoustic guitar, and his songs "Blackbird" and "Mother Nature's Son" included nature themes.

"While My Guitar Gently Weeps" showed Harrison's growth as a songwriter, and featured a guitar solo by Eric Clapton. It was the first time a guitar solo was played by a non-Beatle on a Beatles record. "Long Long Long" was about Harrison's rediscovery of God and spirituality as he became older. "Savoy Truffle" was about a box of Good News chocolate candies, which Clapton loved, but were harming his teeth.

Ringo Starr had tinkered with writing songs, but most were just variations on songs written by other people. "Don't Pass Me By" was one of his first efforts, from years earlier, and one of his first to sound original. He went on to write many other songs, in the years after the Beatles. Most were written with a partner, Vini Poncia.

The strangest recording included on the album was "Revolution 9", an avant-garde "picture of a revolution as it happens", as Lennon described later. George Harrison helped with ideas and narration. McCartney and George Martin did not want the track included on the album, but Lennon insisted it be used.

When the recordings were ready to be mastered, Lennon and McCartney spent forty-eight hours at Abbey Road Studios, working out the running order for the songs on the album. They took stimulant drugs to help them get through the marathon session. The band had done photo sessions during the year, but could not agree on any photos to use for the cover. They decided to go with a plain white cover, which had never been done before. They and their helpers made a collage of different photos, which was included as a poster with the album. Portrait photos of each member were also taken. Black-and-white prints appeared next to the song titles on the inner jacket, and colour prints were included with the poster. They did not appear together in the pictures, and this was taken later as a sign that the band was growing apart.

The album was completed, and scheduled to be released during November 1968. Coming out at nearly the same time were two "solo albums" by Lennon and Harrison, and this caused some problems. Harrison's was "Wonderwall Music", a soundtrack album to the movie "Wonderwall" by director Joe Massot. Harrison had recorded parts of the album in India, and parts in England. The only other Beatle involved with the album was Ringo Starr, who played drums on a few songs, and attended the movie's premiere with Harrison.

Lennon's album with Ono was "Two Virgins", edited down from the recording he made with Yoko Ono the first night they were together. The cover was a pair of nude photos of the couple, and it caused a lot of controversy. EMI was willing to master and press the album, but refused to print the cover or distribute any copies. Apple Records arranged for Track Records, a label owned by The Who, to issue "Two Virgins". The album was sold in a "plain brown wrapper" like pornography, and was not a hit. Only a few copies were pressed in Britain, and more copies were impounded in America than were sold. Many people thought Lennon was trying to destroy his own public image, releasing such an album. In a way they were right. He felt that the album was an honest statement of who he "really was", appearing naked with the woman he loved.

Problems aside, "The Beatles" sold well, and was another hit for the band. The Beatles held a release party, and gave early copies of the album to people who attended. (Peter Shotton, an old friend of Lennon's who worked for Apple, was given the eighth copy pressed, as he remembered later in his memoir.) Older people liked McCartney's traditional-sounding songs. Younger listeners liked the rock and acoustic songs on the album. Many people noticed Harrison and Starr's growth as songwriters, and that Harrison's voice sounded freer, smoother, and more confident than on earlier records.

Charles Manson, an American would-be musician with a small group of followers, heard the album in California, and thought the songs "Blackbird" and "Helter Skelter" were calls for a racial war, between African-American (black) and Caucasian (white) people. His beliefs resulted in a series of murders in Los Angeles during 1969, as he ordered members of his "Manson Family" to try to spark such a war, by committing hate crimes. Later during his trial, his lawyers tried to get John Lennon (staying in California at the time) or George Harrison to testify, but this never happened. Manson and four Family members were convicted of multiple murder. They were sentenced to be executed, but when the US Supreme Court overturned the death penalty, their sentences were changed to life imprisonment. None have ever been paroled.

During 1969, Allen Klein began to work for the Beatles, and for Apple Corps. He re-read the Beatles's recording contract, and pointed out that even after the band turned in their seventy new recordings to EMI, they were still under contract with them until 1976, and could not go to any other record company until then. The fact that they were so close to meeting the requirement, though, made it possible for him to re-negotiate their contract, and get them higher royalty payments.

The personal problems that had begun to show while the Beatles were making the "White Album" continued over the next year, as did problems with Apple Corps. McCartney stopped using cocaine, while Lennon and Ono tried to stop using heroin, but this did not help mend feelings between the Beatles. They finished two more albums, "Let It Be" and "Abbey Road", but the band broke apart soon afterwards, with Paul McCartney announcing in 1970 that he was starting a solo career.

In time, budget cutbacks resulted in the album's cover no longer being die-stamped (the title was printed instead) or numbered, but when it was re-issued on compact disc, early copies were again given serial numbers.

Albert Fert

Albert Fert (born 7 March 1938) is a French physicist. He discovered giant magnetoresistance which was used to make gigabyte hard disks much easier to build. He is a professor at Université Paris-Sud in Orsay and scientific director of a laboratory called Unité mixte de recherche. The laboratory is part of the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (National Scientific Research Centre) and Thales Group. He was awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physics together with the German physicist Peter Grünberg.

Fert graduated in 1962 from the École Normale Supérieure in Paris. He received his master's degree in 1963 at the University of Paris, and earned his PhD in 1970 at the Université Paris-Sud.

In 1988 Fert discovered Giant magnetoresistance (GMR) in iron and chromium which began spintronics; GMR was also discovered by Peter Grünberg from the Jülich Research Centre but Peter Grünberg did not work with Fert. Since 1988, Albert Fert has helped to improve spintronics.




Peter Grünberg

Peter Andreas Grünberg (18 May 1939 – 7 April 2018) was a German physicist.

He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physics for discovering giant magnetoresistance. This made gigabyte hard disk drives easier to make. Half of the prize was given to Albert Fert. Fert discovered giant magnetoresistance at the same time. But, Fert and Grünberg did not work together.

Grünberg was born in Pilsen, Bohemia. When he was born, Pilsen was controlled by Nazi Germany. They called the country the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia. It is known now as the Czech Republic. Grünberg's father was named Fjodor Grinberg. He changed his name to Fjodor Grünberg in 1941.

The rest of the Grünberg family stayed for some time in the Petermann house in Untersekerschan. After World War II, the Czech government forced all people living in Pilsen that spoke German to leave the country. This was called the Beneš decrees. He moved with his mother (who died in 2002, aged 74) and sister to Lauterbach, Hesse. He studied at a gymnasium (second level school) there.

Grünberg received a diploma in 1962 from the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University. Then he studied at the Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany. He got his diploma in physics in 1966 and his Ph.D. in 1969 there. From 1969-1972, he studied at Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada. Later, he joined the Institute for Solid State Physics at the Jülich Research Centre. He was a leading researcher of magnetism until he retired in 2004.

Grünberg made important discoveries with ferrite (iron) and magnetism, such as the Giant magnetoresistive effect (GMR) in 1988. GMR has been used in many modern hard drives. Another use of the GMR effect is in magnetic random access memory.

Apart from the Nobel Prize, Grünberg has been awarded with shared prizes in the APS International Prize for New Materials, the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics Magnetism Award, the Hewlett-Packard Europhysics Prize, the Wolf Prize in Physics in and the 2007 Japan Prize. He won the German Future Prize for Technology and Innovation in 1998. He was named the European Inventor of the Year in the category "Universities and research institutions" by the European Patent Office and European Commission in 2006.

Grünberg died on 7 April 2018 in Jülich, Germany at the age of 78.


Easter eggplant

Easter eggplant is a plant of the nightshade family, related to aubergine (="S.melongena"). The stem and leafstalks are green, or very faintly tinged with purple, and bear a few white spines. Leaves are wavy at the edges. Flowers are lilac, it is recognized by its oblong fruit, also grown as an ornamental plant, for covering walls or trellises.


Sienna Guillory

Sienna Tiggy Guillory (said like "Gil-ir-ee" (IPA: [ˈɡɪlɜːɪ])) (born 16 March 1975) is an English actress and she used to be a model. She is famous for acting as Jill Valentine in "Resident Evil: Apocalypse" and as Elf Arya Drottningu in "Eragon".

She is daughter of Isaac Guillory, an Anglo-Cuban folk guitarist, and his first wife, Tina. Guillory has acted in many British movies, and later in American movies. Not long ago, she acted in a number of science-fiction and fantasy movies written for teenagers.

While working on the 1996 movie "The Future Lasts A Long Time", Guillory met English actor Nick Moran, and she was married to Moran from July 1997 until 2000. Later, she married Enzo Cilenti, in 2002, and Guillory wore her grandmother's wedding gown. In 2007, they moved to Los Angeles, California, USA.

Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s

Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s is a video game for the PlayStation 2 consoles. It is part of the "Guitar Hero" series of games. It was released on July 24, 2007 in the United States and in the European Union and on August 1 2007 in Australia. The game features songs and music from the 1980s. The game features artists such as Quiet Riot, Ratt, Poison and Iron Maiden.

Super Mario Bros. 2

Super Mario Bros. 2 is the second game of the "Mario" series. It is the name of two different games. In Japan, the game was created by Nintendo. Shigeru Miyamoto thought that the original "" was too hard for Americans, and decided to remake a Japanese game called "", and replaced the old characters with the "Mario" characters Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, and Toad. The game was much different from other "Mario" games because of this.

This game features four characters: Toad, Luigi, Mario, and Princess Peach. Each one has different characteristics. Luigi can jump higher than the other characters, Peach can stay afloat for a few seconds longer than the others when jumping, Toad can pull items out of the ground quicker whilst Mario has generic all-round abilities. The player can pick the character at the start of each level.

Unlike the regular "Mario" games, Mario and his friends have vegetables and can pick up some enemies and throw them.

Sierra Mist

Sierra Mist was a lemon lime soft drink similar to 7 Up and Sprite. It was made by the Pepsi Company from 1999 to 2023. Their rival soft drink is Sprite which is made by The Coca-Cola Company.

Sierra Mist comes in many flavors such as:


Mario Kart: Double Dash!!

Mario Kart: Double Dash!! is a racing game made by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development and released for the Nintendo GameCube in 2003. It is the fourth "Mario Kart" game.

New things were added in this game. Nine characters returned, while 11 new characters appeared. A special item for each character has also been added. Lots of people liked "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!" Its score on Metacritic was 87 out of 100. People liked the looks and the new characters, modes etc., but people did not like the character's voices. Lots of people liked this game. 3.8 million "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!" CDs were sold in the United States, and more than 802,000 "Double Dash!!" CDs were sold in Japan.

"Double Dash!!" is different to the other "Mario Kart" games. You can now use two characters at a time. One drives and the other one uses items. You can not put an item at the back of the kart as a shield against shells, so you will have to quickly move away from them instead. This is the first game where the characters lose their items when they get hit. Players can also steal items from other characters. If a character makes blue sparks, they get a small boost (called a mini-turbo). 

Up to four people can go against each other in this game. As well as the other games, the race tracks have lots of twists and turns and things to try to drive away from. There are some mini-games in "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!" "Double Dash!!" lets 16 people play against each other if one of them has a special type of cable.

There are twenty playable characters. Eleven of them were new to the series. Characters have their own items/special abilities. The characters speed, acceleration etc. depends on the weight. There are 16 race tracks. There is also a "150cc Mirror Cup". In Mirror Cup mode, you are still playing the normal game but looks like you are looking into a mirror and playing "Mario Kart" (minus your own face).

"Double Dash!!" was first shown in 2001. People saw Mario and Luigi driving their karts on a flat floor for seven seconds. It was being made and was basically "Mario Kart" at the time. In April 2003, Nintendo showed pictures of the game and said that the game would be called ""Mario Kart: Double Dash!!"". In 2003, some people were able to play a demo of the game (not all characters and tracks were in it). New things, like having two characters drive one kart, had been added. A new demo with some new things was shown at the Games Convention in August 2003. In September, Nintendo showed people a nearly complete and more sped up version of "Double Dash!!". The Gamers' Summit said that the game would be out in North America on the 17th of November, 2003.

The guys who made the game struggled to come up with new stuff the fans would like. Kiyoshi Mizuki, the main director, had a hard time with how to hook new fans into the game; he decided to make it as simple as possible. Producer Shigeru Miyamoto gave the staff some pointers about stuff to put in the game the best they could. He let them pick out how they wanted to do the graphics.

The staff wanted to let people play online but the technology was not good enough for that yet. They also wanted to do something with a Game Boy Advance connection for this game, but they decided "Double Dash!!" did not fit anything like that. They wanted to make sure the really good players and the not-so-good players were all able to have fun with this game, so they took out things like not slipping when you hit a banana.

The game music was made by Shinobu Tanaka and Kenta Nagata. A lot of the main "Mario" voice actors came back for this game, like Charles Martinet as Mario, Luigi, Wario, Waluigi, Baby Mario, and Baby Luigi; Jen Taylor as Princess Peach, Toad, Toadette, and Birdo; Deanna Mustard as Princess Daisy; Kazumi Totaka as Yoshi; Scott Burns as Bowser; and Dolores Rogers as Bowser Jr.






Most people liked "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!", and it sold a lot. This game got the "Multiplayer Game" award from ITV's "Game Stars" in 2004. It's sold about 4.67 million times around the world, 3.8 million in the United States, and over 802,000 in Japan. The NPD Group says "Double Dash!!" was the best-selling game of November 2003. It's also the third best-selling GameCube game in Australia. In October 2006, the NPD Group said this game sold seventh best for the GameCube in the United States.


Khan

Khan should not be confused with Kahn, which is a German surname.

Khan may mean:

In fiction:

In music:

Khan may also be:

Khan (title)

Khan means "ruler" or "commander" in Turkic and Mongolic Languages.

It may be from an Altaic language, probably a Mongolic language like Ruanruan.

Presently, khans exist mostly in South Asia, Central Asia and Iran. 

A female khan is called a Khatun or Khanum.

Khagan means 'Khan of Khans' but is often (incorrectly) 'shortened' to Khan. This is similar to how the Persian "Shahanshah," 'King of Kings', is usually simply called the Shah. Genghis was also called the 'Great Khan' like how Ottoman Padishah was called the 'Great Sultan'.

Khans rule over Khanates. Khagans rule over Khaganates.

Khan , Khan is a popular South Asian last name (e.g. Salman Khan).

Khan now has many equivalent meanings such as commander, leader, or ruler. It is sometimes translated as king or prince (but Khan is a bit different). Originally Khans led small tribes.

There have been several variations on the title used in modern times. "Khan Bahadur" or "Khan Sahib" was a title of honour, granted by India to Muslims who had done major deeds of valour, or service to the nation or government. The Hindu counterpart for this title was "Rai Bahadur" or "Rai Sahib". This title was normally granted in addition to other awards and decorations and added either before or after a person's actual name as a prefix or suffix.

It was used by the Mongols in their Mongol Empire.

The title "Khan" became well known when Mongol Temüjin conquered most of Eurasia and formed the Mongol Empire. It was the greatest land empire the world ever saw. 

He is often called Genghis Khan. But his real title was khagan. 

The Mongol empire branched into the Ilkhanate of Persia and the Chagatai Khaganate of Central Asia.



Crime in Russia

Crime in Russia has many different types. Organized crimes include drug trafficking, money laundering, human trafficking, extortion, murder for hire, and fraud. Many criminal operations take part in corruption, black marketeering, terrorism and abduction. Other forms of crime done by criminal groups are arms trafficking, export of contraband oil and metals, and smuggling of radioactive materials. Crime rate in Russia sharply increased since the late 1980s. The fall of communism in Eastern Europe had tremendous influence on the political economy of organized crime. Approximately 8,000 criminal groups are in the country. Almost 50% of the nation's economy is connected to organized crime.

Drug trafficking and illegal drug use is a big problem in the nation. The disintegration of the Soviet Union, the civil war in Afghanistan, the civil war in Tajikistan, and the conflicts in the North Caucasus have made the favorable conditions for the development of illegal drug trade. But measures have been taken to fight drug trafficking. Russia is a party of the 1988 United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances. In March 2003, Russian President Vladimir Putin established the Russian State Committee for Control over the 
Illegal Trafficking of Narcotics and Psychotropic Substances for combating drug trafficking with more coordinated manner.

Russia is a supply, transit, and destination country for men, women, and children being trafficked for various purposes. The trafficking is multidimensional and it involves both commercial sexual exploitation and labor exploitation. Russia is a significant source of women trafficked to over 50 nations. Internal trafficking is a problem in the country; women are trafficked from rural areas to urban settlements for commercial sexual exploitation. Men are trafficked internally and from Central Asia for forced labor in the construction and agricultural industries. Debt bondage is common among the trafficking victims. Arms trafficking has become a significant problem in Russia following the disintegration of the Soviet Union.

Arms trafficking in Russia stemmed from corruption in the armed forces and the illegal sale of military equipments. In 2000, the number of seized unregistered firearms was 300,000, which was a 37% increase compared with 1999. Many Russian criminal organizations, aside from arms trafficking in Russia, provide weapons to the terrorist groups in Chechnya. Poaching was rare in the Soviet Union,

Poaching is now a major problem in the country. The main cause for poaching in Russia is the consequence of the social and political changes since the collapse of the Soviet Union. State-controlled farms stopped functioning due to the fall of the previous system resulting in high unemployment. Unemployment, poverty, inflation, shortage of food and demand for foreign currency have major impact on the wildlife in the country. Animals being poached are bear, musk deer, tiger etc. Approximately 50,000 cases of poaching are registered annually in Russia.
Between 1992 and 1996, law enforcement agencies in Russia mainly focused on drug trafficking, arms trafficking, money laundering and 
the First Chechen War, and environmental crimes like poaching and illegal timber smuggling were generally not treated as national security issues. During the post-perestroika transition, the government agencies for environment and wildlife protection experienced severe budget cuts which led to layoffs and salary reductions for wildlife rangers in places like Primorski Krai and it reduced the resources of the rangers to fight against the poachers. There has been an increasing demand for bear parts, especially bile, and it led to an increase in poaching of bears in the Russian Federation. The collapse of communism in the country had significant influence on the average Russian's economic ability to maintain his or her family. There are a large population of bears in Russia, and Russia's trade in bear parts is primarily with nearby Asian countries like South Korea and the People's Republic of China. Because of these poaching of bears become easy for Russians. Poaching of the snow leopard is a serious problem in Russia along with Afghanistan, India, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, People’s Republic of China, Russia, Tajikstan and Uzbekistan.

The murder rate in Russia has become three times as big between 1988 and 1994 and is now among the highest in the world. In 1998, a total of 24,537,600 crimes happened in United States, while in Russia a total of 2,581,940 crimes were recorded. In 1999, the number was 23,677,800 and 3,001,748 respectively. Total recorded rapes in the United States was 93,140 and 89,110 for the years 1998 and 1999, while this number was 7,724 and 7,314 respectively for Russia. 
Following is a comparison of various crimes per 1000 people from 1998 to 2000:


Crime in India

Crime in India is very common and happens in many different ways. Along with violent crimes (like homicide, robbery, and assault), and property crimes (like burglary, theft, motor vehicle theft, and arson), there are major problems with organized crime, the illegal drug trade, arms trafficking, corruption, and many other forms of crime. The most common types of crimes in India are listed below.

Organized crime is planned and done by groups of people. Their goals are to gain power and make money in Illegal ways. Common organized crimes in India include:
Many criminal organizations also commit these crimes:

India is located between the Golden Crescent (made of Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Iran) and the Golden Triangle (made of Myanmar, Thailand, and Laos). The Golden Crescent and the Golden Triangle are the two biggest makers of opium in Asia. Their opium-making is secret and illegal. Because of India's location, a lot of this illegal opium is trafficked (snuck illegally) through India's borders.

India is the world's largest maker of legal opium. But its opium gets diverted (taken away by drug traffickers) to other countries where opium and heroin are illegal.

India is a common starting point for drug traffickers who take heroin on ships from Afghanistan and Pakistan, and from Myanmar, Laos, and Thailand. The heroin is then smuggled from Pakistan and Myanmar, with some heroin also shipped through Nepal. Most heroin shipped from India goes to Europe. There have been reports of heroin smuggled from Mumbai to Nigeria to get the drugs to more countries.

In Maharashtra, Mumbai is an important centre where people sell heroin. The most commonly used drug in Mumbai is "Indian heroin" (called "desi mal" by the local population). Both public transportation (road and rail transportation) and private transportation are used for this drug trade.

The Government of India has tried a few ways of fighting drug trafficking in the country. India is a party to (meaning it signed onto and agreed to follow):

According to a report published together by Oxfam, Amnesty International, and the International Action Network on Small Arms in 2006, there are around 40 million illegal small arms in India. This would mean that India had over half of the small arms in the entire world (the world had 75 million, according to the report).

Most of the illegal small arms end up in the states of Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Orissa and Madhya Pradesh. In India, a used AK-47 costs $3,800 on the illegal black market. But a large amount of illegal small arms are made in illegal arms factories in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, and sold on the black market for as little as $5.08.

Chinese pistols are in demand in the illegal small arms market in India because they are easy to get and cheaper. This creates a major problem for the states of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Orissa, Maharashtra, West Bengal, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. These states are affected by Naxalism. Naxalites are groups of Communist guerrilla fighters in India. Many Chinese pistols, AK-47s, and M-16 rifles are smuggled into India through the border between India and Nepal. These weapons are then used by the Naxalites, who have ties to Maoists in Nepal.

Illegal wildlife trade in India has increased. There are laws against killing some animals, taking rare plants, and smuggling them into other countries. But a report published by the Environmental Investigation Agency in 2004 said that more traders of wildlife skins go to India than any other country. Between 1994 and 2003, there were 784 cases where the skins of tigers, leopards, or otters have been seized (taken away from illegal traders by police). Also between 1994 and 2003, police seized 698 otters who had been poached (illegally taken or killed).

Poaching of elephants is a big problem in Southern India and in the North-Eastern states of Nagaland and Mizoram. Most tiger poaching happens in Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Orissa, West Bengal, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.

Once they are poached, leopards, rhinoceros, reptiles, birds, insects, and rare species of plants are smuggled into the countries in Southeast Asia and the People's Republic of China. Often, poachers bring illegal animal skins from India to Kathmandu, the capital city of Nepal, ion the way to Tibet and China. In its report in 2004, the Environmental Investigation Agency said that there was not enough cooperation between India, Nepal, and the People's Republic of China. Because these countries were not cooperating, they could not work together to enforce anti-poaching laws and were not interested enough in fighting wildlife crime together.

On April 1, 1973, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi launched Project Tiger, which was first started in 1972. Project Tiger was a wildlife conservation project - a project that tried to protect wildlife from being poached. Project Tiger created 23 tiger reserves (protected areas for tigers), said they had been successful since the number of tigers in India had increased. But critics like conservationist Billy Arjan Singh said that tigers had only moved to India from Nepal because their habitat in Nepal had been destroyed - not because of wildlife policy in India.

Cyber crime - crimes done by computer - are very, very common in India. Examples of cyber crime include: 
India has tried many things to decrease cybercrime. The Information Technology Act 2000 was passed by the Parliament of India in May 2000. Its goal was to decrease cyber crimes and start setting up laws to allow e-commerce. However, Pavan Duggan, a lawyer with the Supreme Court of India and cyber law expert, complained that the IT act focused too much on promoting e-commerce and not enough on dealing with cybercrimes. Cybercrime cells have been set up in major cities. But Duggal said the problem is that most cases are never reported because people do not know their rights under Indian law.

In 2001, India and United States joined together in an Indian-US cyber security forum as part of a counter-terrorism dialogue. In 2006, India and the US agreed to have their law enforcement agencies work together more in fighting cybercrimes. They saw this as an important part of counter-terrorism efforts.

In 2006, U.S. President George W. Bush and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met to discuss cyber security. Afterward, they held a press conference together. They said that because cyber security and cyber forensic research (like finding evidence in computers) are so important, India and the United States were also talking about a draft protocol on cyber security.

Corruption is very common in India. It is common in every section and every level of Indian society. Corruption has also become a big part of Indian politics. In India, corruption takes many forms, including:
India has state laws that make it illegal for police to torture people. But these laws are not often obeyed. Torture is often used when people are arrested or jailed by the police. This torture is a major cause of deaths in police custody. The police often torture innocent people until they 'confess' (they say they did the crime). This false confession is then used to save important, rich people who have actually committed crimes. One major problem that keeps police violence possible is a lack of accountability (meaning no one gets in trouble if they torture a person), according to G.P. Joshi. Joshi runs the Indian branch of the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative in New Delhi.

In 2006, the Supreme Court of India decided a case called "Prakash Singh vs. Union of India". In its decision, the Court ordered central and state governments to begin police reform. The Court had two goals with its decision. The first was to give tenure to police officers, and to make it simpler for police officers to get hired or transfer to a different area. The second was to increase police accountability.

Criminals visit markets and other places that are popular with tourists, with the goal of committing crimes against foreigners (people from other countries). Westerners have become victims of robbery, rape, and other violent attacks. Because foreigners often have more money than most people in India, they are often criminals' favorite target for robbery and other serious crimes. In April 1999, a group of Indians made friends with Swaraj Damree, a tourist from Mauritius. The group kidnapped Damree and held him captive for 25 days. They robbed him of cash worth $1,500 in U.S. dollars, and stole his traveller's cheques, wrist watch, gold chain, bracelet, two bags and suitcase. In 2000, two German tourists were shot in Himachal Pradesh. A few weeks later, two Spanish tourists were killed by robbers in the same state. Many foreign tourists are victims of violent crime in Kolkata. In September 2006, criminals robbed the wallet of a British woman in Kolkata. The same month, a Japanese tourist was robbed on his way to Sudder Street. In October 2006, a foreigner was robbed during the day on Park Street.

Petty crime, like stealing people's wallets and bags, is common in India. Stealing valuable things from foreigners' luggage on trains and buses is also common. People traveling alone are especially likely to have their things stolen by pickpockets and purse snatchers, who usually work in crowded areas.

In India, stealing tourists' passports from their luggage on trains and buses is very common. Theft of U.S. passports happens often, especially in major tourist areas.

Criminals run many scams against tourists, especially in Jaipur, the capital of Rajasthan. The criminals usually pick younger tourists to try to scam. They tell the tourists that they can make a lot of money if they move gems or gold, or if they take expensive carpets back home in their luggage to avoid customs duties.

If a tourist agrees, the scam continues for a few days. Then a new scam artist offers to show the tourist interesting places in the area. The scammers also offer cheap places to stay and meals to the tourist. They do this so that the tourist ends up being with the scam artist all the time. The scam artist is then threatened and maybe hurt, until he gives up his passport to the scammers.

In 2006, an American became a victim of a scam at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Mumbai. She lost $77 U.S. dollars.

Taxi drivers also run scams in India. These scams are run on tourists who do not know their way around India or Indian airports. Some taxi drivers will drive tourists around the whole airport, so they can charge a lot of money for the ride when the part of the airport that the tourist wants to go to was actually very close by. In a report, the Overseas Security Advisory Council talked about taxi scams and how to avoid them.

There have been more and more rapes of tourists at popular tourist spots. In March 2006, Biti Mohanty, the son of a senior police official in Orissa, raped a German tourist in Alwar, Rajasthan. The next month, a Japanese woman was raped in Pushkar, Rajasthan. In June 2007, a South Korean tourist was raped near Manali. In September 2007, two Japanese women were gang-raped in Agra, a popular tourist spot in India where the Taj Mahal is located.

The Indian state of Rajasthan is a popular place among foreign tourists. One out of every three tourists that go to India visit this state. Rajasthan has been rattled by rape cases of foreign tourists. The Indian Bureau of Consular Affairs has warned women from the United States not to travel alone in India.

A report published by the National Crime Records Bureau compared crime rates from 1953 to 2006. The report found that: 

In 2006, 51,02,460 cognizable crimes were committed. In India, cognizable crimes are serious crimes, where a police officer could make an arrest without needing a warrant first. Examples of cognizable crimes include rape, murder, and theft. Among the cognizable crimes committed in 2006, there were 18,78,293 Indian Penal Code (IPC) crimes and 32,24,167 Special & Local Laws (SLL) crimes. The IPC crime rate in 2006 was 167.7 compared to 165.3 in 2005, showing an increase of 1.5% in 2006 over 2005. SLL crime rate in 2006 was 287.9 compared to 290.5 in 2005, showing a decrease of 0.9% in 2006 over 2005.

SOURCE: National Crime Records Bureau

Different places in India have different amounts and types of crime. For example:


Birthmark

A birthmark is a mark on skin that some people are born with. nevus|congenital melanocytic nevi, and port-wine stains.

A birthmark was once thought of as the mark of the devil, and today it is often considered a birth defect. In some cases this mark is considered to be the mark of God applied to his chosen few

Pskov

Pskov (, ancient Russian spelling Пльсковъ ("Pleskov")) is an old city in the northwest of Russia. It is the administrative center of Pskov Oblast. It is about east of the Estonian border, on the Velikaya River.

There was Pskov feudal republic depended of Novgorod.

Pskov is twinned with the following cities: 


Perth, Scotland

Perth () is a city and the main part of the Perth and Kinross council area in Scotland, with around 43,450 people living there. The town was a large burgh before 1975.

Perth is named by some people as "The Fair City", Its status in the United Kingdom was not a city a city until 2012. Then, with Chelmsford (in Essex, England) and St Asaph (in north Wales), it was given city status to mark Queen Elizabeth II's 60 years on the throne.
Scotland's other six cities are Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Dundee, Stirling and Inverness.

Perth also has its own football team, St. Johnstone F.C.. This plays in the Scottish Premiership.


Nevermore

Nevermore is an American metal band from Seattle, Washington. Their style of metal is a mixture of many different types like progressive metal, thrash metal, and power metal. They formed in 1991. The members right now are: Warrel Dane (vocals), Jeff Loomis (guitar), Jim Sheppard (bass), Van Williams (drums).

Machine Head

Machine Head is a metal band from Oakland in California. They play a mixture of thrash metal and groove metal. The band members right now are: Robb Flynn (guitars, vocals), Jared MacEachern (bass), Wacław Kiełtyka (lead guitar) and Matt Alston (drums).




Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society

The Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society is a science research group in Dahlem, Berlin, Germany. 

The original was called Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physical Chemistry and Electrochemistry, and it was founded in 1911. That became part of the Max Planck Society and took the name of the first director, Fritz Haber, in 1953.

The Institute has researched many kinds of physics including chemical kinetics and reaction dynamics, colloid chemistry, atomic physics, spectroscopy, surface chemistry and surface physics, chemical physics and molecular physics, theoretical chemistry, and materials science.

During World War I and World War II, the Institute did much war work for Germany's military.

Some of the most important members in the Institutes past are: Herbert Freundlich, Paul Friedlander, Rudolf Ladenburg, Michael Polanyi, Ladislaus Farkas, Hartmut Kallmann, Robert Havemann, Karl Friedrich Bonhoeffer, Rudolf Brill, Kurt Moliere, Jochen Block, Heinz Gerischer, Rolf Hosemann, Kurt Überreiter, and Alex Bradshaw.

Nobel Prize winners involved with the Institute include Max von Laue (1914), Fritz Haber (1918), James Franck (1925), Otto Hahn (1944), Eugene Wigner (1963), Ernst Ruska (1986), Gerhard Ertl (2007).


Microformat

A Microformat is an attempt to re-use existing content in HTML and XML documents. Such content may be information on how to contact someone, or it may be geographical coordinates, for example. This information can then be processed by software more easily.

Technically, this kind of information is already there. A microformat aims at making this information accessible more easily. That way, tags might be added to flag the information. 

In this example, the contact information is presented as follows:

With hCard microformat markup, that becomes:

Here, the formatted name ("fn"), organisation ("org"), telephone number ("tel") and web address ("url") have been identified using specific class names and the whole thing is wrapped in codice_1, which indicates that the other classes form an hCard (short for "HTML vCard") and are not merely coincidentally named. Other, optional, hCard classes also exist. It is now possible for software, such as browser plug-ins, to extract the information, and transfer it to other applications, such as an address book.

VCard

vCard is a standard document format for electronic business cards. Very often, vCards are attached to E-Mail messages, but they can also be exchanged in other ways. There are also extensions to it, known as vCalendar or iCalendar. hCard is a broader format to do the same thing.

British War Medal

The British War Medal was a medal given to people who had fought in the First World War. The medal was originally meant to be for people who had fought in the war between 5th August 1914 and 11th November 1918, but this was later changed to the years between 1914 and 1920. This was because a lot of people still lost their lives in the armed forces even after the war had ended, because they were clearing landmines or mines at sea.

The British War Medal (often shortened to BWM) was awarded to both officers and men of the Royal Marines, Royal Navy, the Army and also the Dominion and Colonial Forces. The Dominion and Colonial Forces were the armed forces for the rest of the British Empire. To qualify for (be allowed to have) the medal, a member of the fighting forces had to have left his native country in any part of the British Empire whilst on military duty.

There were over six and a half million British War Medals given out. Most of them are made of silver, but some rarer ones are made of bronze instead. They are all circular, and have different designs on each side. Each side of a medal is called a "face". The face that usually has a picture of the side view of a person's head on it is called the "obverse", and the other side of the medal is called the "reverse". The picture of the person's head is more commonly known as a "bust", which is a type of statue that only shows the head, neck and tops of the shoulders of the person it is meant to be.

The "obverse" side of the medal shows a bust of King George V (V is a Roman numeral. Here it means 'the fifth'). The picture shows him facing left. There is also lettering around the picture of the King, which reads 'GEORGIVS V BRITT : OMN : REX ET IND : IMP :'. The 'V' in 'GEORGIVS' is actually read as a 'U'. The whole message is abbreviated, or shortened, and is supposed to read 'Georgius V Britanniarum Omnium; Rex Et Indiae; Imperator'. The message is written in Latin, but in English it says 'George 5th of all the Britons (British people); King of India; Emperor'.

The "reverse" side of the medal shows a man riding on a rearing horse. The man shown is Saint George, the patron saint of England. He is shown naked, and is holding a short sword. This was supposed to symbolise the mental and physical strength that was needed to win the First World War. The horse is trampling a shield that showns the emblem of Prussia and the Central Powers, which were the enemies the British and other Allies were fighting during World War One (the First World War). The horse is also trampling on a skull and cross-bones, and the rising sun, known as the Victory Sun can be seen by St. George's head. The dates '1914' and '1918' are on the left and right sides of his head.

The name of the soldier whose medal it was had his name, regiment and armed forces identification number put around the rim (edge) of the medal. The medal also came with a ribbon made of silk. It had a thick line of golden-yellow down the middle of it, with stripes on either side of it that were white, then black, then Royal blue on the outside edges of the ribbon.


Michel Fourniret

Michel Fourniret (4 April 1942 in Sedan – 10 May 2021 in Paris) was a French criminal. He was convicted of voyeurism and other crimes in 1986.

He abducted and raped 14 year old Daphne Le Gennan. He was convicted to serve 7 years in prison. He was released on bail shortly after the process, because he had already served most of this time in custody. Shortly thereafter, he committed his first murder. He murdered the 17 year old Isabelle Laville. He then moved to Belgium and led a normal life. He was responsible for a canteen at a school in Gedine.

On July 26, 2003, he tried to abduct a 13 year old girl named Marie-Ascension. The girl escaped by leaping out of his car. Fourniret was arrested in Belgium in the same year. Belgian police had grown suspicious earlier though; in April 2001, a woman said she had been chased and harassed in southern Belgium. She gave a description that matched Fourniret, and also cited the license plate of his car. Only 3 weeks later, a thirteen-year old girl named Mananya Thumpong vanished in Sedan. Since then, Fourniret has confessed he killed her.

On July 1, 2004, Fourniret's wife, Monique Olivier, confessed. According to her account, Michel Fourniret had killed ten people. She said she had helped him with the abductions. She had also watched him rape his victims. The day after her confession, Michel said he had indeed killed eight people. Later he confessed to killing his ninth victim. Today, people believe he might have killed many more. He is currently detained in Belgium. His trial began on March 27, 2008. He is sometimes referred to as the "Ogre of the Ardennes".

His wife Monique denounced him following the conviction of Michelle Martin, wife of convicted child murderer Marc Dutroux, for helping him with the crimes. Fourniret has been charged with the abduction of minors and sexual misconduct, and has been in detention since June 2003 for the attempted kidnapping of a 14-year-old girl in 2000. Monique has been charged with one murder and for helping him with six others.


Fourniret's wife has also said that he killed a 16-year-old girl who had worked as an au pair at their house. Fourniret allegedly killed her in 1993, but this has not been confirmed. The identity of this alleged victim is not known.

Fourniret was sentenced to life in prison. This is the most severe punishment the judges can give. He could have applied for parole after 30 years. His wife Olivier was found to be the driving force behind the murders. She has also been given a life sentence. She can ask for parole for the first time after 28 years.

Fourniret died on 10 May 2021 at the age of 79 after being hospitalized in Paris with respiratory failure.

Amber-colored salamander

The amber-coloured salamander (Hynobius stejnegeri) is a kind of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals. It can only be found in Japan. It likes to live in forests in rivers that are warm. Because of habitat loss, it is losing its place to live.

Hynobius nebulosus

The Clouded Salamander (Hynobius nebulosus) is a type of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals. It can only be found in Japan. The places they like to live are warm forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater springs, and land that is being watered.

Pontius Pilate

Pontius Pilate ( or ; Latin: "Pontius Pīlātus", , "Pontios Pīlātos") was the governor of the Roman province of Judaea from AD 26 until 36. 

He was the sixth Procurator of Judaea. In modern times he is best known as the man who presided over the Trial of Jesus and ordered his crucifixion.

Pilate appears in all four canonical Christian Gospels. Mark, showing Jesus to be innocent of plotting against Rome, portrays Pilate as extremely reluctant to execute Jesus. The Jewish hierarchy was responsible for his death. In Matthew, Pilate washes his hands of Jesus and reluctantly sends him to his death. In Luke, Pilate not only agrees that Jesus did not conspire against Rome but King Herod also finds nothing treasonous in Jesus' actions. In John, Jesus states: 'my kingdom is not of this world' when held by Pilate. (John 18:36)

Tacitus mentions in his Annales (15,44): "Christus, from whom the name had its origin, suffered the extreme penalty during the reign of Tiberius at the hands of one of our procurators, Pontius Pilatus".

Philo of Alexandria (Leg. ad Caj. 38) and Flavius Josephus (Antiq. 18:3, 4 and Bell. II:9, 2-4) also mention him.

Pilate's biographical details before and after his appointment to Judaea are unknown, but have been supplied by tradition, which include the detail that his wife's name was Procula (she is canonized as a saint in the Greek Orthodox Church).

Pilate's term serves as a reliable historical benchmark for Jesus' death.


Ezo salamander

The Ezo salamander or Hokkaido salamander (Hynobius retardatus) is a kind of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals. It can only be found in Japan. The places where it likes to live are forests, shrubland, marshes, and swamps.

Asiatic salamander

The Asiatic salamanders (family Hynobiidae) are a primitive kind of salamander which can be found throughout Asia. Unlike other salamanders, Hynobiid salamanders do external fertilization, or "spawning". The females lay egg-sacs, and the males pour sperm onto the sacs.

They and the giant salamanders (family Cryptobranchidae), make up the suborder Cryptobranchoidea. About half of hynobiids are unique to Japan.

Stockbroker

A stockbroker is someone who buys and sells stock on the stock exchange. They buy and sell stock, as a normal person cannot walk into the stock exchange for example, and ask to buy stock. They can also advise people the best way to manage their stock.

Kori salamander

The Kori salamander ("Hynobius yangi") is a kind of salamander found in southeastern South Korea. It has only been found around the rural areas of South Korea.

Hynobius amjiensis

Hynobius amjiensis is a kind of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals. It can only be found in China. It lives in swamps and freshwater marshes. It is very endangered and it could become extinct because of habitat loss. 

Zutphen

Its history goes back over 1700 years. There are a lot of buildings in the city that show its long and rich history as a trading city as part of the Hanseatic League. Zutphen got city rights around 1200. It is linked to Deventer and Arnhem by rail. The Twentekanaal starts at the northern municipal border with Lochem. The Berkel river flows into the IJssel river in Zutphen city.

The municipality of Warnsveld joined Zutphen in 2005.



Satu Mare

Satu Mare (pronunciation in Romanian: ; is a city with a population of 160,421 people and is the capital of Satu Mare County, Romania.




Schwaz

Schwaz is a city in Tyrol, Austria. Schwaz can be found in the lower Inn valley, and it has a population of about 13,000 people.



Philadelphia Phillies

The Philadelphia Phillies are a Major League Baseball team in the National League East. They play in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at Citizens Bank Park. The Phillies were founded in 1883. Their manager is Rob Thomson, and their general manager is Sam Fuld. The Phillies were named for the city Philadelphia, which is often called "Philly", and have kept their name and city for over 125 years.

The Phillies' history has included several spans during which they played very poorly. Several years ago they became the first team to have lost 10,000 games overall. 

The Phillies' home uniforms are white with red pinstripes and a red hat with a white cursive "P". The hat is the same for them on the road, but they wear gray pants with one red stripe and a gray shirt. They also have an alternate uniform that has a blue hat with a red "P" and cream-colored jerseys. 

In 1980, the Phillies won their first World Series. In 1993, they made it once more to the Series, but they lost to the Toronto Blue Jays. They did not make the playoffs again until 2007 when they won the National League East division championship. However, they were beaten by the Colorado Rockies in the National League Division Series. In 2008, the Phillies won their second World Series. 

The Phillies were announced as the National League champions on October 23, 2022, defeating the San Diego Padres four games to one in the National League Championship Series of seven games. They were defeated by the Houston Astros of the American League in the 2022 World Series, four games to two. It was the Phillies' first appearance in a World Series game since 2009.


Marc Dutroux

Marc Dutroux (born 6 November 1956 in Ixelles / Elsene) is a Belgian criminal. He has been convicted because he kidnapped and tortured six girls, between eight and 19 years old. He murdered four of them, two eight year old girls starved and died while he was in prison. He was arrested in 1989 for abducting and raping five young girls. For this he was imprisoned; he was released in 1992. He was imprisoned again, from December 1995 until March 1996. He was arrested one more time in August 1996 and has remained imprisoned since then. The court convicted him in June 2004 and sentenced him to serve life in prison for the three murders (girls of 17 and 18 years old, and of his accomplice who was a 43 years old man). His wife was convicted and sentenced to serve 30 years, for starving the 8 year olds.

Dutroux has committed many crimes, including theft, robbery and drug dealing. The media showed him mostly as a pedophile. The final report compiled by four doctors said he was not a pedophile, rather he was a psychopath, who had lost feelings when he was confronted with violence.

Trento

Trento, also anglicized as Trent; (Ladin: "Trent"; German: "Trient", Bavarian: "Treant", Cimbrian: "Tria", Mócheno: "Trea't") is an Italian city in the Adige River valley in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.


Districts of Trento are twinned with:


Znojmo

Znojmo (; ) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic, near the border with Lower Austria.

Candelaria Municipality

Candelaria is one of the 11 municipalities that make up the Mexican state of Campeche


Šilalė

Šilalė () is a city in Tauragė County, Lithuania. It is found 30 km north of Tauragė.

Rosignano Solvay

Rosignano Solvay (shortly just Rosignano) is a small town in the Italian comune of Rosignano Marittimo in the province of Tuscany, Livorno. Rosignano is 22 km from Livorno. About 20,000 people live there. The town is famous for the "white beaches" (formed by the Solvay a big industry of chemistry), the beaches are a "mix" of 90% limestone and 10% calcium chloride. Rosignano has a port for 750 boats.

The first villages in this area were those of the Etruscans and Romans. The history of the town begins at the beginning of the 20th century.

An early name for the town was "Paese Novo" (New Country in Italian). In 1917 the city changed name to Rosignano Solvay, where the name "Solvay" originates from the name of a big chemical factory from Belgium, the Solvay Group, which in 1914 built many buildings for treating and making chemicals, such as: Sodium hydroxide, Sodium bicarbonate and Sodium carbonate. 

Now the Solvay treats and producing this group of element:

Sodium carbonate

Since few years there is in the Solvay two big Gas Turbines for producing about 900 megawatts.






The town has 11 (elementary and high schools) schools and 2 schools for childs.



Rolando Filidei

Rolando Filidei (Navacchio, 1914 – Rosignano Solvay, 1980) was an Italian artist. Filidei went to the school of art to Florence, until 1937 when he finished school. After school he became a soldier. After serving as a soldier he returned in Rosignano where he worked with wood, stone and bronze. Filiedei showed his art in more than 50 festivals and meeting about art in Italy and in many cities in the word. He worked too as a teacher from 1947 until 1977 in the school of "Ernesto Solvay of Rosignano".

Diplom

Diplom (from Greek "diploma") is a high level degree awarded for learning. It is awarded in European countries such as Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Estonia, Croatia, Serbia, Ukraine, Belarus and Greece. It is a similar award to the Bachelor's and Master's degrees in other countries. 

The Diplom was first awarded when the "Technische Hochschulen" became a university. 

The diplom is slowly being replaced by a system that awards Bachelor's and Master's degrees. Bachelor's degrees, sometimes called "Bakkalaureus" in Germany, are thought of as a "small Diplom".

The Diplom may be awarded by the two types of German university. At a University of Applied Sciences (Fachhochschule), the diploma degree is called a "Diplom (FH)" and normally takes four years to study and gain work experience. At a "Universität" the degree is called a "Diplom" or sometimes a "Diplom (Univ.)" and takes four or five years. These years are called "regular study time" ("Regelstudienzeit") but study for the universität normally takes longer.

The "Diplom" is the first university award for many students. There has been no Bachelor's degree in the German/Austrian educational system. 

To win the Diplom certificate, a student must pass the tests for the "Hauptstudium" (main study time) after the "Vordiplom", then one or more "Studienarbeit" (study research projects), and then write a "Diplomarbeit" (diploma thesis). The curriculum of diplom studies at a University of Applied Sciences (Fachhochschule) is focused on using (applying) the science. The Universität is focused on learning.

A student must have a "Diplom" before studying for a PhD ("Doctorate"). The diplom qualifies a student to study for a doctorate in most other countries.

This chart is a guide to the number of years of university study needed in a diplom system to begin studying for a doctorate:

Note: For the Diplom (FH) a student has to spend two years with a company where he or she does not study before studying for a doctorate. These years are shown as "additional work" in the table.

Also note: A Diplom student can begin the doctorate without the additional work if their work has been good enough. Normally a Master's course is taken before a doctorate.


Traralgon, Victoria

Traralgon is a regional city in the Latrobe Valley of the Gippsland area of Victoria, Australia.


Yerzin, Salih Yusupovich

Yerzin, Salih Yusupovich (circa 1830 - 1911) - prominent Tatar businessman and patron of the arts who financed the construction of the largest mosque in Moscow (built in 1904).

Tatars

Tatars refer to a number of Turkic-speaking peoples, which include (but are not limited to) the Volga Tatars, Lipka Tatars, Siberian Tatars. But do not include the Crimean Tatars. Most Tatars live in Russia (forming the majority in Tatarstan), as well as in countries as Poland, Lithuania, Belarus, China, Kazakhstan, and Uzbekistan.

Crimean Tatars live in Ukraine, Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey.

Smaller minorities of Tatars live in Israel, France, Canada, Australia, the United States, Finland, and Japan.

The Tatars mostly practice Sunni Islam.

Their closest relatives are the Bashkirs, and they are also related to the Azerbaijanis, Kazakhs, Chuvash people, and the Turkish people.

Historically, the word "Tatar" might have referred to the Tatar confederation, which eventually became part of the Mongol Empire when Genghis Khan joined the various Eurasian steppe tribes into one empire. The term "Tatars" was spelled as "Tartars" on occasion. In the past, this term was used to refer to anyone coming from North and Central Asia dominated by many predominantly Turco-Mongol empires and kingdoms. Neighbouring non-Turkic peoples called any Turkic-speaking people Tatar. Nowadays, this term is used to refer to certain Turkic peoples.

Russian historian D. Iskhakov wrote in 2000: “the real history of Tatars, of the people in every respect historical, is not written yet”. However, a book by independent Tatar historian Galy Yenikeyev about the unwritten history of the Tatars
claims to have new facts.

Gupta Empire

The Gupta Empire was ruled by members of the Gupta dynasty from around 320 to 550 AD and covered most of North-central India and Eastern Pakistan. The time of the Gupta Empire is reffered to as Golden Age of science, mathematics, astronomy, religion and philosophy in South Asia.

The Guptas most probably came from Bengal. At the beginning of the 4th century the Guptas ruled a few small Hindu kingdoms in Magadha and around modern-day Uttar Pradesh.

We get plenty of information about this dynasty through coins, inscriptions, monuments, and Sanskrit writings. The Gupta rulers were great conquerors and good administrators. This brought on a series of invasions that weakened the empire, but many of their cultural and intellectual achievements were saved and transmitted to other cultures and live on today. Fa Hien visited India during the reign of Chandragupta II and stayed in this country for several years. 

People lived a simple life. Commodities were affordable and all round prosperity ensured that their requirements were met easily. They preferred vegetarianism and shunned alcoholic beverages. Gold and silver coins were issued in great numbers which is a general indicative of the health of the economy. Trade and commerce flourished both within the country and outside. Silk, cotton, spices, medicine, priceless gemstones, pearl, precious metal and steel were exported by sea.

The Gupta dynasty ruled by the Gupta Empire of South Asia, from around 320 to 550.

Some of its main rulers were:



+Golden Coins
The Guptas were the first to introduce a coinage across their empire.This showed both their wealth-as some coins were trying to unify the empire by using the same coins over the empire.

North Melbourne Football Club

The North Melbourne Football Club is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Australian Football League. It is nicknamed "The Kangaroos".

<poem>
"Hearts to hearts and hands to hands,"
"Beneath the Blue and White we stand,"
"We shout, God bless our native land"
"North Melbourne, North Melbourne."
"Out we come, out we come, out we come to play,"
"We train so hard, we play the game, we must win every day."
"Lots of fun, heaps of fun, enjoy yourself today,"
"North Melbourne's boys are hard to beat, when they come out to play."
"So join in the chorus and sing it one and all,"
"Join in the chorus, North Melbourne's on the ball."
"Good old North Melbourne, they're champions you'll agree,"
"North Melbourne is the team that plays to win for you and me."
</poem>

England national football team

The England football team are a team who play football for England. They play their matches in England at Wembley Stadium. 

They played their first game in 1872 against Scotland.

They won the FIFA World Cup in 1966 when they beat West Germany by 4 goals to 2 at the old Wembley Stadium.











Portman Road

Portman Road is an association football stadium in Ipswich, Suffolk, England. It has been the home field of Ipswich Town F.C. since 1882. The stadium has also hosted one senior England friendly international match. It has staged several other sports events including athletics meetings and international hockey matches. The stadium has also held several music concerts, including performances from R.E.M. and Elton John.

The stadium was changed a lot in the early 2000s. This increased the number of people it could hold from 22,600 to 30,311. It is the largest capacity football stadium in East Anglia. The record number of people in the ground of 38,010 was set in an FA Cup match against Leeds United in 1975. The stadium also has conference and food facilities, the "Sir Bobby Robson Suite", "Legends Bar" and a club store selling Ipswich Town souvenirs.

Portman Road has been used by the local cricket team since 1855. In 1884 Ipswich Town F.C. moved from another area of Ipswich to ground. Both teams shared the ground during the summer. The first professional football team to play at the ground was Preston North End in 1892. They played a match against a Suffolk County Football Association team. A temporary bleacher was built for the visit of Aston Villa in 1898. Over 5,000 people watched the match. In 1901, a tobacco factory was built along one side of the pitch.

A wooden bleacher called "The Chicken Run" was built along the side of the pitch in 1906. Four years later, two amateur England international games were played at Portman Road. The First World War led the British Army to use the ground for training. A lot of work had to be done to repair the pitch when they left in 1920. During the 1920s, the ground hosted greyhound races to raise money. In 1936, when Ipswich Town F.C. turned professional, the cricket club left the ground.

Portman Road was home to Ipswich Town's first Football League match on 27 August 1938. Ipswich won 4–2 against Southend United in front of more than 19,000 spectators. The fans helped pay for more improvements like concrete bleachers in 1952 which meant the ground could hold over 29,000 people. Floodlights were built in 1960, and Ipswich's first televised match was held two years later.

The "Portman Stand" was built in 1971. This increased the ground's capacity to over 37,000. After the Hillsborough disaster, all bleachers had to be all-seater by law. This meant all terraces had to be converted and the capacity was reduced to about 22,000. Statues of previous Ipswich Town managers Bobby Robson and Sir Alf Ramsey were put outside the stadium in the 1990s. After Ipswich were promoted in 2000 to the Premier League, the ground was expanded to its current capacity of just over 30,000.

The pitch is surrounded by four all-seater bleachers: the Sir Bobby Robson Stand (North), the Cobbold Stand, the Sir Alf Ramsey Stand (formerly the South Stand) and the East of England Co-operative Stand Stand. The main section of Cobbold Stand, which used to be called the Portman Stand, was built in 1971. The East of England Co-operative Stand was built in 1952 as a concrete seating area. It was updated in 1990. The North Stand was completely rebuilt in 2001 and has a capacity of around 7,500.

The current groundsman, Alan Ferguson, has been given several awards. They include both Premiership and Championship Groundsman of the Year. The pitch was voted the best in the Championship for two consecutive seasons in 2004 and 2005.

The stadium is about from Ipswich railway station. The station is on the main line from London Liverpool Street to Norwich. The stadium has no parking facilities for supporters.

On 20 August 2003, Portman Road hosted its only senior England match. It was a friendly against Croatia, which finished 3–1 to England in front of 28,700 people. The stadium has been used by England youth teams several times. The first time was on 24 November 1971. The England U23 team drew 1–1 with Switzerland. 

Other sports have been hosted at Portman Road, including athletics in 1927, an American football match in 1953, and several international hockey matches in the 1960s and 70s.

The stadium has also hosted several music concerts, including performances by Elton John, R.E.M., Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Rod Stewart. In March 2005, around 8,000 Christians went to the stadium. This was the largest act of Christian worship in Suffolk since American evangelist Billy Graham used Portman Road on part of his tour in 1984.

The most people to watch a football match at Portman Road is 38,010 for a match against Leeds United in the FA Cup sixth round on 8 March 1975. The record modern (all-seated) attendance is 30,152, set on 21 December 2003 against Norwich City in the Football League Championship. The largest ever crowd for a non-competitive game at the ground was 23,284 for Bobby Robson's testimonial match where Ipswich, including George Best, played against an England XI.

The highest seasonal average at the stadium since Ipswich turned professional was 26,431 in the 1976–77 season. The lowest average attendance at Portman Road was 8,741 in the club's first professional season, the 1936–37 season. The highest total seasonal attendance was in the 1980–81 season when the total was more than 814,000. 

Portman Road hosted Ipswich Town's first appearance in European football competition when they defeated Floriana of Malta 10–0 in the European Cup in 1962. Since then, Ipswich Town remain undefeated at Portman Road in all European competitions. They have played a total of 31 matches over 40 years, a world record until it was beaten by AZ Alkmaar in December 2007.

Norwich City F.C.

Norwich City F.C. is an English football club based in Norwich, Norfolk. The club was started in 1902. They were relegated from the Premier League in the 2021-22 season. The manager is Dean Smith.

Queens Park Rangers F.C.

Queens Park Rangers Football Club is an English football club from London. Their players wear a blue and white hooped shirts for home games which they play at a ground called Loftus Road. The club are also known as QPR.

League





Cup




List of Bangkok universities

This is a list of colleges and universities in Bangkok, Thailand.



List of palaces in Bangkok

Bangkok, the capital city of Thailand, has many palaces:



List of sport venues in Bangkok

Bangkok, Thailand, is home to a number of stadiums and sport clubs:


Watford F.C.

Watford F.C. are an English football club who play in Watford, near London. 

They wear yellow and black shirts and black shorts when they play at their home ground, Vicarage Road. For away games they wear green shirts and shorts. The club was founded in 1881. Roy Hodgson is the current manager.

The club was at first called "Watford Rovers." It changed its name to "West Hertfordshire" in 1893, and "Watford F.C." in 1898. Watford won the Southern League in 1915 and joined the Football League in 1920. They stayed in the Football League's bottom division until 1960 when they were promoted to the Third Division as champions. Watford played in the Second Division for the first time in 1969 when Ken Furphy was the manager. 

Watford are best known for what they did between 1977 and 1987. Singer Elton John bought the club and made Graham Taylor manager in 1977. The team won the Fourth Division in 1978. They then came 2nd in the Third Division in 1979, and 2nd in the Second Division in 1982. Finally, they came 2nd in the First Division in 1983, and Luther Blissett was the league's top scorer. Watford also got to the FA Cup final in 1984. John Barnes, Nigel Callaghan, Tony Coton and Ross Jenkins were among Watford's star players during the period.

Taylor left Watford in 1987 and Watford were relegated to the then Second Division the following year. In the last 30 years they have mostly played in the second tier of English football. However, they enjoyed two seasons in the Premier League under Taylor, in his second spell as manager (1999/2000), and Aidy Boothroyd (2006/07), before Slaviša Jokanović again led them to promotion in 2015 to begin their current spell in the top flight.

Sheffield United F.C.

Sheffield United F.C. is an English football club who play in Sheffield, Yorkshire, England. They play their home games at a stadium called Bramall Lane and have the nickname "Blades". Their nickname comes from Sheffield's reputation for producing steel.

Barnsley F.C.

Barnsley F.C. is an English football club who play in Barnsley, Yorkshire. The club was founded in 1887 and play its home games at a stadium called Oakwell. They play in EFL League One, the third tier of the English football league system. Their nicknamed is "the Tykes". 





Burnley F.C.

Burnley F.C. are an English football club who play in Burnley, Lancashire. They were created in 1882 and play their home games at the Turf Moor stadium.

Burnley have been Football League Champions twice, in the 1920–21 season and 1959–60 season.

 












Azua Province

Azua is a Dominican province; it is in the southern part of the country, along the Caribbean coast. Its capital is Azua de Compostela.

After the Dominican independence from Haiti, Azua was one of the five original provinces of the country; all the southwestern part of the country was part of this province, including some regions that now are part of Haiti.

The province takes the name from its capital city, Azua de Compostela. "Azua" was the Taíno name of the region where the city was founded

Azua has the La Vega province to the northeast, the San José de Ocoa and Peravia provinces to the east, the Caribbean Sea to the south, the Barahona and Baoruco provinces to the west, and the San Juan province to the northwest.

There were people living in the region since a very long time, most of them along the coast. When the Spanish people came here, only Taínos were living here.

During colonial times, Azua de Compostela was one of the most important city of the Hispaniola island because there were several factories to produce sugar. Hernán Cortés, conquistador of Mexico, was one of the persons who lived here for some time.

After the independence in 1844, there were several important battles in this region between the Haitian and Dominican armies and Azua de Compostela was burned several times by the Haitian armies.

Padre Las Casas is a municipality of the province since 1942; later, other municipalities were created: Peralta in 1978; Las Charcas, Las Yayas de Viajama and Estebanía in 2001; Sabana Yegua and Pueblo Viejo in 2003; and Tábara Arriba and Guayabal in 2004.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Azua province, and 165,703 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 23th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 219,856 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Azua de Compostela, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 59,319 inhabitants.

The Azua province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 5th (out of 31 provinces plus the National District) largest province. The altitude of Azua de Compostela, provincial capital, is .

Most of the Azua province is in a very dry valley (the "Azua Valley" or "Azua Plain"); cacti and other plants of dry regions are common in this valley.

The "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range") runs along the northern half of the province. To the east, there is the "Sierra de Ocoa" (part of the Cordillera Central) that separates this province from the Peravia province. To the west, there are the "Sierra Martín García" and "Sierra de Neiba".

The most important rivers are the Yaque del Sur and its tributaries Las Cuevas and Grande or Del Medio. Other rivers are Ocoa, Jura and Vía (that flows through the city of Azua de Compostela).

The only important road in the province is the "Carretera Sánchez" (Sánchez National Road) that goes through the southern part of the province; the road goes from Santo Domingo to the western part of the country, to the border with Haiti.

The other roads are not so important and they go from the different municipalities or municipal districts to the Carretera Sánchez or to the city of Azua de Compostela.

The Azua port is in the municipal district of Puerto Viejo; it is a small port. 

There are 10 municipalities and 22 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity in the province is farming. In the valley, the most important crops are and the main products are banana, plantain, vegetables and fruits like mango. High on the northern mountains, coffee and beans are important products.

Fishing is important along the Caribbean coast.


Cardiff City F.C.

Cardiff City F.C. is a Welsh football club who play in Cardiff. They play at the Cardiff City Stadium, (formerly at Ninian Park) and have the nickname "The Bluebirds".

They are the only non-English side to win the FA Cup, in 1926-27. They were also runners up in 1924-25 and 2007-08.


Colchester United F.C.

Colchester United F.C. are an English football team who play in Colchester, Essex. They were started in 1937 and play games at their stadium which is called Colchester Community Stadium. They currently play in the Football League One.
Their only major honour was in 1998 when they won the F.A. trophy

Coventry City F.C.

Coventry City F.C. is an English football club. They play in Coventry in the West Midlands. They first played football in 1883 and have the nickname "Sky Blues" named after the colour of the shirts they wear. They play their home matches at the Ricoh Arena stadium.

Coventry City won the FA Cup in 1987 against a team from London, Tottenham Hotspur F.C..


Crewe Alexandra F.C.

Crewe Alexandra F.C. is an English football club from Crewe, Cheshire. The club's chairman is Charles Grant. 

The club was founded in 1877 and named after Alexandra of Denmark. 

From 1983 to 2007, Crewe Alexandra F.C. was led by Dario Gradi. He became the longest-serving coach in the English Football League. 

Since December 2008, the club has been coached by Icelander Gudien Thordarson, but he soon left his post. 

In the 2011-2012 season, the team won the playoffs and advanced to EFL League One. 

In the 2012-2013 season, the club took 13th place. It played 46 games, gaining 64 points, the difference between goals scored and conceded is 54-62. 

In the 2012-2013 EFL Trophy, the team reached the final, where they beat Southend United Football Club 2-0 in the decisive match. 

Crewe has played mostly in the lower divisions of England. Crewe Alexandra F.C. won the Wales Cup twice and became the winner of the Milk Cup.

In the 2020-2021 season, the club will play in EFL League One, the third division in the English football league system.

Since 1877, the club was named Crewe F.C.

Later, it was re-named as Crewe Alexandra F.C. It is also known with a nickname ""railway workers"", which is associated with the location of the city on a large railway junction.

Official website

Crystal Palace F.C.

Crystal Palace Football Club (Crystal Palace) is an English football club. It is based in South Norwood in the London Borough of Croydon. The club was founded in 1905. The home stadium of the club is Selhurst Park.

Crystal Palace has played in the Premier League since 2013. They were runners-up in the FA Cup in 1990 and 2016.

Hull City A.F.C.

Hull City A.F.C. are an English football club who are based in Kingston upon Hull. They started in 1904 and currently play in the Football League Championship. Their stadium is called the KCOM Stadium.

On 24 May 2008 Hull City achieved promotion to the Premier League by beating Bristol City 1-0 in the Football League Championship play-off final at Wembley stadium. Dean Windass scored the winning goal in the 38th minute.

Hull made a remarkable start to their first ever season in the Premier League and reached as high as 2nd in the table in October 2008. They recorded impressive wins away from home against established Premier League teams- Newcastle, Arsenal and Tottenham.

Golden Age of India

Many periods have been called golden periods in the History of India, because there were different important achievements at different times.

The period between the 4th century and 6th century AD is known as the Golden Age of India because of the large achievements Indians made in the fields of mathematics, astronomy, sculpting and painting during the Gupta Empire. Significant contributions to the decimal numeral system, including the concept of zero happened during this period in India. The Golden Age in India came to an end when the Hunas invaded the Gupta Empire in the 6th century AD.

South India in the 10th and 11th century AD under the imperial Chola Dynasty has been called Golden Age as well. The period saw extensive achievements in architecture, literature, sculpture and bronze working, maritime conquests with extensive trade, and quasi-democratic reforms.


Enoch Powell

John Enoch Powell, MBE (16 June 1912 – 8 February 1998) was a British politician in the Conservative Party.

Powell was born on June 16, 1912 in Birmingham, England and raised there. He studied at Trinity College, Cambridge and at School of Oriental and African Studies.

Before becoming a politician, Powell was a professor of Ancient Greek at Sydney University, Australia. When World War II, started he joined the British Army in 1939 as a private but, by 1945, had been promoted to Brigadier.

He was elected to the House of Commons in 1950, and was a government minister in 1957-1958 and again between 1960 and 1963. In 1962 when he was Minister of Health he launched the Hospital Plan which had plans for 90 new hospitals, 134 to be rebuilt and about 1000 more small hospitals to be closed - the biggest building programme the NHS had seen. 

He made a speech in 1968 in which he said that if the United Kingdom let too many immigrants live there, there would be fighting in the streets.

In 1974 he left the Conservative Party before the February election, and became an MP in Northern Ireland for the Ulster Unionist Party in October 1974.

Powell was married to Pamela Wilson from 1952 until his death in 1998. They had two daughters.

Powell was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 1992. He died on February 8, 1998 in London, England from the illness, aged 85. He is buried at Warwick Cemetery, Warwick, Warwickshire, England.


Monetarism

Monetarism is the belief that the right way for a government to manage a country's economy is to control how much money it prints. The most famous monetarist economist was Milton Friedman.

Super Mario All-Stars

Super Mario All-Stars is a video game made by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It was released in 1993. It is a remake of four old games into one package. The four games are "Super Mario Bros.", "Super Mario Bros. 2", "Super Mario Bros. 3", and "". "The Lost Levels" was originally called "Super Mario Bros. 2" in Japan and was the original sequel to "Super Mario Bros.". The old games feature new graphics and improved sound. It was later re-released in 1994 with "Super Mario World" as "Super Mario All-Stars + Super Mario World".

In 2010, Nintendo released Super Mario All-Stars 25th Anniversary Edition for the Nintendo Wii in celebration of Mario's 25th anniversary. It includes a port of "Super Mario All-Stars". It also includes a Mario history book and a CD with music from the series. It was released on October 21, 2010 in Japan, on December 3, 2010 in Europe, and on December 12, 2010 in North America.

Super Mario Sunshine

Mario and his friends arrive in Isle Delfino for a vacation. However, the police on the island arrest Mario. Someone who looks like him has been making the island dirty. A judge tells Mario to clean up the island. He is given a device called F.L.U.D.D. (Flash Liquidizer Ultra Dousing Device), which Mario straps on his back. F.L.U.D.D. is a powerful water device that can clean up the mess that the fake Mario has caused. Mario learns that Bowser Jr., Bowser's son, was the one who changed the island and kidnapped Princess Peach. Mario sets out to find them.

Like "Super Mario 64", there are many worlds and each world has several goals to meet. Instead of stars, Mario captures Shine Sprites that will help restore the island. Each world has a boss to defeat. As Mario clears each world, he unlocks others.

Mario must clean up lots of sludge and filth that is on the island. F.L.U.D.D. allows him to do this. F.L.U.D.D. can only hold a little bit of water and Mario must jump into a pool of water after the water runs out to refill it. F.L.U.D.D. can also do several other things. If Mario aims the nozzles down, Mario can float for a few seconds until the water pressure runs out. There are also areas where Mario takes F.L.U.D.D. off and jumps around himself without assistance.
Nintendo had been working on a sequel to "Super Mario 64" for many years; the cancelled video games "Super Mario 64 2" and "Super Mario 128" were some ideas Nintendo had for a direct sequel. "Super Mario Sunshine" was first shown at Nintendo Space World 2001. The game was later shown again at E3 2002.

Work on the game began with the idea of gameplay involving a water pump. However, at first the developers thought that the world was too daringly out of character with Mario. Therefore, they tried using a man-type character, but thought this was too odd and that ""if there was a man next to Mario, there is a sense of incongruity."" There were ten candidates for possible water nozzles, and FLUDD was chosen because of fitting in the game's setting, despite it not being one of the favorites. Some preliminary gun-like water nozzles were removed due to all the controversy in the United States. They also said that several Yoshi features were taken out, such as Yoshi vomiting juice fed to him.

Koji Kondo and Shinobu Tanaka composed the musical score to "Super Mario Sunshine". The soundtrack features various arrangements of classic "Mario" tunes, including the underground music and the main stage music from the original "Super Mario Bros." "Super Mario Sunshine" featured many of the usual voice actors for the various Nintendo characters. This is the only "Mario" game which features full English voice acting in cut-scenes. The voice cast consisted of Charles Martinet as Mario and Toadsworth, Jen Taylor as Princess Peach and Toad, Scott Burns as Bowser, and Dolores Rogers as Bowser Jr. Other voice actors included Kit Harris.

"Super Mario Sunshine" sold well, having sold 5.5 million copies as of June 2006. In 2002, "Super Mario Sunshine" was the tenth best-selling game in the United States, according to the NPD Group. It was released again in 2003 as part of the Player's Choice line, a selection of games with high sales sold for a reduced price.

"Super Mario Sunshine" received positive reviews from game reviewers. IGN liked the addition of the water backpack for improving the gameplay, and GameSpy commented on the "wide variety of moves and the beautifully [made] environments". The game received a perfect score from "Nintendo Power", who commended the "superb graphics, excellent music, clever layouts, funny cinema scenes and [clever] puzzles". "GamePro" also gave "Super Mario Sunshine" a perfect score, stating that the game was ""a masterpiece of superior game design, infinite gameplay variety, creativity, and life."" "Game Informer" said that the game is arguably "the best "Mario" game to date." ComputerAndVideoGames.com also mentioned the game is ""better than Super Mario 64."" The game placed 46th in "Official Nintendo Magazine"'s 100 greatest Nintendo games of all time.

Despite it's positive reviews, some reviewers didn't like the game. GameSpot didn't like the various additions, including the water backpack and Yoshi, calling them "mere gimmicks." They also didn't like the virtual camera system, and noted that the game seemed somewhat unpolished and rushed. They also didn't like the voices, stating that "Super Mario Sunshine's FMV also houses some of the lousiest voice-over work to be found on the GameCube. None of the voices fit particularly well. Princess Peach sounds too ditzy, Mario is limited to grunts and other nonverbal communications, and the game's bad guys are completely miscast and downright disappointing." Matt Wales accused the game of having a "distinct lack of polish."

"Super Mario Sunshine" has introduced many elements which were carried over to newer "Mario" titles. This was the first game in the "Mario" series to introduce the Shine Sprites. These Shine Sprites have appeared in later "Mario" titles games like "Mario Kart DS". This was the first game in the "Mario" series which included Bowser Jr; he has since appeared in "New Super Mario Bros.", "New Super Mario Bros. Wii", "Super Mario Galaxy" and "Super Mario Galaxy 2", and in "Mario" sports games such as the "Mario Kart" series since "" and "Mario Kart Wii". Also, Toadsworth appeared for the first time on the game. He has later appeared on various "Mario" games such as "" and "Super Princess Peach". The recurring character Petey Piranha, known as in Japan, was also introduced. He also appears in "New Super Mario Bros.", "Super Princess Peach" and several spin-off games.

This game was the first "Mario" platformer game to be released for the Nintendo GameCube. It was also the first 3D "Mario" platformer which included the ability to ride Yoshi and to have him change colors. This feature reappeared in the Wii 3D platformer "Super Mario Galaxy 2".

African elephant

The African elephant are the two species of elephant in the genus Loxodonta. This is one of the two living genera in Elephantidae. It is the biggest terrestrial animal.

Female elephants travel in herds and male elephants travel alone and sometimes in bachelor groups.

Fossil "Loxodonta" have only been found in Africa, where they developed in the middle Pliocene.

African elephants are very intelligent.

Males of the African bush elephant can grow to 3.64 meters (12 feet) tall at the shoulder and weigh 5455 kg (12,000 lbs). It is the largest living elephant. Females may reach 3 meters (10 feet) and weigh 3636 kg to 4545 kg (8,000 to 10,000 lbs).

African elephants are different from Asian elephants. They have larger ears, long, pillar-like legs, a dipped down back, and a fourth toenail on front, and third on the back. African elephants are bigger than Asian elephants. They skin of African elephant is wrinkled, gray, and thick. 

At any one time, elephants have one molar in each jaw bone (two upper, two lower). Each weighs about 11 lbs and measures about 12 inches long. As they wear away at the front, new molars emerge in the back of the mouth and gradually replace the old ones. Elephants replace their teeth six times. If it survives to 60 years of age the elephant no longer has teeth and will die of starvation.

Their tusks are also teeth, the second set of upper incisors become the tusks. They are used for digging for roots and stripping the bark off trees for food, and, fighting each other during mating season, or defending themselves against predators. They weigh from 50-100 pounds and may be from 5 to 8 feet long. However, a result of poachers killing elephants with the biggest tusks has been a survivor population with much smaller tusks. Both bulls and cows have tusks.


Bush and forest elephants are nowadays generally considered to be two distinct species. The African forest elephant has a longer and narrower mandible, rounder ears, a different number of toenails, straighter and downward tusks, and considerably smaller size. With regard to the number of toenails: the African bush elephant normally has four toenails on the front foot and three on the hind foot, the African forest elephant normally has five toenails on the front foot and four on the hind foot (like the Asian elephant). Hybrids between the two species do occur.

Poaching greatly reduced the population of elephants in Africa in the 20th century. In the eastern region of Chad, elephant herds were substantial as recently as 1970, with an estimated population of 400,000. However, by 2006 the number had dropped to about 10,000. The African elephant nominally has governmental protection, but poaching is a serious issue.

People moving into or near areas where elephants occur naturally is a problem. There is research into methods of safely driving groups of elephants away from humans. Playing recorded sounds of angry honey bees is remarkably effective at prompting elephants to flee an area. Sometimes elephant communities have grown so large that culling was needed to sustain the ecosystem.


History of the United Kingdom

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is a sovereign state. England, Scotland, Wales (together: Great Britain) and Northern Ireland are parts of this state.

The Acts of Union in 1707 united the crowns and Parliaments of England and Scotland to create (the United Kingdom of) Great Britain. At this time, Wales was legally part of the Kingdom of England, with representation (since 1536) in the English Parliament, so it was included in the union of England and Scotland. Ireland was a separate kingdom with its own parliament until further Acts of Union in 1800 joined Great Britain and Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

In 1922, the territory of what is now the Republic of Ireland gained independence, and only Northern Ireland continued to be part of the United Kingdom. As a result, in 1927 Britain changed its formal title to "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland", usually shortened to "the United Kingdom", "The UK", "Great Britain" or just "Britain".

The first step towards political unification were taken on 1 May 1707, when the parliaments of Scotland and England approved "Acts of Union" which combined the two parliaments and the two royal titles.

Perhaps the greatest single benefit to Scotland of the Union was that Scotland could enjoy free trade with England and her colonies overseas. For England's part, a possible ally for European states that were hostile to England had been neutralized.

Certain aspect of the former independent kingdoms remained separate. Examples of Scottish and English institutions which were not merged into the British system include: Scottish and English law which remain separate, as do Scottish and English banking systems, the Presbyterian Church of Scotland and Anglican Church of England also remained separate as did the systems of education and higher learning.

As the Scots were generally well educated, they made a disproportionate contribution to both the government of the United Kingdom and the administration of the British Empire.

The second stage in the development of the United Kingdom took effect on 1 January 1801, when Great Britain merged with the Ireland to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

The legislative union of Great Britain and Ireland was completed under the Act of Union 1800. The country's name was changed to "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland". The Act was passed in the British and therefore unrepresentative Irish Parliament with substantial majorities achieved in part (according to contemporary documents) through bribery, namely the awarding of peerages and honors to critics to get their votes. The separate Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland were abolished, and replaced by a united Parliament of the United Kingdom. Ireland thus became part of an extended United Kingdom. Ireland sent around 100 MPs to the House of Commons at Westminster and 28 peers to the House of Lords.

Hostilities between Great Britain and France recommenced on 18 May 1803. The Coalition war-aims changed over the course of the conflict: a general desire to restore the French monarchy became closely linked to the struggle to stop Napoleon.
The Napoleonic conflict had reached the point at which subsequent historians could talk of a "world war". Only the Seven Years' War offered a precedent for widespread conflict on such a scale.

The Victorian era marked the height of the British Industrial Revolution and the apex of the British Empire. Although commonly used to refer to the period of Queen Victoria's rule between 1837 and 1901, scholars debate whether the Victorian period–as defined by a variety of sensibilities and political concerns that have come to be associated with the Victorians–actually begins with the passage of Reform Act 1832. The era was preceded by the Regency era and succeeded by the Edwardian period. The latter half of the Victorian era roughly coincided with the first portion of the Belle Époque era of continental Europe and other non-English speaking countries.

Prime Ministers: William Pitt the Younger | Lord Grenville | Duke of Portland | Spencer Perceval | Lord Liverpool | George Canning | Lord Goderich | Duke of Wellington | Lord Grey | Lord Melbourne | Sir Robert Peel | Lord John Russell | Lord Derby | Lord Aberdeen | Lord Palmerston | Benjamin Disraeli | William Ewart Gladstone | Lord Salisbury | Lord Rosebery

Marquess of Salisbury | Arthur Balfour | Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman | Herbert Henry Asquith | David Lloyd George | Andrew Bonar Law | Stanley Baldwin | Ramsay MacDonald | Stanley Baldwin | Ramsay MacDonald | Stanley Baldwin | Neville Chamberlain | Winston Churchill

Britain's control over its Empire loosened during the interwar period. Nationalism became stronger in other parts of the empire, particularly in India and in Egypt.

Between 1867 and 1910, the UK granted Australia, Canada, and New Zealand "Dominion" status (near complete autonomy within the Empire).

The end of the Second World War saw a landslide General Election victory for Clement Attlee and the Labour Party.

As the country headed into the 1950s, rebuilding continued and a number of immigrants from the remaining British Empire were invited to help the rebuilding effort. During the 1950s the UK lost its place as a superpower and could no longer maintain its large Empire. This led to decolonization, and a withdrawal from almost all of its colonies by 1970.

Though the 1970s and 1980s saw the UK's integration to the "European Economic Community" which became the European Union in 1992 and a strict modernization of its economy.

After the difficult 70s and 80s the 1990s saw the beginning of a period of continuous economic growth that has to date lasted over 15 years. The Good Friday Agreement saw what many believe to be the beginning of the end of conflict in Northern Ireland; since this event, there has been very little armed violence over the issue.

In the 2001 General Election, the Labour Party won a second successive victory.

Despite huge anti-war marches being held in London and Glasgow, Tony Blair gave strong support to the United State's invasion of Iraq in 2003. Forty-six thousand British troops, one-third of the total strength of the British Army (land forces), were active to assist with the invasion of Iraq and after that British armed forces were responsible for security in southern Iraq in the time before the Iraqi elections of January 2005.

2007 saw the conclusion of the premiership of Tony Blair, followed by that of Gordon Brown. The next prime minister, David Cameron, was elected in 2010. During his first term, the Scottish National Party (SNP) won the 2011 election to the Scottish Parliament. On 18 September 2014, the SNP held a referendum that asked the people of Scotland whether they want to be independent from the UK. 55% of voters wanted to remain in the UK.

David Cameron was re-elected in 2015 on promises to hold a referendum on whether the United Kingdom should leave the European Union. It took place on 23 June 2016 and was won by the "Leave" campaign with 52% of the vote. Cameron would then resign and be replaced by Theresa May as prime minister who will lead the country into the process of "Brexit".

On January 2020, Brexit had occurred.

The U.K. also saw two incidents of terrorism occur in London in the 21st century.

On 7 July 2005, three bombs exploded on the London Underground at 8:50 during the morning rush hour, and a fourth exploded one hour later on a bus in Tavistock Square. The attack, done by Muslim extremists, killed 52 people and injured over 700 others.

On 22 March 2017, exactly one year after the bombings in Brussels, five people were killed in the 2017 Westminster attack near the Houses of Parliament. One of them was the attacker, Khalid Masood, who also stabbed an officer of the Metropolitan Police, who later died of his injuries.

On 22 May 2017, "two bombings" occurred at the Manchester Arena with 19 people dead and 50 injured. It is a suspected suicide bombing.


¹ The term "United Kingdom" was first used in the Union with Scotland Act 1706. However it is generally seen as a descriptive term, indicating that the kingdoms were freely united rather than through conquest. It is not seen as being actual "name" of the new United Kingdom, which was (by article one) "Great Britain". The "United Kingdom" as a name is taken to refer to the kingdom that emerged when the Kingdom of Great Britain and Kingdom of Ireland merged on 1 January 1801.

² The name "Great Britain" (then spelt "Great Brittaine") was first used by James VI/I in October 1604, who indicated that henceforth he and his successors would be viewed as Kings of Great Britain, not Kings of England and Scotland. However the name was not applied to the "state" as a unit; both England and Scotland continued to be governed independently. Its validity as a name of the Crown is also questioned, given that monarchs continued using separate ordinals (e.g., James VI/I, James VII/II) in England and Scotland. To avoid confusion, historians generally avoid using the term "King of Great Britain" until 1707 and instead to match the ordinal usage call the monarchs kings or queens of England and Scotland. Separate ordinals were abandoned when the two states merged with the Act of Union 1707, with subsequent monarchs using ordinals apparently based on English not Scottish history (it might be argued that the monarchs have simply taken the higher ordinal, which to date has always been English). One example is Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, who is referred to as being "the Second" even though there never was an Elizabeth I of Scotland or Great Britain. Thus the term "Great Britain" is generally used from 1707.

³ The number changed several times between 1801 and 1922.


Leeds United F.C.

Leeds United Football Club is an English Association football club in Leeds, West Yorkshire. They play their home matches at Elland Road. The club has spent much of its time since it was founded in the highest division of English football.

Leeds United was established in 1919, having previously been known as Leeds City.

Leeds United have won the League Cup.

Leeds United have won the FA Cup.

Leeds United currently holds rivalries with Manchester United, Chelsea FC, Liverpool FC, Hull City, and other clubs that could be considered as rivals are Manchester City FC, , Sheffield Wednesday FC, Doncaster Rovers, Millwall FC and Barnsley FC.



Acts of Union 1707

The Acts of Union were a pair of Parliamentary Acts passed in 1706 and 1707 by, respectively, the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland, to make effective the Treaty of Union which had been negotiated between the two countries. The Acts joined the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland which had been separate states before, with separate legislatures but with the same monarch into a single United Kingdom of Great Britain. At that time the Union Flag became the national flag.

For over a hundred years since the "Union of the Crowns" in 1603, when James VI of Scotland inherited the English throne from his cousin, Queen Elizabeth I, the two had been in personal union The Acts of Union took effect on 1 May 1707. 




G-Man

G-Man can be any of the following:

El Paso, Guyana

El Paso is a village in the Potaro-Siparuni region of Guyana. It can be found to the west of Tumatumari Landing.

Provinces of Iran

Iran is divided into 31 provinces (Persian: استان "ostān", plural استان‌ها "ostānhā"). Each is ruled from a local center. These local centers can usually be found in the biggest local city, called the capital (Persian: مرکز "markaz") of that province.

The following is a table with information on the provinces of Iran:

Counties of Iran

The provinces of Iran are divided into counties called shahrestan (Persian: شهرستان "shahrestān"). They usually contain a city center, and a bunch of villages around them. Counties are divided into districts. They are also usually some cities in each county. As of the year 2005, Iran had 324 counties. In 2021 there were 471.

The following is a list of counties by province:































Tehran province

Tehran Province (Persian: استان تهران;) is one of the 30 provinces of Iran. It has an area of 18,909 square kilometers. It can be found to the north of the center plateau in Iran. As of June 2005, this province contains 13 townships, 43 municipalities, and 1,358 villages.

Absard, Andishe, Baghershahr, Baghestan, Boumehen, Chahardangeh, Damavand, Eshtehard, Eslamshahr, Ferdowsieh, Firouzkouh, Garmdarreh, Gharchak, Ghods, Golestan, Shahriar, Hashtgerd, Hashtgerd New City, Javadabad, Hassan Abad, Kahrizak, Kamalshahr, Karaj, Kilan, Lavasan, Mahdasht, Malard, Meshkindasht, Mohammadshahr, Nasimshahr, Nazarbad, Owshan Fasham Meygoun, Pakdasht, Pardis, Pishva, Robat Karim, Roudehen, Sabasharh, Safadasht, Shahedshahr, Shahriar, Sharifabad, Tehran, Vahidieh, Varamin,


Leicester City F.C.

Leicester City F.C. are an English professional football club, based at King Power Stadium in Leicester. They won the 2015–16 Premier League, their first top tier title.

Some of the club's most famous players include Gary Lineker, Peter Shilton, Gordon Banks and Jamie Vardy. Their present manager is Brendan Rodgers.







Damavand County

Damavand County () is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Damavand. The county and its capital are named after Mount Damavand, which is the tallest mountain in Iran and Western Asia.

Eslamshahr County

Eslamshahr County (Persian: اسلام‌شهر) is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Eslamshahr.

Firouzkouh County

Firouzkouh County (Persian: فیروزکوه) is a county in the east of the Tehran Province in Iran. In English it can also be spelt as Firuzkuh. The capital of the county is Firouzkouh. About 39,284 people live in the county. It is a mountain area with many lakes and rivers. It is famous for its mineral water.

Karaj County

Karaj County () is a county of the Alborz Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Karaj.

Luton Town F.C.

Luton Town Football Club are an English football club that are based in Luton in the county of Bedfordshire. They started in 1885 and play their home games at a stadium called Kenilworth Road.

Millwall F.C.

Millwall F.C. are a English Association football club in London. They play their home games at a stadium called The New Den which is in London. The club started in 1885 and their nickname is "The Lions".

Millwall was founded in 1885.


The following is a list of important footballers who have played for Millwall. The list includes players who have been honoured in Millwall's Hall of Fame.




|width="33"| 
|width="33"| 





|width="33"| 







Nazarabad County

Nazarabad County (Persian: نظرآباد) is a county of the Alborz Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Nazarabad.

Pakdasht County

Pakdasht County () is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Pakdasht.

Preston North End F.C.

Preston North End F.C. are an English football club. They are based in Preston, Lancashire. They play in the Football League Championship at their stadium which is called Deepdale. The club began in 1880. It has the nicknames "The Lilywhites", "PNE" and "The North End".

Preston North End was part of the twelve football teams that made up the English Football League in 1888, and were the first team ever to win the English Football League. Preston North End and Arsenal are the only two teams ever to win the Championship without losing a match.

They have played in the FA Cup final seven times and won twice.

The last time they won a major trophy was the FA Cup in 1938 and the club has not been in the Premier League for many years, but they are one of the most successful Championship clubs and regularly finish high up in the league.

Rey County

Rey County (Persian: ری) is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Rey.

Robat-Karim County

Robat-Karim County (Persian: رباط‌کریم) is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Robat-Karim.

Savojbolagh County

Savojbolagh County (Persian: ساوجبلاغ) is a county of the Alborz Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Hashtgerd.

Shahriar County

Shahriar County (Persian: شهریار) is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Shahriar. The county has a population of 400,000 people.

Shemiranat County

Shemiranat County () is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Shemiranat.

Tehran County

Tehran County () is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Tehran.

Varamin County

Varamin County (Persian: ورامین) is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Varamin.

The New Den

The New Den is a stadium in London, England. It is the stadium where Millwall F.C. are based.

Les Cayes

Les Cayes (Kréyòl: "Okay"; ) is a town in southwest Haiti near the river "Ravine du Sud", on the Caribbean coast. It is the capital of the Sud "Département".

Les Cayes is at about 196 km southwest of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince. It is also the chief town of an "arrondissement" (a part of a department) with the same name. The "arrondissement" has six "communes" (a "commune" is like a municipality): Les Cayes, Camp-Perrin, Chantal, Île à Vache, Maniche and Torbeck.

The town had the name of "Aux Cayes" ("On the cays") because the small "Île à Vache" island and other cays (Grande Caye and Petite Caye) are near the town. Now the name is just "Les Cayes"; Kréyòl still keeps the old name.

In 1504, Diego Velázquez founded the town of "Salvatierra de la Sabana" (or Salvatierra de la Zabana) where is now Les Cayes. From here, he left for Cuba to take control of that island on 7 November 1511.

But people left completely the town in 1540 and the French Monsier de la Lance founded the modern town of Les Cayes in 1726. The town was destroyed by two hurricanes in 1781 and 1788.

On 28 December 1815, Simón Bolívar came to Les Cayes looking for help to fight against the Spanish government in South America. Bolívar left Haiti on 10 April 1816 for Venezuela, but came back in September of that year to this Haitian town when he lost some battles in South America. He went back to South America in December of the same year.

Les Cayes is one of the most important port of Haiti, where coffee, sugar, bananas and timber are sent to other countries and other parts of Haiti. There is also an airport, Antoine Simon Airport, with the name of a president of Haiti that was born in Les Cayes.



Spitz (dog)

Spitz-type breeds of dog have a long thick coat of fur that is often white, and pointed ears and noses. Many times, the tail is over the dog's back.

No one knows where Spitz-type dogs came from, though most seen today live in the Arctic. There is no archaeological signs showing stages between the wolf and Spitz-type dogs, but Spitz-like skeletons have been found up to 5,000 years old.

Though it is not certain for how long wolves have bred with Spitz-type dogs, it is known that humans have bred Spitz types with wolves in more recent times to get wolf-like breeds such as the Alaskan Malamute.

About 3000 years ago, dogs began to migrate from the Arctic into temperate Europe, North America, Asia, and sometimes Africa. Skeletons from around 2,000 years ago in Switzerland show that Spitz-type dogs have lived in central Europe for thousands of years. These dogs are the ancestors of the European Spitz-types, such as the German Spitz and Schipperke. Many Spitz-types also migrated into Korea and China. Later, many of these dogs were moved by humans to Japan, most likely from Korea. These Asian Spitz types are the ancestors of today's breeds such as the Chow Chow and the Akita Inu.

Through special breeding, Spitz types have evolved to help humans in three ways: hunting, herding, and pulling sleds. Smaller breeds such as the Finnish Spitz and the Lundehund were used in Scandinavia to hunt birds and smaller mammals. Larger breeds such as the Karelian Bear Dog and the Norwegian Elkhound were used for hunting large animals like moose and elk. The largest of all the Spitz types, notably the Canadian Eskimo Dog and the Greenland Dog, were used to pull sleds up until the 19th century.

Spitz types are good at living in cold northern climates. They often have a warm, water-proof layer of fur that is thicker than the outer layer of fur. Small ears help reduce the risk of frostbite, and thick fur that grows on the paws protects the dogs from sharp ice.

Many Spitz-type breeds behave like wolves in their independence and aggression towards new humans and animals. They may need much training before they become friendly. Some, like the Karelian Bear Dog, are not friendly enough to ever become companion dogs.

The cuteness of the Spitz-type have caused people to create companion dog breeds from them. The very small Pomeranian was at first a much larger dog similar to a Keeshond before being bred to make a small court animal. The Keeshond, is a friendly and loyal, though very lively, pet. Other companion Spitz-type dog breeds is the American Eskimo Dog, and the intelligent Japanese Spitz. The extinct Silky Spitz (Seidenspitz) was a longhaired silky coated white colored variety, it is said that the breed was of pomeranian and maltese dog mix. Also the Bologneserspitz or Seidenpudelspitz are extinct toy dogs.

Spitz

Spitz can mean:


Southampton F.C.

The Southampton Football Club is an English football club. They were founded in 1885 and play their home games at St Mary's Stadium.


Southend United F.C.

Southend United F.C. are an English football club. They are based in Southend-on-Sea in the county of Essex. They started in 1906 and play their home games at a stadium called Roots Hall.

Stoke City F.C.

Stoke City F.C. is an English football club based in Stoke-on-Trent. They started in 1863 as "Stoke Ramblers" which makes them the second oldest Football League club in the world. Stoke City play their home games at a stadium called the bet365 Stadium.

One of Stoke City's most famous players was Stanley Matthews.


Stanley Matthews

Sir Stanley Matthews CBE (born 1 February 1915 – 23 February 2000) was an English footballer. He was born in Stoke-on-Trent. Matthews played football for Stoke City and Blackpool. He was knighted in 1965 and died in 2000. He was the first person to be knighted for services to football.

Stoke City

Rangers

Blackpool

England

Hibernians




Blackpool F.C.

Blackpool F.C. is an English football club. They currently play in League One. The club is based in Blackpool in the county of Lancashire. They started in 1887 and play their home games at a stadium called Bloomfield Road. On the 27th January 2024 whilst playing against Charlton FC, Blackpool fans staged a minutes applause for lifelong fan Bob Gilfillan in the 61st minute who sadly passed away on the 25th January. This was met with a great reception from both home and away fans. The club won the FA Cup in 1953.


Asylum

Asylum may refer:


In music:

In entertainment:

In fiction:

In non-fiction:

In gaming

In radio

Articles of Confederation

The Articles of Confederation, formally named the Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union, was an agreement among all thirteen original states in the United States of America that served as its first constitution. All thirteen states ratified the Articles in early 1781.

In 1789, the Founding Fathers replaced the Articles with the United States Constitution and a federal form of government.

Even though the Articles of Confederation and the Constitution were created by many of the same people, the two documents were very different. The original five-paged Articles contained thirteen articles, a conclusion, and a section for signatures. The following list contains short summaries of each of the thirteen articles.

(1) The name of the confederation will be "The United States of America."

(2) Each state will continue to rule itself, except for the specific things the Articles allow the confederation government to do: "Each state [keeps] its sovereignty, freedom, and independence, and every power, jurisdiction, and right, which is not [given to the confederation government] by this Confederation..."

(3) The United States is a group of states that has come together to protect each other and help each other. The states have united "for their common defense, the security of their liberties, and their mutual and general [well-being], [coming together] to assist each other, against all force offered to, or attacks made upon them..."

(4) People in the United States have freedom of movement: anyone can pass freely between states, except for "paupers, vagabonds, and fugitives from justice." When a person travels into one state, he gets all of the rights that state gives to people that live there. If a person commits a crime in one state and runs away to another state, and he is found, he will be extradited to the state where the crime happened, and tried there.

(5) Each state gets one vote in the "Congress of the Confederation" (called the "United States in Congress Assembled"). Each state can bring a group of two to seven delegates to the Congress. Each state's legislature chooses its Members of Congress. Members of Congress cannot serve for more than three out of any six years. 

(6) Only the confederation government is allowed to conduct foreign policy (work with other countries) and to declare war. Without Congress's permission, no states may have navies or full-time armies, and no states may fight in any war. However, the Articles encouraged each state to have militias.

(7) When an army is raised for common defense, the state legislatures will choose Colonels and military ranks below Colonel.
(8) The United States will pay for things using money that the state legislatures will raise. Not every state will have to pay the same amount. States with higher property values will pay more.

(9) The confederation government has these powers: to declare war; to set weights and measures (including coins); and for Congress to serve as a final court for disagreements between states.

(10) A "Committee of the States" will be the government when Congress is not meeting.

(11) Nine states must agree before a new state is accepted into the Confederation. Canada is already approved, if it applies for membership.

(12) The Confederation accepts war debt from before the Articles.

(13) The Articles can only be changed if Congress and "all" of the state legislatures agree.

The Articles of Confederation created the Congress of the Confederation, which was formally named the "United States in Congress Assembled". It became the governing body of the United States. The Congress of the Confederation had both legislative and executive powers. This meant the Congress could make the laws and enforce the laws. The states sent delegates chosen from the state legislature. The states had one vote each.

The Committee of the States was also created by the Articles of Confederation. It was also known as Council of State. It was meant to be the government when the Congress of the Confederation was not meeting. Each state had one member. The Committee had one meeting in 1784. Why was it so difficult for the United States government under the Articles of Confederation to respond to revolts like Shay's Rebellion? The National Government could not draft an Army and use federal troops to respond to riots and revolts




History of the United States

History of the United States is what happened in the past in the United States, a country in North America.

Native Americans lived in the Americas for thousands of years. English people in 1607 went to the place now called Jamestown, Virginia. Other European settlers went to the colonies, mostly from England and later Great Britain. France, Spain, and the Netherlands also colonized North America. In 1775, a war between the thirteen colonies and Britain began when the colonists were upset over paying taxation to their government in the UK, but were not being given any chance to vote in the UK/British elections, to contribute to how that money was spent.

Just after dawn on April 19, 1775, the British attempted to disarm the Massachusetts militia at Concord, Massachusetts, thus beginning the war with the "" On July 4, 1776, Founding Fathers wrote the United States Declaration of Independence. They won the Revolutionary War and started a new country. They signed the constitution in 1787 and the Bill of Rights in 1791. General George Washington, who had led the war, became its first president. During the 19th century, the United States gained much more land in the West and began to become industrialized. In 1861, several states in the South attempted to leave the United States to start a new country called the Confederate States of America. This caused the American Civil War. After the war, Immigration resumed. Some Americans became very rich in this Gilded Age, and the country developed one of the largest economies in the world.

In the early 20th century, the United States became a world power, fighting in World War I and World War II. Between the wars, there was an economic boom called the Roaring Twenties, when many people became richer, and a bust, called the Great Depression, when most were poorer. The Great Depression ended with World War II.

The United States and the Soviet Union entered the Cold War. This included wars in Korea and Vietnam. During this time, African-Americans, Chicanos, and women sought more rights. In the 1970s and 1980s, the United States started to make fewer things in factories. The country then went through the worst recession it had since the Great Depression. In the late 1980s, the Cold War ended, helping the United States out of recession. The Middle East became more important in American foreign policy, especially after the September 11 attacks in 2001. In the 2010s, Barack Obama's presidency helped many domestic problems in the country such as the auto business and healthcare coverage. After Obama, the country saw a rise in populist politics with the presidency of Donald Trump. In 2020, the country oversaw the COVID-19 pandemic, social unrest over racial justice and disputes over the 2020 election results which led to violent reactions.

The Pre-Columbian Era is the time before Christopher Columbus went to the Americas in 1492. At that time, Native Americans lived on the land that is now controlled by the United States. They had various cultures: Native Americans in the Eastern Woodlands hunted game and deer; Native Americans in the Northwest fished; Native Americans in the Southwest grew corn and built houses called pueblos; and Native Americans in the Great Plains hunted Bison. Around the year 1000, the Vikings visited Newfoundland. However, they did not settle there.

The English tried to settle at Roanoke Island in 1585. The settlement did not last, and no one knows what happened to the people. In 1607, the first lasting English settlement was made at Jamestown, Virginia, by John Smith, John Rolfe and other Englishmen interested in gold and adventure. In its early years, many people in Virginia died of disease and starvation. The colony in Virginia lasted because it made money by planting tobacco, rice and cotton.

In 1621, a group of Englishmen called the Pilgrims settled at Plymouth, Massachusetts. A bigger colony was built at Massachusetts Bay by the Puritans in 1630. The Pilgrims and the Puritans were interested in making a better society, not looking for gold. They called this ideal society a "city on a hill". A man named Roger Williams left Massachusetts after disagreeing with the Puritans, and started the colony of Rhode Island in 1636.

Great Britain was not the only country to settle what would become the United States. In the 1500s, Spain built a fort at Saint Augustine, Florida. France settled Louisiana, and the area around the Great Lakes. The Dutch settled New York, which they called New Netherland. Other areas were settled by Scotch-Irish, Germans, and Swedes. However, in time Britain controlled all of the colonies, and most American colonists adopted the British way of life. The growth of the colonies was not good for Native Americans. Many of them died of smallpox, a disease brought to America by the Europeans. The ones who lived lost their lands to the colonists.
In the early 1700s, there was a religious movement in the colonies called the Great Awakening. Preachers such as Jonathan Edwards preached sermons. One of them was called "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God". The Great Awakening may have led to the thinking used in the American Revolution.

By 1733, there were thirteen colonies. New York City, Philadelphia, Boston, and Charleston were the largest cities and main ports at that time.

From 1756 to 1763, England and France fought a war over their land in America called the Seven Years' War or the French and Indian War, which the British won. After the war, the Royal Proclamation of 1763 said that the colonists could not live west of the Appalachian Mountains. Many colonists who wanted to move to the frontier did not like the Proclamation.

After the French and Indian War, the colonists began to think that they were not getting their "rights as freeborn Englishman". This meant they wanted to be treated fairly by the English government. This was mainly caused by new taxes the British made the colonies pay to pay for the war. Americans called this "No taxation without representation", meaning that the colonists should not have to pay taxes unless they had votes in the British Parliament. Each tax was disliked, and replaced by another which led to more unity between the colonies. In 1770, colonists in Boston known as the Sons of Liberty got in a fight with British soldiers. This became known as the Boston Massacre. After the Tea Act, the Sons of Liberty dumped hundreds of boxes of tea in the sea. This was known as the Boston Tea Party (1773). This led to the British Army taking over Boston. After that, leaders of the 13 colonies formed a group called the Continental Congress ( 1774 ). Many people were members of the Continental Congress, but some of the more important ones were Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, John Hancock, Roger Sherman and John Jay.

In 1776, Thomas Paine wrote a pamphlet called "Common Sense". It argued that the colonies should be free of English rule. This was based on the English ideas of natural rights and social contract put forth by John Locke and others. On July 4, 1776, people from the 13 colonies agreed to the United States Declaration of Independence. This said that they were free and independent states, and were not part of England any more. The colonists were already fighting Britain in the Revolutionary War at this time. The Revolutionary War started in 1775 at Lexington and Concord. Though American soldiers under George Washington lost many battles to the British, they won a major victory at Saratoga in 1777. This led to France and Spain joining the war on the side of the Americans. In 1781, an American victory at Yorktown helped by the French led Britain to decide to stop fighting and give up the colonies. America had won the war and its independence.

In 1781, the colonies formed a confederation of states under the Articles of Confederation, but it lasted only six years. It gave almost all the power to the states and very little to the central government. The confederation had no president. It could not remove Native Americans or the British from the frontier, nor could it stop mob uprisings such as Shays' Rebellion. After Shays' Rebellion, many people thought the Articles of Confederation were not working.
In 1787, a constitution was written. Many of the people who helped write the Constitution, such as Washington, James Madison, Alexander Hamilton and Gouverneur Morris, were among the major thinkers in America at the time. Some of these men would later hold important offices in the new government. The constitution created a stronger national government that had three branches: executive (the President and his staff), legislative (Congress, the House of Representatives and the Senate), and judicial (the federal courts).

Some states agreed to the Constitution very quickly. In other states, many people did not like the Constitution because it gave more power to the central government and had no bill of rights. To try and get the Constitution passed, Madison, Hamilton and Jay wrote a series of newspaper articles called the "Federalist Papers". Very soon after, the Bill of Rights was added. This was a set of 10 amendments (changes), that limited the government's power and guaranteed rights to the citizens. Like the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution is a social contract between the people and the government. The main idea of the Constitution is that the government is a republic (a representative democracy) elected by the people, who all have the same rights. However, this was not true at first, when only white males who owned property could vote. Because of state laws as well as the 14th, 15th, 19th, 24th and 26th Amendments, almost all American citizens who are at least 18 years old can vote today.

In 1789, Washington was elected the first President. He defined how a person should act as President and retired after two terms. During Washington's term, there was a Whiskey Rebellion, where country farmers tried to stop the government from collecting taxes on whiskey. In 1795, Congress passed the Jay Treaty, which allowed for increased trade with Britain in exchange for the British giving up their forts on the Great Lakes. However, Great Britain was still doing things that hurt the U.S., such as impressment (making American sailors join the British Royal Navy).

John Adams defeated Thomas Jefferson in the election of 1796 to become the second President of the United States. This was the first American election that was between two political parties. As president, Adams made the army and navy larger. He also got the Alien and Sedition Acts passed, which were much disliked.

In the election of 1800, Jefferson defeated Adams. One of the most important things he did as President was to make the Louisiana Purchase from France, which made the United States twice as big. Jefferson sent Lewis and Clark to map the Louisiana Purchase. Jefferson also tried to stop trade with England and France so that the United States would not become involved in a war the two countries were fighting. Fighting broke out between the United States and England in 1812 when James Madison was President. This was called the War of 1812.

One of the problems of this period was slavery. By 1861, over three million African-Americans were enslaved in the South. This means that they worked for other people, but had no freedom and received no money for their work. Most worked picking cotton on large plantations. Cotton became the main crop in the South after Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin in 1793. There were a few slave rebellions against slavery, including one led by Nat Turner. All of these rebellions failed. The South wanted to keep slavery, but by the time of the Civil War, many people in the North wanted to end it. Another argument between the North and South was about the role of government. The South wanted stronger state governments, but the North wanted a stronger central government.
After the War of 1812 the Federalist Party faded away, leaving an "Era of Good Feelings" in which only one party was important, under Presidents James Madison and James Monroe. Under Monroe, the United States' policy in North America was the Monroe Doctrine, which suggested that Europe should stop trying to control the United States and other independent countries in the Americas. Around this time, Congress called for something called the "American System". The American System meant spending money on banking, transportation and communication. Due to the American System, bigger cities and more factories were built. One of the big transportation projects of this time was the Erie Canal, a canal in the state of New York. By the 1840s, railroads were built as well as canals. By 1860, thousands of miles of railroads and telegraph lines had been built in the United States, mostly in the Northeast and Midwest.

In the early 19th century, the industrial revolution came to America. Many factories were built in Northern cities such as Lowell, Massachusetts. Most of them made clothes. Many factory workers were women, and some were children or people from Ireland or Germany. Despite this industrialization, America was still a nation of farmers.
In the early and mid-1800s, there was a religious movement called the Second Great Awakening. Thousands of people gathered at large religious meetings called revivals. They thought they could bring about a Golden Age in America through religion. New religious movements such as the Holiness Movement and the Mormons started, and groups like the Methodist Church grew. The Second Great Awakening led to two movements in reform, that is, changing laws and behaviors to make society better. One of these was the Temperance Movement, which believed that drinking alcohol was evil. The other was abolitionism, which tried to end slavery. People such as Harriet Beecher Stowe and William Lloyd Garrison wrote books and newspapers saying that slavery should stop. They also formed political movements, which included the Liberty Party, the Free Soil Party and the Republican Party. Some abolitionists, such as Frederick Douglass, were former slaves. By 1820, slavery was very rare in the North, but continued in the South.

In the 19th century, there was something called the “cult of domesticity” for many American women. This meant that most married women were expected to stay in the home and raise children. As in other countries, American wives were very much under the control of their husband, and had almost no rights. Women who were not married had only a few jobs open to them, such as working in clothing factories and serving as maids. By the 19th century, women such as Lucretia Mott and Elizabeth Cady Stanton thought that women should have more rights. In 1848, many of these women met and agreed to fight for more rights for women, including voting. Many of the women involved in the movement for women’s rights were also involved in the movement to end slavery.

In 1828, Andrew Jackson was elected President. He was the first president elected from the Democratic Party. He changed the government in many ways. Since many of his supporters were poor people who had not voted before, he rewarded them with government jobs, which is called "spoils" or "patronage". Because of Jackson, a new party was formed to run against him called the Whigs. This was called the "Second Party System". Jackson was very much against the National Bank. He saw it as a symbol of Whigs and of powerful American businessmen. Jackson also called for a high import tax that the South did not like. They called it the "Tariff of Abominations". Jackson’s Vice-President, John C. Calhoun, was from the South. He wrote that the South should stop the tariff and perhaps leave the Union (secession). These words would be used again during the Civil War.

People started to move west of the Mississippi River and the Rocky Mountains at this time. The first people who moved west were people who caught and sold animal skins such as John Colter and Jim Bridger. By the 1840s, many people were moving to Oregon by wagon, and even more people went west after the California Gold Rush of 1849. Many new states were added to the first thirteen, mostly in the Midwest and South before the Civil War and in the West after the Civil War. During this period, Native Americans lost much of their land. They had lost military battles to the Americans at Tippecanoe and in the Seminole War. In the 1830s, Indians were being pushed out of the Midwest and South by events such as the Trail of Tears and the Black Hawk War. By the 1840s, most Native Americans had been moved west of the Mississippi River.

In 1845, Texas, which was a nation after it left Mexico, joined the United States. Mexico did not like this, and the Americans wanted the land Mexico had on the West Coast (“Manifest Destiny”). This led to the U.S. and Mexico fighting a war called the Mexican-American War. During the war, the U.S captured the cities of San Francisco, Los Angeles, Monterrey, Veracruz and Mexico City. As a result of the war, the U.S. gained land in California and much of the American Southwest. Many people in the North did not like this war, because they thought it was just good for Southern slave states.

In the 1840s and 1850s, people in the Northern states and people in the Southern states did not agree whether slavery was right or wrong in the territories—parts of the United States that were not yet states. People in the government tried to make deals to stop a war. Some deals were the Compromise of 1850 and the Kansas-Nebraska Act, but they did not really work to keep the Union together. People in the South were angry at books like "Uncle Tom’s Cabin" that said that slavery was wrong. People in the North did not like a Supreme Court decision called Dred Scott that kept Scott a slave. People from the South and people from the North started killing each other in Kansas over slavery. This was called "Bleeding Kansas". One of the people from Bleeding Kansas, John Brown, took over a town in Virginia in 1859 to make a point about slavery being wrong and to try to get slaves to fight their owners.

In the election of 1860, the Democratic Party split and the Republican candidate for President, Abraham Lincoln, was elected. After this, many Southern states left the Union. Eventually, eleven states left. They tried to start a new country called the Confederate States of America, or the "Confederacy". A war started between the Union (North) and the Confederacy (South). Not having factories made it harder for Southern soldiers to get guns or uniforms. The South could not get supplies because Northern ships blockaded the Southern coast.

Early in the war, Confederate generals such as Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson won battles over Union generals such as George B. McClellan and Ambrose Burnside. In 1862 and 1863, the Union Army tried to take the Confederate capital of Richmond, Virginia several times, but failed each time. Lee's army invaded the North twice, but was turned back at Antietam and Gettysburg. In the middle of war, Lincoln made the Emancipation Proclamation, which freed all slaves in the Confederacy, and started letting black men fight in the Union Army. The war started going the Union’s way after the battles of Gettysburg and Vicksburg in 1863. Gettysburg stopped Lee from invading the North, and Vicksburg gave the Union control over the Mississippi River. In 1864, a Union Army under William T. Sherman marched through Georgia and destroyed much of it. By 1865, Union General Ulysses S. Grant had taken Richmond and forced Lee to give up the fight at Appomattox.

In April 1865, Lincoln was shot and killed while watching a play. The new president, Andrew Johnson, had to go through the process of reconstruction, which was putting the United States back together after the Civil War. During this time, the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution were passed, freeing slaves, making them citizens and allowing them to vote. Congress was run by "Radical Republicans", who wanted to punish the South after the Civil War. They did not like Johnson, and almost removed him from office. They also sent many soldiers to the South, installed unpopular "scalawag" governments, and made the South pass the 14th and 15th Amendments. The South did not like this, so they made "Jim Crow" laws that placed blacks in lower roles. White Southern Democrats started a group called the Ku Klux Klan that attacked blacks and stopped them from voting.
During this time, many people moved to the United States from other countries, such as Ireland, Italy, Germany, Eastern Europe, and China. Many of them worked in large factories and lived in big cities, such as New York City, Chicago, and Boston, often in small, poor, close-together apartments called "tenements" or "slums". They often were used by "political machines", who gave them jobs and money in exchange for votes.

Major politicians were chosen by political machines and were corrupt. The government could do little and leaders of big businesses often had more power than the government. At this time, there were several very big businesses called trusts. People who ran trusts made millions of dollars while paying their workers low wages. Some of these people were John D. Rockefeller, Andrew Carnegie, and J.P. Morgan.

After the Civil War, people continued to move west where new states were formed. People now could get free land in the West due to an 1862 law called the Homestead Act. Most of the land in the West was owned by the government, railroads, or large farmers. The Transcontinental Railroad, finished in 1869, helped get people and goods from the west to the rest of the country. Chicago became the center of trade between West and East because many rail lines met there. There were problems between the white settlers and the native Indians as more people began to move west. Because of this, many more Indians were killed at battles such as Wounded Knee. Almost all the Indians' land was taken away by laws like the Dawes Act.

Many Americans thought the railroads charged farmers so much money that it made them poor. Workers led several strikes against the railroad that were put down by the army. Also, farmers started groups to fight the railroad, such as the Grange. These groups became the Populist Movement, which almost won the presidency under William Jennings Bryan. The Populists wanted reforms such as an income tax and direct election of Senators. The Populist Party died out after 1896. Many of the things the Populists wanted would happen during the Progressive Era.

In the United States, progressivism is the belief that the government should have a larger role in the everyday life of Americans to provide good living standards for people, especially workers. Imperialism was the belief that the U.S. should build a stronger navy and conquer land.

In the late nineteenth and early 20th centuries, the U.S. started being more active in foreign affairs. In 1898, the United States fought a war with Spain called the Spanish–American War. The United States won, and gained Puerto Rico, Guam, Guantanamo and the Philippines. Combined with the purchase of Alaska and the taking-over of Hawaii, the United States had gained all the territory it has today, plus some it would later lose after World War II. Around this time, the U.S. and European nations opened up trade with China. This was because they had beaten China in the Opium Wars and the Boxer Rebellion. The U.S. and Europe were able to trade with China through the Open Door Policy.

In 1901, Republican Theodore Roosevelt became President. He had been a soldier in the Spanish–American War. He called for a foreign policy known as the "Big Stick". This meant having a large navy and exercising control over Latin America. Between 1901 and 1930, the United States sent soldiers into Latin America several times. When Roosevelt was president, work was begun on the Panama Canal, a link between the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans that made travel around the world much faster.

During this time, people started to notice the poor condition of American cities. A group of people called the “muckrakers” wrote books and newspaper articles about subjects like the power of big business, unclean practices in factories, and the condition of poor people. Roosevelt and Congress answered their concerns with laws such as the Pure Food and Drug Act. The Act controlled the way food was made to make sure it was safe. Another response to the muckrakers was something called "trust-busting", where big businesses were broken up into smaller ones. The biggest business broken up this way was the Standard Oil Company in 1911.

In 1912, Woodrow Wilson became President. He was a Progressive, but not quite the same as Roosevelt. He fought the "triple wall of privilege", which was big business, taxes, and fees on goods coming into the United States. During this time, the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution were passed. They allowed for a federal income tax and direct election of U.S. Senators.

The United States did not want to enter World War I but wanted to sell weapons to both sides. In 1915 a German submarine sank a ship carrying Americans called the "Lusitania". This angered Americans, and Germany stopped attacking passenger ships. In January 1917 Germany started attacking them again, and sent the Zimmerman Telegram to Mexico about invading the U.S. The United States joined the war against Germany, and it ended a year later. Wilson worked to create an international organization called the League of Nations. The main goal of the League was preventing war. However, the United States did not join because isolationists rejected the peace treaty. At the end of World War I, a flu pandemic killed millions of people in the U.S. and Europe. After the war, the United States was one of the richest and most powerful nations in the world.

The 1920s were an era of growth and increased wealth for the United States. Many Americans began buying consumer products, such as Model T Fords and appliances. Advertising became very important to American life. During this time, many black people moved out of the South and into large cities such as New York City, Chicago, St. Louis and Los Angeles. They brought with them jazz music, which is why the 1920s are called the "Jazz Age". The 1920s were also the Prohibition Era after the Eighteenth Amendment passed. During the 1920s, drinking alcohol was illegal, but many Americans drank it anyway. This led to much rum-running and violent crime.

Racism was strong in the 1920s. The Ku Klux Klan was powerful once again, and attacked black people, Catholics, Jews and immigrants. People blamed the war and problems in business on immigrants and labor leaders, whom they said were Bolsheviks (Russian communists). Many people also thought that the United States had lost touch with religion. They handled that by changing religion, and some of them by attacking science.
After World War I, the United States had an isolationist foreign policy. That meant it did not want to enter into another global war. It passed laws and treaties that supposedly would end war forever, and refused to sell weapons to its former allies.

In 1921, Warren G. Harding became President. He believed that the best way to make the economy good was for the government to be friendly to big business by cutting taxes and regulating less. While the economy was doing very well under these policies, America had the largest difference between how much money the rich had and how much money the poor had. Harding's presidency had several problems. The biggest one was Teapot Dome over oil drilling in the Navy Oil Reserve. Harding died in 1923, and Calvin Coolidge became President. Coolidge believed that the government should keep out of business, just like Harding, and continued many of Harding's policies. Coolidge chose not to seek the presidency in 1928 and Herbert Hoover became president.

In 1929, a Great Depression hit the United States. The stock market crashed (lost much of its value). Many banks ran out of money and closed. By 1932, over a quarter of the nation had no jobs, and much of the nation was poor or unemployed. Many people were driven off farms, not only because of the Depression, but also because of a storm known as the "Dust Bowl" and because farmers had not been doing well during the 1920s.

President Hoover tried to do something about the Depression, but it did not work. In 1932, he was defeated and Franklin D. Roosevelt became President. He created the New Deal. It was a series of government programs which would give relief (to the people who were hurt by the bad economy), recovery (to make the economy better), and reform (to make sure a depression never happens again).

The New Deal had many programs such as Social Security, the National Recovery Administration (regulated wages), Works Progress Administration (built thousands of roads, schools, government buildings and works of art), the Civilian Conservation Corps (gave young people jobs to help the environment), and Tennessee Valley Authority (built dams and electric lines in the South). These programs put millions of Americans to work, though often at low pay. Many of these programs were started early in Roosevelt's term in a time called the "Hundred Days" or in 1935 in a time called the "Second New Deal". Programs like Social Security grew out of populist movements by people such as Huey Long that were called "Share Our Wealth" and "Ham and Eggs". The New Deal also led to the rise of worker's unions such as the Congress of Industrial Organizations.

The New Deal is often called the period that "saved capitalism", and stopped America from becoming a Communist or Fascist state. Although the New Deal improved the economy, it did not end the Great Depression. The Great Depression was ended by World War II.

As World War II was beginning, the United States said they would not get involved in it. Most Americans thought the United States should remain neutral, and some people thought the United States should enter the war on the side of the Germans. Eventually, the U.S. did try to help the Allied Powers (Soviet Union, Britain, and France) with the Lend Lease Act. It gave the Allies a lot of money and guns in trade for use of air bases throughout the world.

On December 7, 1941, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor, a U.S.Naval base in Hawaii. The U.S. was no longer neutral, and it declared war on the Axis Powers (Germany, Japan, Italy). The U.S. entering World War II ended the Great Depression because the war created many jobs. While some of the battles the U.S. fought in were air and naval battles with Japan, the U.S. mainly fought in Europe and Africa. The U.S. opened up several fronts, including in North Africa and Italy. The U.S. also bombed Germany from airplanes, blowing up German cities and factories. On June 6, 1944 (D-Day), American and British forces invaded Normandy. A year later, the Allies had freed France and taken Berlin. In 1945, Roosevelt died, and Harry Truman became president. The U.S. decided to drop two atomic bombs on Japan. Japan gave up soon afterwards, and the war ended.

The war meant different things for women and minorities. During the war, many women worked in weapons factories. They were symbolized by a character called "Rosie the Riveter". Many African-Americans served in the army, but often in segregated units with white officers. Japanese-Americans on the West Coast were forced to live in internment camps, though a few also served in the Army.

After World War II, the Soviet Union and the United States were the two most powerful countries left in the world. The Cold War was a period of tension between the two countries over ways of life. The two countries tried to get other countries on their side. The Soviet Union tried to get countries to become Communist and the United States tried to stop them from being Communist. American and Soviet soldiers never fought in battles, but they fought indirectly in the Korean War (1950s) and the Vietnam War (1950s–1970s).
The Korean War lasted only a few years, but led to American soldiers being in Korea since then. The Vietnam War lasted much longer. It started with a few American troops in Vietnam, but by the 1960s thousands of Americans were being sent to Vietnam. Both wars were between a Northern Communist government helped by the Soviet Union and Communist China and a Southern government helped by the U.S. The Korean War resulted in a split Korea, but the Vietnam War resulted in a Communist Vietnam after the United States left due to American people wanting to end the war. Over a quarter million Americans died or were wounded in Vietnam, which was very much a military failure. The U.S. and Soviet Union argued about where they could place nuclear weapons. One of these arguments was the Cuban Missile Crisis. During the Cuban Missile Crisis, the U.S. and Soviet Union came very close to attacking each other with nuclear weapons.

During the Cold War, the United States had a "Red Scare" where the government tried to find people it thought were Communist. The House of Representatives had a group called the House Un-American Activities Committee to deal with this, and Joseph McCarthy led hearings in the Senate. The Red Scare led to people losing their jobs, going to jail, and even being executed. Many actors and authors were put on blacklists, which meant they could not get jobs in movies or get credit for their writings.

The Cold War began with an arms race between the United States and the Soviet Union to see who could have more and better weapons. This started after the Soviets were the second country to develop an atomic bomb. In the United States, this started something called the "Military Industrial Complex", which meant business and government working together to spend a lot of money on large-scale weapons projects. Business and government helped each other to get more money and more power. Part of the Complex was something called the Marshall Plan, which rebuilt Europe while making them buy American goods. The Complex allowed for a growing middle class, but also kept the Cold War going.

Besides the arms race, another part of the Cold War was the "Space Race". This started when the Soviets launched a satellite into space called "Sputnik" in 1957. Americans became worried that the United States was falling behind the Soviet Union, and made their schools focus more on mathematics and science. Within a few years, both the United States and the Soviet Union had sent satellites, animals and people into orbit. In 1969 the "Apollo 11" mission put Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin on the Moon.

United States foreign policy changed in the 1970s when the United States left Vietnam and Richard Nixon left office due to a political scandal called Watergate. In the 1970s and 1980s, the United States had a policy of "detente" with the Soviet Union. This meant that the two countries signed treaties to stop use of weapons. Under Nixon and Reagan, the United States sent troops and money to many Latin American governments to stop them from being Communist. This led to violence in Latin America. Around this time, the economy suffered because the United States was not making as many things as it used to, and because some countries in the Middle East were not giving the U.S. as much oil as it wanted (this was called an "oil embargo"). The Middle East became very important in American foreign policy after several Americans were kidnapped in Iran in 1979. In the 1980s, people in the U.S. government sold weapons to people in Iran and gave the money to "contra" soldiers in Nicaragua. This was called the "Iran-Contra affair". In the 1970s and 1980s, the U.S. normalized relations with China. The Cold War came to an end as Communist governments in the Soviet Union and other countries fell apart.

The United States once again had prosperity. Millions of white people moved out of the cities and into suburbs, and into Southern and Western states known as the "Sunbelt". They bought new cars and television sets. The birth rate in the 1940s and 1950s rose, in what was called the "Baby Boom" The "Space Age" inspired "Googie" style art and architecture. Many more people became part of the middle class, but there were still many people who were poor.

Poverty was most common among African-Americans. Most lived in poor neighborhoods in Northern cities, or in the South where they faced racism and "Jim Crow" segregation. These conditions led to the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s, led by Martin Luther King Jr. and others. In 1954, the Supreme Court found school segregation illegal in "Brown v. Board of Education", though it would be several years before school segregation was ended. In 1955, King led a bus boycott in Montgomery, Alabama. In the late 1950s and 1960s, King got help from Presidents John F. Kennedy, who was shot, and Lyndon B. Johnson. In 1963, he led a march on Washington calling for civil rights. Soon after, Congress passed laws that made most segregation illegal. Johnson also passed a program called the Great Society that helped poor people and minorities.

Gays and lesbians, who had often been persecuted, also started to ask for rights, beginning with the Stonewall riots in 1969. Chicanos, Native Americans, old people, consumers, and people with disabilities also fought for rights, as did women. Though women had had jobs during World War II, most of them went back to the home after the war. Women did not like that they often held jobs that paid less than men or that fewer opportunities were open to them. People like Betty Freidan and Gloria Steinem founded groups such as the National Organization for Women to try and solve these problems. NOW and other groups wanted an Equal Rights Amendment that would guarantee them equality in all areas. In the 1970s and 1980s, many more jobs and opportunities were opened to women. There were some women like Phyllis Schlafly who opposed Freidan and Steinem and were known as "anti-feminists". It was partly because of the anti-feminists that the Equal Rights Amendment was defeated, but also because women had already gained equality in many areas and they did not want to be drafted into the army.

In the 1960s, the counterculture was created. Some of the followers of the counterculture were called hippies. They had long hair, and lived communally, smoking marijuana and practicing free love. The counterculture, along with college students, were the groups most against the Vietnam War. They also were the groups that listened to new music known as rock and roll.

In 1973, the Supreme Court issued a decision called "Roe v. Wade", which made many abortions legal. The many changes led to a reaction by Jerry Falwell and other conservatives who called themselves the "Religious Right" and the "Moral Majority".

Ronald Reagan was elected President in 1980. He defeated incumbent Jimmy Carter by winning 44 out of the 50 American states. During the Reagan Era, the country was facing through inflation, a bad economy, and the American foreign policy were not as good. When Ronald Reagan became president, he signed the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981 which lowered taxes for corporations, supposedly so they could reinvest the surplus profits back into business. During Reagan's presidency, he expanded the American military creating more jobs, but also raising the deficit due to overspending. During his first term, the economy went from a 4.5% to 7.2%.

In 1984, Reagan won in a major landslide by winning 49 out of the 50 American states. During his second term, Reagan focused on ending the Cold War. He held many meetings between Margaret Thatcher, Pope John Paul II, and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev. They first met at the Geneva Summit in 1985. Later they both discovered their passion of ending the war. Reagan met four times with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, who ascended to power in 1985, and their summit conferences led to the signing of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty.

Also during his second term, Reagan's Invasion of Grenada and bombing of Libya were popular in the US, though his backing of the Contras rebels was mired in the controversy over the Iran–Contra affair that revealed Reagan's poor management style.

Since leaving office in 1989, Reagan became one of the most popular Presidents of the United States.

In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Republican President Ronald Reagan brought the Cold War to an end. This was due to the Russian leader Mikhail Gorbachev starting a policy called perestroika, the fall of the Berlin Wall, and the Soviet Union breaking into different countries. Around this time, the United States cut down on its production of cheap goods, and had many people working in service jobs. Part of these service jobs were in computers and the internet, which came into wide use in the 1990s. By this time, the United States had a very large trade deficit, meaning it received more goods from other countries, such as China, than it sent to other countries.

The Middle East became the main focus of U.S. foreign policy. In 1991, the United States fought a war with Iraq called the First Gulf War or Operation Desert Storm. This was to stop Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein from occupying Kuwait, a small oil-producing country.

In 1992, Bill Clinton became President. Under Clinton, the United States sent soldiers into Bosnia as part of a United Nations mission. The United States also agreed to a trade pact called the North American Free Trade Agreement (and repealed Glass–Steagall Legislation). Clinton was impeached for lying in court about his relationship with Monica Lewinsky, but the Senate voted against removing him as President.

In 2000, George W. Bush was elected President. Terrorists attacked the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. Thousands of people died. Soon after the attacks, the U.S. and NATO went to Afghanistan to find Osama bin Laden and others who they believed planned the September 11 attacks. In 2003, the United States invaded Iraq. The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have lasted many years. By 2011, American soldiers started leaving Iraq, and combat there started to slow down.

In 2005, the southern United States was hit by Hurricane Katrina. Much of the city of New Orleans was destroyed. In 2006, the Democrats won back Congress because Americans did not like the way Bush dealt with War in Iraq or Katrina.

Barack Obama was elected President in 2008. The United States had entered the worst recession since the Great Depression a while before. Barack Obama was the first African-American President of the United States. During his first years in office, Obama and Congress passed reforms on health care and banking, skyrocketing the cost of health insurance. They also passed a large stimulus bill to try to help the economy during the recession, but it only ultimately extended it's duration. During the recession, the government used large amounts of money to keep the banking and auto industries from falling apart. There was also a large oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. In 2010, Congress passed the Patient Protecton and Affordable Care Act, a sweeping overhaul of the health care system. Dubbed "Obamacare", it was faced with fierce criticism from conservative media, as it exponentially increased the cost of health care. However, it was praised by Democrats who said it helped give more people access to healthcare. It continues to be a big deal to this day.

A "Tea Party movement" started during Obama's presidency. This group opposes Obama's health care plan and other policies they see as "big government." Due to the recession, the Tea Party and a dislike of what Obama did, Republicans won a large number of House and Senate seats in the 2010 election. In 2011, Tea Party members of Congress almost shut down the government and sent the U.S. into default (not being able to pay people the government owes money). A few months later, many young people protested against organized and concentrated wealth during the Occupy movement. In 2012, Obama was reelected to a second term. Following reelection, Obama faced major obstruction from Congressional Republicans. This polarization in the political atmosphere and the media, lead to events such as the 2013 Federal Government Shutdown and the stalling of Obama's Supreme Court pick, Judge Merrick Garland to replace Justice Antonio Scalia. In 2014, Republicans took control of both houses of Congress, further adding to the gridlock. In foreign policy, President Obama helped craft the Paris Climate Agreement, a major global commitment to fighting "climate change". He also forged the Iran Nuclear Agreement, which was widely seen as an enormous failure. He also opened relations with Cuba for the first time in fifty years.

The 2016 presidential election attracted much attention. Main popular candidates of the election were Republicans Donald Trump and Senator Ted Cruz and Democrats Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders. Trump and Clinton won their respective primaries. On November 9, 2016, Trump defeated Clinton. Trump was inaugurated on January 20, 2017. Afterwards, there were many protests against Trump across the country.

On January 27, President Trump signed an executive order that stopped refugees from entering the country for 120 days and denied entry to citizens of Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen for 90 days, citing security concerns about terrorism. The next day, thousands of protesters gathered at airports and other locations throughout the United States to protest the signing of the order and detainment of the foreign nationals. Later, the administration seemed to reverse a portion of part of the order, effectively exempting visitors with a green card.

On May 3, 2017, Puerto Rico filed for bankruptcy after a massive debt and weak economy. It is the largest bankruptcy case in American history.

On September 24, 2019, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi announced that the House of Representatives would begin an impeachment inquiry into Trump. On October 31, 2019, the House voted 232–196 to created procedures for public hearings. On December 16, the House Judiciary Committee released a report specifying criminal bribery and wire fraud charges as part of the abuse of power charge. The house voted to impeach Trump on December 18, 2019, making him the third president in American history to be impeached. No conclusive evidence of any criminal wrongdoing has ever been found or produced concerning President Trump. 

During most of 2020, the United States was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic that has impacted the world. The country became the highest infected and the most people dead from the infection, although there is much criticism concerning how the data was gathered. The Trump administration received negative responses for their handling of the virus, despite the very successful Operation "warp speed" that produces the first vaccine to fight the virus. Some people refuse to wear surgical masks to help stop the transmission of the virus. In some states, governors locked-down their states in an attempt to stop the spreading of the virus. 

Starting in May 2020, racial tensions in the country began to intensify through the police murder of George Floyd causing massive protests and rioting across the country. The Black Lives Matter movement began in grow popularity through mixed reception.

On November 7, 2020 former Vice President Joe Biden defeated President Trump in the country's highest voter turnout presidential election. Biden became the oldest person elected to the office and the first to be from the state of Delaware. Biden's running mate, U.S. Senator Kamala Harris was the first woman, African-American and Asian-American to be elected Vice President or any high-ranking elected office in the country.

On January 6, 2021 while members of the United States Congress met to certify Biden's electoral victory, alleged supporters of President Trump stormed into the United States Capitol attempting to overthrow the results of the 2020 election. Five people died. This led to the United States House of Representatives to impeach Trump for a second time, making him the only U.S. President to be impeached twice.

Following Biden's election, the date for US troops to withdraw from Afghanistan was moved back from April to August 31, 2021. In Afghanistan, the withdrawal coincided with the 2021 Taliban offensive, culminating in the fall of Kabul. Following a massive airlift of over 120,000 people, the US military mission formally ended on August 30, 2021.
On June 24, 2022, the Supreme Court, in a landmark ruling, determined that abortion is not a protected right under the Consititution. The ruling, "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization" overturned "Roe v. Wade" and "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" and sparked protests outside of the Supreme Court building and across the country.

Ketanji Brown Jackson succeeded Justice Breyer upon his retirement from the court on June 30, 2022. She became the first black woman and the first former federal public defender to serve on the Supreme Court upon her swearing in. 

The United States faces many political issues. One of these is what kind of government the United States should become. Liberals want a large government, while the Tea Party and other groups want a smaller government. One of these debates is over health care. Health care costs have risen. Conservatives and liberals also disagree on social issues such as abortion and gay marriage. Many more people have come to accept gays and gay marriage as an acceptable part of American society. There are also many trends and developments that the U.S. must deal with. One of these is immigration. Many people are coming to the U.S. from Latin America and Asia, especially Mexico. This is called the "browning of America". Baby Boomer Americans are getting older and a larger fraction of the people are retired. Other issues facing the United States are a growing concern about the environment. This has led to the creation of many "green jobs," or jobs that create clean or renewable energy, often overlooking the negative effects that can occur from these initiatives, such as droughts caused by mining lithium for electric car batteries.








Exponential function

In mathematics, the exponential function is a function that grows quicker and quicker. More precisely, it is the function formula_1, where e is Euler's constant, an irrational number that is approximately 2.71828. 

Because exponential functions use exponentiation, they follow the same exponent rules. Thus,

This follows the rule that formula_3.

The natural logarithm is the inverse operation of an exponential function, where:

The exponential function satisfies an interesting and important property in differential calculus:
This means that the slope of the exponential function is the exponential function itself, and as a result has a slope of 1 at formula_6. These properties are the reason it is an important function in mathematics.

The general exponential function, where the base is not necessarily formula_7, is among the most useful of mathematical functions. It is used to represent exponential growth, which has uses in virtually all scientific disciplines and is also prominent in finance. Another application of the exponential function is exponential decay, which occurs in radioactive decay and the absorption of light.

One example of an exponential function in real life would be interest in a bank. If a person deposits £100 into an account which gets 3% interest a month, then the balance each month (assuming the money is untouched) would be as follows:
The extra money from interest increases each month, in that the greater the original balance, the more interest the person will get.

Two mathematical examples of exponential functions (with base "a") are shown below.

a=2

a=3

Even though the base (formula_8) can be any number bigger than zero, for example, 10 or 1/2, often it is a special number called e. The number "e" cannot be written exactly, but it is almost equal to 2.71828.

The number "e" is important to every exponential function. For example, a bank pays interest of 0.01 percent every day. One person takes his interest money and puts it in a box. After 10,000 days (about 30 years), he has twice as much money as he started with. Another person takes his interest money and puts it back into the bank. Because the bank now pays him interest on his interest, the amount of money is an exponential function. 

In fact, after 10,000 days, he does not have 2 times as much money as he started with, but he has 2.718145 times as much money as he started with. This number is very close to the number "e". If the bank pays interest more often, so the amount paid each time is less, then the number will be closer to the number "e".

A person can also look at the picture to see why the number "e" is important for exponential functions. The picture has three different curves. The curve with the black points is an exponential function with a base slightly smaller than "e". The curve with the short black lines is an exponential function with a base slightly bigger than "e". The blue curve is an exponential function with a base exactly equal to "e". The red line is a tangent to the blue curve. It touches the blue curve at one point without crossing it. A person can see that the red curve crosses the "x"-axis, the line that goes from left to right at -1. This is true only for the blue curve. This is the reason that the exponential function with the base "e" is special.


Computer file

A computer file is a means to store information that belongs together. Computer files can be opened (read and written) by computer programs. Usually they are stored on some kind of file system.

There are different kinds of computer files that hold different kinds of data (information):


The way the information is organized in a file is called the file format.

Data format

Data format in information technology can mean:

File (tool)

A file is a tool used to shape materials, by wearing away some of it. Today, files are usually made of a steel bar that has a rough surface. By rubbing the surface against a material, some of the material is scraped away. There are also nail files used to shape a person's fingernails. Files can also make a surface smooth so that there are no gaps, which is useful when two surfaces need to be attached to each other. A file is "blunt" if it is the same size on both ends, and "tapered" if one end is smaller than the other.

Sheffield Wednesday F.C.

Sheffield Wednesday F.C. is an English football club. They are based in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. They play their home matches at a stadium called Hillsborough Stadium. They originally played at a stadium called Olive Grove Stadium and were called The Wednesday.

The club plays in the English Football League Championship.

Fans of Sheffield Wednesday are referred to as Owls. The team's symbol is an owl.



De Wallen

De Wallen (""thin walls"") are the biggest and most famous red-light district in Amsterdam. It is in the very old (14th century) part of the city around the Oude Kerk and Oudezijds Achterburgwal/Vorburgwal.

In December 2007, the mayor of Amsterdam and his government decided to buy many of brothelhouses within De Wallen. By doing this, the area used for prostitution and coffee shops gets smaller and smaller.

Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.

Wolverhampton Wanderers are an English association football club. They are based in Wolverhampton, West Midlands. The club started in 1877 and play their home games at a stadium called Molineux Stadium. They have never won the FA Cup.

In 2009 they won the Football League Championship. This meant they were promoted into the Premier League for the following season. Also promoted were runners-up Birmingham City F.C., and Burnley F.C. from the play-offs.


A.F.C. Bournemouth

Association Football Club Bournemouth, known in short name as A.F.C. Bournemouth, are an English football club. They are based in Bournemouth and play their home games at a stadium called the Vitality Stadium. They started in 1899 and have had Harry Redknapp as a manager and his son Jamie Redknapp as a player. They are currently in the Premier League.



Jamie Redknapp

Jamie Redknapp (born 25 June 1973) is an English footballer. He was born in Barton on Sea, Hampshire. He played for Liverpool, Tottenham Hotspur, Bournemouth and Southampton. His father, Harry Redknapp, is the manager of Portsmouth F.C.

Redknapp married R&B singer Louise Nurding in 1998.

Liverpool

England U21

Bradford City A.F.C.

Bradford City A.F.C. is an English football club. They are based in Bradford, West Yorkshire. They began in 1903 and play their home games in a stadium called Valley Parade. 

Arenal Volcano National Park

Arenal Volcano National Park is a national park in the northwest region of Costa Rica. It is between the mountain pass of the Tilarán Mountain Range and the Plains of San Carlos. A part of the park belongs to San Ramón.

The main characteristic of this national park is the Arenal Volcano. It is an almost perfect cone with a height of 1633 m. The volcano has regular eruptions which create one of the most extraordinary natural landscapes of Costa Rica.

The park many different types of plants and animals. Some of the more interesting plants are Guayabo mountain, Ceiba, Cirri, Laurel, Higuerones, Pilon, Guarumo, Balsa, different species of palms, heliconias, orchids, ferns and bromeliads including "Pitcaimia Funkiae".

The main species of animals are sloths, birds like lapas, parrots and quetzals, snakes like lora snake, velvet snake and the boa constrictor, 35 species of fish and 135 species of reptiles including turtles. There are also tapirs, deers, jaguars, sahínos, pizotes, Congo monkeys, and cappuccino monkeys. Most of the animals that live in the park are birds. This makes the park a very good place for bird watchers.

This national park has a great tourist attraction because of the beautiful scenery and forests. It is also a very good place for extreme sports practice like canopy which hundreds of peoples both foreigners and locals like a lot. Many people like to watch the view created by the volcano when it is making small eruptions at night.

Faded (Kate DeAraugo song)

"Faded" is a 2006 song by Kate DeAraugo, the winner of "Australian Idol" in 2005.

Emergency (song)

"Emergency" is a 2006 song by Paramore. It came off the album "All We Know Is Falling".

The song is about Hayley Williams' parents, and she could remember standing between them yelling at them to shut up.

Roger D. Kornberg

Roger David Kornberg (born ) is an American biochemist and Nobel prize winner. Kornberg got the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2006 for studying eukaryote transcription (the copying of information from DNA to RNA). 

Kornberg is a professor of Structural Biology at Stanford University School of Medicine. His father, Arthur Kornberg, was also a professor at Stanford University, and got the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1959.

Kornberg was born in St. Louis, Missouri to a Jewish family. He was the first of three children born to Arthur Kornberg and his wife, Sylvy. The parents worked together as biochemists. Roger Kornberg earned his bachelors degree from Harvard University in 1967 and his PhD from Stanford University in 1972. He then became a Fellow at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology at the University of Cambridge, England.

All heredity is controlled by genes. For the cells to make use of the information in the genes, a copy of part of the gene must be made. The copying is called transcription. Transcription makes an RNA copy of part of the DNA. The RNA is moved out of the cell nucleus, to ribosomes, where it does its work. This is called messenger RNA and it gives the amino acid sequence for protein production. This second process is called translation. It works in all eukaryotes, including all plants and animals.

Kornberg worked with Aaron Klug and Francis Crick at the MRC in the 1970s. He discovered the nucleosome, a very important protein structure in chromosomes. Nucleosomes form the basic repeating units of eukaryotic chromatin. This packs the large eukaryotic genomes into the nucleus and allows it to be controlled. 

Kornberg made the discovery that signals to the RNA are made by a complex of proteins that they called "mediator". The Nobel Prize committee said, "the great complexity of eukaryotic organisms is enabled by the fine interplay between tissue-specific substances, enhancers in the DNA and mediator. The discovery of mediator is therefore a true milestone in the understanding of the transcription process".

After long effort, Kornberg was able to use X-ray crystallography to take 3D pictures of RNA molecules, lipids and proteins. With these studies, Kornberg has created a picture of how DNA works. The Nobel Prize committee said, "the truly revolutionary aspect of the picture Kornberg has created is that it captures the process of transcription in full flow. What we see is an RNA-strand being constructed, and hence the exact positions of the DNA, polymerase and RNA during this process".

In 1959, Roger Kornberg's father, Arthur Kornberg, received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for studies of how genetic information moves from one DNA molecule to another. This is called DNA replication. Arthur Kornberg found the first enzyme that could make DNA. This was the first known enzyme to take its instructions from a DNA copy. Roger Kornberg's younger brother, Thomas Bill Kornberg, discovered DNA polymerases II and III in 1970 and is now a geneticist at the University of California, San Francisco. All three Kornbergs have worked to understand how genetic information is used in cells. Arthur and Roger Kornberg are the sixth father and son to win Nobel Prizes.

Professor Kornberg has received these awards:


All We Know Is Falling

All We Know Is Falling is the first album of the band Paramore. It was recorded in just three weeks. In April 2006, the CD was released in the United Kingdom. In 2005, a Japanese version was released, with the bonus track "O, Star".



Paramore released three videos from this album. The first was for the single "All We Know", followed by "Pressure", and "Emergency".



Businessperson

A businessperson (also businessman or businesswoman) is someone who works at a job that focuses on making money. Very broadly it can mean anyone who works in industry or commerce. More narrowly, it is someone who works in the management (at high level, when the term is used even more narrowly) of a company. Sometimes the word means an entrepreneur or a merchant.

Many businessmen wear standard business clothes: a suit with collar, shirt, and necktie. However, this depends on the company, the local culture, and the country. In more informal places, neckties need not be worn.

Businesswomen clothes have gone through many changes. Dresses and suits are common today.

Werl

Werl is a town in the district of Soest in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Werl is made up of the following districts:
Werl was the birthplace of Franz von Papen (1879–1969), German soldier, politician and diplomat.

Tangent (geometry)

In geometry, a tangent is a straight line that touches a curve at one point. At the place where they touch, the line and the curve both have the same slope (they are both "going in the same direction"). For this reason, a tangent line is a good approximation of the curve near that point. The curve and the tangent line are almost exactly the same near the intersection point. 

A straight line which touches a circle at a single point is perpendicular to the circle's radius and is considered tangent to the circle.

Tangent lines are useful in calculus because they can magnify the slope of a curve at a single point. The slope of some curve at the point P is often called the instantaneous rate of change of the curve at P. The instantaneous rate of change at a specific point on the curve can be found by evaluating the derivative function for the curve at that point.


History of North America

The History of North America deals with an area where humans came to live relatively recently, compared to Africa, Europe, and Asia.

Scientists have different theories as to the origins of the early human population of the continent. The indigenous peoples of North America themselves have many creation stories, that tell that native Americans have been present on the land since its creation.

Before contact with Europeans the natives of North America were divided into many different communities, from small bands of a few families to large empires. They lived in several culture areas, which roughly correspond to geographic and biological zones of North America and give a good indication of the main occupation of the people who lived there (e.g. the Bison hunters of the Great Plains, or the farmers of Mesoamerica). Native groups can also be classified by their language family. It is important to note that peoples with similar languages did not always share the same material culture, nor were they always allies.

Scientists believe that the Inuit people of the high Arctic came to North America much later than other native groups, as evidenced by the disappearance of Dorset culture artifacts from the archaeological record, and their replacement by the Thule people.

During the thousands of years of native inhabitation on the continent, cultures changed and shifted. Archaeologists often name different cultural groups they discover after the site where they are first found. One of the oldest cultures yet found is the Clovis culture of modern New Mexico. A more recent example is the group of related cultures called the Mound builders (e.g. the Fort Walton Culture), found in the Mississippi river valley. They flourished from 3000 BC to the 1500s AD.

The more southern cultural groups of North America were responsible for the domestication of many common crops now used around the world, such as tomatoes and squash. Perhaps most importantly they domesticated one of the world's major staples, maize (corn).

As a result of the development of agriculture in the south, important cultural development was possible there. For example, the Maya civilization developed a writing system, built huge pyramids, had a complex calendar, and developed the concept of zero 500 years before anyone in the Old World. The Mayan culture was still present when the Spanish arrived in Central America, but political dominance in the area had shifted to the Aztec Empire farther north.

Upon the arrival of the Europeans in the "New World", native peoples found their culture changed drastically. As such, their affiliation with political and cultural groups changed as well, several linguistic groups went extinct, and others changed quite quickly. The name and cultures that Europeans recorded for the natives were not necessarily the same as the ones they had used a few generations before, or the ones in use today.

There was limited contact between North American peoples and the outside world before 1492. Several theoretical contacts have been proposed, but the earliest physical evidence comes to us from the Norse or Vikings. Norse captain Leif Erikson is believed to have reached the Island of Newfoundland circa 1000 AD. They named their new discovery Vinland. The only Norse site yet discovered in North America is at L'Anse aux Meadows, Newfoundland and Labrador. The Norse colonies were later abandoned.

The Viking voyages did not become common knowledge in the Old World, and Europeans remained ignorant of the existence of the Americas, until 1492. As part of a general age of discovery Italian sailor Christopher Columbus proposed a voyage west from Europe to find a shorter route to Asia. He eventually received the backing of Isabella I and Ferdinand II, Queen and King of newly united Spain. In 1492 Columbus reached land in the Bahamas.

Almost 500 years after the Norse, John Cabot explored the east coast of what would become Canada in 1497. Giovanni da Verrazzano explored the East Coast of America from Florida to presumably Newfoundland in 1524. Jacques Cartier made a series of voyages on behalf of the French crown in 1534 and penetrated the St. Lawrence River.

Initially, European activity consisted mostly of trade and exploration. Eventually Europeans began to establish settlements. The three principal colonial powers were Spain, England, and France, although eventually even small powers like the Netherlands and Sweden received minor holdings on the continent.

Settlement by the Spanish started the European colonization of the Americas, involving genocide of the native Indians. They gained control of most of the largest islands in the Caribbean and conquered the Aztecs, gaining control of present-day Mexico and Central America. This was the beginning of the Spanish Empire in the New World. The first successful Spanish settlement in continental North America was Veracruz in 1519, followed by many other settlements in colonial New Spain and Spanish Florida.

The first successful English settlements were at Jamestown (1607) (along with its satellite, Bermuda in 1609) and Plymouth (1620), in what are today Virginia and Massachusetts respectively. The first French settlements were Port Royal (1604) and Quebec City (1608) in what is now Nova Scotia and Quebec. The Fur Trade soon became the primary business on the continent and as a result transformed the Native Americans lifestyle.

Farther to the south, plantation slavery became the main industry of the West Indies, and this gave rise to the beginning of the Atlantic slave trade.

By 1663 the French crown had taken over control of New France from the fur-trading companies, and the English charter colonies gave way to more metropolitan control. This ushered in a new era of more formalized colonialism in North America.

Rivalry between the European powers created a series of wars on the North American landmass that would have great impact on the development of the colonies. Territory often changed hands multiple times. Peace was not achieved until French forces in North America were vanquished at the Battle of the Plains of Abraham at Quebec City, and France ceded most of her claims outside of the Caribbean.

Viceroyalty of New Spain was the name of the viceroy-ruled territories of the Spanish Empire in Asia, North America and its peripheries from 1535 to 1821.

The coming of the American Revolution had a great impact across the continent. Most importantly it directly led to the creation of the United States of America. However, the associated American Revolutionary War was an important war that touched all corners of the region. The flight of the United Empire Loyalists led to the creation of English Canada as a separate community. Meanwhile, Spain's hold on Mexico was weakening. Independence was declared in 1810 by Miguel Hidalgo, starting the "Mexican War of Independence". In 1813, José María Morelos and the Congress of Anáhuac signed the Solemn Act of the Declaration of Independence of Northern America, the first legal document where the separation of the New Spain with respect to Spain is proclaimed. Spain finally recognized Mexico's independence in 1821.

From the time of independence of the United States, that country expanded rapidly to the west, acquiring the massive Louisiana territory in 1803. An attempt at northern expansion was blocked by Britain during the War of 1812. At the same time, British settlement in Canada increased. 
US expansion was complicated by the division between "free" and "slave" states, which led to the Missouri Compromise 1820. Likewise, Canada faced a division between French and English communities that led to the outbreak of civil strife in 1837. Mexico faced constant political tensions between liberals and conservatives, as well as the rebellion of the English-speaking region of Tejas, which declared itself the Republic of Texas 1836. In 1845 Texas joined the United States, which would later lead to the Mexican–American War. As a result of conflict with Mexico, the United States made further territorial gains in California and the Southwest.

In Mexico, the entire era was dominated by the dictatorship of Porfirio Díaz.

As part of the British Empire, Canada immediately was at war in 1914. Canadian troops bore the brunt of several major battles during the early stages of the war including the use of poison gas attacks at Ypres. Newfoundland troops suffered a devastating loss on July 1, 1916, the First day on the Somme. Losses became grave, and the government eventually brought in conscription, despite the fact this was against the wishes of the majority of French Canadians. In the ensuing Conscription Crisis of 1917, riots broke out on the streets of Montreal.

The United States stayed apart from the conflict until 1917, joining the Entente powers. The United States was then able to play a crucial role at the Paris Peace Conference of 1919 that shaped interwar Europe.

Mexico was not part of the war as the country was embroiled in the Mexican Revolution at the time.

The 1920s brought an age of great prosperity in the United States, and to a lesser degree Canada. But the Wall Street Crash of 1929 combined with drought ushered in a period of economic hardship in the United States and Canada.

From 1936 to 1949, this was a popular uprising against the anti-Catholic Mexican government of the time, set off specifically by the anti-clerical provisions of the Mexican Constitution of 1917.

Once again Canada found itself at war before its neighbours, however even Canadian contributions were slight before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.

The entry of the United States into the war helped to tip the balance in favour of the allies.

Two Mexican tankers, transporting oil to the United States, were attacked and sunk by the Germans in the Gulf of Mexico waters, in 1942. The incident happened in spite of Mexico's neutrality at that time. This led Mexico to declare war to the Axis nations and entered the conflict.

The devastation of Europe in the war led North American countries to more important roles in world affairs. The United States especially emerged as a "superpower".

The early Cold War era saw the United States as the most powerful nation in a Western coalition of which Mexico and Canada were also a part. At home, the United States witnessed convulsive change especially in the area of race relations. In Canada this was mirrored by the Quiet Revolution and the emergence of Quebec nationalism.

Mexico experienced an era of huge economic growth after World War II, a heavy industrialization process and a growth of its middle class, a period known in Mexican history as the ""El Milagro Mexicano"" (Mexican miracle).

The Caribbean saw the beginnings of decolonization, while on the largest island the Cuban Revolution introduced Cold War rivalries into Latin America.


Brentford F.C.

Brentford F.C. is an English football club. They are based in Brentford in London and they play their home games at a stadium called Griffin Park. Brentford were formed in 1889 and have the nickname "The Bees".

Brentford F.C. official web site

Harry Redknapp

Harry Redknapp (born 2 March 1947) is an English association football manager. He was born in Poplar, London. He is now retired. he used to play football, mainly for West Ham.

He managed A.F.C. Bournemouth, West Ham, Portsmouth, Southampton, Portsmouth again, Tottenham, Queen's Park Rangers and Birmingham.

Redknapp is related to two Premier League stars. He is the father of Jamie Redknapp who played under him at Bournemouth and Southampton. He is also the uncle by marriage of Frank Lampard who played under him at West Ham United.

PDF (disambiguation)

PDF commonly refers to the Portable Document Format in computing.

Other uses could also mean:







Cough

A cough, also known as tussis, is an action the body takes to get rid of anything that irritates the lungs or throat. To do this, muscles in the thoracic cavity contract to make air leave the lungs with a lot of force. Coughs often happen quickly and more than once, and are usually accompanied by a unique sound, also called a cough.

Coughs are more likely to happen when a person is sick, because infections often irritate breathing passages. Another cause of coughs is a person breathing air that is not clean, like air with dust or smoke.



Creation

Creation may refer to:

In religion and philosophy:



In science:

In the arts:


In media:



Creation myth

A creation myth or creation story explains how the universe started, how the earth came to be, and why there are humans. Creation myths are usually part of religions and mythologies. Very often, creation myths say that humans were made by a god, spirit or other supreme being. 

In the beginning, there was just water. All the animals lived above it and the sky was overcrowded. They were all curious about what was beneath the water and one day Dayuni'si, the water beetle, volunteered to explore it. He explored the surface but could not find any solid ground. He explored below the surface to the bottom and all he found was mud which he brought back to the surface. After collecting the mud, it began to grow in size and spread outwards until it became the Earth as we know it. 

In the beginning nothing existed, darkness was all around. Suddenly from the darkness came a thin disc, one side yellow and the other side white, appearing suspended in midair. Within the disc sat a small bearded man, Creator, the "One Who Lives Above". When he looked into the endless darkness, light appeared above. He looked down and it became a sea of light. To the east, he created yellow streaks of dawn. To the west, tints of many colors appeared everywhere. There were also clouds of different colors. He also created three other gods: a little girl, a sun god and a small boy. Then he created celestial phenomena, the winds, the tarantula, and the earth from the sweat of the four gods mixed together in the Creator's palms, from a small round, brown ball, not much larger than a bean. The world was expanded to its current size by the gods kicking the small brown ball. Creator told Wind to go inside the ball and to blow it up. The tarantula, who knew what to do, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength. Tarantula repeated with a blue cord to the south, a yellow cord to the west, and a white cord to the north. With mighty pulls in each direction, the brown ball stretched to immeasurable size--it became the earth! No hills, mountains, or rivers were visible; only smooth, treeless, brown plains appeared. Then the Creator created the rest of the beings and features of the Earth.

In the Judeo-Christian-Islamic story, it is believed that an entity referred to as God created the universe in six days.


Christians that believe God created the Universe in exactly the way described in the Bible are called "creationists". Other Christians think that the biblical creation story has fundamental truths and messages, but should not be taken literally.

Many cultures have stories describing the origin of the world, which may be roughly grouped into common types. In one type of story, the world is born from a world egg; such stories include the Finnish epic poem "Kalevala", the Chinese story of Pangu or the Indian Brahmanda Purana. In related stories, the creation is caused by a single entity emanating or producing something by his or herself, as in the Tibetan Buddhism concept of Adi-Buddha, the ancient Greek story of Gaia (Mother Earth), the Aztec goddess Coatlicue myth, the ancient Egyptian god Atum story, or the Genesis creation myth. In another type of story, the world is created from the union of male and female deities, as in the Maori story of Rangi and Papa. In other stories, the Universe is created by crafting it from pre-existing materials, such as the corpse of a dead god — as from Tiamat in the Babylonian epic Enuma Elish or from the giant Ymir in Norse mythology – or from chaotic materials, as in Izanagi and Izanami in Japanese mythology. In another type of story, the world is created by the command of a divinity, as in the ancient Egyptian story of Ptah or the Genesis creation myth as a part of Jewish and Christian mythology. In other stories, the universe emanates from fundamental principles, such as Brahman and Prakrti, or the yin and yang of the Tao.

Although Heraclitus argued for eternal change, his quasi-contemporary Parmenides made the radical suggestion that all change is an illusion, that the true underlying reality is eternally unchanging and of a single nature. Parmenides denoted this reality as το εν (The One). Parmenides' theory seemed implausible to many Greeks, but his student Zeno of Elea challenged them with several famous paradoxes. Aristotle resolved these paradoxes by developing the notion of an infinitely divisible continuum, and applying it to space and time.

The Indian philosopher Kanada, founder of the Vaisheshika school, developed a theory of atomism and proposed that light and heat were varieties of the same substance. In the 5th century AD, the Buddhist atomist philosopher Dignāga proposed atoms to be point-sized, durationless, and made of energy. They denied the existence of substantial matter and proposed that movement consisted of momentary flashes of a stream of energy.

The theory of temporal finitism was inspired by the doctrine of creation shared by the three Abrahamic religions: Judaism, Christianity and Islam. The Christian philosopher, John Philoponus, presented the philosophical arguments against the ancient Greek notion of an infinite past. Philoponus' arguments against an infinite past were used by the early Muslim philosopher, Al-Kindi (Alkindus); the Jewish philosopher, Saadia Gaon (Saadia ben Joseph); and the Muslim theologian, Al-Ghazali (Algazel). They employed two logical arguments against an infinite past, the first being the "argument from the impossibility of the existence of an actual infinite", which states:

The second argument, the "argument from the impossibility of completing an actual infinite by successive addition", states:

Both arguments were adopted by later Christian philosophers and theologians, and the second argument in particular became more famous after it was adopted by Immanuel Kant in his thesis of the first antinomy concerning time.

Fakhr al-Din al-Razi (1149–1209) criticized the idea of the Earth's centrality within the universe. In the context of his commentary on the Qur'anic verse, "All praise belongs to God, Lord of the Worlds," he raises the question of whether the term "worlds" in this verse refers to "multiple worlds within this single universe or cosmos, or to many other universes or a multiverse beyond this known universe." He rejected the Aristotelian and Avicennian notions of a single universe revolving around a single world, and instead argued that there are more than "a thousand thousand worlds ("alfa alfi 'awalim") beyond this world such that each one of those worlds be bigger and more massive than this world as well as having the like of what this world has." He argued that there exists an infinite outer space beyond the known world, and that God has the power to fill the vacuum with an infinite number of universes.


Tarantula

Tarantulas are a group of "hairy" and often very large spiders belonging to the family Theraphosidae. Approximately 900 species have been found. Some tarantulas hunt prey in trees and some hunt on the ground. All tarantulas can make silk. They use silk to make shelters like tube tents in trees, to line burrows if they live on the ground, and they all use silk to wrap up prey before they eat it. It is easy to see a tarantula turning around and around in one spot with the prey in its mouth, but it is hard to see the silk coming out because it is small in diameter (thickness) and transparent. These spiders are found in warmer regions around the world. 
Tarantulas' predators are normally big snakes or creatures such as the Tarantula Eating Wasp. Defenses are camouflage and fangs.





Hunter-gatherer

A hunter-gatherer society is one who lives from edible plants and animals from the wild, by foraging and hunting. 

The line between hunter-gatherers and other people is often not clear-cut. Nomadic people often practice a mix of hunting, gathering and herding, and others spend some of their time in farming.



File format

File formats are also known as file types. A computer stores data in a computer file in the shape of a file format. For example: images are stored in a different shape than music files. 

Also, most types of data (for example text, image or sound) have many varieties of file formats, all with their own special strengths and weaknesses.

There are, for example, more than five ways to store text as a file. Two of the most known ways are: the plain ".txt" format and the simplest of the "HTML" formats. The difference is that a .txt file can only store a sequence of characters but an HTML file can also store links to other files and the formatting of the text, for example whether the text is bold, underlined or italic (but usually HTML should say whether the text is very important, a link, or not very important; whether important text should be bold, italic or red is then specified using a file in a special format called CSS).

There is often a choice between saving a file in a simpler versus a more complex file format. The simpler format will make a smaller file, but store less information. The more complex file format will usually be a larger file and more difficult to use, but can store more information; sometimes a faster computer might be needed in order to use a more complex file format.

File formats made for commercial proprietary software are sometimes a secret, so that people who do not work in the company which made the proprietary software cannot use their own and others' files in the format without buying their software. That action is called vendor lock-in, and can be used to make a monopoly. Because of that, it is sometimes a crime.

Lascaux

Lascaux is the name given to a cave in the Vézère Valley of southwestern France. The Lascaux cave is famous for its cave paintings. 

There are a number of caves near the village of Montignac, in the Dordogne "département". One of these caves contains some of the best-known Upper Paleolithic art. Most of the paintings are realistic images of large animals. Many of these animals are known from fossil evidence to have lived in the area at the time. The site of Lascaux was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list in 1979, under the name of the Vézère Valley.

Montignac is about from Périgueux, and about from Sarlat-la-Canéda

Unfortunately, none of the colors used in Lascaux are coal based. Therefore, a direct dating of the paintings is not possible. Despite this, Lascaux was one of the first sites where radiocarbon dating was used. That way, the coal in the fireplaces was dated to about 17,000 years ago. H.Breuil himself thought that the site was older, about 31.000 to 22.000 years old.

Norbert Anjoulat looked at the style and the theme of the paintings, and found these were close to Solutréen, rather than Magdalénien. 

There are some disagreements about dating the site. The paintings seem to date from 17,000 to 15,000 years ago. Artifacts were also found in the cave, which seem to be older. The original dating was to about 26,000 years ago. 

Most archaeologists believe that the age of about 17,000 years is accurate for the following reasons: 

The caves were discovered on 12 September 1940. By 1955, about 2000 people visited them every day. In 1968, the original cave was closed to the public, and a system of air conditioning was installed. The cave paintings were restored and replicas of several paintings were created in other caves nearby, known as Lascaux II and Lascaux III. Today, the original cave is no longer accessible to the public. 

In 2000, another problem emerged: Certain kinds of fungi started to grow in the original cave. These are extremely resistant to the usual fungicides used, even to formaldehyde. The fungus lives in symbiosis with a bacterium which is capable of destroying the fungicide. Therefore, the fungicide needs to be combined with an antibiotic to kill the bacterium as well.

As of 2006, the situation is more or less under control. The original caves are now sprayed with the fungicide/antibiotic every fortnight. Special workers need to clear the cave walls by hand, removing the mycelium which grows despite the treatment. 

Bobby Charlton

Sir Robert Charlton, (11 October 1937 – 21 October 2023) was an English footballer who played for the England national team. He played over 600 times for Manchester United. He also played for England over 100 times and scored more goals than any other player. He played for England when they beat Germany in the World Cup final in 1966. He is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.

His older brother was Jack Charlton.

He was the last survivor of the Munich air disaster, where his life was saved by fellow teammate Harry Gregg.

Charlton died on 21 October 2023 from problems caused by dementia, aged 86. His death leaves Geoff Hurst as the last surviving English player of the 1966 World Cup final.

Manchester United Youth

Manchester United

England

Individual

Orders and special awards

Gary Lineker

Gary Lineker (born 30 November 1960) is an English retired footballer. He has played for the English national team. He scored 48 goals for the English national team. He then went on television on the BBC on Match of the Day. He was the highest paid presenter at the BBC. In 2020 he was paid £1.75 million.

In March 2023 he tweeted about the proposed Illegal Migration Bill: "This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the '30s, and I'm out of order?". The BBC wanted him to apologise for making a political comment, but he wouldnt. They then took him off Match of the Day. The other people from the show all supported him. So did many other sport presenters.

340||192||28||14||30||13||8||2||406||221
103||43||10||4||colspan="2"|-||25||6||138||53
18||3||0||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||18||3
461||238||38||18||30||13||33||8||562||277

!Total||80||48


Geoff Hurst

Geoff Hurst (born 8 December 1941) is an English retired professional footballer. He was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire and moved to Chelmsford, Essex when he was eight. He played football for West Ham United F.C. over 400 times. He also played for the England national football team and scored a hat trick (three goals) in the 1966 World Cup final which England won 4–2.

529||212
24||9
553||221

!Total||49||24

Parliament of Scotland

The Parliament of Scotland, officially the Estates of Parliament, was the legislature of the independent Kingdom of Scotland.

The parliament of Scotland had only one house (cf. House of Commons, House of Lords) and was mentioned for the first time during the early thirteenth century, and the first meeting one knows of was in 1235, during the reign of Alexander II of Scotland.

The parliament, which is also referred to as the Estates of Scotland, the Three Estates the Scots Parliament or the auld Scots Parliament (), merged with the Parliament of England in the Acts of Union in 1707. This formed the Kingdom of Great Britain, which later became the United Kingdom.




Cocos Island

Coco Island is a tropical island that is part of Costa Rica. The island covers . It has two bays in the north. It is southwest of the Costa Rican mainland. It was declared a World Heritage Site in 1997 for its animals and its beauty. 

Today, the only people who live there are four national park guards who patrol the park. Ships leave from Puntarenas, a port in the Pacific Ocean. The island is one of the world's best diving spots. It is famous for its massive schools of different fish, hammerhead sharks, manta rays, and whale sharks. The island is also famous because of the legend about pirates. It is said that this island was chosen by them to hide their treasures. Many people have gone there to look for this hidden treasures but they didn’t find any.

The island has waterfalls, some of them high. There are also a few animals which were brought from other places because there are no native mammals. Also some birds were brought. The island has just one kind of butterfly and two lizard species. The highest point, called Mount Iglesias, is high.

Decoritidae

Decoritidae is one of five families of the Gastriocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are similar to squids and cuttlefish.

Gastrioceratoidea

Gastrioceratoidea is one of 17 superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are similar to squids and cuttlefish.

Goniatitina

Goniatitina is one of 2 suborders of the Goniatitida order. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are similar to squids and cuttlefish.

Alf Ramsey

(Sir) Alf Ramsey (22 January 1920 – 28 April 1999) was an English footballer and football manager. He was born in 1920 and played for Southampton F.C. and Tottenham Hotspur F.C. He also played for the England national football team 32 times and scored three goals. Alf Ramsey was in charge of Ipswich Town F.C. for nearly ten years, Ipswich are the only team to win the First Division title in their first season in the top flight the season after winning the second division. Ramsey then became manager of the England team. He was manager when England beat Germany 4–2 in the World Cup final at Wembley Stadium. He is the only England manager to win a World Cup.

In recognition of his achievement in leading England to victory in the World Cup Alf Ramsey was knighted in 1967.

He died of a heart attack.

In tribute to Ramsey, Ipswich Town F.C. commissioned a life-size statue of him which is positioned directly in front of Portman Road (home ground of Ipswich Town F.C.).

316||32
316||32

!Total||32||3

Qom province

Qom province is one of the 30 provinces of Iran with an area of . About 2 million people live in the Qom province. The capital of the province is Qom.

The following lists some of the sights of the Qom Province of Iran that are the most visited:

Qom County

Qom County (Persian: قم) is a county of the Qom Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Qom.

Markazi province

Markazi () is one of the 30 provinces of Iran. The word "markazi" means "central" in Persian. There are about 1,350,000 people living in the Markazi Province currently.

Some of the biggest cities of the province are: Saveh, Arak, Mahallat, Khomein, Delijan, Tafresh, Ashtian, and Shazand.

The Markazi Province is split into 10 different counties:


Ashtian County

Ashtian County () is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Ashtian.

Arak County

Arak County () is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Arak.

Delijan County

Delijan County () is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Delijan.

Khomein County

Khomein County () is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Khomein.

Komeijan County

Komeijan County () is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Komeijan.

Mahallat County

Mahallat County (Persian: شهرستان محلات) is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Mahallat.

Saveh County

Saveh County (Persian: شهرستان ساوه) is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Saveh.

Shazand County

Shazand (Persian: شهرستان شازند) is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Shazand.

Tafresh County

Tafresh County (Persian: شهرستان تفرش) is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Tafresh.

Zarandieh County

Zarandieh County () is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Zarandieh.

E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial

E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is a 1982 American science fiction movie produced and directed by Steven Spielberg, and written by Melissa Mathison. It follows an alien, who is stranded on Earth. A boy and his family keep it hidden from the group of government agents, while bringing it home.

Filming took place from September to December 1981 on a budget of $10.5 million (equivalent to $25 million in 2019 dollars).

Released on June 11, 1982, by Universal Pictures, "E.T." was an immediate blockbuster, surpassing "" to become the highest grossing movie that anyone had made yet—a record it held for 11 years until "Jurassic Park", another Spielberg movie, surpassed it. "E.T." was widely acclaimed by critics and is considered to be one of the greatest movies of all time. It was re-released in 1985, and again in 2002, to celebrate its 20th anniversary, with altered shots and additional scenes.


Having worked with Cary Guffey on "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", Spielberg felt confident in working with a cast of mostly child actors.

The major voice work for E.T. was Pat Welsh, an elderly woman who lived in Marin County, California. Welsh smoked two packets of cigarettes a day, which gave her voice a quality that sound effects creator Ben Burtt liked. Burtt also recorded 16 other people and various animals to create E.T.'s "voice". These included Spielberg; Debra Winger; Burtt's sleeping wife, who had a cold; a burp from his USC movie professor; and raccoons, sea otters, and horses.

Doctors working at the USC Medical Center were recruited to play the doctors who try to save E.T. Spielberg felt that actors in the roles, performing lines of medical talking, would come across as unnatural.

The movie was first shown at the closing gala of the 1982 Cannes Film Festival. It started in the United States on June 11, 1982. It opened at number one with a gross of $11 million. The movie was re-released in 1985 and 2002.

On September 17, 1982, the movie was shown at the United Nations, and Spielberg received the U.N. Peace Medal.

The movie was nominated for nine Oscars at the 55th Academy Awards, including Best Picture. "Gandhi" won that award, but its director, Richard Attenborough, declared "I was certain that not only would E.T. win, but that it should win. It was inventive, powerful, [and] wonderful. I make more mundane movies." It won four Academy Awards: Best Original Score, Best Sound, Best Sound Effects Editing, and Best Visual Effects. At the 40th Golden Globe Awards, the movie won Best Picture in the Drama category and Best Score; it was also nominated for Best Director, Best Screenplay, and Best New Male Star for Henry Thomas. The Los Angeles Film Critics Association awarded the movie Best Picture, Best Director, and a "New Generation Award" for Melissa Mathison. The movie won Saturn Awards for Best Science Fiction Film, Best Writing, Best Special Effects, Best Music, and Best Poster Art, while Henry Thomas, Robert McNaughton, and Drew Barrymore won Young Artist Awards. Composer John Williams won a Grammy and a BAFTA for the score. It was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.

In 1994, "E.T." was selected to keep in the U.S. National Film Registry.


Alex Ferguson

Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson (born 31 December 1941) is a retired Scottish footballer and retired manager. He has managed St. Mirren, Aberdeen, and Manchester United. He is considered one of the greatest football manager of all time, and has won more trophies than anyone else in the history of English football.

As a player, he played as a forward. He play for multiple Scottish teams, including Dunfermline Athletic and Rangers. After retiring from playing, he started managing at East Stirlingshire. He would be hired by St Mirren, Aberdeen, and the Scotland national team, due to the death of Jock Stein. He was the manager of Scotland at the 1986 FIFA World Cup.

In November 1986, he was appointed the manager of Manchester United. He won 38 trophies with Manchester United, including 13 Premier Leagues, 5 FA Cups, 4 Football League Cups, 10 FA Community Shields, 2 UEFA Champions Leagues. He would manage the team until his retirement in 2013.

He made his debut for Queen's Park at age 16. He would score 20 goals in 31 games for Queens Park. He joined St Johnstone in 1960 to try to get regular gametime. He would score a hat-trick for St Johnstone against Rangers. He signed for Dunfermline in 1964.

In the 1964-65 season, Dunfermline finished 3rd with 49 points. They finished 1 point behind Hearts and Kilmarnock. Ferguson was dropped for the 1964–65 Scottish Cup final. In that final, Dunfermline lost 3-2 against Celtic. He was the joint top scorer in the 1965–66 Scottish Division One season. He and Joe McBride both scored 31 goals. He joined Rangers in 1967, for a Scottish record of £65,000. He would only spend 2 season at Rangers, before joning Falkirk in 1969.

He retired in 1974, after spending 1 season at Ayr United. He scored 171 goals in 317 games throughout his career.

In June 1974, Ferguson became the manager of East Stirlingshire. A year after that, St Mirren offered Ferguson the job as their manager. Ferguson took the job. In 1974, St Mirren were playing in the second division. By 1978, Ferguson had led the club to the First Division title. St Mirren fired Ferguson from his role in 1978.

Ferguson became Aberdeen manager in 1978. At that time, Aberdeen had only won the league title once. Ferguson was still a young manager. His start with Aberdeen did not go very well. Aberdeen lost the Scottish Cup semi-final and the Scottish League Cup final in his first season, and finished fourth in the league.

In the 1979-80 season, Aberdeen won the Scottish league. In 1982, the team won the Scottish Cup. As a result of winning the cup, Aberdeen played in the European Cup Winners' Cup the following season (1982-83). Impressively, Aberdeen beat Bayern Munich on their way to the final. They faced Real Madrid in the final. Aberdeen won that game 2-1 and won the competition. In the next season, Aberdeen beat the European Cup champions Hamburger SV to win the European Super Cup.

Aberdeen won the league title in 1983-84 and 1984-85 seasons and won a couple of domestic cups. He left for Manchester United in November 1986.

On 6 November 1986, Manchester United appointed Ferguson as their manager. The team was in the 21st position (out of 22) when he took over, but they finished 11th. Manchester United finished second in the following season, 1987-88.

St Johnstone

Falkirk

Individual

St Mirren

Aberdeen

Manchester United

Individual


Ferguson has received at least eight honorary degrees. These Include:


Tocharians

The Tocharians were an ancient people who lived in the Tarim Basin. They spoke an Indo-European language. The region they live in was closer to the Far East than that of any other Indo-European-speaking regions.


Information technology

Information technology (or IT) is a term that encompasses all forms of technology used to create, store, exchange, and use information in its various forms (business data, voice conversations, still images, motion pictures, photos, multimedia presentations, and other forms, including those not yet conceived).

The modern term “Information Technology” was coined by Leavitt and Whisle. In 1958 a Harvard Business Review included, “The new technology does not yet have a single established name. We shall call it information technology.”

Information technology is the concept that includes every process of information flow, such as data collection, processing, storage, search, transmission, and reception. In the information society, information technology is one of the most necessary industries. As technology advances day by day, IT has developed into an essential part. It is also attracting future industries. In the future, the use of information technology will be more important in the overall industry. The development of the internet made it possible for the world to be connected. IT will be a power that makes an increasing number of promising occupations and science and technology.

Now, people have been using it to refer to other aspects of technology. It now covers many more fields of study than it has covered in the past.

Four basic periods
Characterized by a principal technology used to solve the input, processing, output and communication problems of the time:


<br>One of the very first information processors.

Early 1600s, William Oughtred, an English clergyman, invented the slide rule.

The discovery of ways to harness electricity was the key advance made during this period. Knowledge and information could now be converted into electrical impulses.


2. Electromechanical Computing

3. The First "Stored-Program" Computer(s)
3. The Four Generations of Digitalg Computing.

The First Generation (1951–1958).
The Second Generation (1959–1963).
The Third Generation (1964–1979).

Individual transistors were replaced by integrated circuits.



This is in contrast to a Bachelor of Science in Information Technology which is a bachelor's degree typically conferred after a period of three to four years of an undergraduate course of study in Information Technology (IT). The degree itself is a Bachelor of Science with institutions conferring degrees in the fields of information technology and related fields.

Many employers require software developers or programmers to have a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science degree; however, those seeking to hire for positions such as network administrators or database managers would require a Bachelors of Science in Information Technology or an equivalent degree. Graduates with an information technology background are able to perform technology tasks relating to the processing, storing, and communication of information between computers, mobile phones, and other electronic devices. Information technology as a field emphasizes the secure management of large amounts of diverse information and its accessibility via a wide variety of systems both local and world-wide.



History of Asia

The history of Asia can be seen as the history of several distinct regions, East Asia, South Asia, and the Middle East that have more or less context depending of the situation in the central Eurasian steppe.

The coastal periphery was the home to some of the world's earliest known civilizations, with each of the three regions developing early civilizations around fertile river valleys. The civilizations in Mesopotamia, the Indus Valley, and China had much in common. Therefore, it is likely that they exchanged technologies and ideas such as mathematics and the wheel. Other aspects such as that of writing developed individually in each area. Cities, states and then empires developed in these lowlands.

The steppe region had long been inhabited by nomads, and from the central steppes they could reach all areas of the Asian continent. The earliest known expansion out of the steppe is that of the Indo-Europeans which spread their languages into the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, and in the Tocharians to the borders of today's China. The northern part of the continent was not accessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra. These areas had very few people.

The centre and periphery were kept separate by mountains and deserts. The Caucasus, Himalaya, Karakum Desert, and Gobi Desert formed barriers that the steppe horsemen could only cross with difficulty. The city dwellers were more advanced in civilisation but they could do little militarily to defend against the mounted hordes of the steppe. Because the lowlands did not have enough open grasslands to support a large horsebound force the nomads who conquered states in China, India, and the Middle East were soon forced to adapt to the local societies.

Alexander the Great conquered an area from Turkey to Pakistan in the 4th century BC. The Roman Empire would later control parts of western Asia. The Achaemenid, Seleucid, Parthian and Sassanian empires were based in ancient Persia. Many ancient civilizations were influenced by the Silk Road, which connected China, India, the Middle East and Europe. The Vedic religion and later Buddhism, which began in Southern Asia, were an important influence on South and East Asia.

The Islamic caliphate and other Islamic states took over the Middle East starting in the 7th century, and later expanded into India and Indonesia. The Crusades would be fought from the 12th century, in Christian Europe's attempt to retake the Holy Land from the Muslims. The Mongol Empire conquered a large part of Asia in the 13th century, an area extending from China to Europe. The Delhi Sultanate and Mughal Empire conquered most of the Indian subcontinent.

The Russian Empire began to expand into Asia from the 17th century, eventually taking control of much of Siberia and most of Central Asia by the end of the 19th century. The Ottoman Empire controlled Turkey and the Middle East from the 16th century onwards. In the 17th century, the Manchu conquered China and established the Qing Dynasty, although this was in decline by the nineteenth century and had been overthrown in 1912.

Several European powers had control of other parts of Asia by the 1900s, such as British India, French Indochina and Portuguese Macau and Goa. Russia and Britain struggled for power in the Central Asian region in the nineteenth century. The Trans-Siberian Railway that crossed Asia by train was complete by 1916. Parts of Asia remained free from European control, although not influence, such as Persia, Thailand and most of China. In the twentieth century, Imperial Japan expanded into China, Korea and Southeast Asia during the Second World War. After the war, many Asian countries became independent from European powers. During the Cold War, the northern parts of Asia were communist controlled with the Soviet Union and People's Republic of China, while western allies formed pacts such as CENTO and SEATO. Conflicts such as the Korean War, Vietnam War and Soviet invasion of Afghanistan were fought between communists and anti-communists. In the decades after the Second World War, a massive restructuring plan drove Japan to become the world's second-largest economy, a phenomenon known as the Japanese post-war economic miracle. The Arab-Israeli conflict has dominated much of the recent history of the Middle East. After the Soviet Union's collapse in 1991, there were many new independent nations in Central Asia.



listed by area in alphabetical order



Periphery

Generally, a periphery is a boundary or outer part of any space or body. It is derived from the Greek word , meaning a circumference or outer surface.








International Mathematical Olympiad

The International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO) is a six-question two-day math competition for students that have not yet gone to college and are under 20 years old. Any country may take part in it by sending a team of six students to compete.
The IMO has been held every year since 1959. It takes place in a different country (which is called the "host country") from year to year. However, it is often seen that this competition is dominated by the US and China.

The current ten countries with the best all-time results are as follows:


Edmund Phelps

Edmund Strother "Ned" Phelps, Jr. is an American economist. He was born on July 26, 1933 in Evanston, Illinois. He was given the 2006 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences. He is best known for his work on economic growth at Yale University's Cowles Foundation in the 1960s. This includes the idea of the Golden Rule savings rate, which is about how much money should be spent and how much should be saved for the future. Some of his best work is on microeconomics of full employment and how prices affect wages. Part of this work is about the natural rate of unemployment.

Phelps has been the McVickar Professor of Political Economy at Columbia University since 1982. He is also the director of Columbia's Center on Capitalism and Society.

His Nobel Prize award was announced on October 9, 2006. He received the award on his own, breaking the recent pattern of awarding the prize to two or more winners at the same time.

Edmund Phelps was born in 1933 near Chicago, but he grew up and went to school in Hastings-on-Hudson, New York, where his family had moved when he was six years old. In 1951, he went to Amherst College as an undergraduate student. At his fathers advice, Phelps took his first economics course in his second year at Amherst. His economics teacher was James Nelson and his studies were based on a famous textbook by Paul Samuelson. Phelps was very interested in studying business. He knew of important unsolved problems and had new ideas, such as the gap between microeconomics and macroeconomics.

After receiving his B.A. at Amherst in 1955, Phelps went to Yale University for graduate studies. There, his professors were some of the greatest economists, such as Nobel prize winners James Tobin and Thomas Schelling, and he studied with Arthur Okun. William Fellner and Henry Wallich were very important in his study courses. Phelps received his Ph.D. from Yale in 1959. The work for his Ph.D. was based on an idea by Tobin, that peoples need in an emergency has more effect than sudden price changes.

After receiving his Ph.D., Phelps went to work as an economist for the RAND Corporation. His main interest was macroeconomics, but RAND focused on defense work so Phelps decided to return to the his studies the next year, 1960. He took a research job at the Cowles Foundation, and a teaching job at Yale. At the Cowles Foundation, his research was mainly on future prices and wages, following the work of Robert Solow. As part of this research, Phelps published in 1961 a famous paper on the golden rule savings rate, one of his most important works for economic science. He also wrote papers about other economic theories, such as monetary economics (Ricardian equivalence) and its importance when producing the best economic growth.

Work at the Cowles Foundation gave Phelps the chance to meet with other important economists who were working on growth theory, such as David Cass and Nobel Prize winner Tjalling Koopmans. Also, during the academic year of 1962-63 Phelps visited MIT, where he met with Nobel prize winners Paul Samuelson, Robert Solow and Franco Modigliani.

In 1966, Phelps left Yale and moved to University of Pennsylvania, where he was offered a permanent job as professor of economics. While at Pennsylvania, most of Phelps' research was on the links between employment, wages and inflation. He wrote about this in 1968: "Money-Wage Dynamics and Labor Market Equilibrium". This research had important new ideas about the Phillips curve. It was the first idea of the natural rate of unemployment and said that inflation rates did not affect labour market. In January 1969, Phelps held a meeting at Pennsylvania University to support the research on inflation and employment. The story of the meeting was published the next year in a book which was very important and is known as the "Phelps volume". During this time Phelps worked with other economists on research of economic growth, the effects of monetary and fiscal policy and best population growth.

In the year 1969-1970 Professor Phelps worked for the Center for Advanced Study in Behavioral Science at Stanford University. Meeting with Nobel prize winners Amartya Sen and Kenneth Arrow, and reading the work of John Rawls, whom he met during that year, gave Professor Phelps an interest to research outside of macroeconomics. In 1972 he published research he named "statistical discrimination". He also published research on economic justice, using ideas from Rawls book "A Theory of Justice".

In 1971, Phelps moved to the Economics Department at Columbia University, where Nobel prize winners William Vickrey and James J. Heckman were studying. Nobel Prize winner Robert Mundell joined three years later, as well as Phoebus Dhrymes, Guillermo Calvo and John B. Taylor. Professor Phelps published research on the inflation tax and the effects of fiscal policy on inflation. In 1972, Phelps published a book about his new theory. The book had many ideas about the effects of being unemployed for a long time and made him more popular.

In the next years, Keynesian economics were thought of as less important after the publication of John Muth's work called rational expectations. Phelps, with Calvo and John Taylor, started a programme to rebuild Keynesian economics with new ideas about prices and wages being kept the same for certain time. Professor Phelps and John Taylor published research in 1977, about how to calculate wages ("Staggered Wages). During the '70s, Phelps and Calvo worked on research for making contracts using asymmetric information.

In the late '70s, Professor Phelps researched with Roman Frydman, who was taught by Phelps. They worked on rational expectations and showed problems in it. A book was published in 1983 about what people said at a big meeting they had to talk about rational expectations in 1981. This book was not thought of as very important.

In 1982 Phelps was made the McVickar Professor of Political Economy at Columbia. During the early '80s he wrote a textbook about economics knowledge. The book, "Political Economy", was published in 1985, but was not used in a lot of schools.

In the 1980s Professor Phelps worked with European universities and institutions, such as Banca d'Italia (most of his 1985-86 holidays were spent in Italy) and Observatoire Français des Conjonctures Économiques (OFCE). He became interested in the continuing high unemployment in Europe and published some work about it with Jean-Paul Fitoussi (the director of OFCE). During the next years, Professor Phelps worked to calculate the natural rate of unemployment. He published some of his research in a 1994 book. Phelps also worked with Luigi Paganetto at the University of Rome Tor Vergata and, between 1988-98, they held the Villa Mondragone International Seminar.

In 1990 Phelps took part in a mission from the EBRD to Moscow, where he and Kenneth Arrow worked on the reform of the USSR. He became a member of the EBRDs Economic Advisory Board, and stayed there until 1993. Professor Phelps became interested in the Eastern European transition economies while there.

In its announcement, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said Phelps' work had "deepened our understanding of the relation between short-run and long-run effects of economic policy."

George Mason University Professor Tyler Cowen wrote in the Marginal Revolution blog that "his main contribution is a better understanding of the Phillips curve and the dynamics of short-run unemployment and the concept of the natural rate of unemployment." Cowen also wrote that "his 1960s macro work was true, important, and extremely influential. The capital theory work endures and provides a foundation for subsequent theory. The overall scope is impressive, and Phelps's concerns never strayed far from the real world." Cowen by writing that the award to Phelps meant: "The big questions still matter. Unemployment, economic growth, labor markets, capital accumulation, fairness, discrimination, and justice across the generations are indeed worthy of economic attention."

Professor Cowen and Berkeley's Professor Brad DeLong both said the choice of Phelps was a good noe, and Harvard Professor Gregory Mankiw said it was "a wonderful choice".




Nanotechnology

Nanotechnology is a part of science and technology about the control of matter on the atomic and molecular scale - this means things that are about 100 nanometres across

Nanotechnology includes making products that use parts this small, such as electronic devices, catalysts, sensors, etc. To give you an idea of how small that is, there are more nanometres in an inch than there are inches in 400 miles.
To give an international idea of how small that is, there are as many nanometres in a centimetre, as there are centimetres in 100 kilometres.

Nanotechnology brings together scientists and engineers from many different subjects, such as applied physics, materials science, interface and colloid science, device physics, chemistry, supramolecular chemistry (which refers to the area of chemistry that focuses on the non-covalent bonding interactions of molecules), self-replicating machines and robotics, chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, biology, biological engineering, and electrical engineering.

Generally, when people talk about nanotechnology, they mean structures of the size 100 nanometers or smaller. There are one million nanometers in a millimeter. Nanotechnology tries to make materials or machines of that size.

People are doing many different types of work in the field of nanotechnology. Most current work looks at making nanoparticles (particles with nanometer size) that have special properties, such as the way they scatter light, absorb X-rays, transport electrical currents or heat, etc. At the more "science fiction" end of the field are attempts to make small copies of bigger machines or really new ideas for structures that make themselves. New materials are possible with nano size structures. It is even possible to work with single atoms.

There has been a lot of discussion about the future of nanotechnology and its dangers. Nanotechnology may be able to invent new materials and instruments which would be very useful, such as in medicine, computers, and making clean electricity (nanoelectromechanical systems) is helping design the next generation of solar panels, and efficient low-energy lighting). On the other hand, nanotechnology is new and there could be unknown problems. For example, if the materials are bad for people's health or for nature. They may have a bad effect on the economy or even big natural systems like the Earth itself. Some groups argue that there should be rules about the use of nanotechnology.

Ideas of nanotechnology were first used in talk "There's Plenty of Room at the Bottom", a talk given by the scientist Richard Feynman at an American Physical Society meeting at Caltech on December 29, 1959. Feynman described a way to move individual atoms to build smaller instruments and operate at that scale. Properties such as surface tension and Van der walls force would become very important.

Feynman's simple idea seemed possible. The word "nanotechnology" was explained by Tokyo Science University Professor Norio Taniguchi in a 1974 paper. He said that nanotechnology was the work of changing materials by one atom or by one molecule. In the 1980s this idea was studied by Dr. K. Eric Drexler, who spoke and wrote about the importance of nano-scale events . "Engines of Creation: The Coming Era of Nanotechnology" (1986) is thought to be the willythirst book on nanotechnology. Nanotechnology and Nano science started with two key developments: the start of cluster science and the invention of the scanning tunneling microscope (STM). Soon afterwards, new molecules with carbon were discovered - first fullerenes in 1986 and carbon nanotubes a few years later. In another development, people studied how to make semiconductor nano crystals. Many metal oxide nanoparticles are now used as quantum dots (nanoparticles where the behaviour of single electrons becomes important). In 2000, the United States National Nanotechnology Initiative began to develop science in this field.

Nanotechnology has nanomaterials which can be classified into one, two and three dimensions nanoparticles. This classification is based upon different properties it holds such as scattering of light, absorbing x rays, transport electric current or heat. Nanotechnology has multidisciplinary character affecting multiple traditional technologies and different scientific disciplines. New materials which can be scaled even at atomic size can be manufactured.


At nano scale physical properties of system or particles substantially change. Physical properties such as quantum size effects where electrons move different for very small sizes of particle. Properties such as mechanical, electrical and optical changes when macroscopic system changes to microscopic one which is of utmost importance.

Nano materials and particles can act as catalyst to increase the reaction rate along with that produce better yield as compared to other catalyst.
Some of the most interesting properties when particle gets converted to nano scale are substances which usually stop light become transparent (copper); it becomes possible to burn some materials (aluminum); solids turn into liquids at room temperature (gold); insulators become conductors (silicon). A material such as gold, which does not react with other chemicals at normal scales, can be a powerful chemical catalyst at nanoscales. These special properties which we can only see at the nano scale are one of the most interesting things about nanotechnology.



Hattem

Hattem is a municipality and a city in the eastern Netherlands.

Hattem became a city in 1299. That is one year before Amsterdam.

Alex McLeish

Alex McLeish is a Scottish association football manager. He was born in 1959 and is currently manager of Aston Villa F.C. after his reign in Birmingham City F.C.. He also managed Rangers F.C. and the Scotland national football team.

Óscar Arias

Óscar Arias Sánchez (born 13 September 1940 in Heredia, Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican activist and Nobel Peace Prize laureate. He was President of Costa Rica from 1986 to 1990 and from 2006 to 2010. He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987 for his efforts to end civil wars in Central America. He is also a winner of the Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humanitarianism and a trustee of Economists for Peace and Security.

In 2003, he was elected to the Board of Directors of the International Criminal Court's TrustFund for Victims. He is also a member of the "Club de Madrid". It is a nonprofit organization. It is made up of 81 former leaders of democratic nations. They work to strengthen democracy.

Arias started his political career in the 1970s.

In January 2005 Arias was selected as the candidate for the National Liberation party. He was reelected as president of Costa Rica. There was a lot of criticism for his support towards the Free Trade Agreement process in Costa Rica. Because of his political background and determination, many Costa Ricans still trust and respect Arias.

Universal history

Universal history, world history or global history examines history from a global perspective.

It looks for common patterns that one can find across all cultures. Universal historians use a thematic approach. That means they look at history from two viewpoints: On the one hand they look at processes of world history that have drawn people of the world together, on the other hand they want to find out how patterns of world history reveal the diversity of the human experience.

The study of universal or global history is in some ways a product of the current period of accelerated globalization. This period has two tendencies: it integrates various cultures and it shows their differences when people of different cultures and civilizations have to live with each other.

To discuss "the history of the world" in a unified framework is not that new. For example, it was a genre popular in the 19th century, and with Christian historians going back to at least the 4th century.



Brewery

A brewery is a building, where beer is made or a business (brewing company) whose trade is the production and sale of beer.

Breweries can take up several city blocks, or be a collection of equipment in a homebrewer's kitchen. The diversity of size in breweries is matched by the diversity of processes, degrees of automation, and kinds of beer produced in breweries. Typically a brewery is divided into distinct sections, with each section reserved for one part of the brewing process.

The oldest brewery in the world still in operation is believed to be the Bavarian State-owned brewery Weihenstephan, found in the German city of Freising, which can trace its history back to 1040. Although the Zatec brewery in the Czech Republic claims it can prove paying beer tax in 1004.


Butane

Butane is an organic compound with the chemical formula . It is an alkane with four carbon atoms. It is used as a fuel (sometimes with propane) and in aerosol cans.

Butane is sold in canisters, for cooking and camping. It is also used as fuel in cigarette lighters, and as propellant in aerosol sprays or deodorants. Some kinds of Butane are used in refrigerators.

Mixtures with Propane are known as LPG.

Butane can be hazardous. Inhalation can lead to death by asphyxiation due to displacement of oxygen in the lungs. Contact with the skin can lead to frostbite. If the gas is mixed with air and ignighted it is prone to explode like many other fuels that are volatile


Liquefied petroleum gas

Liquefied petroleum gas (also known as LPG, LP Gas or autogas) is a mixture of hydrocarbon gases. It is commonly used in the household, for example for cooking, or as fuel for heating. LPG is replacing Chlorofluorocarbons more and more, also because it is less harmful to the ozone layer.

Very often, mixes of propane and butane are sold.


Aerosol spray

Aerosol spray is a system used in certain containers, like spray cans. The contents of the can, like color or deodorant are pressurized. The can has a valve. When this valve is opened, the liquid is forced out. It will emerge as an aerosol or mist. Apart from the liquid, there is another substance in the container, usually called propellant. When the valve is opened, some propellant will be forced inside the container. That way the pressure in the container is kept constant.

Around 1790, it was discovered that a carbonated beverage was pushed out of a container in France.

In 1837, the syphon was invented.

In 1862, several experiments with liquid spraying using compressed gas were held.

In 1927, Norwegian engineer Eric Rotheim proposed the first usable aerosol balloon construction.

In 1943, Americans Lyle Goodhugh and William Sullivan, commissioned by the US government, developed a "bug bomb" (World War II was going on, and it was necessary to find a way to quickly spray insecticide in order to control insect-borne diseases). This date is considered to be the beginning of the mass production of aerosol balloons.

In 1947, aerosolized insecticides appeared on the mass market.

In 1949, Robert Abplanalp invented the modern spray valve. In the same year, Edward Seymour started the production of spray paint.

The instructions for most aerosols warn that it is forbidden to spray it near open flames, electric stoves, and so on.

It is also forbidden to overheat balloons and put them in the sun in hot weather, as well as on heaters. There were many cases of balloon explosions in hot weather, as well as pyrotechnic entertainment of detonating aerosols on fires, which is a rather dangerous activity.



Max Born

Max Born (11 December 1882 – 5 January 1970) was a German-British physicist and mathematician who was important in the development of quantum mechanics. He also made contributions to solid-state physics and optics and supervised the work of a number of important physicists in the 1920s and 30s. Born became a British subject in 1939. He won the 1954 Nobel Prize in Physics.

He was of Jewish descent.

Born's descendants include his grandaughter Olivia Newton-John and his great-granddaughter Chloe Rose Lattanzi.


United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs

The United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs (UNOOSA) is a branch of the United Nations General Assembly. UNOOSA creates, maintains and carries out the General Assembly's rules about space.

The building for UNOOSA is located in the United Nations Office in Vienna in Austria.

UNOOSA operates the Programme on Space Applications and maintains a list of objects sent into space - the Register of Objects Launched into Outer Space. UNOOSA also helps developing nations develop space technology to help their economies.


Craig Mello

Craig Cameron Mello (born October 18, 1960) is an American biologist and Professor of Molecular Medicine at the University of Massachusetts Medical School.

He was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Andrew Fire for the discovery of RNA interference. Mello has been a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator since 2000.

Mello was born in New Haven, Connecticut on October 18 1960. He was the third child of James and Sally Mello. His father, James Mello, was a paleontologist and his mother, Sally Mello, was an artist. His fathers parents moved to the US from the Portuguese islands of Azores. His parents met while at the Brown University and were the first children in their families to go to college. James Mello was awarded his PhD in paleontology from Yale University in 1962. The Mello family moved to Falls Church in northern Virginia so that James could take a job with the United States Geological Survey (USGS) in Washington, DC.

After a short time in Falls Church, the family moved to Fairfax, Virginia, when James Mello began work as Assistant Director at the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History. Some of his happiest early memories were holidays with his whole family in Colorado, Wyoming and more often to the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia.

The Mello family enjoyed long talks at the dinner table and this was very important to young Craig Mello. He learned to argue, to listen, and to accept if he was wrong about something. Mello's first few years of grade school were difficult. He was five years old when he started first grade in a local private school. He was too young to enter first grade in the public system. He does not know if he was a slow learner, or just not interested, but he did not do well in school until the seventh grade. In second grade, Mello only pretended that he could read and he was embarrassed of being talked to by the teacher. He enjoyed playing outdoors, in the woods and creeks, more than time spent in the classroom. At this time, his older siblings were great students, so his teacher's wanted him to do well. During these early years, Mello had no doubt that he would be a scientist when he grew up.

After he got his high school diploma, Mello went to Brown University, where he studied biochemistry and molecular biology. After finishing his studies at Brown, Mello went to Boulder, Colorado for more studies, and then to Harvard University. He was awarded his PhD at Harvard in 1990.

In 2006, Mello and Fire were awarded the Nobel Prize for work published in 1998. The paper reports that tiny snippets of double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) effectively shut down specific genes, and so caused the destruction of messenger RNA (mRNA) with sequences matching the dsRNA. As a result, the mRNA cannot be translated into protein.

Fire and Mello found that dsRNA was much more effective in gene silencing than the previously described method of RNA interference with single-stranded RNA. Because only small numbers of dsRNA molecules were required for the observed effect, Fire and Mello proposed that a catalytic process was involved. This hypothesis was confirmed by later research.

The Nobel Prize citation, issued by Sweden's Karolinska Institute, said: "This year's Nobel Laureates have discovered a fundamental mechanism for controlling the flow of genetic information". The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) quoted Nick Hastie, director of the Medical Research Council's Human Genetics Unit, on the scope and implications of the research:

By year of award:


Vicar of Bray

"The Vicar of Bray" is a satirical song about the career of the Vicar of Bray and how he changes his principles so that he can keep his job in a changing world. Changes are taking place in the state religion through the course of several English monarchs.

Maharishi Mahesh Yogi

Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (12 January 1918 5 February 2008) was an Indian guru (a teacher of spirituality). He was most famous for his development of Transcendental Meditation. He also was well known for his association with the rock bands The Beatles and The Beach Boys.

His birth name was either Mahesh Verma Shrivastava or Mahesh Prasad Varma. His parents were Hindus from the Kayastha caste.
He was born in Raipur, India. He graduated from Allahabad University in Uttar Pradesh, and began his career as a physicist. His physics work made him interested in the sound vibrations made by spoken syllables, and how those vibrations could change a person's body or consciousness. In time, he became a disciple of Swami Brahmananda Saraswati, who was called "Guru Dev". He later became the swami's secretary. He could not become the swami's successor, because of India's caste system, but he could become a guru on his own. Guru Dev gave him the name "Bal Brahmachari Mahesh". Later he adopted the name Maharishi ("great teacher"), while "yogi" was a name given to teachers of yoga.

Transcendental Meditation (sometimes shortened to "TM") grew out of Guru Dev's teachings, and the Maharishi's own physics studies. A person practices Transcendental Meditation by sitting quietly, and mentally repeating a "mantra" of syllables or names considered sacred or holy in Hinduism. In Transcendental Meditation, the sounds are used purely as sounds independent of any associated meanings in any language. Meditating helps a person to relax, and to concentrate on important things. During this meditation a person transcends conscious thought to a quieter state of mind, and this gives the technique its name.

The Maharishi began what he called the "Spiritual Movement" in 1958. He traveled around the world, teaching Transcendental Meditation to ordinary people. Unlike many gurus, he did not require followers to give up their everyday lives, or move to an ashram to live and study. He believed that helping people to relieve stress and learn how to focus would improve their lives, and in time make a better world. He taught for nearly ten years, with little public notice. He also published a book, "The Science of Being and the Art of Living", and recorded a spoken-word album, that explained his beliefs.

During 1967, during the last months of his ten-year "world tour", he visited England, and people there began to join his Spiritual Regeneration Movement. One person who joined was Pattie Boyd, the wife of George Harrison, who was a member of The Beatles. Harrison had learned to play the sitar, an Indian musical instrument, and was interested in Hinduism. He had not found a guru whose teachings interested him. When Pattie told him about the Maharishi, he became interested, and all four Beatles went to a lecture given by the Maharishi. They sent a message to him, asking to meet in person. All of the Beatles were interested in TM, because it was simple and they could continue on as musicians, instead of having to change their lifestyle. They each joined the movement, and began to promote the Maharishi and his teachings. They even announced that they gave up the use of drugs, which had earlier caused scandal for the band, because of what they learned.

Brian Epstein, manager of the Beatles, was also interested in TM, but had many problems in his personal life. He decided not to join the Beatles when they traveled to Wales to attend a weekend class given by the Maharishi, and stayed home. Later that weekend, Epstein overdosed on sleeping pills, and died in his sleep. The Beatles were very hurt by the news, and worried about what would happen to their careers. Maharishi tried to comfort them, telling them to think happy thoughts about Epstein, and let his spirit find peace.

The Beatles wanted to study with the Maharishi in India. They had just started their own company, Apple Corps, and with Epstein gone they had to work out many details for themselves. They could have found another manager, but decided they did not want one, and looked after Apple personally, until their helpers could take over running the company. Finally in early 1968, they made the trip to India.

The Beatles enjoyed the atmosphere in India, and the free time they had between classes, and began to write songs for a new album, which was later called the "White Album". One by one the Beatles lost interest. Ringo Starr, who had a sensitive stomach, became sick from the spicy food served at the ashram, and headed home after just a few days. Paul McCartney in time became bored, and also headed home. George Harrison and John Lennon stayed longer, but were upset when "Magic Alex", a friend who came to India with them, began to tell them stories about the Maharishi trying to have sexual intercourse with some of the women who came to the ashram. This Harrison and Lennon, and they went home the next day.

The Beatles were earlier interested in making a movie about the Maharishi and his work. When they began to talk with him about it, he surprised them by knowing more about business matters than they ever expected, and by asking questions about his share of the movie's profits. They did not think a "holy man" would be interested in such things. Between this and Magic Alex's stories, the band decided the Maharishi was a phony. They publicly denounced him, telling the media they thought he was something other than what he proved to be. Lennon wrote a song about him, whose words went "Maharishi, what have you done? You made a fool of everyone." He later changed the name "Maharishi" to "Sexy Sadie", to keep the Maharishi from seeking revenge of some kind, or a lawsuit, against him.

Years later, the Beatles realized Magic Alex's accusations were false. McCartney and Harrison began again to say good things about the Maharishi, and to promote his work. Starr called him "one of the I met in my life." Lennon never forgave Maharishi for letting him down personally, but still used TM from time to time. Lennon realized that he had been looking for a , and that any father figure he found was going to let him down in the end, so he was better off to work out his own problems.

The Beatles were not the only celebrities to get involved with the Maharishi and his work. Actress Mia Farrow, folk-rocker Donovan and Mike Love of the Beach Boys also studied with the Maharishi in India, and the Beach Boys later promoted TM, much more than the Beatles ever had. They toured together with the Maharishi, and Mike Love insisted people who worked for them meditate daily. The association did not work well for the Beach Boys, and an album they recorded at a school started by the Maharishi sold poorly. In time most of the Beach Boys lost interest, but Love continued to promote the Maharishi and his works.

Magician Doug Henning also became a follower of Transcendental Meditation. He campaigned to open a theme park called "Vedaland", based on Hinduism and the Maharishi's teachings. after his death, Doug Henning's widow continued the campaign.

Scientists studied people who meditated, and learned that TM really did help them to relax, and to think more clearly. A few Evangelical Christian ministers and writers denounced TM, calling it "a into Eastern religions", and said that mantras were really a way of invoking the Devil or demons. Other Christians saw no harm in it, or encouraged people who wanted to meditate to instead chant the name of Jesus Christ, or a name for God, or a line from a psalm or Christian prayer. In any case, TM went on to help many people around the world, and it is still taught as a form of meditation.

The Maharishi continued his teachings and work, later promoting the "Maharishi Technology of the " and other ideas. In time, he gave up his ashram in India, moving to The Netherlands in Europe. He announced his retirement in January 2008, only weeks before he died from natural causes.


Bristol City F.C.

Bristol City F.C. are an English football club. They are based in the city of Bristol. They play at Ashton Gate Stadium. They were formed in 1894.

Chesterfield F.C.

Chesterfield F.C. are an English football club. They started in 1867 and are based in Chesterfield in the county of Derbyshire. They play at a stadium called the Recreation Ground.

Doncaster Rovers F.C.

Doncaster Rovers F.C. are an English football club. They started in 1879 and play their home games at a stadium called Keepmoat Stadium.

Huddersfield Town F.C.

Huddersfield Town F.C. are an English football club. They started in 1908 and are based in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire. The club plays their home games at a stadium called the Kirklees Stadium.

Sanskara

In Hinduism and Buddhism, Sanskaras are the faint memories left on your mind by experiences you had in your present life or in past lives. Sanskaras change how you look at things in the future and how you act.

Supernanny

Supernanny is a British and American television program about a nanny, or babysitter, named Jo Frost who helps parents in taking care of their often disruptive or ill-behaved children. The UK version ran from 2004 to 2012. The US version ran from 2005 to 2011. 
Jo no longer does Supernanny as she has moved on to similar shows helping families.

Keyboard (computer)

A computer keyboard is an input device that allows a person to enter letters, numbers, and other symbols (together, these are called characters) into a computer. It is one of the most used input devices for computers. Using a keyboard is often called typing.

A keyboard contains many mechanical switches or push-buttons called "keys". When one of these is pushed, an electrical circuit is closed, and the keyboard sends a signal to the computer that tells it what letter, number, or symbol it would like to be shown on the screen. The computer then shows the character on the screen, usually at the place where the flashing text cursor is. 

Besides entering characters, computer keyboards also have special keys that change the symbol (such as shift or caps lock or give the computer special commands (such as the arrow keys, CTRL and ALT). Different computer operating system use different special keys or use them differently. Special commands can also be activated through combinations of keys, called keyboard shortcuts. Some of the most common shortcuts on Windows programs are: Ctrl + C, to copy some text or a picture; Ctrl + V, to paste what was copied; and Ctrl + F, to find a certain word on a document or web page.

A keyboard can be joined to a computer using a wire, but can also be wireless (like those that use Bluetooth). Most wired 21st-century keyboards connect to a USB socket on the computer, but older ones use a round, purple DIN connector.

There are different types of keyboards. They can be based on the way the keys work; for example, laptops have keys that do not move a lot, because the keyboard has to be very thin in order to fit inside the laptop. On the other hand, video game players often like keyboards with keys that move a lot, so that they feel the key working. Gaming keyboards also need fast reaction times. In between these two types, an ergonomic keyboard is made to be easier for people to type for long periods of time, without hurting their hands or arms. 

There are also different ways the keys on a keyboard are arranged, usually to deal with different regions and languages of the world. Most computer keyboards have the keys in six rows, but some laptops use only five or even four rows to save space. The most popular layout is called QWERTY, which is based on the first six letters on them. The QWERTY design was made so that the most common letters would not make the moving parts of a mechanical typewriter "jam", or stop working. Now, even though most people do not use typewriters anymore, the design stayed because people were used to it. Other layouts have been developed, for example the Dvorak keyboard, which puts the most common letters in the places that are easiest to reach.

Keystroke logging is making a record of each key that is pressed. Keystroke logging can be used to measure employee activity. Hackers can also use keystroke logging to get private information, such as passwords. This can be done by putting a piece of hardware in the keyboard or on the cable, or by installing malware in the computer. A wireless keyboard makes it especially easy for the hacker to detect the wireless signals.

The use of any keyboard may cause repetitive strain injury to the hands, wrists, arms, neck or back. The risks of injuries can be reduced by taking frequent, short breaks to get up and walk around, a couple of times every hour. Users should also vary tasks throughout the day, to avoid overuse of the hands and wrists. When using a keyboard, a person should keep the shoulders relaxed with the elbows at the side, with the keyboard and mouse positioned so that they are comfortable to use. The chair height and keyboard should be adjusted so that the wrists are straight, and not resting on sharp edges of tables or the computers themselves. Some technology ranging from special keyboards to pen-tablet interfaces or speech recognition software can reduce the risk of injury. Pause software reminds the user to pause frequently.

Researchers are studying if keyboards can spread diseases. Some keyboards were found to contain five times more germs than a toilet seat.


Rhythm guitar

The term rhythm guitar refers to the style of playing guitar chords, and sometimes playing repeated riffs instead of using the guitar to play melody lines or solos (this kind of playing is called lead guitar). Rhythm guitarists add to the sound of a band, whether they play rock and roll, or other kinds of music.

John Lennon of The Beatles usually played rhythm guitar for the band, with George Harrison playing lead guitar. However, Lennon sometimes played keyboards, and once in a while took the lead guitar role, as he did in the songs "You Can't Do That" and "Get Back".

Sheet music for rhythm guitar is usually written above the classical notes. It is written in Guitar chord format.

Book of Revelation

The Book of Revelation, which is sometimes called Revelation to John, Apocalypse of John, or Revelation of Jesus Christ is the last book of the New Testament in the Bible.

The last book of the New Testament is usually called the "Book of Revelation" or simply "Revelation". While some of the earliest manuscripts are entitled "The Revelation of John" (), later manuscripts are usually entitled "The Revelation of the Theologian" (). For this reason, the Authorized King James Version calls Revelation the "Revelation of Saint John the Divine" ("divine" was a seventeenth century word for "theologian".)

In Greek, the word "apocalypse" means "revealing" or "unveiling".

Over the course of Revelation, which many regard as the most difficult book in the Bible, the author has two visions. There are many different ways to interpret these visions, and there has been substantial disagreement over which is right.

The person writing Revelation, who called himself "John", claims he was on the island of Patmos in the Aegean Sea when he saw his first vision. But there is disagreement over whether he is the same person as the Bible's other two Johns: the author of the letters of John and the author of The Gospel of John.

Revelation begins by introducing John as its author, and has letters to seven churches of that day. Some think these churches also represent periods of history. Various visions follow that are highly symbolic, allow many different interpretations, and are often thought to represent past and future events. Some believe that many of these prophecies have already been fulfilled, some believe they will be fulfilled at the end of time, and some believe they do not refer to any specific events but instead describe the victory of Christ over all enemies. 

Parts of the book seem to use symbols and codes in order to hide their meaning from outsiders, including the mysterious "number of the beast," or 666. The book ends with a vision of faithful souls in the next life rejoicing around the throne of God. 

Christians often discuss topics from the book of Revelation, including the Millennium, a 1000-year period when Christ will rule the earth. Revelation also describes a final war between good and evil known as the Battle of Armageddon, though the word "Armageddon" is also sometimes used to describe any large war that ends the world. Both of these events are thought to be literal by some and figurative by others. While virtually all Christians agree that there will be a Second Coming of Christ, it is the subject of conflicting accounts in Revelation and therefore much disagreement about its details.

Throughout history, Revelation has been especially important to Christians who were suffering persecution and felt parts of the book could have been referring to them. Some verses that mention the afterlife have also traditionally been used at funerals.


Keyboard

Keyboard may mean:


Theodor Fontane

Theodor Fontane (; 30 December 1819 – 20 September 1898) was a German novelist and poet, regarded by many to be the most important 19th-century German-language realist writer.

Fontane was born in Neuruppin into a Huguenot family. At the age of sixteen he became apprentice in a pharmacy and then a pharmacist himself (like his father). In 1839, at the age of 20, wrote his first work ("Heinrichs IV. erste Liebe", now lost). His first published work, the novella "Geschwisterliebe" (or "Sibling Love"), appeared in the "Berlin Figaro" in December 1839.

His first job as apothecary was in Dresden after which he returned to his father's shop, now in the provincial town of Letschin in the Oderbruch region. In this time Fontane published articles in the Leipzig newspaper "Die Eisenbahn" (railway) and translated Shakespeare. In 1843, he joined a literary club called Tunnel über der Spree (i.e. Tunnel over the river Spree) in Berlin where he came into contact with many of the most important German writers such as Theodor Storm, Joseph von Eichendorff and Gottfried Keller.

In 1844 Fontane enrolled in the Prussian army and set out on the first of many journeys to England. There he learned about old English ballads. Soon afterwards he wrote ballads himself. At that time he became engaged to his future wife, Emilie Rouanet-Kummer, whom he had first met when still at school.

He was - very short - enganged in the revolutionary events of the revolution of 1848. In 1849 he quit his job as an apothecary and became a full-time journalist and writer. In order to support his family he took a job as a writer for the Prussian intelligence agency "Centralstelle für Preßangelegenheiten" which was meant to influence the press towards a German national cause. Again he specialised in British affairs, and the agency sent him as correspondent to London for a couple of years. His wife and two sons followed him there. While still in London he quit his government job and, on his return to Berlin, became editor of the conservative "Kreuzzeitung" (newspaper).

His books about Britain include "Ein Sommer in London" (1854); "Aus England, Studien und Briefe" (1860) and "Jenseits des Tweed, Bilder und Briefe aus Schottland" (1860). At the period, and following the fashion of Walter Scott, traditional British stories were still "en vogue" on the continent. His "Gedichte" (1851) and ballads "Männer und Helden" (1860) tell of Britain's glories in days gone by.

Back in Germany, Fontane became particularly interested in the Mark Brandenburg region. He was especially proud of its past achievements and delighted in the growth of its capital city, Berlin. His fascination with the countryside surrounding Berlin may be seen in his delightfully picturesque "Wanderungen durch die Mark Brandenburg" (1862-1882, 5 vols.).

In 1870, he quit his job at the "Kreuzzeitung" and became theater critic for the liberal "Vossische Zeitung" (newspaper). This job he kept until retirement. He had already written about Prussia's war against Denmark and the Austro-Prussian War. Then he went to write about the Franco-Prussian War in 1870 and was taken prisoner. He remained in French captivity for three months. His experiences there are set down in "Kriegsgefangen Erlebtes 1870 (1871)"; subsequently he published his observations on the campaign in "Der Krieg gegen Frankreich 1870-71" (1874-1876).

At the ripe age of 57 Fontane finally took to what he would be remembered for, the novel. His fine historical novel "Vor dem Sturm" (1878) was followed by a series of novels of modern life, notably "L'Adultera" (1882), a book about adultery which was considered so risqué that it took Fontane two years to find a publisher. In his novels "Frau Jenny Treibel", "Irrungen, Wirrungen", and "Effi Briest" (1894), he found his very own tone, he wrote about insights into the lives of the nobility as well as the "common man"; his achievement there was later described as poetic realism. In "Der Stechlin" (1899), his last finished novel, Fontane adapted the realistic methods and social criticism of contemporary French fiction to the conditions of Prussian life.



See Thomas Mann's 1910 essay, "The Old Fontane," in "Essays of Three Decades" (Knopf, 1947). Very fine.


Pachelbel's Canon

Pachelbel's Canon (also known as Canon in D major or just Canon in D) is the most famous piece of music by Johann Pachelbel. It was written in or around the time period of 1680, as a piece of chamber music for three violins and basso continuo, but it has been arranged for many other instruments since then. It is well known for its chord progression.

Pachelbel's Canon is often played at weddings.

This is Pachelbel's Canon played on a piano:

Damme

Damme is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders, six kilometres northeast of Brugge (Bruges). It is made up of the city of Damme proper and the towns of Hoeke, Lapscheure, Moerkerke, Oostkerke, Sijsele, Vivenkapelle, and Sint-Rita.

In 2007, 10853 people lived there.

It is at 51° 15 North, 03° 17 East.

Hit record

A hit record is a recording (either a single or an album) that becomes very popular, through large sales of copies, repeated airplay on the radio. or presence in the media. One aspect usually promotes one or more of the others.

The Beatles, Elvis Presley, The Eagles and Michael Jackson all had many hit records. They are among the biggest-selling musical acts of all time. Not every recording artist has a hit record. Many artists and groups lose their recording contracts, if their records do not become hits.

Not all hit records feature music. Some spoken word records also become hits, including comedy recordings. Bill Cosby, George Carlin, and Cheech & Chong are comedians who have all had hit records. A recording of speeches by the late American President John F. Kennedy became one of the biggest-selling albums of the 1960s.

Pauline epistles

The Pauline epistles are the fourteen New Testament books which most Christians think were written by the Apostle Paul. Some of them are the earliest Christian documents. They show many of the beliefs and controversies of Christianity. Many Christians think these letters are very important for theology and ethics.

The First Timothy, Second Timothy, and Titus are sometimes known as the pastoral epistles.

In the order they appear in the New Testament, the Pauline epistles are:

Viljandi

Viljandi (, ) is a town and municipality in southern Estonia. As of 2012, 19,150 people lived there. It is the capital of Viljandi County. The town was first mentioned in 1283, after being given its town charter by Villekinus de Endorpe.

Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God

Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God is famous sermon that was preached by Jonathan Edwards in 1741. He was an important Calvinist minister. The sermon is often used in American high schools and college English classes as an example of the Puritan writings.

Edwards taught the sermon many times. The first time was in Northampton, Massachusetts, but it did not get much attention. But on the second time in Enfield, Connecticut, it made many people weep, swoon, cry out, and have convulsions.

Deuteronomy 32:35 says, "Their foot shall slide in due time." That verse was the main focus of the beginning of the sermon. As was normal in 18th century New England, the sermon was printed and many copies were made. It has proven to be the main reason of his theology and preaching that was taught by many people in the first Great Awakening.


Physical constant

In science, a physical constant is a number (physical quantity) that does not change. This is different from a mathematical constant, which is not based on a real measurement.

There are many physical constants in science. Some famous ones are the speed of light, Planck's constant, the gravitational constant, and Avogadro's number.

Some scientists think that physical constants may decrease as the universe gets older. There has been no evidence to support this yet.

Constants that do not have units (like length or speed) are called fundamental physical constants.

Some believe that if the physical constants were different, there would be no life in the universe. They say that the universe seems to be fine-tuned for intelligent life.


Cookstown

Cookstown is a small town in Northern Ireland which is in the United Kingdom. 10646 people live in the town. The main street in Cookstown is the longest and widest in Ireland.
On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and found out that there were 10,646 people living in Cookstown. They also found that:

Dungannon

Dungannon is a town in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.

On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and found that were 11,139 people living in Dungannon. Of these:

Coagh

Coagh is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and found that there were 545 people living in Coagh. They also found that:

Stewartstown

Stewartstown is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom. It is 5 miles from Cookstown and 7 miles from Dungannon.
On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and found that there were 608 people living in Stewartstown. They also found that:

Ballymena

Ballymena is a town in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom. The actor Liam Neeson and the politician and church minister Ian Paisley used to live in the town.

On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and found that there were 28,717 people living in Ballymena. They also found that:

Society of St. John the Evangelist

The Society of St. John the Evangelist is an Anglican order. The monks make a vow: They say they want to live in poverty and that they will not marry anyone. The order was founded by Father Richard Meux Benson, an Anglican priest in 1866. Because they were founded in Cowley, near Oxford in England they are also known as the Cowley fathers. 

It has two branches, the original one in England, and one in the United States. The house in the United States was founded around the year 1874. The American branch of the society has 2 houses for their monks. Today, there are monasteries in Scotland, India, South Africa, Japan, and Canada. 

The monks live under The Rule of the Society of Saint John the Evangelist. The monks spend a lot of time in prayer and they also go on missions. They are one of the first monasteries founded after the Protestant Reformation.

The fellowship of the Society of St.John the Evangelist is a group of people who want to live there lives in close a relation with the monks at the society. They give money to the society and pray for the monks there. They make a rule of life that is similar to The Rule of the Society of St.John the Evangelist. There are about 1,000 men and woman who are apart of the fellowship. One of the most famous members is Frank Griswold.

Magherafelt

Magherafelt is a small town in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and found that there were 8,372 people living in Magherafelt. They also found that:

Constituent country

A constituent country is a type of country which serves as an administrative division. Constituent countries usually form together to make a larger sovereign country (such as the United Kingdom, a sovereign territory made up of four countries). Unlike federal countries, power between constituent countries may not be spread out evenly, with one of them usually holding the capital and government.
The United Kingdom is a sovereign country made of four constituent countries. They are (in order of size) England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland. While all four are often referred to as countries, they are technically "constituent" countries within a "sovereign" country; UK. They are also sometimes referred to as regions, provinces, nations, or statelets. However, these titles are problematic and in particular, sensitive in Northern Ireland.

Even though Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have been given their own devolved assemblies, the UK Government still deals with most nation-wide matters and directly administers England.


The Kingdom of the Netherlands is made of 4 constituent countries. They are the Netherlands proper, Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten all in the Caribbean. The countries of the Kingdom all have high degrees of autonomy, with the European Netherlands only retaining power for defence and international relations. Everyone born in the Kingdom has Dutch nationality.

Earlier (before 10 October 2010) it had 3 constituent countries: the Netherlands proper, Aruba and the Netherlands Antilles. Before 1975 Suriname was part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.


The Kingdom of Denmark is a sovereign state in Scandinavia, located in Europe. Denmark is made up of three constituent countries: Denmark, Greenland, and the Faroe Islands. Similar to the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the countries of the Danish Kingdom are highly autonomous. Denmark retains powers for international representation and defence. 


In China there are two special administrative regions which are sometimes referred to as countries.

In Tanzania, has its own government, it is deemed a Federacy and Semi-Autonomous Province which is considered a Constituent Country

 Karakalpakstan is a constituent country of Uzbekistan located in the northwest of the country along the Amu Darya river; it has a degree of autonomy and self-governance as its own republic within Uzbekistan.

In Moldova there are two constituent countries:

Countries may be held (usually by force) as part of a larger country or federation of countries. An example of this was the Soviet Union, which held various countries in eastern Europe by force for up to 70 years.

Many dependent territories exist. They tend to be small countries or islands which larger countries have "collected" in the course of their history. For example, Niue is considered to be a country even though its sovereignty belongs to New Zealand. 

The Channel Islands are not part of the United Kingdom, but are "Crown Dependencies". Sometimes people refer to the Crown Dependencies as countries.

In Philippines, Bangsamoro autonomous region is sometimes called a country, because (Bangsa) means nation

Leyton Orient F.C.

Leyton Orient F.C. are an English football club. They started in 1881 and are based in Leyton, London. Their nickname is "The O's" and they play their home games at a stadium called Brisbane Road.


Northampton Town F.C.

Northampton Town F.C. is an English football club. They started in 1897 and are based in Northampton in the county of Northamptonshire. They play their home games at a stadium called Sixfields Stadium and are nicknamed "The Cobblers".

Counties of Northern Ireland

There are six counties which make up Northern Ireland. They are County Antrim, County Armagh, County Down, County Fermanagh, County Londonderry and County Tyrone. The six counties in Northern Ireland and the 26 counties in the Republic of Ireland make up the 32 counties of the island of Ireland.

Nottingham Forest F.C.

Nottingham Forest F.C. is an English football club. They are based in Nottingham in the county of Nottinghamshire and started in 1865. They play their home matches at a stadium called 'City Ground'. Brian Clough was one of their managers and when he was in charge, Nottingham Forest won two European Cups and four League Cups. Since then they have dropped down to the 3rd division and back up to the second, they have had managers like Gary Megson, Joe Kinnear, David Platt and Frank Clark. They have no manager now. Their last one was Colin Calderwood.

Brian Clough

Brian Howard Clough ( ; 21 March 1935 – 20 September 2004) was an English footballer turned manager. During his career he was in charge of Hartlepool United, Derby County F.C., Brighton & Hove Albion, Leeds United and most notably Nottingham Forest F.C. He won a lot of trophies, including the European Cup with Nottingham Forest F.C. in 1979 and 1980.

Clough was an alcoholic. He had a liver transplant in 2003. He died of stomach cancer.

!Total||2||0

Irish national grid reference system

The Irish national grid reference system is the system of grid references used in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. It overlaps the British national grid reference system. In the grid references, Ireland is divided into 20 squares, of 100 kilometres length and 100 kilometres width. Each grid square is given a letter as its name.

Districts of Northern Ireland

Since 1 October 1973, Northern Ireland is made of 26 districts. Each district has a council which looks after local services. The 26 districts are made of 582 wards. Each ward elects 1 councillor. There 582 councillors in Northern Ireland and there is an election every 4 years. The voting system used to elect each councillor is Single Transferable Vote. Some of the councils are known as "Borough" or "City" councils. Every year, each council elects a chairman. In "Borough" and "City" councils, the chairman is called the Mayor. In Belfast City Council, the chairman is called the Lord Mayor. In "Borough" and "City" councils, up to 25% of councillors are given the title Alderman.

Post town

In the United Kingdom, a post town is the town that you must write on a letter if you want it to go to that area. There are around 1500 post towns in the United Kingdom.

Hudson Motor Car Company

The Hudson Motor Car Company was an American automobile manufacturer, founded in Detroit, Michigan in 1909. They were well known for producing low-priced cars of good quality. They also pioneered safety features in their cars, like dashboard warning lights for oil pressure and generator power. Hudson's production peak was in 1929, with 300,000 cars built in their factories in America, Belgium and England.

In 1954, Hudson merged with the Nash-Kelvinator Company, to form American Motors Corporation. American Motors (also known as AMC) became famous for their line of Jeep vehicles (a civilian version of military Jeeps), and later Ramblers, Gremlins, and Pacer cars. AMC was finally bought out by the Chrysler Corporation, which still makes Jeep brand vehicles.

Jack Kerouac's novel "On the Road" describes road trips made by Kerouac and his friend Neal Cassady, driving a 1949 Hudson automobile. (Cassady ruined his car, driving cross-country at speeds over 100 miles per hour, without giving the car the maintenance it needed.)

BT postcode area

The BT postcode area (also called the Belfast postcode area) is how each area in Northern Ireland has postcodes. Northern Ireland was the last part of the United Kingdom to get post codes. The BT postcode area was made between 1970 and 1974. 

The Belfast post town districts are BT1 to BT17, BT58 and part of BT29. "BT" is short way of saying "Belfast". The postcode for Belfast city centre starts "BT1". The Royal Mail office in Belfast has a postcode of BT1 1AA. 

The rest of Northern Ireland has 43 other post towns. The post town districts for the 43 post towns are BT18 to BT57, BT60 to BT82, BT92 to BT94 and part of BT29.

Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service

The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service (NIFRS) is the fire service for Northern Ireland, United Kingdom. 2000 people work for the NIFRS. There are 67 fire stations in Northern Ireland. Sometimes bad people throw stones at the firemen. Some firemen were killed in the Troubles.

BT

BT is an abbreviation and can stand for:

Northern Ireland Ambulance Service

The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS) is the ambulance service for Northern Ireland, United Kingdom. It was created on 1 April 1995. Around 1000 people work for the NIAS.


Września

Września is a small town in Greater Poland Voivodeship in Poland. 30,000 people live in Września and the mayor is Tomasz Kałużny.

Police Service of Northern Ireland

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) () is the police service that covers Northern Ireland. It was started on 4 November 2001. The old police service for Northern Ireland was the Royal Ulster Constabulary. The service is based in Cherryvalley, east Belfast. The current Chief Constable is Simon Byrne. The old Chief Constables were Sir Hugh Orde OBE,Sir Ronnie Flanagan OBE and Colin Cramphorn.

All the big political parties in Northern Ireland support the PSNI. Earlier, the political party Sinn Féin, who have many supporters, did not support the police. But after the St Andrews Agreement they decided to support them after a special Ard Fheis about the police on 28 January 2007.
In September 2005 the PSNI started the Historical Enquiries Team to help solve 3,269 murders that happened during the Troubles. The Northern Ireland Policing Board make sure that the PSNI are fair and do a good job. The Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland investigates complaints about the police. The current Police Ombudsman is Al Hutchinson. The last Ombudsman was Nuala O'Loan. She was the Ombudsman until November 2007.
The PSNI gives 50% of its jobs to Roman Catholics and 50% of its jobs to people who are not Roman Catholic. This is because many people think there are not enough Roman Catholics in the PSNI. By 2006, 20% of PSNI policemen were Roman Catholic. Only 8.3% of policemen in the old Royal Ulster Constabulary were Roman Catholic. About 30% of the force will be Roman Catholics by 2011. 
The colour of the PSNI uniform is green. The PSNI badge has Saint Patrick's saltire on it and six other symbols. They are the scales of justice, the harp, the torch, the olive branch, the shamrock and a crown.
The flag of the PSNI is the badge in the centre of a dark green field.



Grameen Bank

The Grameen Bank is a community development bank started in Bangladesh. They give small loans (known as microcredit or "grameencredit" ) to poor people without asking for money before the loan is given. The word "Grameen", is made of the word "gram" or "village", and means "of the village". The system of this bank is based on the idea that the poor have skills but have no chance to use their skills without some money. The bank also controls some businesses, such as fabric, telephone and energy companies. Most of the banks loans go to women.

The Grameen Bank was started 1976 when Professor Muhammad Yunus, a Fulbright scholar and Professor at University of Chittagong, researched how to provide banking for the rural poor. In October 1983, the Grameen Bank Project was made into an independent bank by the government. The group and its first member, Muhammad Yunus, were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

Some people have said the banks prices are too expensive and put people in a debt-trap. Some have also said that the bank would not work if people did not give donations. At the same time, it is often seen as a success story in microfinance and as the guide for other groups around the world.

Muhammad Yunus, the banks first member, earned a Ph.D. in economics from Vanderbilt University in the United States. During the Bangladesh famine of 1974 he gave a small loan of USD 27 to a group of 42 families so that they could make small items and sell them without owing too much money. Yunus believed that a lot less people would be poor around Bangladesh if they could find small loans.

The Grameen Bank ("Bank of the Villages", in the Bengali language) is the product of Yunus' ideas. The bank began as a research project by Yunus and the Rural Economics Project at Bangladesh's University of Chittagong. They gave out some small loans and waited to know what would happen. In 1976, the village of Jobra and other villages surrounding the University of Chittagong became the first places where Grameen Bank loaned money to people. The Bank was very successful and with support from the main Bangladesh Bank, gave loans for the Tangail District (to the north of the capital, Dhaka). The bank's success continued and it soon gave loans in many areas of Bangladesh. On 2 October 1983, the project was made into an independent bank, by the Bangladeshi government. Bankers from ShoreBank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus by making Grameen Bank a part of Shorebank with money from the Ford Foundation. After the 1998 flood of Bangladesh, many people could not pay their debts to Grameen for a few years. By the beginning of 2005, the bank had loaned over USD 4.7 billion to poor people.

Grameen Bank now loans money to poor people all over India. By 2006, India had over 2,100 Grameen Bank branches. Its success has inspired similar projects in more than 40 countries around the world and has made World Bank to take an initiative to finance Grameen-type schemes.

The bank gets help with money. In the mid-1990s, the bank started getting most of its funding from the central bank of Bangladesh. More recently, Grameen has been borrowing money. The Government of Bangladesh guarantees that money borrowed by the Grameen Bank will be repaid.

Grameen Bank is best known for solidarity lending. The Bank also incorporates a set of values embodied in Bangladesh by the "Sixteen Decisions". At every branch of Grameen Bank the borrowers recite these Decisions and vow to follow them.

There is solidarity lending in over 43 countries. Each borrower must belong to a five-member group, the group does not need to give a guarantee for a loan. The loan is made to only one person but the whole group is to make sure that the money is repaid. Each member has to pay for their own loan but if they have problems the group may help them pay because the group would not get any more loans from Grameen if all the groups loans were not paid.

Grameen Bank does not take people to court if they cannot pay, the system works on trust only. Solidarity groups agree with Grameen to save enough for extra payments in case they cannot pay every time.

Not many women in India can have loans from big banks so 97% of Grameens loans go to women. Women get treated very badly in some countries, and groups, such as the World Bank are researching to know if small loans are helping women around the world. 
Over 98 percent of Grameens loans have been paid back but the Wall Street Journal says that 20% of the loans took more than a year longer than the time agreed to pay the loan back. Grameen says that more than half of its borrowers in Bangladesh (close to 50 million) now: have all children of school age in school, all household members eating three meals a day, a clean toilet, a rainproof house, clean drinking water and can pay 300 taka-a-week (around 4 USD) towards their loans.

One of the things Grameen Bank does for poor people is the Village Phone program. Women entrepreneurs can start a business providing a payphone service in rural areas of Bangladesh. The Village Phone Program was awarded the 2004 Petersburg Prize of EUR 100,000 for Technology to Development. The Development Gateway Foundation said:

...Grameen has created a new class of women entrepreneurs who have raised themselves from poverty. Moreover, it has improved the livelihoods of farmers and others who are provided access to critical market information and lifeline communications previously unattainable in some 28,000 villages of Bangladesh. More than 55,000 phones are currently in operation, with more than 80 million people benefiting from access to market information, news from relatives, and more.
In 2003, Grameen Bank started a new loan program, different from the Solidarity Group, to help the beggars in Bangladesh. This program is made to give small loans to beggars. The loans cost only the amount of the loan and the repayment take a long time, for example, a beggar taking a small loan of around 100 taka (about US $1.50) can pay only 2.00 taka (about 3.4 US cents) per week and only repays 100 taka.

The bank does not force the beggars to give up begging but tries to get them selling low-priced items. The Global Microcredit Summit in 2006 by one of the banks managers says that by May 2006, around 73,000 beggars have taken loans of about 58.32 million taka (approx. USD 833,150) and repaid 34.78 million taka (about USD 496,900).

Grameen Bank is owned by the people who borrow the money, mostly women. The borrowers own 94% of the bank, and the other 6% is owned by the Government of Bangladesh.

In October 2007, the bank had 7.34 million borrowers, and 97% of those were women. 
The number of borrowers had more than doubled since 2003, when the bank had only 3.12 million members. In October 2007, the Bank had a staff of over 24,703 employees and 2,468 branches covering 80,257 villages. There were 43,681 villages covered in the year 2003.
Since its start, the bank has loaned 347.75 billion taka (USD 6.55 billion). 313.11 billion taka (USD 5.87 billion) has been repaid. The bank says 98.35% of loans are repaid. In 1998, 95% of loans were repaid. However, many critics doubt this recovery rate and the definition that Grameen uses to come up with this rate.

Grameen Bank received awards such as, the Bangladesh Independence Day Award, in 1994. The bank got its best known award on 13 October 2006, when the Nobel Committee awarded Grameen Bank and its first member, Muhammad Yunus, the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize "for their efforts to create economic and social development from below." The Nobel Foundation says: 
From modest beginnings three decades ago, Yunus has, first and foremost through Grameen Bank, developed micro-credit into an ever more important instrument in the struggle against poverty. Grameen Bank has been a source of ideas and models for the many institutions in the field of micro-credit that have sprung up around the world.
Mosammat Taslima Begum, used her first loan of 16-euro (20-dollar) from the bank in 1992 to buy a goat and subsequently became a successful entrepreneur and one of the elected board members of the bank. She collected the Nobel Prize for Grameen Bank on 10 December 2006, at the prize awarding ceremony in Oslo City Hall.

Grameen Bank is the only business to have won a Nobel Prize. In a speech given at the presentation ceremony, Professor Ole Danbolt Mjøs, Chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, said that, by giving the prize to Grameen Bank and Muhammad Yunus, the Norwegian Nobel Committee wanted to make more contact with the Muslim world, to help women, and on to fight against poverty.

The people in Bangladesh were very happy with the Nobel Prize. Some critics asserted that the award affirms neoliberalism.

The Grameen Bank has grown into over two dozen groups called the Grameen Family of Enterprises. These groups include Grameen Trust, Grameen Fund, Grameen Communications, Grameen Shakti (Grameen Energy), Grameen Telecom, Grameen Shikkha (Grameen Education), Grameen Motsho (Grameen Fisheries), Grameen Baybosa Bikash (Grameen Business Development), Grameen Phone, Grameen Software Limited, Grameen CyberNet Limited, Grameen Knitwear Limited, and Grameen Uddog (owner of the brand Grameen Check).

On 11 July 2005 the Grameen Mutual Fund One (GMFO), was listed as an Initial Public Offering. One of the first mutual funds of its kind, GMFO will allow the over four million Grameen bank members, as well as non-members, to buy into Bangladesh's capital markets. The Grameen group is worth over USD 7.4 billion.

The Grameen Foundation was based on the work of Grameen Bank in Bangladesh and they want to share the Grameen ideas and hurry microfinance to the worlds poorest people. Grameen Foundation USA, which has an A- rating from Charity Watch, supports microfinance institutions worldwide with loan guarantees, training, and technology transfer. As of 2006, Grameen Foundation supports microfinance institutions in the following regions:

Sudhirendar Sharma, a development analyst, says that the Grameen Bank has "landed poor communities in a perpetual debt-trap", and that its ultimate benefit goes to the corporations that sell capital goods and infrastructure to the borrowers. Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina, who said, "There is no difference between usurers [Yunus] and corrupt people." Hasina also says the bank wants too much in return for the loans. Loans from Grameen Bank cost more than bigger banks, around 20% interest. The Mises Institute's Jeffrey Tucker says that Grameen Bank is not good enough for Indias economy and is a way of giving money to people who are not working.


2001 United Kingdom census

On Sunday 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom Government held a census. This was the 19th UK Census. United Kingdom Census 2001 was started by the Office for National Statistics in England and Wales, the General Register Office for Scotland and the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency. It was the first census to ask people in England, Scotland and Wales about their religion.


Hug

A hug is an embrace between two or more people. It is usually a sign of affection or love or sympathy.

In several cases observed by psychologists around the globe, hugs are often used to solidify relationships in both sexual and platonic cases and often lead to further physical encounters.

A hug is very good for people. Hugging can release a chemical called Oxytocin, which helps make a person feel less stressed. It also helps a person's immune system, and makes them feel less pain. Hugs can even help a person stay calm in a stressful situation. 


WWE Intercontinental Championship

The WWE Intercontinental Championship is a professional wrestling championship in WWE (World Wrestling Entertainment). It is the first secondary title of WWE. It has been the exclusive secondary championship of WWE's weekly TV show "Raw" since May 2023 when the champion at the time, Gunther, was moved to the show from "SmackDown" in the 2023 WWE draft.

The WWE Intercontinental Championship was first known as the WWF (World Wrestling Federation) Intercontinental Championship, until the WWE/WWF 2002 lawsuit. Following the title's introduction in 1979, Pat Patterson became the inaugural champion on September 15. The title's creation came as a result of Patterson defeating Ted DiBiase to win the WWF North American Championship and defending the title in a fictional tournament held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil to be unified with a South American Championship.

In March 2001, the World Wrestling Federation bought World Championship Wrestling. Soon after, "The Invasion" took place in which the WCW/ECW Alliance was beaten in the end. At Survivor Series 2001, the title was made into one with the WCW United States Championship. The United States Champion, Edge, won against the Intercontinental Champion, Test, and became the new Intercontinental Champion while the United States Championship became inactive until 2003. 
After the WWF/WWE name change in 2002, the championship became known as the WWE Intercontinental Championship. It was then unified with the European Championship in a ladder match on July 22, and later the Hardcore Championship on August 26. The Intercontinental Champion, Rob Van Dam, won against the European Champion, Jeff Hardy, and the Hardcore Champion, Tommy Dreamer. As a result, Rob Van Dam was named the last European and Hardcore Champion. Then at No Mercy 2002, it was unified with the World Heavyweight Championship. The World Heavyweight Champion, Triple H, won against the Intercontinental Champion, Kane, and continued to be the World Heavyweight Champion while the Intercontinental Championship became inactive. In May 2003, after fan protests of the retirement of the Intercontinental Title, the title was reactivated by "Raw" Co-General Manager, Stone Cold Steve Austin, and was recommissioned to be the secondary championship for the "Raw" brand. Shortly after, the WCW United States Championship was reactivated as the WWE United States Championship by the "SmackDown"! brand, making the Intercontinental Championship its equal counterpart for the "Raw" brand. During the 2009 WWE Draft the two title swapped brands, making the Intercontinental Championship "SmackDown" property and the US Title "Raw" property. On August 29, 2011, all WWE programming became "Supershows" that feature wrestlers from both brands, ending the brand extension. All WWE titles can now be defended at any WWE event. 

At WrestleMania 32, the title was won by Zack Ryder in a seven-man ladder match, losing it the next night to The Miz on "Raw". The brand split was brought back in July of 2016, with the Miz being drafted to "SmackDown Live", bringing the Intercontinental title to that show. After a long feud with Dolph Ziggler over the title, the Miz lost the belt to Dean Ambrose on an episode of "SmackDown Live" on January 3, 2017. Ambrose was drafted to "Raw" in the 2017 Superstar Shake-Up, bringing the Intercontinental title to that show.

Gunther won the title from Ricochet on the June 10, 2022 edition of "SmackDown". He is in his first reign and is the longest reigning Intercontinental Champion with + days.



List of members of the European Parliament for the United Kingdom (2004–2009)

This is a list of Members of the European Parliament for the United Kingdom who were voted to serve from 2004 to 2009.
<br>

"This table can be sorted by constituency, party or party group: click the symbol at the top of the appropriate column."

Polygamy

Polygamy is a word that comes from late Greek. It can be translated as "many marriages". It refers to any form of marriage where a person has "more than one spouse". There is also a concept called group marriage. In group marriage, all the (adult) members of the group are responsible for all the children.
A man being married to more than one woman at the same time is called polygyny. A woman being married to more than one man at the same time is called polyandry. 

Both forms have occurred in humans. Polygyny is much more common, and is practised by millions of people, mostly in Muslim and African countries. According to Muslim 
Sharia law, a man can have many wives at the same time. In many African Pagan religions, polygamy is a common custom, and there is also often no limit to the number of women a man can marry. In most non-Muslim and non-African countries, polygamy is illegal, and a person who has more than one spouse can be prosecuted for bigamy. Some countries, including India, only permit Muslims to be polygamous.

Polygamy is one of the beliefs of Mormon Fundamentalists. These are Mormons (members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints) who strictly follow the teachings of Joseph Smith. Smith felt it was his job to restore plural marriage to the earth. He was married to 33 women. In 1890 the Mormon church officially stopped "celestial marriages" (polygamy). Church members who continue to practice plural marriage are excommunicated from the church.

Isithembu (Sethepu) is the African practice of a man being able to have more than one wife at the same time. A man may marry again if his current wife or wives cannot have children. He keeps his current wife or wives as divorce is not allowed. A man may marry again if his current wife or wives have not produced male children. He can marry again if a wife does not want children. In some places, if a man dies, his wife or wives are married to his brother. This way his family is cared for. The Swazi culture says a man should have many wives. Polygamy (Isithembu) is normal for men. Woman should have children, which is normal for them.

Rickenbach, Solothurn

Rickenbach is a municipality in the Olten district in Solothurn canton in Switzerland.


Rickenbach

Rickenbach can be the name of any of the following places:

In Germany:

In Switzerland:

Neal Cassady

Neal Cassady (February 8, 1926 - February 4, 1968) was an American writer. He was a member of the Beat Generation circle of writers and poets, of the 1950s and 1960s. He was a close friend of Allen Ginsberg and Jack Kerouac, and was the main inspiration behind Kerouac's breakthrough novel "On the Road". Later he was the bus driver of Ken Kesey's "Merry Pranksters", during the hippie era.

Cassady was born in Salt Lake City, literally "on the road", as his mother gave birth to him while his parents rode in a car. They later separated, with his father raising young Cassady in Denver, Colorado. He got into trouble often as a boy, and spent part of his teen years in a juvenile facility. While locked up, he began to write letters back and forth with Hal Chase, another member of the (then-future) Beat Generation. Chase told his friends Kerouac and Ginsberg about Cassady, who wanted to meet him.

After he was released, Cassady traveled to New York, marrying sixteen-year-old LuAnne Henderson on the way. He met Ginsberg, and began a homosexual relationship with him (despite Cassady's marriage), and a friendship with Kerouac, recently divorced, who began to teach Cassady about writing. Kerouac's mother, whom he lived with, did not like Cassady, sensing he was just a con artist.

Kerouac knew this was at least partly true, but he did not mind, since he enjoyed Cassady's company. They looked a little like each other, and strangers who met them often guessed the two were brothers. They became very close personally, and felt that they really were brothers, though they came from different parents.

Cassady was a restless person, and his wife got tired of him not giving their marriage the attention it needed. She left him, and returned to her family. Cassady soon forgot about her, and started relationships with other women, and also with men. (He and LuAnne got back together later, but their reconciliation did not last.) Before long, he decided he wanted to travel. Cassady was an expert driver, and had no trouble driving cars at over 100 miles per hour, over long stretches of highway. Kerouac left his mother behind, and joined Cassady on many road trips, across the United States and even into Mexico. When Kerouac got sick in Mexico City, Cassady could not wait for him to get better, and left Kerouac behind at a hospital. Kerouac had to find his own way home, and was angry at Cassady, while Kerouac's mother thought it just proved her suspicions about him. Cassady turned up later, asking Kerouac's forgiveness, which he gave him. Good or bad, Kerouac's experiences with Cassady were what he needed to finish a novel about cross-country travel, which he had wanted to write for years.

Kerouac was married again to Joan Haverty, and in trying to explain his friendship with Cassady to his new wife, he typed a long narrative, using a roll of teletype paper so he did not have to stop to change pages. He spent three weeks working on the narrative almost non-stop. It became the manuscript for his new novel, which he called "On the Road".

His wife was bothered by the fact that he spent more time working on the manuscript than with her, and separated from him not long after it was finished. Kerouac spent the next six years making changes and improvements to the manuscript, until a publisher agreed to print it as a book. Cassady's name was changed to "Dean Moriarty", to make the book appear more fictional than it really was. Kerouac delivered one of the first printed copies of "On the Road" in person to Cassady, who did not give Kerouac the reaction he expected. Instead of being happy and proud, Cassady seemed disturbed and scared, by knowing that part of his life was now in print, and his character documented for the public to see.

"On the Road" was published in 1957, and it made both Kerouac and Cassady famous. It did not do much to help their personal lives, however. Both men suffered from public overexposure, as the book became a best-seller. A mistake on the book's jacket made readers think that both men were much younger than they were. Their adventures in the book had happened years earlier, but many people thought they were recent. Some readers wanted to travel with them, or invite them to wild parties, or have sexual intercourse with them. Cassady enjoyed the attention for awhile, but it took its toll on him personally. Fame did not help his second marriage, to Carolyn Robinson, or the family they had together. Kerouac himself hated all the attention he got, and spent most of his time at home with his mother, working on new books, or drinking alcohol. In time, he became an alcoholic, and it ruined his health.

Cassady also partly inspired Allen Ginsberg's "Howl", and was mentioned in the poem as "N.C.", the "secret hero" of Ginsberg's latest writings. "Howl" became a landmark work of the 1950s, and added to Ginsberg's and Cassady's fame. Ginsberg handled fame more easily than either Cassady or Kerouac, and had a long public career.

Cassady himself wanted to become a writer, or a jazz musician, but he was not a success at either. He tried to take saxophone lessons, but did not stay with them very long. He mostly worked as a laborer or a brakeman on railroads, before and after "On the Road" was published. Some of what he did write was published as a memoir, titled "The First Third", but it was his only book. He was more successful at writing letters to friends. One was about his seductions of different women during a train trip. He recorded long talks with Kerouac and Carolyn, about their lives and thoughts, and parts of these went into a later book by Kerouac, titled "Visions of Cody". ("Cody Pomeray" became Cassady's new fictional name, as Kerouac changed publishers.)

Cassady also sold marijuana to help pay his bills. One customer turned out to be an undercover policeman, who arrested Cassady. He spent a long time in jail. Carolyn had to both work, and try to raise their children alone.

Freed from jail, Cassady began to travel again. During the 1960s, he joined Ken Kesey's Merry Pranksters, who traveled back and forth across the United States in a bus, holding "acid tests", a name for LSD parties. Cassady drove the bus. He acted as merrily as anyone, and as full of energy as a young man, when the Pranksters were around. In private, though, he was not enjoying his life, and old friends noticed he looked very tired.

Cassady had tried to commit suicide a few times when he was younger, and was unhappy. Once he tried to freeze himself to death, waiting outside in cold temperatures during a car trip, but it took too long, and he got back in the car. Early in 1968, while revisiting Mexico, he was found lying alongside a railroad track, where he had been for a long time. Exposure to harsh weather caused his death, just days short of his 42nd birthday. Nobody knew if he was trying to kill himself or not, this time. A few people who knew him felt that he wanted to die, and had for awhile as he got older, and that Cassady finally got his wish.

Cassady left an indelible mark on the world of the 1950s and 1960s, through his documented adventures in the works of Kerouac, Ginsberg, and their friends. He also turned up in Kesey's writings about the Merry Pranksters. He inspired later bohemian characters, like Jim Morrison of The Doors. People today still read about his life and times, and wish they were able to meet Cassady, or make friends with him. The people who knew Cassady remembered him fondly later, even if he let them down personally, because he was such a unique (special) person. People loved watching Cassady live his life to the fullest, while he encouraged them to do the same with theirs.



Riedholz

Riedholz is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. In 2011 Niederwil merged into Riedholz.

Northern Ireland (European Parliament constituency)

Northern Ireland was a constituency of the European Parliament. The Northern Ireland members of the European Parliament were chosen using Single Transferable Vote. The constituency was all of Northern Ireland.

Feldbrunnen-St. Niklaus

Feldbrunnen-St.Niklaus is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Rodersdorf

Rodersdorf is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, on the border of Alsace, France.


Beat Generation

The Beat Generation was a movement of writers, poets, and artists during the 1950s and 1960s, who liked the beat of jazz and bebop music, which became a kind of soundtrack to much of their lives and work. People associated with the movement were called "Beats", or sometimes "Beatniks", a reference to Communism. (A few Beats supported Communism, but most did not.) The term came from novelist Jack Kerouac, who was sometimes called "The King of the Beats". Other Beat writers were William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg.

Brill Building

The Brill Building in New York City was a headquarters for many songwriters in the 1950s and 1960s. The building had offices for the writers, and also a small recording studio to make demo recordings. Don Kirshner hired the writers who worked there, and helped promote their works.

The Brill Building writers included many pop stars and future pop stars, including Jeff Barry, Neil Diamond, Carole King, Carole Bayer Sager, and Neil Sedaka. The Monkees recorded a large number of Brill Building songs, but they also wrote songs of their own.

Chris Stewart

Christopher Stewart (born 27 March 1951) is an English musician and writer. He was the first drummer for rock band Genesis. He is now a writer and a farmer.

Stewart went to school with Tony Banks, Peter Gabriel, Mike Rutherford, and Anthony Phillips. The five of them formed a band called Anon. This band eventually became Genesis in January 1967. Stewart appears on the band's first two singles, "The Silent Sun"/"That's Me" and "A Winter's Tale"/"One-Eyed Hound".

Stewart was asked to leave the band in the summer of 1968 because he was not skilled enough. He was replaced by John Silver. After traveling and working throughout Europe, Stewart settled and bought a farm named "El Valero" in Andalusia, Spain.

He is now better known for his autobiograpical books: "Driving Over Lemons: An Optimist in Andalucia" (1999, ) and the sequels, "A Parrot In The Pepper Tree" () and "The Almond Blossom Appreciation Society" (2006, ). They are all about his work farming in Spain.


John Silver

Jonathan "John" Silver (born 1950) was the second drummer for the English rock band Genesis. He replaced Chris Stewart in the summer of 1968. Silver left the band in August 1969. He was replaced by John Mayhew. Silver appears on the band's first full length album, "From Genesis to Revelation" and on the "Genesis Archive 1967-75" box set. 

Silver lives in London with his wife, Lucy, and children, Leo, Max, and Libby.

John Mayhew

John Mayhew (27 March 1947 – 26 March 2009) was an English musician. He was the third drummer for the progressive rock band Genesis. Mayhew was a part of the band from September 1969 until July 1970. He replaced John Silver as the drummer for the band in August 1969 . Mayhew appears on the album "Trespass" and the "Genesis Archive 1967-75" box set. He was replaced in 1970 by Phil Collins.

For many years Mayhew's life after playing for Genesis was a mystery to most fans. It was said that his "Trespass" royaltycheque had gone unclaimed. There were rumors that he was dead or missing. In 1979, he moved to Australia. He eventually found work as a carpenter. He is now an Australian citizen. In 2006, Mayhew attended the Genesis Convention in London along with Anthony Phillips and Steve Hackett. He even played drums for a tribute band's performance of "The Knife" (from "Trespass"). He died a day before his birthday from a heart attack.

Larch

Larches are conifers in the genus Larix. They grow on the northern hemisphere. Unlike other conifers, larches lose their leaves during autumn and winter.
There are 10–14 species, for example the European Larch, the North American Larch and the Japanese Larch. Scientists usually divide them into two main groups, New World species (North America) and Old World species (Europe and Asia). Inside this one, there are two more groups, Northern (Central Europe, Siberia, Japan, north of China) and Southern (south of China, Himalaya, Myanmar).

"Larix decidua" or "Larix europaea" European Larch.
"Larix sibirica" Siberian Larch.
"Larix gmelinii" Dahurian Larch.
"Larix kaempferi" or "Larix leptolepis" Japanese Larch.
"Larix principis-rupprechtii" Prince Ruppretch's larch.

"Larix potaminii" Chinese Larch.
"Larix himalaica" Langtang Larch.
"Larix mastersiana" Masters' Larch.
"Larix speciosa" Yunnan Larch.
"Larix griffithii" or "Larix griffithiana" Himalayan Larch.

"Larix laricina" Tamarack Larch or American Larch.
"Larix lyallii" Subalpine Larch.
"Larix occidentalis" Western Larch.

There is also a hybrid, the Dunkeld Larch, which is a mix of the European Larch and the Japanese Larch.

Larch wood is very valuable because it is resistant and it grows quickly. It is used for boats as well as houses.
Larches are also used in herbal medicine and in bonsai.
The tree appeared in many Monty Python sketches as a joke.

Louise Goodman

Louise Goodman is one of two pitlane reporters for ITV's Formula One coverage. Before this she worked in marketing for the Jordan team. She started television broadcast in 1997.

She is said to be the first woman of Formula One live coverage. Louise Goodman has been ITV's roving pitlane reporter since ITV took the broadcast in 1997. She usually does driver interviews, while Ted Kravitz brings news from the teams about technical or tactical matters. She is taller than many F1 drivers, and is known for wearing much jewellery on her arm.

Goodman became the first female to be part of a pit stop when she removed the left rear tire in a Midland pit stop for Tiago Monteiro in 2006 British Grand Prix.

During Q3 in Hungaroring 2006 she interviewed David Coulthard. Coulthard had been knocked out in Q2. She asked him how the cold weather was affecting him. He answered," Ummm...well, it’s a lot nicer to look at you in your tight t-shirts first out." Goodman sounded startled when she replied, " Thank you so much DC. I'll have a word with you later." They then went back to the main commentary team who also sounded rather flustered.

In 2007, she became the presenter of ITV's coverage of the British Touring Car Championship. Her co-presenter was Ted Kravitz.


Second Epistle to the Corinthians

The Second Epistle to the Corinthians is one of the books in the New Testament. It is an epistle (letter) written to the Church at Corinth by the Apostle Paul.

Paul begins by greeting the people in Corinth and reminding them that he is serving the Lord Jesus Christ. He then spends a lot of time explaining to the people why he is an apostle. Some of the people are mad at him because in 1st Corinthians he told them to stop doing bad things. He explains that he told them to stop because he loved them. He also teaches them that it is very important to forgive others.

This epistle is said to show Paul's individuality more than any other.

Visby

Visby is the only city on the Swedish island of Gotland. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In 2005, its population is 22,236.

Kollam

Kollam (Malayalam:കൊല്ലം) (known to the Portuguese as Quilon, pronounced "koy-lon") is a city and a municipal corporation in Kollam district in the Indian state of Kerala. It is north of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum). It is also the headquarters of the Kollam District, one among the 14 districts in Kerala. To the south is Thiruvananthapuram district, to the north is Pathanamthitta and Alappuzha, to the east is Tamil Nadu and to the west by the Arabian Sea.

Aiglun, Alpes-Maritimes

Aiglun is a town and commune of the Alpes-Maritimes "département", in southeastern France.

Alpes-Maritimes

Alpes-Maritimes (; ) is a department of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the extreme southeast corner of France.

The name Alpes-Maritime comes from , a Roman military district created in the region by Augustus in 14 BC.

The department of the Alpes-Martimes was created on 4 February 1793 with the territory of the County of Nice that was annexed in January of the same year. The capital was Nice. It was divided in three districts: Menton, Nice and Puget-Théniers. In 1794, district of Menton was changed to district of Fort-d'Hercule (Monaco).

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the three districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Nice, Monaco and Puget-Théniers.

After the annexation of San Remo, the "arrondissement" of San Remo was created in 1805. By the Peace of Paris in 1814, San Remo passed to Genoa and the rest of the department passed to the Kingdom of Sardinia.

When Nice became part of France in 1860, the department was created again with Nice as the capital and with the "arrondisement" of Grasse that was part of Var department. In the same year, the department was divided in two "arrondissements": Grasse and Puget-Théniers.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Puget-Théniers was eliminated.

The Alpes-Maritimes is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by the Piedmont and Liguria regions (Italy) and two departments; the Mediterranean Sea is to the south. It surrounds the Principality of Monaco on the west, north, and east.


The highest mountain in the department is "Cime du Gélas" () on the border with Italy; it is high. The lowest point is along the Mediterranean coast.

The main rivers in Alpes-Maritimes are: Var, Vésubie, Tinée, Roya, Estéron, Siagne, Loup.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Nice is a "Mediterranean climate" and of the subtype "Csb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Nice is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of . There are an average of 94.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in April with 11.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in July with 4.0 days.

The average temperature for the year in Nice is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

Alpes-Maritimes is managed by the "Departmental Council of Alpes-Maritimes" in Nice. The department is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

There are 2 "arrondissements" (districts), 27 "cantons" and 163 "communes" (municipalities) in Alpes-Maritimes.

The following is a list of the 27 cantons of the Alpes-Maritimes department, in France, following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Alpes-Maritimes are known, in French, as "Maralpins" (women: "Maralpines").

Alpes-Maritimes had a population, in 2014, of 1,083,312, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Grasse, with 560,045 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Alpes-Maritimes

The "communes" in the department with more than 20,000 inhabitants are:



Communes of France

A commune is the lowest administrative division in France. It represents all parts of a town or a village under the same name, for example Paris, Bordeaux or Rennes. As of January 1, 2008, there were 36,781 communes in France; 36,569 of them are in metropolitan France and 212 of them are in overseas France. This is much more than in any other European country. Every commune in France elects a mayor. The French word "commune" was first used in the 12th century, from Medieval Latin "communia", meaning a small gathering of people sharing a common life, from Latin "communis", things held in common.

Cantons of France

The cantons of France are area divisions of the French Republic's 341 arrondissements and 100 departments. 


Arrondissements of France

The 101 French departments are divided into 342 arrondissements. This means districts in English. Most departments in France only have 3 or 4 arrondissements, but some may have more or less than this.


List of arrondissements of France

The following is the current list of arrondissements of France with their INSEE codes, the chief town (or capital), the 2013 population, the area, the population density and the number of communes. The chief town of an arrondissement is the seat of a prefecture or subprefecture.

Overseas departments of France

Mayotte has no arrondissements.

List of cantons of France

The following is a list of cantons of France, within each department:
Overseas departments of France

Cantons of the Ain department

This is a list of the 43 cantons of the Ain department, in France, by arrondissement:





Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh

Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (born Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark; 10 June 1921 – 9 April 2021; ) was the husband of Queen Elizabeth II. He was originally a Prince of Greece and Denmark. He was born on the dining room table in a villa on the Greek island of Corfu, on 10 June 1921. He was the only son and fifth and final child of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark and Princess Alice of Battenberg.

Prince Philip was on active service in the Royal Navy throughout the Second World War. At the end of the war he was on the destroyer "HMS Whelp" in the Pacific, and was in Tokyo Bay for the Japanese surrender on 2 September 1945. 

After he changed his nationality, he became known as Philip Mountbatten. His cousin was Patricia Knatchbull, 2nd Countess Mountbatten of Burma.

On 19 November 1947, he was made a Knight of the Garter, and given the style of "Royal Highness". 

On 20 November 1947, he married Princess Elizabeth, the heiress presumptive to King George VI, he became the Duke of Edinburgh. He was made a Prince of the United Kingdom in 1957. King Edward VII Hospital as a “precautionary measure” after feeling unwell. On 23 February 2021 it was announced that he had an infection.

On 9 April 2021, it was announced by Buckingham Palace that Prince Phillip had died inside his home at Windsor Castle. An official statement by Buckingham Palace was released on Twitter.

"It is with deep sorrow that Her Majesty The Queen has announced the death of her beloved husband, His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. His Royal Highness passed away peacefully this morning at Windsor Castle."

His funeral was held on 17 April 2021 and he was buried at St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle that same day.

Titles and Styles 

10 June 1921-28 February 1947: His Royal Highness Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark 

28 February 1947-19 November 1947: Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten

19-20 November 1947: Lieutenant His Royal Highness Sir Philip Mountbatten 

20 November 1947-22 February 1957 His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh, His Royal Highness The Earl of Merioneth, Baron Greenwich 

22 February 1957-9 April 2021: His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, The Duke of Edinburgh, His Royal Highness The Earl of Merioneth, Baron Greenwich 


George IV

George IV (born as George Augustus Frederick on 12 August 1762, died on 26 June 1830) was king of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and Hanover from 29 January 1820 until his death. The Regency, George's nine-year time as "Prince Regent", which started in 1811 and ended with George III's death in 1820, included winning the Napoleonic Wars in Europe. George IV's only daughter died before he did, so his younger brother became King William IV of the United Kingdom.

William IV of the United Kingdom

William IV (William Henry; 21 August 1765 – 20 June 1837) was King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of Hanover from 26 June 1830 until his death. William, the third son of George III of the United Kingdom and younger brother and successor to George IV was the last person to rule both the United Kingdom and Hanover. His niece, Victoria, ruled only the United Kingdom, not Hanover.

He lived for 20 years with Sophia Jordan. They had ten children.

All William IV's legitimate children (children with his wife) died before he became king, so they were therefore styled as Prince/Princess of Clarence with the style of "Royal Highness".


Cantons of the Aisne department

This is a list of the 42 cantons of the Aisne department, in France, by arrondissement:






Communes of the Alpes-Maritimes department

This is a list of the 163 communes of the Alpes-Maritimes "département" in France:

Nice (disambiguation)

Nice can be any of the following:




Energy (society)

The use of energy is important to human society for handling problems in the environment. Developed societies use energy resources for agriculture, transportation, garbage collection, information technology and human communication. The use of energy has increased since the Industrial Revolution. This has brought a number of serious problems such as global warming.

Production and use of energy resources is important to the economy of the world. Making sure energy is used well is needed for any society.

Energy is needed for the smooth running of activities in our society which makes it wanted in a high alarming rate and is extremely expensive.


Transformer

A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from one electrical circuit to another, without sharing any wires. This happens because the first circuit creates a magnetic field as its power rises and falls. The energy of the second circuit rises and falls with the first circuit, so there is no change in frequency between them. Transformers are an important part of electrical systems. 

Transformers are made in many different sizes, from a very small coupling transformer inside a stage microphone to big units that carry hundreds of MVA used in power grids.

The main reason to use a transformer is to make power of one voltage level into power of another voltage level. High voltage is easier to send a long distance, but less voltage is easier and safer to use in the office or home.
Transformers are used to increase or decrease alternating current (AC) voltage in circuits. The transformer is usually built with two coils around the same core. The primary coil or input coil is connected to supply side while secondary coil supplies power to load. The second one is called the output coil. Energy is transferred from the primary to the secondary by electromagnetism. In power grids many transformers are used. These are networks for delivering electricity from the generator and to the user. 

The transformers in your neighborhood, on electricity poles, or the ones connected to underground wires, usually transform high voltage of 7,200 volts to 220-240 volts of electricity to power lights and appliances such as refrigerators in homes and businesses. Some countries, such as America use different voltages in homes, such as 120 volts. Transformers cannot increase power, so if the voltage is raised, the current is proportionally lowered. If the voltage is lowered, the current is proportionally increased.

Transformers inside electronics equipment provide the kinds of electricity the various parts need. 

There are several basic types of transformers:

Ballycastle, County Antrim

Ballycastle is a small town in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
On 29 April 2001, the United Kingdom government had a census and saw that there were 5,089 people living in Ballycastle. They also saw that:

Bangor, County Down

Bangor is a city in County Down, Northern Ireland.

On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and saw that there were 58,388 people living in Bangor. They also saw that:

Munich (district)

Munich () is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany. However the district does not include the city of Munich, which it partially surrounds and which is an urban district itself.


Acts of Union 1800

The Acts of Union Berlin 1800 (or sometimes Acts of Union 1801) (Irish: "Acht an Aontais 1800") is used to describe two Acts are meant. Their official titles are the Union with Ireland Act 1800 (1800 c.67 39 and 40 Geo 3), an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, and the Act of Union (Ireland) 1800 (1800 c.38 40 Geo 3), an Act of the Parliament of Ireland.

These two Acts merged the Kingdom of Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain, (being itself a merger of the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland under the Acts of Union 1707), to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

The flag created as a consequence of the merger combined the flags of England and Scotland with "St Patrick's Cross" to represent Ireland. Wales is not included on the Union Flag, as when the original Union Flag was devised Wales was a part of the Kingdom of England.



Ebersberg (district)

Ebersberg is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.

Unincorporated Areas

Freising (district)

Freising is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.


Starnberg (district)

Starnberg () is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.


Traunstein (district)

Traunstein is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.

Towns

Markt
¹ 

Verwaltungsgemeinschaften

Municipalities


Berchtesgadener Land

Berchtesgadener Land (Central Bavarian: "Berchtsgoana Land") is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.

Rosenheim (district)

Rosenheim is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.


Banne

Banne is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in southern France.


Ardèche

Ardèche () is a département in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of south-central France. It is named after the Ardèche river.

The department of Ardèche was created on 4 March 1790 with seven districts: Annonay, Aubenas, L'Argentière, Privas, Tournon, Vernoux and Villeneuve-de-Berg. The capital was Privas alternating with Annonay, Aubenas, Le Bourg(-Saint-Andéol) and Tournon. In August of that year, the number of districts was reduced to three: Mézenc, Aubenas and Tanargue. In September, Privas became the only capital of the department.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the three districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Privas, L'Argentière and Tournon.

On 18 March 1988, Tournon changed its name to Tournon-sur-Rhône.

The Ardèche is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It has an area of .

The department is surrounded by 7 departments in 3 regions:


The highest point in the department is "Mont Mézenc" (). It is high.; it is in the northwest of the department, on the border with the Haute-Loire department. The lowest point, above sea level, is where the Ardèche river flows into the Rhône (in the south east of the department).

The main rivers in Ardèche are: 

The Allier river forms the border of the Lozère department and the Ardèche for about .

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Privas is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb. The southern part of the department has a Mediterranean climate of the subtype Csb.

Ardèche is managed by the "Departmental Council of Ardèche" in Privas. The department is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 339 "communes" (municipalities) in Ardèche.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Ardèche department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
The inhabitants of Ardèche are known, in French, as "Ardéchois" (women: "Ardéchoises").

Ardèche had a population, in 2014, of 322,381, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Tournon-sur-Rhône, with 135,786 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Allier

The "communes" in the department with more than 7,000 inhabitants are:



Cantons of the Ardèche department

This is a list of the 17 cantons of the Ardèche department, in France.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The following table shows the 17 cantons of the department and the distribution of the "communes" by "arrondissement":

Arrondissements of the Ardèche department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Ardèche department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Ardèche are:

Since its creation, the Ardèche department has had few changes:


Communes of the Ardèche department

This is a list of the 339 communes in the Ardèche department in France.

Accons

Accons is a town and commune in the Ardèche department in Southern France.


Ailhon

Ailhon is a town and commune of the Ardèche department in Southern France.


Aizac

Aizac is a town and commune of the Ardèche department in Southern France.


Muhammad Yunus

Muhammad Yunus is a Bangladeshi banker and economist who was born on 28 June 1940. He was a professor of economics and is famous for his work in microcredit. Microcredit is a name for giving small loans. These loans are given to people with very little money. Most banks do not give microcredit. Yunus started the Grameen Bank. In 2006, Yunus and the bank together, were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, "for their efforts to create economic and social development from below." Yunus himself has received several other national and international awards. He published a book called "Banker to the Poor" and helped start the Grameen Foundation. In 2007 Yunus planned to start a political group called Nagorik Shakti ("Citizen Power") in Bangladesh, but he has chosen not to start this group. He is one of the founding members of Global Elders.

Yunus was one of 20 Nobel Laureates such as Peter Agre, Nadine Gordimer, Yuan T. Lee, Elinor Ostrom, Werner Arber, David Gross, James Mirrlees, Carlo Rubbia, Paul J. Crutzen, Mario J. Molina, Amartya Sen, Peter Doherty (scientist), Walter Kohn, Douglass North, John Sulston, Murray Gell-Mann, Harold Kroto, Douglas Osheroff who signed the "Stockholm memorandum" at the 3rd Nobel Laureate Symposium on Global Sustainability in Stockholm, Sweden on 18 May 2011.

Muhammad Yunus born on 28 June 1940. He was the third child born to a Muslim family in the village of Bathua near the Boxirhat Road in Hathazari, Bangladesh (Bangladesh was called British India at that time). Six more children were born in Muhammad's family making nine altogether.

His father was Hazi Dula Mia Shoudagar, and worked as a jeweller. His mother was Sofia Khatun. His early childhood years were spent in his village. In 1944, his family moved to the city of Chittagong, and he went to Lamabazar Primary School. By 1949, his mother had a mental illness. Muhammad went to Chittagong Collegiate School and became the 16th best student out of 39,000 in East Pakistan. During his school years, he was a Boy Scout, and travelled to West Pakistan and India in 1952, and to Canada in 1955 to attend Jamborees. When Yunus was studying at Chittagong College, he won awards for drama acting. In 1957, he started studying at the department of economics of Dhaka University. Chittagong College awarded him with a BA in 1960, and a MA in 1961.

After his MA studies, Yunus became part of the Bureau of Economics as a research assistant for Professor Nurul Islam and Rehman Sobhan. In 1961 he was given work as a lecturer in economics in Chittagong College. During that time he started a packaging factory. He was given a Fulbright scholarship in 1965, to study in the United States. He was awarded his Ph.D. in economics from Vanderbilt University in the United States, in 1969. From 1969 to 1972, Yunus was an assistant professor of economics at Middle Tennessee State University in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.

During the Liberation War of Bangladesh in 1971, Yunus and other people from Bangladesh living in the United States started a citizens committee and controlled the Bangladesh Information Center to find help for the war. He published the "Bangladesh Newsletter" from his home in Nashville. After the War, Yunus returned to Bangladesh and was given a job with the governments' Planning Commission which was controlled by Nurul Islam. He thought the job was boring so he took a job at Chittagong University as Head of the Economics department. He worked with poverty reduction after he saw the Bangladesh famine of 1974, and started a research project to help people who lived in the countryside. In 1975, he started a Nabajug Tebhaga Khamar (new era three share farm) which the government called the Packaged Input Programme. Yunus and his friends started the "Gram Sarkar" (the village government) programme to make the farm project better.
Ziaur Rahman,(the president of Bangladesh in the late 1970s), was in control of starting 40,392 village governments (gram sarkar) in 2003. On 2 August 2005, after a petition by the Bangladesh Legal Aids and Services Trust (BLAST) the High Court had declared Gram Sarkar illegal and unconstitutional.

In 1976, Yunus visited the poorest households in the village of Jobra near Chittagong University. He discovered that very small loans could be a lot of help to a poor person. Some Jobra women were making bamboo furniture and had to take loans for buying bamboo but all their profits were being paid towards the loans. The first loan Muhammad Yunus gave was USD 27.00 from his pocket. This $27 was loaned to 42 women in the village, who made a profit of $00.02 each from the loan

In December 1976 the government bank Janata Bank gave Yunus a loan that he could use to make lots of small loans to very poor people. His group got more loans from other banks and by 1982, 28,000 people had jobs with Grameen. On 1 October 1983, Grameen was made a full bank and renamed the Grameen Bank ("Village Bank") to give loans to poor Bangladeshis. Yunus and his workers were threatened and women were told they would not have a Muslim burial if they borrowed money from the Grameen Bank, but they have given many, many loans to poor people. As of July 2007, Grameen Bank has loaned US$6.38 billion to 7.4 million people. The bank loans money to "solidarity groups". These small groups are given loans together and if one person can not pay, the rest of the group pays for them.

The Grameen Bank started other groups in the 1980s to do things such as keeping fishing ponds clean and building irrigation pumps. In 1989, these groups started to get their own names. The fisheries project became Grameen Motsho (Grameen Fisheries Foundation) and the irrigation project became Grameen Krishi (Grameen Agriculture Foundation).

The Grameen group has grown into many groups of profitable and non-profit, such as the Grameen Trust, the Grameen Fund, Grameen Software Limited, Grameen CyberNet Limited, Grameen Knitwear Limited, Grameen Telecom, and Grameenphone (GP) (Grameenphone is the biggest private sector phone company in Bangladesh). The Village Phone (Polli Phone) project of Grameenphone has made it possible for 260,000 poor people in over 50,000 villages to own mobile phones since March 1997.

The Grameen ideas have been used in many countries throughout the world, such as the United States. More than 94% of Grameen loans have been given to women, who have less money and give more to their families. For his work with the Grameen Bank, Yunus was named an Global Academy Member in 2001.

Muhammad Yunus was awarded the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize, along with Grameen Bank, for their efforts to create economic and social developments. The Norwegian Nobel Committee said:
Muhammad Yunus has shown himself to be a leader who has managed to translate visions into practical action for the benefit of millions of people, not only in Bangladesh, but also in many other countries. Loans to poor people without any financial security had appeared to be an impossible idea. From modest beginnings three decades ago, Yunus has, first and foremost through Grameen Bank, developed micro-credit into an ever more important instrument in the struggle against poverty.
Muhammad Yunus was the first Bangladeshi and third Bengali to ever get a Nobel Prize. After being told of the important award, Yunus said that he would use part of his share of the $1.4 million award money to create a company that makes good food that the poor can afford and the rest would go toward starting an eye hospital for the poor in Bangladesh.

Former U.S. president Bill Clinton was one of the people who said the Nobel Prize should go to Muhammed Yunus. He said this in "Rolling Stone" magazine and in his autobiography: "My Life." In a speech given at University of California, Berkeley in 2002, President Clinton said Dr. Yunus was "a man who long ago should have won the Nobel Prize [and] I’ll keep saying that until they finally give it to him."

He has won many other awards, such as the Ramon Magsaysay Award, the World Food Prize the Sydney Peace Prize, the Four Freedoms Award in the category "Freemdom from want" in 2006, and the Ecuadorian Peace Prize in December 2007. Dr. Yunus has been awarded 26 honorary doctorate degrees, and 15 special awards. The Bangladesh government made a postage stamp to honour his Nobel Award. In January 2008, Houston, Texas declared 14 January as "Muhammad Yunus Day".

In 2006 Doctor Yunus and other important people, such as Professor Rehman Sobhan, Justice Muhammad Habibur Rahman, Doctor Kamal Hossain, Matiur Rahman, Mahfuz Anam and Debapriya Bhattchariya, tried to find good people to be elected for government. Yunus thought about joining government himself that year. On 11 February 2007, Yunus wrote a letter, published in the Bangladeshi newspaper "Daily Star", and he asked what people thought of creating a good government. The letter asked everyone to give ideas for this and to offer him help Dr. Yunus started a political group called Citizens' Power ("Nagorik Shakti") on 18 February 2007. There was speculation that the army supported a move by Yunus into politics. but on 3 May, Yunus stopped the group after a meeting with Fakhruddin Ahmed (government politician).

On 18 July 2007 in Johannesburg, South Africa, Nelson Mandela, Graça Machel, and Desmond Tutu began a group of world leaders to help the world. Nelson Mandela announced this new group, The Global Elders, in a speech he on his 89th birthday. Archbishop Tutu is to serve as the Chair of The Elders. Yunus is one of the first members of this group. Other members include Machel, Kofi Annan, Ela Bhatt, Gro Harlem Brundtland, Jimmy Carter, Li Zhaoxing, and Mary Robinson. The Elders are to be funded by some of its first members, such as Richard Branson, Peter Gabriel, Ray Chambers, Michael Chambers, Bridgeway Foundation, Pam Omidyar, Humanity United, Amy Robbins, Shashi Ruia, Dick Tarlow, and The United Nations Foundation.

In 1967 Yunus studied at Vanderbilt University. He met Vera Forostenko, a student of Russian literature there. Vera is the daughter of Russian immigrants to Trenton, New Jersey in the United States. They were married in 1970. Yunus marriage with Vera ended a few months after the birth of their baby girl, Monica Yunus (b. 1979 Chittagong). Vera returned to New Jersey and said that Bangladesh was not a good place to raise a baby. After some time, Yunus married Afrozi Yunus, who was a researcher in physics at Manchester University. She was appointed as a professor of physics at Jahangirnagar University. Their daughter Deena Afroz Yunus was born in 1986.

Professor Yunus brother Muhammad Ibrahim is a professor of physics at Dhaka University and the founder of The Center for Mass Education in Science (CMES). They teach science to girls in villages. His younger brother Muhammad Jahangir is a popular television presenter. Yunus oldest daughter, Monica, is an soprano singer in New York City.




John Keats

John Keats (31 October 1795 – 23 February 1821) was an English poet. He is often ranked as one of the five most important poets of the Romantic movement in English literature; the other four are William Wordsworth, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Lord Byron, and Percy Bysshe Shelley. Though Keats was the youngest of these poets, he also died before the others: he suffered from tuberculosis and died in Rome at the age of 25.

Keats was the son of an inn-keeper Thomas Keats, who died when Keats was nine years old and Frances Keats; and his mother died of tuberculosis in 1810. The young Keats began studying to be a surgeon, though his interest in literature grew stronger than his interest in medicine. He became a friend and follower of the poet and editor James Henry Leigh Hunt, and made his first attempts to write his own poetry. Keats's active writing life lasted only about six years, from the spring of 1814 through 1819. 

His short life meant that he wrote less than many other poets. His longest poems, "Endymion" and "Hyperion", tell stories from ancient Greek mythology. Many of his shorter poems are among the best known in English literature, including the ballad "La Belle Dame sans Merci" and his sonnets and odes.

Keats was an active letter-writer throughout his life, like many people of his time. Hundreds of his letters to friends and relatives have survived, and Keats is often called one of the great letter writers in the English language.


Endymion (poem)

Endymion is one of the major poems of the English Romantic poet John Keats. It is his longest poem. Keats wrote the poem in 1817, and it was printed in a book in 1818. The poem's opening line is one of the most famous lines of poetry in English literature:

Keats called the poem "A Poetical Romance." He wrote in four sections or "Books," and each section is about a thousand lines long. The poem is written in a form called rhymed couplets, which means that every two lines rhyme together. The story is based on the tale of Endymion from Greek mythology.

"Endymion" was criticized harshly when it was first published. Some of Keats's friends and admirers, like the poet Shelley, believed that the stress of this hostile reaction had a bad effect on Keats's mind, and partly caused his early death from tuberculosis at the age of 25. But most modern critics and scholars of English literature do not think this is true.

Hyperion (poem)

Hyperion is one of the major poems of the English Romantic poet John Keats. The poem is based on the tale from Greek mythology that tells how the Titan Hyperion, the first Greek sun god, was replaced by Apollo.

Keats worked on the poem mainly in August and September 1818. He finished the first two sections or "Books," each between 350 and 400 lines long, and he also wrote 135 lines of Book III. But he was not satisfied with what he had written; he re-wrote it bit by bit until April 1819, when he gave up for a while. Some critics and scholars think that Keats set out to write the kind of long poem he had already done in his "Endymion" in 1817 – but his outlook on poetry had changed, to a point where he was no longer happy writing the kind of mythological epic that many other poets of his time tried to write.

Keats tried to re-do the poem in a new form that he called "The Fall of Hyperion". He worked on this second version during the last six months of 1819, and though he wrote more than 500 lines, he gave up this second attempt too. He was never able to complete either version of the poem in a way that satisfied him.

Keats wrote the poem in blank verse, without rhyme. Though neither version was ever finished, some critics think that they contain some of Keats's best verse, as in the gloomy and powerful opening lines of the first "Hyperion":

["vale" = valley; "morn" = morning; "eve" = evening]

Arlo Guthrie

Arlo Davy Guthrie (born July 10, 1947) is an American musician and songwriter, and is the son of folk music legend Woody Guthrie. His most famous song is Alice's Restaurant, which was also the title of his first album.

Guthrie learned music from his father, who wrote songs for him like "Goodnight Little Arlo". When the young Guthrie became thirteen years old, his father gave him a Bar Mitzvah, and invited many folk musicians. It was called "the first hootenanny bar mitzvah in history."

Guthrie met Bob Dylan when Dylan came from Minnesota to meet his father Woody. Dylan taught Guthrie a new way to play the harmonica. Guthrie started college after high school, but dropped out.

During 1965, Guthrie visited his friends Alice and Ray Brock in Stockbridge, Massachusetts, who lived in an old church, and owned a restaurant. He recorded a musical commercial for the restaurant. When Thanksgiving came that year, they invited many people, and afterwards there was a lot of garbage to be picked up and thrown away. Guthrie and another friend tried to take the garbage to a dump, but it was closed. They found a large trash pile not far away, and unwisely decided to throw their garbage onto the same pile. (Dumping trash where it does not belong is called 'littering' and is a crime in most places.)

When local police found out, they arrested Guthrie and his friend. Since the young men had long hair and looked like hippies, the police wanted to prosecute them and make an example of them to other young people. They prepared a big court case against Guthrie and his friend, with many photographs of the litter pile. It turned out the local judge was blind, could not look at the photographs, and was not interested in the case. He fined Guthrie and his friend fifty dollars, and ordered them to clean up the pile.

Not long after, Guthrie received a draft notice. The United States Army wanted him to become a soldier. Guthrie went for a physical examination by a doctor, and had to fill out a questionnaire giving information about himself. When asked if he had ever been arrested, he talked about the littering incident. He soon found himself sitting on a bench together with criminals, some of which were violent or dangerous. He could not believe the way he was treated by the Army. He began to complain and protest his treatment. The Army officers decided he would not make a good soldier, but might become a threat to the American government. They fingerprinted Guthrie, and let him go.

Guthrie decided later the two incidents would make a good protest song and he built one around the jingle he had written. He called the song "Alice's Restaurant Massacree", and recorded it in front of a live audience. He did not want other young men to be drafted, and suggested in the song that they might get out of the draft by doing like he had.

The recording became half of his first album, and the rest was filled out with other music, like "The Motorcycle Song". The album became a hit record.

Guthrie later recorded other albums and songs. His cover of the Steve Goodman song, "The City of New Orleans", about a famous train named after the city, became another hit. He bought a farm with the money he earned from his music, and lived there between recording sessions and performing tours.

In time, he became interested in charity work. He noticed people of different religious beliefs did not always work well together for the same causes, because their beliefs kept them apart. He tried to work around the differences, and help people find ways to work together to solve the same problems. He started the Guthrie Center, as a place for people to work together. He later bought the old church where his friends had lived, and made it the headquarters for the Guthrie Center.


Sonnet

A Sonnet (sonetto in Italian) is a type of poem. It is 14 lines long and is written in rhyme. 

The sonnet first appeared in Italy during the Middle Ages and was widely used during the Renaissance. The first poet known for his sonnets is Giacomo da Lentini who lived in the 13th century. After him many poets started writing sonnets. Two notable ones are Dante Alighieri and Guido Cavalcanti. The Italian poet Petrarch was famous for his sonnets. He was very popular and many poets imitated his poems. Francisco de Sá de Miranda introduced the form into Portuguese literature. So did Thomas Wyatt and Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey in England. Even in distant Poland sonnets were written by Jan Kochanowski, Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński and Sebastian Grabowiecki. It became common for poets to write sonnets in connected series, called "sonnet sequences," to tell a story, often one about a love affair. Michelangelo, a famous sculptor and painter wrote sonnets, too. He exchanged them with Vittoria Colonna. Poets in other countries quickly adopted the sonnet and sonnet sequence. William Shakespeare wrote the most famous sonnets in English literature, though other poets of his time, such as Ben Jonson, Edmund Spenser, Michael Drayton, and Samuel Daniel, wrote sonnet sequences also.

Later English poets like John Donne, John Milton, William Wordsworth, Percy Bysshe Shelley, and John Keats wrote sonnets that are still admired and studied today. In United States Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and Emma Lazarus wrote sonnets. 

The rigid rhyme scheme of the sonnet went out of fashion during the twentieth century, but a few modern poets still write them sometimes. Edna St. Vincent Millay was one modern poet writing in English who often worked in the sonnet form. Modern poets have often changed the traditional rhythms and rhyme patterns of the sonnet, sometimes radically.

In a traditional "English" or "Shakespearean" sonnet, the first twelve lines are divided into three groups ("stanzas") of four lines each, called "quatrains". The last two lines usually rhyme, and make up a "rhymed couplet" that concludes the poem by summing up the story told in the previous quatrains. In the traditional "Italian" or "Petrarchan" sonnet, the poem divides into a group of eight lines ("octave") followed by a group of six lines ("sestet").

The letters of the alphabet are used to show the pattern of rhyme, or "rhyme scheme," in the 14 lines in a sonnet. The rhyme scheme 


is the typical pattern of an "English" sonnet. The rhyme scheme


is typical of an "Italian" sonnet. However, the rhymes of the sestet in an Italian sonnet can vary widely: cdcdcd, cddcdd, etc. The scheme abba abba cde edc is very rarely, but its ending sequence cde edc was probably the source for Robert Browning's stanza abccba. It was used in the poem "Meeting at night". Another pattern is Spenserian sonnet, invented by Edmund Spenser. It runs a-b-a-b, b-c-b-c, c-d-c-d, e-e.

Sonnets can be linked together into a crown of sonnets. In such a sequence, the last line of the first sonnet repeats as the first line of the second one, and sometimes these lines make up another sonnet. Slovenian poet France Prešeren is best remembered for his "Wreath of Sonnets", an example of a crown of sonnets.


Golden ratio

With a number namely "a" and another smaller number "b", the ratio of the two numbers is found by dividing them. Their ratio is "a"/"b". Another ratio is found by adding the two numbers together and dividing this by the larger number "a". The new ratio is ("a"+"b")/"a". If these two ratios are equal to the same number, then that number is called the golden ratio. The Greek letter formula_1 (phi) is usually used as the name for the golden ratio.

For example, if "b" = 1 and "a"/"b" = formula_1, then "a" = formula_1. The second ratio ("a"+"b")/"a" is then formula_4. Because these two ratios are equal, this is true:

formula_5

One way to write this number is
formula_6

formula_7 is a number which, when multiplied by itself, makes 5: formula_8.

The golden ratio is called an irrational number. That means that if a person tries to write it, it will never stop and never make a pattern, but it will start like this: 1.6180339887... An important thing about this number is that if you subtract 1 from it or divide 1 by it, you'll get the same number.

If the length of a rectangle divided by its width is equal to the golden ratio, then the rectangle is a "golden rectangle". If a square is cut off from one end of a golden rectangle, then the other end is a new golden rectangle. In the picture, the big rectangle (blue and pink together) is a golden rectangle because formula_10. The blue part (B) is a square, and the pink part by itself (A) is another golden rectangle because formula_11. The big rectangle and the pink rectangle have the same form, but the pink rectangle is smaller and is turned.

The Fibonacci numbers are a list of numbers. A person can find the next number in the list by adding the last two numbers together. If a person divides a number in the list by the number that came before it, this ratio comes closer and closer to the golden ratio.
In nature, the golden ratio is often used for the arrangement of leaves or flowers. These use the golden angle of approximately 137.5 degrees. Leaves or flowers arranged in that angle best use sunlight. 

In addition, the distance between the center of a person's body and the floor and the distance between the crown of the head and the base of the spine are both in accordance with the golden ratio. Despite its absence from common architectural and design patterns, Leonardo Fibonacci's finding is widely recognized as groundbreaking. It can take the form of hurricanes, elephant tusks, ants, sea urchins, starfish, honeybees, and many other things. 

The Fibonacci sequence begins with 0 and goes on forever: 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55. There is a sum of two digits before each digit. The pattern itself is rather elementary and unremarkable.

That is until you learn that this ratio underlies the beauty of the Mona Lisa, the human limbs, data encryption, and even the number of spirals on a sunflower's head. It looks like the universe has a natural way of keeping track of numbers.

Flowers always have an odd number of petals conforming to the Fibonacci sequence. For example, the peace lily has three petals, buttercups have five, chicory has 21, daisies have 34, and so on.

Here are some more natural occurrences of the Golden Ratio:

Seed heads. Flowers produce seeds at their core, which then spiral outward to fill the flower's head.

Pineapples, cauliflowers, and Romanesco broccoli. Similarly, these conform to the Fibonacci sequence.

Pine cones. Pinecones have spiral patterns on their seed pods, with two spirals on each cone growing in opposite directions as they grow.

Branches of a tree. In nature, this pattern is seen when a tree develops a branch and then splits into two new growth points. Then, just one of the two new stems will actively grow, while the other will lie dormant.

Methods of birds flying. The hawk's best angle of attack is perpendicular to the target's flight path, which is the same as the pitch of the spiral.

Spiral galaxies. There are several spiral arms in the Milky Way, each with a logarithmic spiral around 12 degrees.



Relational database

A relational database is a way of storing information ("data"). Relational databases help users join information to other information.

In a relational database, each record of data is stored in a row. The rows are grouped together in tables. In the relational model, a database table is called a relation. This is why the term relational is used for this kind of database.

The software used to do this grouping is called a relational database management system (RDBMS). The term "relational database" often refers to this type of software.

Relational databases are currently the main way in which companies store information like financial records, medical records, personal information, and manufacturing and logistical data.

The term "relational database" was originally defined by and is attributed to Edgar Codd at IBM Almaden Research Center in 1970.

Kingdom of Scotland

The Kingdom of Scotland was a historic country and state. It started in the Early Middle Ages and was in existence until the early modern period.

After 1603, it had the same monarch as the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Ireland. In 1653, during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, the government of Oliver Cromwell made Scotland into part of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland: a republic. However, at The Restoration, Scotland started again to be a kingdom. It combined with the Kingdom of England to become the United Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707 because of the Acts of Union 1707.


Ajoux

Ajoux is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Alba-la-Romaine

Alba-la-Romaine is a commune of the French département Ardèche.


Albon-d'Ardèche

Albon-d'Ardèche is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Alboussière

Alboussière is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. It can be found about 20 km from Valence-sur-Rhône. About 760 people live there.


Alissas

Alissas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Arrondissement of Largentière

The arrondissement of Largentière is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Ardèche "département". Its capital is the city of Largentière, a subprefecture of the department.

When the Ardèche department was created on 4 March 1790, the "arrondissement" of Largentière was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Largentière is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Tournon-sur-Rhône, to the northeast and east by the "arrondissement" of Privas, to the south by the Gard department, to the southwest by the Lozère department and to the west by the Haute-Loire department.

It is the most southern and largest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has 98,821 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Largentière, there are 4 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Aubenas-1, Aubenas-2, Thueyts and Les Vans.The Canton of Le Teil has 6 "communes" in the "arrondissement" of Privas and 13 in Largentière; and the Canton of Vallon-Pont-d'Arc has 1 "commune" in the "arrondissement" of Privas and 29 in Largentière.

The "arrondissement" of Largentière has 153 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Privas

The arrondissement of Privas is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Ardèche "department". Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Privas.

When the Ardèche department was created on 4 March 1790, the "arrondissement" of Privas was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Privas is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Tournon-sur-Rhône, to the east by the Drôme department, to the southeast by the Vaucluse department, to the south by the Gard department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Arrondissement of Largentière.

It is in the southeast of Ardèche. It is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has 87,774 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Privas, there are 3 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Bourg-Saint-Andéol, Le Pouzin and Privas. The Canton of Le Cheylard has 33 "communes" in the "arrondissement" of Tournon-sur-Rhône and 13 in Privas, the Canton of Le Teil has 13 "communes" in the "arrondissement" of Largentière and 6 in Privas, the Canton of Vallon-Pont-d'Arc has 1 "commune" Privas and 29 in Largentière, and the Canton of La Voulte-sur-Rhône has 9 "communes" in Tournon-sur-Rhône and 8 in Privas.

The "arrondissement" of Privas has 66 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Jackson, Michigan

Jackson is a city in lower mid-Michigan. It was started in 1829. It is named after Democratic President Andrew Jackson. Jackson is the home town of several well-known people. One of whom is the first African-American Super Bowl winning coach, Tony Dungy.

Several of the major employers in the city are CMS Energy, which gives natural gas and electrical services to much of Michigan and has its international headquarters in the city, as well as Foote Hospital. Jackson is from the Michigan International Speedway.

Utrecht

Utrecht can be any of the following areas or cities:


It can also be any of these:

Protostome

Protostomes are a nephrozoan taxon of animals above the level of phylum. It is not part of the normal system of classification. 

They are a subtaxon of the Bilateria, and are contrasted with the deuterostomes. Protosomes are distingued by their embryo: in deuterostomes, the first opening (the blastopore) becomes the anus, while in protostomes it becomes the mouth.

DNA sequence analysis suggests that protostome animals can be divided into three major groups:
as well as a number of minor taxa, like the Chaetognatha.

Earth, Texas

Earth is a city in Lamb County, Texas, United States. There were 901 people living in Earth as of the year 2020.

Amazing Grace (2006 movie)

Amazing Grace is a 2006 movie about the fight to end the slave trade in 18th century Britain. Led by famous abolitionist, William Wilberforce. He created anti-slave trade laws in the British Parliament.

The movie is directed by Michael Apted, written by Steven Knight, and stars Ioan Gruffudd. The first release date for this movie was September 16, 2006 in Canada. It was released in the United States on February 23, 2007. Several other areas had other dates.

On the opening weekend, this movie made around four million dollars. It went on to make an all-time worldwide total of over 32 million dollars.

"Amazing Grace" was named "Best Spiritual Film of 2008" in the third annual "Beliefnet Film Awards".


Relation (mathematics)

In mathematics, an "n-ary relation" on "n" sets, is any subset of Cartesian product of the "n" sets (i.e., a collection of n-tuples), with the most common one being a binary relation, a collection of order pairs from two sets containing an object from each set. The relation is "homogeneous" when it is formed with one set.

For example, any curve in the Cartesian plane is a subset of the Cartesian product of real numbers, "RxR".
The homogeneous binary relations are studied for properties like reflexiveness, symmetry, and transitivity, which determine different kinds of orderings on the set. Heterogeneous "n-ary" relations are used in the semantics of predicate calculus, and in relational databases.

In relational databases jargon, the relations are called tables.
There is a relational algebra consisting in the operations on sets, because relations are sets, extended with operators like projection, which forms a new relation selecting a subset of the columns (tuple entries) in a table, the selection operator, which selects just the rows (tuples),according to some condition, and join which works like a composition operator.

The use of the term "relation" is often used as shorthand to refer to binary relations, where the set of all the starting points is called the "domain" and the set of the ending points is the "codomain".

An example for such a relation might be a function. Functions associate each key with one value. The set of all functions is a subset of the set of all relations - a function is a relation where the first value of every tuple is unique through the set.

Other well-known relations are the equivalence relation and the order relation. That way, sets of things can be ordered: Take the first element of a set, it is either equal to the element looked for, or there is an order relation that can be used to classify it. That way, the whole set can be classified (i.e., compared to some arbitrarily chosen element).

Relations can be transitive.One example of a transitive relation is the "smaller-than" relation. If X "is smaller than" Y,and Y is "smaller than" Z,then X "is smaller than" Z. In general, a transitive relation is a relation such that if relations (a,b) and (b,c) both belong to R, then (a,c) must also belongs to R. 

Relations can be symmetric. One example of a symmetric relation is the relation "is equal to". If X "is equal to" Y, then Y "is equal to" X. In general, a symmetric relation is a relation such that if (a,b) belongs to R, then (b,a) must belong to R as well.

Relations can be asymmetric, such as the relation " is smaller than". In general, a relation is asymmetric if whether (a,b) belongs to R, (b,a) does not belong to R.

Relations can be reflexive. One example of a reflexive relation is the relation "is equal to" (e.g., for all X, X "is equal to" X). In general, a reflexive relation is a relation such that for all a in A, (a,a) belongs to R.

By definition, every subset of AxB is a relation from A to B.

In category theory, relations play an important role in the Cartesian closed categories, which transform morphisms from tuples to morphisms of single elements. That corresponds to Currying in the Lambda calculus.

In relational database theory, a database is a set of relations.
To model a real world, the relations should be in a canonical form called normalized form.
That transformation ensure no loss of information, nor the insertion of spurious tuples with no corresponding meaning in the world represented in the database. The normalization process takes into account properties of relations like functional dependencies among their entries, keys and foreign keys, transitive and join dependencies.

María Isabel Carvajal

Carmen Lyra (January 15, 1888 – May 14, 1949) was the pseudonym of the first prominent female Costa Rican writer, born María Isabel Carvajal Quesada.

Lyra studied at the school in her neighborhood in the Buenaventura Corrales. She studied pedagogy at the college and got the teacher’s certification. Lyra began teaching in the rural El Monte School in the province of Heredia. In 1906, she worked in the San Juan de Dios Hospital for a short time. 

Lyra travelled to Europe. While there, she learned about new educational systems. When she returned, she worked with a teacher and founded the first pre-school in Costa Rica. 

Lyra's first publication was the novel "En una silla de ruedas" (In a Wheelchair), in 1918. Her short stories were published in the "Pandemonium Magazine", "Ariel Magazine, and the "Repertorio Americano". 

The stories of Carmen Lyra have been used in many schools. The most popular is "Cuentos de mi tía Panchita" (Story of my aunt Panchita). It was published in 1920. This story is well known by most Costa Rican.

Other works of Maria Isabel Carvajal are "Las fantasias de Juan Silvestre" (1918), "Obras Completas" (1975), "La cucarachita mandina" (1976) and "relatos escogidos" (1977).

Carmen Lyra was involved in Costa Rican politics. She was part of the communist party. 

She helped organize women schoolteachers to burn down the building of the official newspaper and to overthrow the dictatorship of Costa Rica's Federico Tinoco Granados in 1919. She is credited with translating the Communist Manifesto into Spanish in 1920. She went on to take a leading role in the banana workers' strike of 1934. During this time, she wrote "Bananos y Hombres" (Bananas and Men). 

In 1948, she was forced into leave Costa Rica after the Costa Rican Civil War because of her politics. She went to Mexico and died there in 1949.

How Pop Can You Get?

How Pop Can You Get? was the first and only album by American band The Bats. 

All music and lyrics by The Bats (Jon Brion, Bill Murphy, Don Fertman) 


San Pedro de Macorís Province

San Pedro de Macorís is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is in the southeastern part of the country. Its capital city is San Pedro de Macorís.

The province has the same name of the capital of the province. In English, San Pedro is "Saint Peter"; "Macorís" was the name of a group of native people that lived in the Hispaniola. That name "Macorís", or "Macorix", was given to the river where the city of San Pedro de Macorís was founded..

San Pedro de Macorís was created as a Maritime District (a special administrative category that has been abandoned) on 13 June 1882. The 1907 Dominican Constitution change its status to province. It was part of the old province of Santo Domingo and of the El Seibo province before being elevated to the category of province with the municipalities of Macorís (later, San Pedro de Macorís), Ramón Santana and San José de Los Llanos.

Consuelo was made a municipality in 1996, Quisqueya in 1998 and Guayacanes in 1992. In 2000, El Puerto became a municipal district and Gautier in 2002.

The San Pedro de Macorís province is bordered to the north by the Hato Mayor and El Seibo provinces, to the east by the La Romana province and to the west by the Monte Plata and Santo Domingo provinces.The Caribbean Sea is to the south of the province.

In (last national census), there were people living in the San Pedro de Macorís province, and 244,215 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 7th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 299,933 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San Pedro de Macorís, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 185,255 inhabitants.

About 80% of the population is black, the rest of the 20% is mostly mulatto.

The San Pedro de Macorís province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 18th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, San Pedro de Macorís, is above sea level.

The San Pedro de Macorís province is in the "Llano Costero del Caribe" ("Caribbean Coastal Plain"), a large plain in southeastern Dominican Republic where there are many savannas with grasses. There are not high mountains in the province, only some low hills.

The rivers in this province are not very long but they have much water; their sources are in the mountains north of the province and flow south to the Caribbean Sea. The most important rivers are, from east to west:

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are 6 municipalities and 2 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

Because in the province there are many savannas with grasses, the main economic activity for centuries was cattle raising. It is still an important activity in the province.

In the last years of the 19th century, during the war of independence in Cuba, many Cuban and American companies came to the Dominican Republic to grow sugar cane and to produce sugar. San Pedro de Macorís is the Dominican province where there are more sugar cane factories and the port of San Pedro de Macorís became one of the most important port in the country.

In the city of San Pedro de Macorís, manufacturing is important, mainly cement, rum and in industries in the "Zona Franca" ("free zone" where the industries do not pay taxes and all the production is sent to other countries).

In the Guayacanes municipality, tourism is important and there are many hotels close to the beaches, mainly in the Juan Dolio beach.

Kurt Warner

Kurtis Eugene "Kurt" Warner (born June 22, 1971, in Burlington, Iowa) is a retired American football player. He was the quarterback for the Arizona Cardinals. After playing in college at Northern Iowa, he was signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent. He was not able to play there, so he went to the Arena Football League, and then later the NFL Europa.

In 1998, Warner was signed by the St. Louis Rams. After the Rams' main quarterback Trent Green went out with an injury, Warner became the main quarterback. He later went on to win NFL MVP awards in 1999 and 2001, as well as the Super Bowl MVP award in 2000.

In 1990, Kurt graduated from Regis High School in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. While there, he played quarterback of the school's Class 3A football team. He announced his retirement from football on January 29, 2010.

After Warner graduated from high school, he went to the University of Northern Iowa (UNI). At UNI, Warner was third on the Panthers' depth chart until his senior year. In his final year there, he was able to start and was named the Gateway Conference's Offensive Player of the Year.

While at college, he met future wife, the former Brenda Carney Meoni. They got married on October 11, 1997. Before this, Brenda had served in the Marines. She was divorced with two children when they met each other. Warner adopted Brenda's two children, son Zachary and daughter Jesse, after their marriage. Zachary is blind from the head injuries he got when he was accidentally dropped by his birth-father as a baby. Warner agreed to help Brenda raise the children. The Warners now also have five children of their own: sons Elijah and Kade, daughter Jada, and twin girls Sierra Rose and Sienna Rae.

After being let go from the Green Bay Packers training camp in 1994, he got a job working the night shift at a local Fareway grocery store. He was also assistant-coaching at Northern Iowa. Warner still wanted to play in the NFL, but with that not seeming it was going to happen, and the long hours at the Fareway for minimum wage creating financial trouble for him, Warner began playing in the Arena Football League. In 1996 and almost a year before Kurt and Brenda's marriage, Brenda's parents, Larry and Jenny Carney, were killed when their Arkansas home was destroyed by a tornado.

Both Kurt and his wife are active born again Christians.

On October 24, 2006, Warner was in a political advertisement against a proposed law in Missouri. That new law would allow embryonic stem cell research to be done in Missouri. Warner was in the advertisement with James Caviezel, Patricia Heaton, Jeff Suppan, and Mike Sweeney. The advertisement, which was played during Game 4 of the 2006 World Series, falsely alleged that Amendment 2 would allow human cloning. The advertisement came after a pro-embryonic research advertisement that had Michael J. Fox, who has Parkinson's disease, in it.

Warner went to the Green Bay Packers training camp in 1994, but was released before the regular season began. He returned to Northern Iowa and worked as a graduate assistant coach with the football team, but he still wanted to get a tryout with an NFL team. When no NFL team would give him a tryout, Warner began playing for the Arena Football League. In 1995, he signed with the Iowa Barnstormers. Warner was named to the AFL's All-Arena first team in both 1996 and 1997. He led the Barnstormers to the Arena Bowl in both 1996 and 1997. Some people consider Warner one of the greatest Arena Football player of all-time.

In 1997, Warner was offered an NFL tryout by the Chicago Bears, but he could not attend the tryout. In 1998, he was signed by the St. Louis Rams, but he only played for NFL Europe's Amsterdam Admirals.

Warner was the backup quarterback for the St. Louis Rams during the 1998 regular season and the 1999 preseason. When their main quarterback Trent Green was injured in a preseason game, Warner became the starter. He had one of the best seasons by a quarterback in NFL history by throwing for 4,353 yards with 41 touchdown passes and a completion rate of 65.1%. The Rams' very good offense was nicknamed "The Greatest Show on Turf." In the first three games that he was the main quarterback who plays, he threw three touchdown passes in each game. He is the only NFL quarterback in history to do that, and only the second, behind Dan Marino, to do it in his first two NFL starts.

Because not many people knew who Warner was, "Sports Illustrated" put him on their October 18, 1999 cover with the caption "Who IS this guy?" He was named the 1999 NFL MVP at the end of the season. In the NFL playoffs, he led the Rams to a Super Bowl XXXIV win against the Tennessee Titans. He threw for two touchdowns and a Super Bowl record 414 passing yards. He also set a Super Bowl record by throwing 45 passes without an interception.

Right after the Rams' Super Bowl win, an interviewer asked Warner, "Kurt, first things first--tell me about the final touchdown pass to Isaac." He responded, "Well, first things first, I've got to thank my Lord and Savior up above--thank You, Jesus!" He was awarded the Super Bowl MVP. That made him one of only six players to win both the league MVP and Super Bowl MVP awards in the same year. The others are Bart Starr in 1966, Terry Bradshaw in 1978, Joe Montana in 1989, Emmitt Smith in 1993, and Steve Young in 1994.

Warner also played well in the 2000 season. Warner and Trent Green both played quarterback that season, and they both played well. But the Rams lost in the wild card round of the playoffs to the New Orleans Saints, mostly because their defense was not very good, even though Warner and the rest of their offense was still very good. Nine of the Rams' eleven defensive starters were cut in the offseason, and Green was traded to the Kansas City Chiefs.

Warner played very well in the 2001 season. He had a league-high 36 touchdown passes and 4,830 passing yards with a career-high completion rate of 68.7% of his passes. He led the Rams to an NFL-best 14–2 record and they went to the Super Bowl XXXVI, but they lost to the New England Patriots. He was named the NFL MVP for the second time at the end of the season.

Warner began the season 0–3 as a starter, throwing seven interceptions with only one touchdown. In their fourth game against the Dallas Cowboys, he broke a finger on his throwing hand. Even thought he tried to come back later in the season, his injury caused him to be able to play two more games, and he lost them both. In contrast to his 103.4 career passer rating before that season, he had only 67.4 rating in 2002. He was replaced as the Rams' main quarterback after he fumbled six times in the opener of the 2003 season against the New York Giants. His replacement as the Rams quarterback, Marc Bulger, has been named to two Pro Bowls.

The Rams released Warner on June 1, 2004. Just two days later, he signed a two-year deal with the New York Giants. He began the 2004 season as the main quarterback. He won five of his first seven games, but after not playing well in a two-game losing streak, rookie quarterback Eli Manning was made the main quarterback. Giants coach Tom Coughlin later said that he never should have made Warner play, and should have played Manning from the beginning to give Manning the experience he needs to build his confidence. The Giants had a 5–4 win-loss record at the time that Manning began playing, and they finished at 6–10 overall (going only 1–6 under Manning).

In early 2005, Warner signed a one-year, $4-million contract with the Arizona Cardinals. He was soon named the main quarterback by coach Dennis Green. He played bad in three games before injuring his groin. He was then replaced by former starter Josh McCown. McCown played well enough in two games during Warner's injury to get coach Green named McCown the starter for the rest of the season.

As Warner was the backup quarterback, many people thought that he was never to be the main quarterback again. But because McCown played bad in two straight games, coach Green made Warner the main quarterback. He played well in the next three weeks, but his season ended in Week 15 when he partly tore his MCL.

Warner signed a new three-year deal with the Cardinals on February 14, 2006. The deal had a base salary of $18 million, but if he played well, he could get as much as $22 million in the three years.

In Week 3 of the 2006 season, Warner passed the 20,000-yards passing milestone in his 76th game. That was one game more than record holder Dan Marino, but Warner did it in his 9th year while Marino did it in his 5th. After Matt Leinart played poorly in the three games of Weeks 2-4, Warner replaced the rookie Leinart in the fourth quarter of Week 4. In Week 16, Leinart had a shoulder injury against the San Francisco 49ers, so Warner was able to play for the first time since Week 4. He did well that game, and the Cardinals won the game.

In the third game of the 2007 season against the Baltimore Ravens, Warner came off the bench because Leinart was again not playing well. He led a comeback, completing 15 passes out of 20 attempts for 258 yards and 2 touchdowns. This brought them to a tie game (23–23), but after the Ravens made a last second field goal, Arizona lost the game 26–23. On September 30, 2007, during the Week 4 game against the Pittsburgh Steelers, he went in for Leinart because he was not playing well again. Leinart was later placed on Injured reserve, so Warner was named the starter for the rest of the 2007 season.

Warner got 27 passing touchdowns in the 2007 season, just one short of the Cardinals franchise record. Because he played well, he was given a $1 million bonus for the year. His 3,417 passing yards, 27 touchdown passes, and 89.8 passer rating were all his best since the 2001 season.

Matt Leinart was named the Cardinals starter going in to the off-season for 2008, but Ken Whisenhunt said that it may happen that Warner become the Cardinals' starter before the season begins. Warner was named the starter on August 30, 2008. That season, Warner had a very good season, and on December 16, 2008, was named the starting quarterback for the NFC team in the 2009 Pro Bowl. Warner and the Cardinals won all three of their playoff games, but lost in the Super Bowl to the Pittsburgh Steelers. That makes Warner's Super Bowl record 1–2. James Dobson, starter of Focus on the Family, has been supportive of Warner, and even replayed a radio clip of Warner and his wife on January 30, 2009.




Skokie, Illinois

Skokie, Illinois is a village in Illinois. It was once known as Niles Center. It is on the northwest side of Chicago in Cook County. The area of Skokie is 10.1 square miles (2.62 square kilometers). According the 2020 census, its population was 67,824.

Skokie was named Niles Centre in 1888. By 1910, the spelling of this name was changed to Niles Center. A nearby village was named Niles. This was confusing. The name of the village was changed to Skokie in 1940.

WAV

WAV (or WAVE), short for Waveform Audio File Format, is a Microsoft and IBM audio file format standard for storing an audio bitstream on PCs. It resembles the RIFF bitstream format in the sense that it stores data in “chunks”. It is also close to the IFF and the AIFF format used on Amiga and Macintosh computers, respectively. It is the main format used on Windows systems for raw and typically uncompressed audio. The default bitstream encoding is the Microsoft Pulse Code Modulation (LPCM) format, although other codecs, such as MP3, are allowed as well.

L. Frank Baum

Lyman Frank Baum (May 15, 1856 – May 6, 1919) was an American writer of children's books during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He is best known for his most famous and popular book, "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" (1900), and other "Oz" books that followed it.

Baum was born in a small town in Chittenango, New York. He was a member of a large family. He started writing as a child. When his father bought his children a simple printing press, Baum and a younger brother wrote and printed a small local newspaper. As a young man, Baum wrote and staged plays. Sometimes he wrote songs for his plays and starred in them himself. He also tried many other careers. He was a travelling salesman and a storekeeper for a time. He started a newspaper while he lived in a town in South Dakota. He married in 1882. He and his wife, Maud Gage Baum, raised four sons. Baum had a very good imagination. He liked creating stories for his young sons and their friends.

When he became 40 years old and was living in Chicago, Baum started writing children's books. These books were often based on the stories he had told to children over many years. After several successes in the late 1890s, Baum published what he called an "American fairy tale," "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz", in 1900. The book had pictures drawn by the American artist W. W. Denslow. Baum had to pay for the first "Oz" book himself. No Chicago publisher wanted to publish "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz". One man even told Baum that if people had wanted to read this kind of book, it would already have been written. 

But the first "Oz" book was a big success. Baum was able to give up other business ideas and make enough money to live on by writing children's books. The children who read his books often wrote to Baum, and asked him to write more about "Oz". This caused Baum to begin a series of books set in the fantasy land of Oz. In time, Baum grew tired of the series. He tried to end it but his child readers kept demanding that he continue. Baum met their demands through the rest of his life. He wrote 14 "Oz" books in all. The last two were printed after his death in 1919.

Baum also wrote a large number of books other than the "Oz" series. He was proudest of his fantasies for children, but he also wrote many other kinds of popular works. He used many pen names for these works.

Baum's children's books were illustrated with pictures by different artists. After the first "Oz" book, all the rest in the series had pictures by John R. Neill.

Baum made a good income from his books. He spent time travelling around the world with his wife. They settled in Hollywood, California, and Baum made movie versions of some of his "Oz" books. He also produced stage versions of them. But his businesses were not always successful. In time, Baum had to declare bankruptcy. He was smart enough to put his house in his wife's name, so that they did not lose their home in the bankruptcy.



Book of Jonah

The Old Testament book of Jonah, contains four chapters, and forty-eight verses. The book tells the story of the Prophet Jonah, who was called by God to go to the heathen city of Nineveh, which God would soon destroy if they did not repent. Nineveh was the main city of the Assyrians who were the enemies of Jonah's country of Israel. So instead, Jonah ran away from God and went in a ship towards the west. God sent a great storm and the ship was about to sink. God showed the sailors that Jonah was to blame, and although they didn't want to, they threw him out of the ship and the storm stopped. Jonah was swallowed by a great fish (probably a whale). He repented of his sin of running away from God. Then he prayed for three days and nights. God made the great fish spit Jonah onto the dry land. Then he obeyed God and went to tell the people of their sins to God.

Jonah then went all through the city telling everyone that God was going to punish them. Their hearts were changed and they saw their evildoing. They prayed for God to deliver them from the upcoming destruction to their city. God saw their change and had mercy on them, but Jonah still did not believe it. He went to wait upon a high up rock and see God's anger against the city. God was not pleased with that so he first made a plant grow, and then sent a small worm to bite down the small gourd plant, which was Jonah's only shade from the heat of the sun. Jonah was very angry and said it was better for him to die than live. God, in turn, said that Jonah cared more about the little plant than all the people of Nineveh! 


Book of Malachi

The Book of Malachi, is the last of the books of the Old Testament. The book is made up of four chapters and a total of fifty-five verses. The word Malachi means "my messenger". It is unknown if this is a name or if it describes the work of the writer. There are very few historical details in the Book of Malachi. The best clue as to its dating may be the Persian term for governor (pehâ) is used in Chapter 1 verse 8. This could mean that it was written after the time when the Jews were in Persia. in the same verse, the temple has been rebuilt, the book must also be later than 515 BC. The author of Ecclesiasticus early in the 2nd century BC used some of the themes in the book of Malachi, so most scholars assign it to a position after Haggai and Zechariah, close to the time of Ezra and when Nehemiah came to Jerusalem in 445 BC. Since the book talks about things that are common in religion, it could have been given at most any time. This leaves some doubt about the date.

The Book Of Malachi uses a method of "question and answer". God says something and the people ask how that can be true. Then God gives the reason for what He has said. Then the next statement, question and answer follow. The questions include:
"Does God love us"? and "Why is God angry with us"? God gives a list of wrong things they have done. They have made offerings of second rate things in the temple. Priests have not done their work properly. Men have married women who were not followers of God. They have not been faithful to the wives they have married. They have questioned God's justice and they have not given the tithe to the temple.

The book ends by telling everyone to obey the laws given by Moses and by saying that Elijah will return before the end of time.

Quotes from the Book of Malachi:

Chapter 3, verses 1-3 form part of the text of Handel's Messiah, a famous musical work.

Chapter 3, verse 1 is quoted by Jesus in the Gospel of Matthew Chapter 11, verse 10, and said to be about John the Baptist.

Chapter 4, verse 6 is included in a promise given to the father of John the Baptist in the Gospel of Luke Chapter 1 verse 17

Chapter 3, verse 8 has been quoted by many famous preachers to tell people that they should have given money to God and to help other people.


Trey Lewis

Trey Lewis (born May 23, 1985 in Topeka, Kansas) is an NFL football player. He plays defensive tackle for the Atlanta Falcons. Lewis began playing for the Falcons in 2007.


Polotsk

Polotsk (Polatsk, , , ) is a historical city in Belarus. It is located on the Dvina river. It is the center of Polotsk district in Vitsebsk Voblast. About 79,000 people live there. It is served by Polotsk Airport and during the Cold War was home to Borovitsy air base.

Andance

Andance is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Annonay

Annonay is a town and commune in the north part of the
Ardèche "department" of France. This commune has the most people living in it of the Ardèche département, although it is not the préfecture, which is the smaller town of Privas.

Annonay is a few kilometers away from the Rhône River, 75 km south of Lyon and 40 from Saint-Étienne.

The town's name is possibly of Roman beginnings.

On June 4, 1783, Annonay was the place where the Montgolfier brothers made their first public unmanned hot air balloon flight.

Annonay's twin towns include:


Antraigues-sur-Volane

Antraigues-sur-Volane is a town and a former commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Vallées-d'Antraigues-Asperjoc.


Arcens

Arcens is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Ardoix

Ardoix is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Arlebosc

Arlebosc is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Arras-sur-Rhône

Arras-sur-Rhône is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Asperjoc

Asperjoc is a town and a former commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Vallées-d'Antraigues-Asperjoc.


Les Assions

Les Assions is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Astet

Astet is a commune in the Ardèche "department" in southern France.

The source of the Ardèche River can be found near Astet.


Aubenas

Aubenas is a city and commune in the southern part of the Ardèche "département". The Ardèche River flows through the commune.

Aubenas is twinned with:



Aubignas

Aubignas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Baix

Baix is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Balazuc

Balazuc is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Barnas

Barnas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Beggars Banquet

Beggars Banquet is a 1968 album by British band The Rolling Stones.

Hyles-Anderson College

Hyles-Anderson College is in Crown Point, Indiana. The unaccredited, fundamental, Christian college was founded in 1972 by Dr. Jack Hyles with much financial help from Russell Anderson.

The college is a ministry of the First Baptist Church of Hammond. The president of the college is Dr. Ray Young, and their chancellor is Dr. Jack Schaap, (pastor of the church). In 2008 they will be starting a program called the "Jericho Plan" .


Simon Fraser University

Simon Fraser University (SFU) is a Canadian university. It has campuses in Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby, Vancouver and Surrey, all in British Columbia. SFU is rated as one of Canada’s top universities. It was started in 1965. SFU currently has 24,000 students. The university is named after Simon Fraser. He was an explorer of the Vancouver area.

"Maclean's" magazine rated SFU as Canada's best comprehensive university in 1993, 1997, 1998 and 2000. It is usually always at or near the top of the magazine's list. Research Infosource named SFU the top comprehensive university in Canada for “publication effectiveness” in 2006.

Like most Canadian universities, SFU is a public university. Fifty-six percent of the money used to run the school comes from taxpayers. Thirty-nine percent comes from tuition fees.

The university teaches students in six main groups of topics. Applied Sciences, Arts and Social Sciences, Business Administration, Education, Health Sciences, and Science.

In May 2004, the SFU Senate approved the policy on degree requirements that all its undergraduate students must have. SFU was the first Canadian university to do this. The policy was created to make certain students got a more complete education.


Albi

Albi () is a commune in southern France. It is the prefecture of the Tarn department, in the Occitanie region. It is on the side of the Tarn river, about to the northeast of Toulouse.

It is the seat of the Archbishop of Albi. The cathedral and the part of the city around it (the "Episcopal City") was made a World Heritage Sites in 2010.

The first human settlement in Albi was in the Bronze Age (3000-600 BC). After the Roman conquest of Gaul in 51 BC, the town became "Civitas Albigensium", the city of the Albigeois.

The Cathars had their main centre at Albi and so they were known also as "Albigens" after the city. The Cathar movement was a branch of Christianity which was persecuted in the Middle Ages. Because of this, the city was almost completely destroyed in a crusade between 1209 and 1229. Since 1678, the city is the seat of an archbishop. Since 1790, it is the capital city of the Tarn department.

Albi is in southern France, in the centre of the Tarn department. The Tarn flows through the city and splits it in two; the historical city is on the left side of the river. Several small rivers, tributaries of the Tarn, flows also through the city.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" is at northeast of Toulouse and the closest cities are Castres, Toulouse, Mazamet, Graulhet, Lavaur, Gaillac, Montauban, Rodez et Carmaux. It is surrounded by the "communes" Lescure-d'Albigeois to the north; Saint-Juéry to the northeast; Cunac and Cambon to the east; Fréjairolles to the southeast; Puygouzon to the south; Le Sequestre, Carlus and Saliès to the southwest; Terssac, Marssac-sur-Tarn, Florentin, Rouffiac, Cagnac-les-Mines, Castelnau-de-Lévis.

The climate of Albi is an oceanic climate with template summers, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Albi is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The highest recorded temperature in Albi is , which was recorded in August. The lowest recorded temperature in Albi is , which was recorded in January.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Albi is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The inhabitants of Albi are known, in French, as "Albigeois" (women: "Albigeoises").

The city of Albi has a population, in 2014, of 49,531; its population density is of inhabitants/km.

Albi is the prefecture of the Tarn department since 1797. It is also the capital of four "Cantons":

It is part of the intercommunality "Albigeois" ().

St. Cecile´s cathedral is built like a fortress, in a gothic style. The cathedral is built in a very special style. Inside, there are frescoes from the Renaissance, worth a visit.

The cathedral has walls which are up to thick. This makes it the biggest brick building in the world.

There is a museum dedicated to Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec in the city. De Touluose-Lautrec was born in the city. There are also paintings of other people in the museum.



Albi is twinned with:



Bambi II

Bambi II, originally called "Bambi and the Great Prince" and then "Bambi and the Great Prince of the Forest", is a 2006 American animated drama movie and the midquel to the 1942 movie "Bambi". Although it was eventually released in theatres in 25 countries, in the United States and some other countries it was a direct-to-video release (released on February 7, 2006). Taking place in the middle of "Bambi" during the title character’s adolescence, it shows the Great Prince of the Forest struggling to raise the motherless Bambi, and Bambi's doubts about his father's love. This movie is produced by DisneyToon Studios.

Picking up shortly after his mother's death, Bambi follows his father, the Great Prince, into the forest. With the help of Thumper and Flower, Bambi must win his father's approval, but the Great Prince finds that his high-spirited son may have a lesson or two to teach him as well.

Many of the backgrounds used in the movie are exactly the same that were used in the original 1942 movie. The old backgrounds were put through the computer to create a clearer image.


Additional voices were provided by Bob Bergen, Jennifer Darling, Debi Derryberry, Harrison Fahn, Bill Farmer, Jess Harnell, Butch Hartman, Christopher Knights, Jane Krakowski, Sherry Lynn, Mickie McGowan, Mike Myers, Ryan O'Donohue, Devika Parikh, Bob Peterson, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson-Nyman, Grace Rolek, Jennessa Rose, Tara Strong, Russi Taylor and Joe Whyte.

The movie was released on home video at differing dates, due to it being a theatrical release in some countries. While the movie was a direct-to-video release in countries like the United States, Japan, Canada, mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, it was a theatrical release in some countries like the United Kingdom, France, Austria, Mexico, Dominican Republic, Brazil, Australia and some other European countries. It broke the world record for the longest amount of time between two related movies made in a series, being released 63 and a half years after the first movie. As major studios continue to phase out VHS, this was the last Disney animated movie released on VHS. Following its moratorium strategy, in which releases are made available for a limited time only, Disney gave the DVD a 70-day window for its US release. The movie sold 2.6 million DVDs in its first week in the United States.

The movie received mixed ratings from professional critics. It holds a score of 44% "Rotten" in Rotten Tomatoes and has a rating of 6.1 stars out of 10 in IMDb. It was praised for its animation - regarded as some of the best among the Disney direct-to-video sequels - but the story was thought to be lacking and easy to make. Movie fans were much more positive, according to ratings on Amazon.com.

"Bambi II"'s musical score includes instrumental pieces by Bruce Broughton, and new vocal songs by several noted artists, including Alison Krauss, Martina McBride, and Anthony Callea. Coinciding the with film's DVD release, the soundtrack was released by Walt Disney Records in the United States on February 7, 2006. Produced by Matt Walker, the CD included 9 songs from the movie, as well as three tracks from the original movie.


In the original book on which "Bambi" was based, Ronno was already a stag when Bambi was born, instead of being mere weeks-to-months older than he was as in the movie. An additional twist is that in the book, Ronno was quite respectable (though a bit of a whiner as he is portrayed in the movie), and there was nothing at all personal about his rivalry with Bambi over Faline. Ronno's character is never named in the original movie. However, documentation from Disney clearly indicates that the Ronno in Bambi II is the same deer which Bambi fought in the original, right down to the same moves each deer makes during their fight in the sequel. The age of the Great Prince changes as compared to the original movie. In the original, the Great Prince is said to be twice as old as the oldest deer. In this movie, the Great Prince is said to have been the same age as Bambi's mother.

There are several scenes in "Bambi II" which are noticeably similar to scenes from the first movie, "Bambi". For example:















In 2007, Pimental expressed interest of making a third movie, which was supposed to continue were the original left off. The movie was originally meant to be released direct-to-DVD in the U.S and in European theaters in late 2011. However, the movie was cancelled and the project was never revived since DisneyToon Studios was shut down and the director of most Pixar movies, John Lasseter was nominated Disney's new chief creative officer.


Deportivo Saprissa

The Deportivo Saprissa is a football team of Costa Rica. The team was founded on July 16, 1935. It became a part of the top league, Primera División de Costa Rica on August 21, 1949.

Saprissa was founded because of a group of players and leaders. Ricardo Saprissa Aymá was a part of this group. In 1952, the team won its first national championship.
Saprissa 

In 1937, the colors purple and white were chosen as the colors of the club.

Juani Saprissa Aymá was the president of the Saprissa. Jose Francisco “Pachico” García was their manager when the team started in the Third Division. The Deportivo Saprissa won the championship of Third Division in 1947. In 1948, they played in the Second Division. They won the championship of Second Division that year, with no games lost.

In March 1959, the team became the first Latin American team to go the around the World. The "Morados", which is the team's nickname, played 25 matches in 22 countries of the world. They won 14, tied 1 and lost 7. The team scored a total of 66 goals and had 46 goals scored against them.

During the 1970s, the Deportivo Saprissa won 6 championships. They won every championship from 1972 to 1977. On October 12, 1966, the construction of their stadium started. It is called ""La Cueva del Monstruo"" or simply "La Cueva". After 6 years, the opening of Saprissa Stadium was held on Sunday August 27, 1972.





Chirripó National Park

Chirripó National Park is a national park in Costa Rica. It is in Talamanca Mountain, northeast of San Isidro de El General. This park forms part of La Amistad International Park between Costa Rica and Panama. Chirripó National Park was created on August 19, 1975. It has an area of . The park includes the highest mountain in Costa Rica, Cerro Chirripó. The mountain has an altitude of . 

In the indigenous language, "Chirripó" means "Land of Eternal Waters". The park protects many rivers such as Rio Chirripó Atlántico, Rio Telire, Rio Chirripó Pacífico and the Rio Ceibo. 

The weather changes often and depends of the altitude. The lowest temperature recorded in Costa Rica was in the Mount Chirripó. The warm season goes from December to May. It is recommended to visit the park in those months. 

There are many habitats in the Chirripó National Park. This is because of the differences of altitude and climate. There are large trees like oak and sweet cedar. There are also many different types of orchids. The most common animals in this region are coyotes, jaguars, squirrels, frogs, rabbits, and quetzals.

The first person known to climbed Mount Chirripó was the priest Agustin Blessing in 1904. Other expeditions before the park was created were in 1905, 1913, 1915, 1920, 1932 and 1942. The park now has trails leading to the top of the mountain. It also has a ranger station.

National Parks of Costa Rica

There are 26 National parks in Costa Rica. These parks are managed by SINAC "(Sistema Nacional de Areas de Conservacion)". SINAC is part of Costa Rica's Ministry of Environment and Energy.


The Santa Rosa National Park in the province of Guanacaste is one of the most important historic areas of the country. 

Manuel Antonio National Park was listed by Forbes as one of the world's 12 most beautiful national parks. This park is located on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica, in the province of Puntarenas. It has an area of 682.7 mm. It is one of Costa Rica's most scenic parks. Manuel Antonio receives a lot of national and international tourism. An important attraction is the tropical rainforest inhabited by species of flora and fauna in danger of extinction, such as the Tití monkey.

The island is regarded as a natural laboratory for the study of the evolution of species. Cocos Island is a territory rich landscape and a true laboratory for the study of nature. Many ferns, bromeliads, rivers, creeks and waterfalls, valleys, cliffs and islands frequented by many seabirds and place of nesting gulls.

Blue Flag beach

The Blue Flag is a certification given to beaches by the Foundation for Environmental Education (FEE). A beach that has been awarded the blue flag means that it meets the organisation's standards of environmental management. These standards are for water quality, safety, and public environmental education. Local governments try to get the Blue Flag for their beaches and marinas, to show people that they have high environmental and quality standards.

The Blue Flag is a trademark owned by FEE which is a non-profit, non-governmental organisation. It is made up of 65 organisations in 60 member countries in Europe, Africa, Oceania, Asia and the Americas.

FEE refers to the Blue Flag certificates as awards. They are issued for one year to beaches and marinas of FEE member countries. The awards are announced every year on 5 June for Europe, Canada, Morocco, Tunisia and other countries in a similar geographic location, and on 1 November for the Caribbean, New Zealand, South Africa and other countries in the Southern Hemisphere.

41 countries are currently part of the Blue Flag Programme: Aruba, Bahamas, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Montenegro, Morocco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Russia, Romania, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Tunisia, Turkey, United Kingdom and United Arab Emirates

Sarchí, Costa Rica

Sarchi is a city in Costa Rica. It is famous for its art and hand-crafted furniture. Sarchi is also known for its colorful hand carts that the people there have been making for centuries. 

Sarchi has several small communities. One of the most famous is "Los Bajos del Toro". It is northeast from the center of Sarchi. Although the road is very old, travelers will be able to see one of the best views in Costa Rica. "Los Bajos" has a climate that is very humid and rainy. 

Sarchi is a community made up of artists and craftsmen. It is well known for its ox carts. Most of the ox carts in Costa Rica are created in Sarchi and are sold throughout the country and to tourists. They are usually painted in very bright colors and patterns. In the past, these ox carts were used to carry coffee to the markets.

There are many shops in the town that sell hand-made wooden furniture and souvenirs. Some of the many items that are sold are: tables, rocking chairs, beds, jewelry, sculptures, and paintings.

José Figueres Ferrer

José María Hipólito Figueres Ferrer (September 25, 1906 – June 8, 1990) was president of Costa Rica three times. He was also the rebel leader during the Costa Rican civil war.

Also known as Don Pepe, José Figueres Ferrer was born in San Ramón, Alajuela, Costa Rica. His parents were from Cataluña, Spain: Mariano Rodríguez Borges and Francisca Ferrer Mendiola. Figueres entered the Primary Boys School in San Ramón of Alajuela in 1913. He got in Costa Rica’s Lyceum finishing his Secondary studies in 1920. He went to Boston, United States to travel and study. He returned to Costa Rica in 1928 and bought a coffee farm. 

In 1942, Figueres made a speech on Latin America Radio. In this speech, he objected to the situation in Costa Rica under president Rafael Ángel Calderón. Because of this speech, he was arrested and forced to leave the country. Figueres return to Costa Rica in 1944. He started a political party, the Democratic Party. A main goal of the party was to go against Calderon's party, the National Republican Party. In 1948, supporters of Calderón caused problems with an election for president in which Calderón lost to Otilio Ulate. Because of this, the results of the election were not used. This led to the start of the civil war in 1948. In March 11, 1948, Don Pepe began a war to support the peoples decision at the previous election. Figueres and his troops won. 

In the same year, José Figueres Ferrer became president of the Second Republic Founder Assembly. He became president of Costa Rica for the first time and eliminated the Costa Rica army. He became President of Costa Rica for the second time in 1953 winning the election with 65% of the votes. In 1970, he became Costa Rica’s President for the third time. Figueres died June 8, 1990. Five months later he was declared Benemérito de la Patria.

In the 1953-1958 administration, very important institutions are created. These included:

During his last administration (1970-1974) a lot of institutes were created such as:

Jaw

The jaw is the part of an animal's body that it uses to grab and chew food. In humans, the jaws are two bones in the mouth, the mandible (lower jaw) and maxilla (upper jaw), that let the teeth move up and down in order to chew. The mandible is joined to the skull.

However, in insects, the jaws may open left and right instead, and they are usually outside the mouth instead of inside it. Sea urchins have five jaws with one tooth each. Some animals, even some vertebrates, do not have jaws.

A body part is called a jaw based on what it does, not what it is made of or how it grows. In different animals, it can be made of different kinds of cells and tissue. In the embryos of different animals, it may come from different original places. Even within arthropods, the group that contains insects and lobsters and trilobites and spiders, the jaws of different animals may grow from different original tissues, even though they look similar in adult animals. A pair of appendages that become jaws in one species may become antennae in a different species or legs in another. Moray eels and some other fish have two sets of jaws. The outer jaws in their faces grow from the same tissues as the jaws of other fish, and the inner jaws, called pharyngeal jaws, can come from the same tissue that becomes gills or muscles in other fish.
Marsupials and monotremes are born before their jaws have grown enough for them to drink their mothers' milk the way other baby mammals do. Scientists from Kings' College London found that opossums and other marsupials use tissue from their inner ear to make a temporary jaw so they can feed and grow. They found that baby echidnas also form a temporary jaw using the bones of their inner ear so they can feed and grow.

Battle of Santa Rosa

The Battle of Santa Rosa was a battle between the forces of Costa Rica and those of Nicaragua. It was one of the most important battles in the history of Costa Rica. The battle took place on March 20, 1856 at Santa Rosa, Costa Rica.

The fighting was caused by the arrival of William Walker in Nicaragua. Walker was an American soldier who believed slavery was good. He told the people of Nicaragua that he wanted to help the country. What he really wanted was to conquer the five free nations of Central America. The president of Costa Rica, Juan Rafael Mora Porras thought that Walker wanted to conquer them. On February 27, 1856, Mora declared the war against Walker and Nicaragua.

President Mora called all of his forces to fight. On March 4th, Mora led the forces as they started their march towards Nicaragua. On March 12th, they arrived in Liberia. There they join with Jose Maria Cañas and his battalion. When the filibusters found out what was happening in Costa Rica, they sent troops. Their troops got to Hacienda Santa Rosa on March 19th. On March 20th, the three thousand Costa Ricans walked to Hacienda Santa Rosa where the filibusters had formed their post at La Casona. At four o’clock, the Costa Rican battalions began the attack against the invaders. After fourteen minutes, the Costa Rican forces won the battle. The few filibusters that had escaped went to Nicaragua. William Walker armed a new army. President Mora quickly moved on to Rivas with his 3000 men, and the Battle of Rivas started.

Editus

Editus is a Costa Rican music group. The group included Ricardo Ramírez, Edín Solís and Carlos “Tapado” Vargas. Their music styles were a combination of modern, jazz, new age, classical music, and the unique sound of Latin America. 

Editus went to over 30 countries in North America, Europe and Latin America to give shows. They performed in places like The New York’s Carnegie Hall, The Kennedy Center Washington D.C., The Olimpia in Paris, the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland, Monterrey Jazz Festival, Auditorio Nacional and Plaza del Sócalo in Mexico City.

They have worked with famous artists like León Gieco, Danilo Pérez, Aterciopelados, Tania Libertad, Armando Manzanero, Pedro Aznar, and Rubén Blades. They won the Grammy Award in 2000 with Blades for “Best Latin Pop Presentation” for the song called “Tiempos.” They have also won awards in the categories “Best World Music Album” and “Best Tropical Contemporary Album” for their album "Mundo".

They have received national awards like “Ancora” given by “La Nación” newspaper; the National Association of Authors and Musical Composers (ACAM) named them “The group with Best International Projection,” TELETICA named Editus as the “Artist of the Year 2000” and the newspaper “La República” awarded this group “Personality of the Year.”

During their career they have produced eleven albums, they are:

He was born in November 11th, 1967 in San José, Costa Rica. He is graduated from the University of Costa Rica in 1990. 

From 1983 to 1988 he was part of the Juvenile Symphonic Costa Rican Orchestra. He won the “Soloist teenagers” contest. In 1989 he worked as a soloist with the National Symphonic Orchestra.

Nowadays, he and his brothers are part of the “Trio de Cuerdas,” “Akustic Ensamble” as well as Trio “Ménage d Trois” with Martha Fonseca and Bernal Villegas.

He has played in national performances like “Inconsciente Colectivo,” “Gandhi,” Bernardo Quesada, María Prétiz, Patricia Torres, Duvalier Quirós, Cantoamérica, and Arnoldo Castillo. Out of the country, he record productions with “Son Miserables,” “Congreso” group and Alvaro Aguilar.

Solís was born in Zarcero on November 22nd, 1963. He is graduated in Classical Guitar from the University of Costa Rica Conservatory. He learned how to play the guitar with the Argentinean teachers Jorge Cardoso and Miguel A. Girolet, a Spanish teacher Demetrio Ballesteros, Francisco Ortíz and Víctor Monge.
In 1991 he won the National Prize Contest of guitar and toured Spain, France, and Germany.

From 1985 through 1990 he toured with Cantoamérica Guitarist. He traveled to the United States and Guatemala to show their music style. In 1991, he went to Europe to give his tour as a soloist in Paris, Santiago de Compostela in Spain, Bonn and Köln, both cities of Germany.

He was born in January 22nd, 1971 in San José, Costa Rica. He is graduated in 1987 from the Castella Conservatory. He studied with the percussionist Giovanni Hidalgo and in the teen program of the National Symphonic Orchestra. 

He is part of the National Symphonic Orchestra and The Juvenile Symphonic Orchestra of Costa Rica. Also he has participated in Marfil, Gaviota y Amarillo and Cian Magenta groups. He has played for Paquita D’Rivera and Victor Monge (known as Serranto), Abraham Laboriel, Alvaro López, Justo Almario, Diego Urcola. He was part of Cantoamérica and Cono Sur and also Probus Ensamble Group. At present, he is the percussionist of Malpaís, Kool Jazz and Jazz Latino Sextet. 

San José, Costa Rica

San José is the capital of Costa Rica, head of San José Province, and the nation's largest city. It is named in honor of Saint Joseph. It is in the center of the "Gran Area Metropolitana" (metropolitan area) of the Central Valley. San José is the center of political and economic activity and the main transportation center of Costa Rica.

The population of the city is 288,054, but the metropolitan area of San José has a third of Costa Rica's population.

Few people live in the city center but it is still the most important working area of the entire country. More than a million people come to work in San José daily from the surrounding areas. Despite its problems, according to studies in Latin America, San José is still one of the safest and least violent cities in the region. In 2006 the city was appointed Ibero-American Capital of Culture. San José is also the sixth most important destination in Latin America, according to "The MasterCard Global Destinations Cities Index 2012". In the global ranking, San Jose obtained the 15th position among the world’s top 20 fastest growing destination cities by visitor cross-border spending.

San José was founded in 1738 and became the capital of Costa Rica in 1823. It is one of the youngest capitals of Latin America.

San José has at an average elevation of 1,161 m above sea level.

The climate is generally the same throughout the year. The city has an average temperature is 23C gets about 150 mm of rain each month.

Costa Rica developed high literacy rates and education levels. Most of the people are literate and many have high-school level diplomas. Costa Rica has the best education levels of all the Central American nations, and one of the best in Latin America. This is especially true for San José, because it is the nation's main education center. San José has many education institutions; including public and around 51 private universities.

University of Santo Tomas was the first university of Costa Rica. It was established in San José in 1843. This university had close relations with the Roman Catholic Church and was closed in 1888 by the anti-clerical government of President Bernardo Soto Alfaro. The schools of law, agronomy, fine arts, and pharmacy continued independently, but Costa Rica had no other university until 1940, when those four schools (law, agronomy, fine arts, pharmacy) were united to form the University of Costa Rica (UCR), during the government of President Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia.

San José's public education system is made up of pre-schools, elementary and high schools (from grades 7 to 11), which are in all of the city's districts and are under the supervision of the Ministry of Public Education. There are also private schools. These private schools go from pre-schools to universities. Many are bilingual, teaching subjects in foreign languages such as German, French, or English.

San José city is one of Latin America's safest cities. On June 19, 2012, the city and nation reduced their respective criminality indexes. Criminality, nationwide, was reduced from 12.5% to a 9.5% (per 100,000 inhabitants).

In 2012, new police equipment was given by the nation government; as well as receiving an increase in security budget. President Laura Chinchilla's government has donated vehicles and other equipment to the police department in at least two occasions.

The city also serves as the headquarters of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights.

It can be said that San José is Costa Rica's cultural center, having all the main theaters, museums, parks, and historic buildings.

San José has many beautiful theaters which are mostly inspired by European architecture. These buildings also serve as main tourist attractions; not only because of their beauty, but also because of cultural, musical, and artistic activities which happen regularly.

The most well-known are:
The National Theater ("Teatro Nacional de Costa Rica") and the Mélico Salazar Theater present drama, dance performances and concerts year long. Also, there are other 'smaller' theaters in the city and provide other types of entertainment.

Teatro Variedades is San José's oldest theatre.

There are many different museums in the city: 

There are several special buildings that have historic importance in San José. Some of them are:

San José has many parks and squares (plazas in Spanish); where you can find gazebos, open green areas, recreational areas, lakes, fountains, statues and sculptures by Costa Rican artists as well as many different bird, tree and plant species.

Some of the main Parks are:


San José's largest park and is La Sabana Metropolitan Park. It is in the western part of the city, in the district of 'Mata Redonda'.

Plazas, or squares, are very prominent in San José. La Plaza de La Cultura ('Culture Square'), is one example.

Simón Bolivar Zoo is the city's only zoo and has a many species of animals and plants, both national and international.


CowParade

CowParade is one of the largest public art events of the world. First it began in Chicago and New York. This was in 1999 and 2000. The Cow Parade runs many cities of the United States up to the year 2001. In 2002 it moved to Europe, in London. This Parade has covered a lot of countries through all the five continents. In 2008 they moved to the fourth Latin-American country, Costa Rica. The Cow Parade has been in Argentina, Brazil and Mexico, also.

This public art event is about painting cows with some cultural messages. It doesn’t need to be a professional sculpture. You can find urban and crazy sculptures too. This exhibition is taking place on the principal parks and boulevards of San José, Costa Rica.
The principal purpose of this event is to auction each cow and then the proceeds go to charity.

In San José there are a total of one hundred twenty cows, each one with their topic. There is an amazing level of creativity from the national sculptors who painted and sculpted the cows. They are a lot of beautiful cows made of several material including the rice and beans of the traditional breakfast. Some of the cows have the message of doesn’t forget the traditional customs. Also, some cows have a message to make a country with more love, generosity and with more solidarity.

Some cows also encourage people to take care of Costa Rican nature and all the biodiversity that this small country has. The principal message is just to create a better planet for the future.


Poás Volcano

The Poás Volcano is an active volcano near the town of Poás, Alajuela, Costa Rica. Poas Volcano has two craters. The larger crater is one of the biggest crater in the world. It is in diameter and deep. The biggest known eruption was in 1910.

The area around the volcano is a national park. It is a place where many tourists from Costa Rica and other countries visit. At the bottom of the main crater is a lagoon. The lagoon is an acidic lake with boiling sulfuric gases. The temperature of the lake varies between and . Because of changes in the chemistry of the lake and its temperature, the color of the lake also changes. The second crater has a cold water lake in it. This lake is connected to the nearby river, Rio Angel. 

Gandhi (band)

Gandhi is a rock band from Costa Rica. They play music using distorted guitars and rhythm. The band members are Abel Guier (bassist), Massimo Hernández (drummer), Federico Miranda (guitarist) and Luis Montalbert-Smith (singer and pianist). The lyrics of Gandhi songs are written mainly by Montalbert-Smith. Some of the bands that influenced their songs are Pink Floyd, The Beatles, Queen and Soda Stereo. 

Montalbert-Smith is a very important part of the band's performances because of his charisma and stage presence. These characteristics makes the shows very interesting and full of adrenaline for their fans.

The band began when Miranda and Montalbert-Smith met in high school in the mid 1990s. The complete group of four members started playing at universities and local bars. One of the things that made their shows so well liked was the many different types of art offered. The fans could not only listen to the music, but also see very good scenery design, body painting and their performance.

The band won the Costa Rican award "Album of the Year" in 2004 for the album "Ciclos". The album “Páginas Pérdidas” got three local awards in 2000. They have played in Costa Rica but also in Central America, Mexico and the United States.

The band was chosen to be part of the Tribute to Soda Stereo ("Tributo a Soda Stereo"). They played a version of "En el sétimo día" ("In the Seventh Day"). They have opened concerts for many international artists.


They have some videos of their songs:

Clodomiro Picado

Clodomiro Picado Twight (April 17, 1887 - May 16, 1944) was a Nicaraguan born Costa Rican biologist. Picado may have been the first to have learned about penicillin.

Picado was born in San Marcos, Nicaragua but moved, with his parents, to Costa Rica in 1890. In 1908, Picado won a scholarship of the Costa Rican Congress to study in Paris, France.

In 1913, he finished his university studies in La Sorbonne, where he earned his BSc in zoology and botany, as well as a doctorate degree. In the same year, he came back to Costa Rica to run the laboratory of San Juan de Dios Hospital. At the same time, he was teaching sciences at San Luis Gónzaga School in Cartago city.

Sir Alexander Fleming, a Scottish scientist, is commonly said to be the person who learned about the antibacterial attacks of a fungus known as "Penicillium notatum" in 1928. But in March 2000, Costa Rican doctors showed some notebooks with research belonging to Picado. In these notebooks, he explained his experiments between 1915 and 1927. These experiments had been developed to explain that Penicillium decreased bacterial activity.

Picado had reported his work to the Paris Academy of Sciences in France, but this academy did not patent it, even though Picado had studied the fungus years before Fleming.

Picado studied the creation of various anti-venom serums. This led to the create of the Instituto Clodomiro Picado in 1970. It is a research unit of the University of Costa Rica The unit is works on research in Toxicology, Herpetology and Immunology. It also deals with the production of anti-venom. It was named for him in honor of his life’s work.



From Me to You

"From Me to You" is a song by The Beatles, written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. Released in 1963 as a single, it was their first big hit, staying on top of the chart for seven straight weeks. "From Me to You" comprises five verses and two bridges. It lasts less than two minutes.

Epistle to the Ephesians

Ephesians, is the forty-ninth book in the Christian Bible, and the tenth in the New Testament. This book is thought to have been written by the Apostle Paul to the people of Ephesus while he was imprisoned in Rome, around 62 A.D. However, the words "in Ephesus" do not appear in the best and earliest hand copies of the letter, leading most textual critics, like Bart Ehrman, to regard the words "in Ephesus" as a later addition. Copies of the letter may have been sent to other churches also, since it contains no personal references to people at Ephesus.

Paul's first short visit of three months to Ephesus is recorded in Acts Chapter 18, verses 19–21. The work he began then was continued by Apollos (Acts Chapter 18 verses 24–26) and Aquila and Priscilla. On his second visit early in the next year, he stayed at Ephesus "three years", and from there visited the western parts of Asia Minor. From Ephesus the gospel spread abroad "almost throughout all Asia Minor."

On his last journey to Jerusalem, the apostle landed at Miletus and, called together the leaders of the church from Ephesus, and said "good bye" to them expecting to see them no more. (Acts Chapter 20, verses 18–35)

Frank Charles Thompson, says that the main theme of Ephesians is to tell the newly converted Jews not to separate themselves from their Gentile fellow Christians. The unity of the church, especially between Jew and Gentile believers, is the main thing in the book. The purpose of the epistle, and to whom it was written, are matters of much speculation. It was regarded by C.H. Dodd as the "crown of Paulinism." meaning the most important part of Paul's teachings.

The author strongly tells the church again and again to have a certain view of salvation, which he then explains. Chapter 2, verse 6, states "By grace you have been saved through faith and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God, not of works so that no one should boast"

In Chapter 6 Paul tells about how families should treat each other. He says that children should love their parents, fathers should not make their children angry, servants should serve their masters, and masters should not threaten their servants, since God does not favor any group above another.

The ending of the letter mentions truth, peace, salvation and prayer as "armor of God". that will enable the Christians to stand firm.


Endymion

Endymion is a human character in Greek mythology.

His story is told by various ancient authors. In most versions he is a shepherd, and a young man of unusual handsomeness – so much so that the Moon goddess Selene falls in love with him. She uses her divine power to keep him asleep forever, preserving his youth and beauty.

The Endymion story has been re-told by poets and playwrights. The English playwright John Lyly wrote one version; and the poet John Keats used the story as the basis for his long poem "Endymion".

The name also inspired Prince Endymion, the name of Momaru Chiba's (Darien in the English version) past life character and the lover of the reincarnated Princess Serenity, Usagi (Serena) Tsukino from the popular anime and manga Sailor Moon. In the future he becomes King Darien (キング・エンディミオン King Endymion), ruler of Crystal Tokyo, husband of Neo Queen Serenity and father of Rini.

Samuel Taylor Coleridge

Samuel Taylor Coleridge (21 October 1772 – 25 July 1834) was an English poet. Together with his friend William Wordsworth, Coleridge is often said to have started the Romantic movement in English literature. He was also a literary critic, philosopher and theologian. 

Coleridge was born in Ottery St Mary, Devon. He was the son of a minister, and the youngest of ten children. He attended the University of Cambridge, Jesus College, though he never earned his degree. He met Wordsworth, another young poet, in 1795. They became close friends, and in 1798 they published their poems in a book called "Lyrical Ballads", which many critics consider a key event in English Romanticism. Most of the poems in the book were written by Wordsworth, though it also contained Coleridge's "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner", which many people call his masterpiece and one of the great poems in English. (In it, Coleridge used old-fashioned spellings, like "rime" for "rhyme," to give the poem an antique feeling.)

In 1796, Coleridge wrote his poem "Kubla Khan" — along with the "Ancient Mariner", it is his best-known work. At about the same time, in the later 1790s, Coleridge became addicted to opium. At that time the drug was legal, and was widely used as a painkiller. Coleridge's addiction to opium marked the rest of his life. His health suffered, and he had trouble supporting his wife and children. He also had a hard time finishing the writing projects he started.

Coleridge had a reputation as a great talker, and people often invited him to their dinner parties to hear him speak. He was a successful lecturer at times in his later life. He gained a reputation as a thinker and philosopher as well as a poet. He died in Highgate, Middlesex.

Scholars and critics of English literature have regarded Coleridge as a major figure. In his 1927 book "The Road to Xanadu", John Livingston Lowes used Coleridge's poetry, especially "Kubla Khan", to study the working of the human imagination. Critics have argued about the role that opium addiction played in the poet's life and work. In his 1971 book "Coleridge, the Damaged Archangel", Norman Furman showed that Coleridge was guilty of plagiarism in many of his later works. His opium addiction may have left Coleridge unable to tell when he was repeating the work of other writers that he had read.

With the Beatles

With the Beatles is The Beatles' second UK album. It was recorded four months after the band's first album, "Please Please Me" and was released on 22 November, 1963. The album sold so well in England, it qualified to enter the hit singles charts.

Most of the songs were used again in the first American Beatles album issued by Capitol Records, "Meet The Beatles!" Other songs appeared on "The Beatles' Second Album". In 2003, the album was ranked number 420 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.

Beatles for Sale

Beatles for Sale is The Beatles' fourth album. It was released in late 1964. Many of its songs went into an American release, "Beatles '65", from Capitol Records, while the rest went into "Beatles VI", a compilation album.

John Lennon and Paul McCartney, who wrote most of the band's songs, had filled their earlier album, "A Hard Day's Night", with original songs. The band began recording their next album only a week after finishing "A Hard Day's Night", and they had little time to compose new music. The band filled the album with cover versions, of songs they had performed live in Hamburg, Germany and the Cavern in Liverpool, their hometown, before the Beatles were famous. Press agent Derek Taylor explained in the album's liner notes that all the recordings on "Beatles for Sale" were how the band played the music onstage.

The original songs on the album were praised, for showing Lennon and McCartney had grown and improved as writers. "I'm A Loser" was compared to Bob Dylan's work. "I'll Follow The Sun" was an early song, that was given a rewrite. "What You're Doing" imitated the musical style of The Byrds, who were just becoming popular.

Several live versions of the album's songs have since appeared, that the Beatles played in Germany, and for BBC Radio.


"All songs by Lennon/McCartney, unless credited differently"

+ "Also appeared on Beatles '65 in the United States"<br>
 "Also appeared on Beatles VI.

Rubber Soul

Rubber Soul is the sixth studio album by the English rock band the Beatles. It was released on 3 December 1965 in the United Kingdom, on EMI's Parlophone label. The double A-side single "Day Tripper" / "We Can Work It Out" was released at the same time. The first North American version of the album from Capitol Records had ten of the fourteen songs from the British Parlophone version. "Rubber Soul" was very popular with critics. It was at the top of sales charts in Britain and the United States for many weeks. The album proves the Beatles were starting to use LSD and marijuana.

The album was recorded in London over four weeks in October–November 1965. Most call it a folk rock album, especially in its Capitol (North American) version. "Rubber Soul" has a mix of pop, soul and folk musical styles.

The songs show the Beatles' improving as songwriters. They also used brighter guitar tones and new instrumentation such as sitar, harmonium and fuzz bass.

Abbey Road

Abbey Road is the eleventh studio album (though counted as the twelfth official album) recorded by The Beatles. It was released in September 1969. Side one consisted of hits, while side two consisted of short songs to make up a story.


"All songs written by Lennon/McCartney unless credited differently."

Magical Mystery Tour

Magical Mystery Tour is a 1967 television movie made by The Beatles. It is also the movie's title song, and the name of its soundtrack recording.

Paul McCartney had the original idea for "Magical Mystery Tour", coming back from the Monterey Pop Festival in California, during the summer of 1967. He drew a clock face on a paper plate, and filled it with parts of the show he imagined. McCartney based the idea on Ken Kesey's Merry Pranksters, who travelled the United States in a bus, and also "", which were low-budget weekend vacation trips taken in England.

The other Beatles liked the idea for the show, and made plans to produce and direct it themselves. After they stopped giving concerts in 1966, they had started making their own promotional films (called "promos"), much like today's music videos. They had success with promos, and wanted to try making a whole programme, to appear on television during the Christmas holidays.

Beatles manager Brian Epstein helped set up the production, and the Beatles asked friends, members of their staff, and some professional actors to ride with them in a rented bus over a holiday weekend, and film whatever happened, with magical elements to be added later. Making the movie was one of the first jobs of the Beatles's new company, Apple Corps.

Epstein unfortunately died before filming began. Without him to look over business details, things ran into trouble. By the time things were set up, John Lennon and George Harrison had changed their minds about performing, and spent much of the bus trip asleep. There also was not much for scenery along the roads, or entertainment among the passengers.

What turned into a bigger event than filming "Magical Mystery Tour" was the that began to surround the bus, wondering what the "tour" was all about. People followed the bus for miles, and caused . People who saw the bus go by expected a "happening" of some kind, but none had been planned. In trying to be , nobody had worked out a for the bus, or the trip. Most of the commotion ended after Lennon personally removed the MAGICAL MYSTERY TOUR lettering from the sides of the bus. Later a Beatles assistant said the traffic jams should have also been filmed.

Spots for songs and performances were included in "Magical Mystery Tour", and so was a explaining what the trip was about. The songs featured in the show included "The Fool on the Hill", "I Am The Walrus", "Blue Jay Way", an instrumental song, "Flying", and "Your Mother Should Know", with a choreographed dance sequence. Another band, the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band, played live during a striptease performance.

"Magical Mystery Tour" appeared on British television on Boxing Day in 1967, and was a surprising flop. Part of the reason for its failure was because it was shown in black-and-white, while colour was an important feature. Another part was because most of the viewers did not understand what was supposed to be happening. Another part was that not much had happened on camera, for long parts of the programme, and it showed.

Ringo Starr made a personal appeal to the BBC to show "Magical Mystery Tour" again, in full colour. The BBC gave it a second broadcast, but it did not change opinions. ABC in the United States cancelled plans to show "Magical Mystery Tour" in America. (It later appeared as a "midnight movie", shown in small cinemas and on college campuses.)

Even though "Magical Mystery Tour" was not a television success, its soundtrack still sold well. The show's songs were released as a double EP in England, with a storybook and pictures from the show. In America, Capitol Records added songs from recent Beatles singles to the show songs, and released a whole album. The American version outsold the EP in England, and in 1977 Parlophone Records released a British version of the album.


+ "appeared in the show Magical Mystery Tour "

All songs were written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, except "Flying" (by Lennon, McCartney, Harrison and Starr) and "Blue Jay Way" (by George Harrison).

Hyperinflation

In economics, hyperinflation is inflation that is "out of control," when prices increase very fast as money loses its value. 

One example of hyperinflation is in Germany in the 1920s. In 1922, the largest bank note was 50,000 Reichsmark, In 1923 the largest bank note was 100,000,000,000,000 Mark. In December of 1923 the exchange rate was 4,200,000,000,000 Marks to 1 US dollar. These bank notes were so worthless that people would burn them in fires to keep them warm. The notes would burn longer than the amount of wood you could buy with them. Sometimes the rate of inflation was so high that prices "doubled" every two days. The Rentenmark was introduced to stop this problem. The exchange rate was set at 4.2 Rentenmarks to 1 US Dollar.

In Zimbabwe, the inflation rate was 231,150,888.87% in July 2008.

Brian May

Sir Brian Harold May (born 19 July 1947) is an English musician, songwriter and astrophysicist, best known as the lead guitarist of the rock band Queen. He uses a guitar he built himself with the help of his father. The guitar they built is called the "Red Special". 

Apart from music, May earned his PhD in astrophysics in 2007 and is currently the Chancellor of "Liverpool John Moores University". Together with Patrick Moore and Chris Lintott, he wrote a book called "Bang! The Complete History of the Universe".

May was ranked 39th in Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time."

Brian Harold May, the only child of Harold and Ruth May, was born on 19 July 1947 at Gloucester House Nursing Home in Hampton, Middlesex and attended Hampton Grammar School (now Hampton School). During this time he formed his first band with vocalist and bassist Tim Staffell named Nineteen Eighty-Four after George Orwell's novel of the same name. He graduated from Hampton Grammar School with ten GCE Ordinary Levels and four Advanced Levels in Physics, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics and Additional Mathematics.

May's father Harold worked as a draughtsman at the Ministry of Aviation and had been a long-time cigarette-smoker. As a result, May dislikes smoking, even to the point where he has prohibited smoking indoors at his more recent concerts.

From 1974 to 1988, May was married to Chrissie Mullen, who is the mother of his three children: Jimmy, who was born on 15 June 1978; Louisa, who was born on 22 May 1981 and Emily Ruth, who was born on 17 February 1987. Chrissie and Brian separated in 1988.

He has stated in interviews that he suffered from depression in the late 1980s, even to the point of contemplating suicide, for reasons having to do with his troubled first marriage and his perceived failure as a husband and a dad, his father Harold's death, and Freddie Mercury's illness. May is married to former Eastenders actress Anita Dobson, whom he met in 1986, and who gained fame in the 1980s for providing vocals to the theme tune to the aforementioned soap, entitled "Anyone Can Fall in Love". May himself produced the song, which reached #4 in the UK Singles Chart in August 1986.

John Deacon

John Richard Deacon (born 19 August 1951) is a retired English musician. He is best known as the bass guitarist of the rock band Queen.

He lives in Putney in Southwest London with his wife Veronica Tetzlaff. They were married on 18 January 1975. He is the father of six children.

Roger Taylor (Queen drummer)

Roger Meddows Taylor (born 26 July 1949) is an English musician, singer and songwriter. He is best known as the drummer of the rock band Queen.

Le Béage

Le Béage is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Beauchastel

Beauchastel is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.

The name of the village comes from the "Bel Castrum" castle, built in the 12th century by the Lords Retourtour and Briand. It was ruined during the French Wars of Religion, and today only the tower remains. 
In the 17th and 18th centuries, Beauchastel was one of the last salt stores ("grenier à sel") of the country.


Beaulieu, Ardèche

Beaulieu is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Paul Rodgers

Paul Rodgers (born 17 December 1949) is an English rock singer and songwriter. He is best known for being a member of Free and Bad Company. He has recently toured and recorded with Brian May and Roger Taylor of Queen in a group called Queen + Paul Rodgers.

Beaumont, Ardèche

Beaumont is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Beauvène

Beauvène is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Rouffiac-des-Corbières

Rouffiac-des-Corbières is a village in France. It is just below the castle of Peyrepertuse. In 2004, 97 people lived there.

Berrias-et-Casteljau

Berrias-et-Casteljau is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Berzème

Berzème is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. In 2015, it had a population of 180 people.


Bessas

Bessas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Bidon

Bidon is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Boffres

Boffres is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Bogy

Bogy is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France. Bogy can be found about 10 km from Annonay, and 50 km from Valence.


Borée

Borée is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. In 2008, the town had a population of about 167.


Borne, Ardèche

Borne is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Boucieu-le-Roi

Boucieu-le-Roi is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Boulieu-lès-Annonay

Boulieu-lès-Annonay is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Bourg-Saint-Andéol

Bourg-Saint-Andéol is a small commune of the Ardèche "département" in the Rhône Valley in the southern part of France. It is the capital of a canton in the arrondissement of Privas, with a population of about 8,000 as of the year 1999.



Bozas

Bozas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Brossainc

Brossainc is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Burzet

Burzet is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Cellier-du-Luc

Cellier-du-Luc is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Chalencon

Chalencon is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.


Le Chambon, Ardèche

Le Chambon is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Chambonas

Chambonas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Kohistan District

Kohistan District can be any of the following:


Queen (album)

Queen is the debut studio album by Queen and was released on 13 July 1973 by EMI Records in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States. It went to number 32 in the United Kingdom, number 52 in Japan and number 83 in the United States.

All lead vocals by Freddie Mercury unless noted.

Queen II

Queen II is the second studio album by Queen and was released on 8 March 1974 by EMI Records in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States. It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 19 in Norway, number 26 in Japan, number 40 in Canada and number 49 in the United States. It did poorly in the chart in Australia where it made #79.

All lead vocals by Freddie Mercury unless noted.

Sheer Heart Attack

Sheer Heart Attack is the third studio album by Queen and was released on 8 November 1974 by EMI Records in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Canada and France, number 7 in Finland and the Netherlands, number 9 in Norway, number 12 in the United States, number 19 in Australia and number 23 in Japan.

All lead vocals by Freddie Mercury unless noted.

Peyrepertuse Castle

Peyrepertuse Castle is a castle in France. It is one of the Cathar castles. It was built before the 11th century. It is Aude, in Occitanie. It is built in a strategic position, on a cliff, about 30-40m high. The castle is first mentioned in the year 806, but the site seems to have been occupied since Roman times. At that time, it belonged to a Catalan count. It later changed hands, first to the Count of Barcelona, then to that of Narbonne.

When the Treaty of Corbeil is signed in 1258, the border between France and Spain is right to the south of the castle. In the year 1240, after the Albigensian Crusade against the Cathars, the castle becomes French. It is extended, and there is a garrison placed there; it protects against invasions until the 16th century when Roussillon becomes a French territory.

Today, the ruins of the castle attract about 100.000 visitors a year. There is a vineyard nearby.


Remlingen, Lower Saxony

Remlingen is a former municipality of the district Wolfenbüttel. Since 1 November 2016, it is part of the municipality Remlingen-Semmenstedt. Remlingen is close to Wittmar what is an old village from miners in the Asse. The inhabitants' of Remlingen
are 1953 in three villages. The mayor is named Klaus-Günter Warnecke.


Bryan Ruiz Gonzalez

Bryan Ruiz Gonzalez (born 18 August 1985) is a Costa Rican soccer (European football) player. He was born in San José.

At the age of twelve, Gonzalez started playing for Liga Deportiva Alajuelense minor leagues. He quickly became known as a skilled player. In 2003, at the age of 18, he began playing first division football. He would eventually become a professional soccer player with the same team.

During his first tournament, Gonzalez played well. He soon became an important member of his team. He played in many important games, like “El Clásico” (The Classic), when Alajuela plays their biggest enemy, Saprissa. In his second year Gonzalez's team won the CONCACAF Champion's Cup.

Though Gonzalez had only been a professional soccer player for a short time, he was asked to represent his country by playing on the Costa Rica National Team. He played well and was celebrated by the public.

Suddenly, in 2006, Gonzalez was invited to play for a soccer team in Belgium. The team, K.A.A. Gent, wanted to sign him to a four-year deal. Gonzalez accepted. He became a popular player in Belgium by becoming the best scorer on his team. He also got a hat-trick.

His success gained Gonzalez a lot of attention and popularity. He was asked again to play with the Costa Rican national team. He returned to Costa Rica and played well for the national team. Afterward, he hoped to get signed by a good European team.

In 2009, Gonzalez played with FC Twente Enschede in Holland, where is team won the Cup. In 2010, he began playing for the UEFA Champions League Cup.

Jacó, Costa Rica

Jaco Beach Costa Rica is on the west central coast of Costa Rica's Puntarenas province, on the Pacific Ocean side of the country. What started as a small surfing village popular with Costa Ricans from all over the Pacific coast, has developed into the most popular and visited tourism destination in the whole country. As the closest and most developed beach town from Costa Rica's Juan Santa Maria International Airport in San Jose, Jaco is only a 1 hour and 10 minute ride from the airport.

Jaco is home to the largest selection of hotels, vacation rental condos and private vacation rental homes than any other beach town in Costa Rica, as well as 3 casinos, over 75 restaurants, 3 major grocery stores, surf shops, pharmacies, souvenir and artesan shops, bakeries, dentists, emergency care, and an 18-hole championship golf course. The region is also home to Costa Rica's best zip line canopy tours, ATV tours, white water rafting, surfing and the best Costa Rica fishing charters at the Los Suenos Resort & Marina, in Herradura Beach directly next to Jaco Beach.

To the immediate south of Jaco is the surf town of Playa Hermosa (Hermosa Beach). 1 hour and 15 minutes to the south of Jaco Beach is the Manuel Antonio National Park and Wildlife preserve offering visitors a first hand glimpse of Costa Rica's famed wildlife species such as white face monkeys, howler monkeys, sloths, pizotes, iguanas, butterflies, frogs, insects, and exotic jungle plants native to Costa Rica.


Irazu Volcano

Irazu Volcano National Park has one of the most active volcanos of Costa Rica. It is in the central mountain range at 31 km to northwest of the city of Cartago, 3,435 meters above sea level. It last erupted in 1963 and 1965. 

Irazu Volcano National Park offers many types of craters, some having small lakes. The park also includes 2,309 hectares of rain forest. From the highest point in the park, on a clear day, you can see both, the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea at the same time.

The Crater Principal lake has an unusual greenish yellow coloring caused by rainfall dissolving the minerals along the craters walls. It has also been known to change colour to rust-red depending on the minerals present. The inactive, dry Diego de la Haya crater sits just up to the right of the Crater Principal and is filled with volcanic ash.

The park is the site of a reforestation project to restore the area which was destroyed by the eruptions. The forest is made up of conifers and other exotic and native species. There is a native forest consisting mainly of oaks and alder, protecting the watershed of the Reventado River.

The vegetation of the park has been changed by the constant eruptions, but it is very beautiful and diverse. 


Puerto Viejo de Talamanca

Puerto Viejo de Talamanca is a coastal town in Talamanca in Limón Province. It is in southeastern Costa Rica and is known simply as Puerto Viejo to the people who live there. Puerto Viejo de Talamanca is a tourist destination. The beaches Playa Chiquita, Playa Negra, and Punta Uva are close to Puerto Viejo.

Many tourists stop in Puerto Viejo when going to Panama at Sixaola. This border crossing is popular with people going to and from Bocas del Toro.

List of cantons of Switzerland by area

The following is a list of Cantons of Switzerland, by area:

Cathar castles

Cathar castles ("Châteaux cathares" in French) is a term used by the French tourist industry. It is used for castles in the Languedoc-Roussillon, usually built by the enemies of the Cathars during the Albigensian Crusade. 

The Cathars built fortified homesteads, but not castles. The legend of Cathar architects and builders is no more than a myth. The cathar church did not build anything. For this reason, the only ones which can claim the description "Cathar" are the small castles, often totally unknown to the public. Their unspectacular ruins are often far-away from tourist routes.

Because Raimond II was unable to recapture Carcassone in 1240, the city walls were strengthened by the French King. He also destroyed small "castra" in the Corbières region and built citadels to protect the border with the kingdom of Aragon.

These five castles are often called the "cinq fils de Carcassonne" (five sons of Carcassonne):

These five fortresses resisted various assaults led by the Aragonese army.

In 1659, Louis XIV and the Philip IV of Spain signed the Treaty of the Pyrenees. The French king also married the Infanta Marie Therese. The treaty changed the borders. It gave Rousillon to France and moved the frontier south to the crest of the Pyrenees, where it is now. The fortresses therefore lost their importance. Some maintained a garrison for a while, a few until the French Revolution, but they slowly fell into decay, often becoming sherpherds' shelters or bandits hideouts.


Château d'Usson

The Château d'Usson is one of the Cathar castles in southwestern France. It is in the "commune" of Rouze, in the Ariège "département".

Sertab Erener

Sertab Erener (born December 4, 1964) is a Turkish pop music singer. She is one of the most successful female Turkish pop singers in Turkey. Erener is said to be one of the divas of Turkish pop music. 

She released her first album which produced by Sezen Aksu, "Sakin Ol" (Calm Down) in August 1992. Her debut song "Sakin Ol" became greatly popular. Next album "Lal" (Ruby) released in October 1994. Lal was important for her career, because songs in the album such as "Rüya" (Dream), "Sevdam Ağlıyor" (My Love is Crying), "Mecbursun" (You Have to), "Gel Barışalım Artık" (Let's Make Peace) and "Lal" became hit quickly. 

In May 1997, Sertab released her third album, "Sertab Gibi" (Like Sertab). She stopped working with Sezen Aksu and she worked with Demir Demirkan in this album. Although album's sales were very low, album is the favorite album of fans. "Aşkolan Aşktır" (Love Matters), "Seyrüsefer" (Navigation) and "İncelikler Yüzünden" (Because of the Niceties) were the important songs from the album. Sertab Erener released self-titled fourth album in March 1999. Albums hit were "Yanarım" (I Burn), "Zor Kadın" (Hard Woman) and Vur Yüreğim (Hit, My Heart). Vur Yüreğim's video clip was including real scenes from shocking and afflictive events such as martyr funerals, atomic bomb and natural disasters.

In Europe, she is best known for winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 with her hit song "Every Way That I Can".

Sertab's victory at Eurovision became a real breakthrough in the musical world of Europe. On the wave of success, when the song "Everyway That I Can" occupied the leading lines of the European charts, Sertab Erener recorded the English-language album "No Boundaries", released in 2004.

Scouting

Scouting (sometimes called the Scout Movement) is a youth movement. It was started in 1907 by Robert Baden-Powell as a movement for boys.

Baden-Powell took many ideas from the experiences he made with the Mafeking Cadet Corps. This corps was a paramilitary group made of boys. It was formed during a siege in the Second Boer War. The boys mainly carried messages. This was so the soldiers could focus on defending the city.

Originally, the Scout movement was for boys only. A similar movement for girls, called "Girl Guides" was started in 1910. In most countries there are associations for Scouts and for Girl Guides. Today the Scouts often accept girls, too.

In the Scout movement, people learn to work together to achieve a goal. They also train their character to become better adults.

Usually Scouts give a promise to live by certain rules, and to help others when they can.

Scouts spend their time outdoors, whenever possible.

In 2005, there were more than 28 million Boy Scouts and over 10 million Girl Guides. They came from 216 different countries. There were only six countries with no Scout movement in 2006. They were Andorra, People's Republic of China, Cuba, Laos, Myanmar and North Korea.

In Cuba, there was a Scout organisation, but the Communist government replaced it by the José Martí Pioneer Organization, which is similar to Scouts, but without the international brotherhood and the peace mission.

Scouting organisations have been banned in People's Republic of China. They have been replaced by Young Pioneers of China and Communist Youth League of China. These organisations are a bit similar to Scouts, but without the international brotherhood and the peace mission. There is a Scout Association in Hong Kong and one in Macau. Hong Kong and Macau are Special Autonomous Regions of the People's Republic of China, so the Scout associations there are still allowed to exist. In the Republic of China (Taiwan) Scouting was never banned.

There are no Scouting organisations in Myanmar, but there are a few Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts (headed by the US Scout movement) in Yangon.

Robert Baden-Powell was a military officer. He was stationed in India and Africa in the 1880s and 1890s. Since his youth, he was fond of woodcraft and military scouting. He therefore showed his men how to survive in the wilderness. He noticed that if he taught the soldiers to develop independence, they would no longer follow the orders given by their officers blindly.

In 1896, during the Second Matabele War, Baden-Powell first met and became friends with the American-born British Army Chief of Scouts Frederick Russell Burnham. From Burnham he learned the ways of cowboy and Indian scouts of the Western United States, he started to wear a scout hat like the one worn by Burnham and he discussed with Burnham a scout training programme for boys. Three years later during the Second Boer War, Baden-Powell was besieged in the small town of Mafeking by a much larger Boer army (the Siege of Mafeking). The Mafeking Cadet Corps was a group of youths that supported the troops. The cadets carried messages. This freed the men for military duties. It also kept the boys occupied during the long siege. The Cadet Corps performed well, helping in the defence of the town (1899–1900). This experience was one of the many factors that inspired Baden-Powell to form the Scouting movement. Each member received a badge that showed a combined compass point and spearhead. The badge's logo was similar to the fleur-de-lis that Scouting later adopted as its international symbol.

In the United Kingdom the public followed his struggle to hold Mafeking through newspapers. After the siege, Baden-Powell had become a national hero. This pushed the sales of a small instruction book he had written about military scouting, "Aids to Scouting".

On his return to England he noticed the large interest of boys in this book, which was also used by teachers and youth organisations. Several people suggested to him to rewrite this book for boys, especially during an inspection of the Boys' Brigade. This brigade was a large youth movement, drilled with military precision. Baden-Powell thought this would not be attractive and suggested that it could grow much larger when scouting would be used. He studied other schemes, parts of which he used for Scouting.


In his original book on boy scouting, General Baden-Powell introduced the Scout promise, as follows:

Since the Scouts were formed, other people have tried to form scout-like movements. These movements are a bit like the Scouts but they put more weight on different things. There are for example Scout-like movements that focus more on the fact that the young people should get a good education in religious matters. The movements that have been formed in countries such as Cuba or China are much like Scouts; they leave out some elements though, that the national governments thought would harm the country.


History of Indonesia

The History of Indonesia or more precisely of the Indonesian archipelago in South East Asia with 17,508 islands goes back to "Homo erectus" (popularly known as the "Java Man"). There have been found fossilised remains of about one million years ago.

Austronesian people, who form the majority of the modern population, came to South East Asia from Taiwan. They arrived in Indonesia around 2000 BC. The native Melanesian peoples went to the far eastern regions. The agricultural conditions were very good. When wet-field rice cultivation was developed as early as the eighth century BC,
villages and towns developed, and small kingdoms began to flourish by the first century BCE. Indonesia's sea-lane position helped with management of international trade, where trade with both Indian kingdoms and China already occured for several centuries BCE. Therefore, trade has since fundamentally shaped Indonesian history.

From the seventh century BCE, the powerful Srivijaya naval kingdom flourished as a result of trade. Hinduism and Buddhism were imported with it. In the late 13th century, the Hindu kingdom was founded in eastern Java and under Gajah Mada, its influence stretched over much of Indonesia; this period is often referred to as a "Golden Age" in Indonesian history.

During the 13th century Islam spread to the in northern Sumatra. More and more Indonesian areas gradually adopted Islam. By the end of the 16th century it was the dominant religion in Java and Sumatra. But it mixed with existing cultural and religious influences.

The first Europeans arrived in Indonesia in 1512, when Portuguese traders, led by Francisco Serrão, sought to monopolise the sources of nutmeg, cloves, and cubeb pepper in Maluku. Dutch and British traders followed. In 1602 the Dutch established the Dutch East India Company (VOC) and became the dominant European power. But Dutch control stretched not very far. Only in the early 20th century it extended to borders of today.

During the Second World War the Dutch lost control and in August 1945, Sukarno, an influential nationalist leader, declared independence and was appointed president. After some fights the Netherlands formally recognised Indonesian independence in December 1949 (with the exception of The Dutch territory of West New Guinea).

Sukarno moved from democracy towards dictatorship. But Sukarno lost power to the head of the military, General Suharto who was formally appointed president in March 1968. He was supported by the US government, and encouraged foreign direct investment in Indonesia, which helped economic growth during the following thirty years. But his rule went along with corruption and suppression of political opposition.

In 1997 and 1998, Indonesia was the country hardest hit by the . This increased popular discontent with the New Order and led to popular protests. Suharto resigned on 21 May 1998. In 1999, East Timor voted to leave the state of Indonesia, after a twenty-five-year military occupation. After Suharto's resignation democracy improved. A regional autonomy program was introduced, and the first direct presidential election took place in 2004. But some political and economic instability has remained. A political settlement to an armed separatist conflict in Aceh was achieved in 2005.


Book of Leviticus

Leviticus (lih-vih-tih-kus) is the third book of both the Bible, and the Torah. In Hebrew it is known as Vayikra' (וַיִּקְרָא), meaning 'And He called.' It was written by the Old Testament Patriarch Moses. Leviticus was written to the Hebrew people of Israel. The book has several main topics, some of which are the Jewish laws of sacrificing to God, and the work of the priests. These priests are sometimes known as Levites (what this book is named after). 

It was likely developed over a long period of time, reaching its present form during the Persian empire (Yehud Madinata) between 538-332 BCE. Tradition says this book was written around 1300 B.C. by Moses. 

God gives more instructions to Moses. God asks Moses to repeat what He said to Moses' people, the Israelites. 

Continuing from Exodus the Israelites are escaping Egypt. They reach the Biblical Mount Sinai. In Exodus, Moses learned from God how to build the holy tabernacle (a tent for praying and worshiping). In Leviticus God teaches Moses and the Levites how to make sacrifices and how to behave in a good way.

The first few chapters show God's laws for offering sacrifices for various reasons, such as for the forgiveness of sins.

Then Moses makes Aaron a priest of God. Details about how the priests are to make sacrifices to God are given. This is sometimes called the "ceremonial law". Two sons of Aaron were destroyed for doing the work of the priest in the wrong way. 

Then God teaches the people how to eat right and be clean. Examples of food that are forbidden are pork and shrimp. Meat is also not to be eaten with milk at the same time. Beyond that, eaten meat is to be taken from animals that were slaughtered in a specific way. The meat must not contain blood either, as this is seen as representing life in the face of the animal having died. Regarding staying clean, laws are given about menstruation (the monthly period), sexual relations, skin disease, and how dead bodies are to be disposed of. 

The rest of the book describes how priests, the Levites, should be ordained, should dress, carry out rituals, and act (for example on the Day of Atonement, and other important Holy Days).



John C. Mather

Professor John Cromwell Mather (born 7 August 1946 in Roanoke, Virginia) is an American astrophysicist and cosmologist. He was given the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2006 for his work on cosmic microwave background radiation and COBE satellite with George Smoot. The COBE satellite measures black holes and cosmic radiation. 

This work supported the big-bang theory of the universe beginning. It made cosmology much more accurate. The Nobel Prize committee said: "the COBE-project can also be regarded as the starting point for cosmology as a precision science."

Mather is a Senior Astrophysicist at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland. He is a professor of physics at the University of Maryland, College Park. In 2007, Mather was listed in "Time" magazine's 100 Most Influential People in The World.

After being awarded his Ph.D. Professor Mather went to work at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies at Columbia University. He started the work on COBE there (1974-1976). More than 1,000 researchers, engineers and other workers made the COBE satellite. John Mather was in control of them all and created the technology for measuring the cosmic radiation. George Smoot had the job of measuring small changes in the temperature of the radiation.

Professor Mather and John Boslough wrote all about the COBE teams work in a book called "The Very First Light".




Book of Joshua

The Book of Joshua is the sixth book of the Christian Bible, and also the sixth book of the Hebrew Tanakh. It is not clear who wrote the book, although most of the Jewish tradition believe it was Joshua, son of Nun. It is the first of the books of the Tanakh (Old Testament) covering the history of Israel from the arrival in Canaan or the Promised Land to the Babylonian captivity.

It is not known when the Book was written, but it cannot have been written before roughly 1200 BC, as the events described in the book occur then. Some scholars believe it was written much later, perhaps in 550 BC, at the time of the Babylonian exile, when there was a desire to remember and retell their own history.

After the death of Moses, God put Joshua in charge of the people. Joshua sent two spies to spy on the city of Jericho. A woman prostitute called Rahab hid these two men and told the enemies they had already left. She hid them on top of her roof, underneath stalks of flax. The spies later promised that they would keep the oath that Joshua made with them.

Jericho fell when the people of Israel, instructed by God, circled around the wall of Jericho seven times and blew their ram's horns, and on the seventh time, they all shouted with a great shout, causing the wall to fall.

Joshua told the spies to go to Rahab's house and bring out her family and belongings. The spies did as they were told, as they kept the oath. Joshua saved Rahab's life, and she went to live in Israel.

Later, God told Joshua to invade the city of Ai. After they did this, the people of Gibeon tricked Joshua into a treaty.

However, three days later, the people of Israel realized that they really made a treaty with Gibeon's neighbors, the Hivites. The Hivities became cursed, but the people of Gibeon promised that they would do whatever the Israelites say.

After making peace with the Hivites, they went to lay siege to Gibeon. The Gibeonites sent a message to Joshua saying he needs to save the people of Gibeon. So, God killed many of the Amorites by making large hailstones. Then Joshua made the sun stay over Gibeon, and the moon over Ajalon. Joshua later got very old and died.

No one will be able to stand against you all the days of your life. As I was with Moses, so too I will be with you; I will not fail you nor forsake you. (1:5)

Decide today whom you will serve, the gods your ancestors worshipped in Mesopotamia or the gods of the Amorites in whose land you are now living. As for my family and me, we will serve the LORD. (24:15)


Home education

Home education or homeschooling is a form of education where the parent or guardian is the instructor. The reason for this form of education is usually the guardian is not happy with the nearby schools, or sometimes for religious or moral purposes. Many people also want to protect children from bullying and violence. In recent years, it became popular in many countries.

Before starting homeschooling, it can be a good idea to deschool first. In some countries, such as the United Kingdom, any homeschool arrangement must by law satisfy inspectors that the children's education is sound. This is because, under the Education Act of 1944, parents or guardians are legally obliged to send children to school. The possibility of other methods has been added as a possibility, subject to certain checks.

A common situation is for several families to come together to provide the skills needed. This serves two purposes. First, the range of knowledge and skills is wider, and the schooling has a more social angle, which itself is good for the development of children.

In most countries, homeschooling is a legal alternative to going to a school.

Unschooling is a very free type of homeschooling.

The idea of home schools came to life in the 1960s, when the effectiveness of classroom education was challenged. There were a number of critical publications:

Some private schools try to achieve similar objectives by other means. Summerhill attempts to make a school more flexible and responsive to the needs of individual children.

Dangers of home education include the possibility of it being used for religious and political propaganda, and the vulnerability of children to unsupervised adults. Education may be uneven, leaving children with a patchy grasp of many subjects. The children would also get to know fewer other children than they would ordinarily. Also, it is obvious that some parents are better placed to organise home education than others.

In theory, visits by the inspectors of schools might be able to identify problems. However, at least in the United Kingdom, schools are not inspected every year. If we cannot inspect all schools annually, how can we expect to monitor individual families?



San Pedro de Macorís

The Dominican city of San Pedro de Macorís is the head municipality of the San Pedro de Macorís province, on the southeast of the country.

It has the nickname of "Macorís del mar" ("Macorís by the sea") to differentiate it from San Francisco de Macorís, in the Duarte Province.

There were two very small towns on the left side of the mouth of the river Macorís (or Higuamo): "Mosquito" (because there were too many mosquitos) and "Sol" (English: "Sun", because there were not trees). Even today, San Pedro de Macorís is called sometimes "Mosquitisol" after those two old and small towns.

Since 1852, there was a military post in this place: the Military Post of Macorís, part of the Hato Mayor del Rey municipality in the El Seibo Province.

In 1856, the priest Pedro Carrasco built a Catholic church with the name "San Pedro Apóstol"; the church was between the two towns of Mosquito and Sol. Both towns grew in direction of the church, forming one town called San Pedro de Macorís.

When the country was again a Spanish colony, San Pedro de Macorís was made a "Comandancia de Armas" (an Spanish military category). When the country was free again, in 1865, every town with the category of "Comandancia de Armas" became a municipality. But San Pedro de Macorís was still a very small town of the El Seibo Province.

After 1868, with the sugarcane plantations and the sugar factories, San Pedro de Macorís began to grow and it became one of the most important city in the Dominican Republic. Many people from Cuba and Puerto Rico came to live here during the last years of the 19th century and the first years of the 20th century. Later came people from Spain and the Middle East (Lebanon, Syria) to work in businesses.

To work in the sugarcane fields and factories, people from Haiti and the British West Indies came to San Pedro de Macorís and other regions of the country.

The city had, in , a total population of 195,307: 94,562 men and 100,745 women. The urban population was of the total population.

San Pedro de Macorís is along the coast on the left side of the Higuamo river, also called Macorís. It has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of San Pedro de Macorís. The city is at an elevation of above sea level, and at to the east of Santo Domingo. It does not have any municipal district (subdivisions of a municipality);

The municipality of San Pedro de Macorís is surrounded by the other municipalities of the province: Ramón Santana to the east, Quisqueya to the west and Consuelo to the north. To the south is the Caribbean Sea.

San Pedro de Macorís has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of rainfall, followed by September with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is January with .

San Pedro de Macorís is in a hot region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The economy of San Pedro de Macorís grew around the sugar production; there were several sugar factories and most of that sugar was sent to other countries through its port and then it became one of the most important port of the country. Rum is also produced in the city; rum is made with alcohol from the sugar cane.

There are also some important industries, mainly to produce cement and textiles to send to other countries.

Epistle to the Galatians

The Epistle to the Galatians (or Galatians) is the forty-eighth book in the Bible (and ninth in the New Testament), written by the Apostle Paul. The book was written to the people of Galatia, a part of modern day Turkey, with whom Paul had earlier preached and founded the congregation in their area.

It is not known for sure, but most believe that the book was written around 57 A.D. One of the curious verses in the letter is where Paul says "See with what large letters I am writing this in my own hand". (Chapter 6, verse 11). This is understood to mean that normally Paul used a secretary to write down as he spoke his letters. However he wanted the Galatians to be sure it was he himself that was the author of the letter they would receive so he wrote a few lines himself. Some believe he had poor eyesight and so had to write with "large letters".

Paul's letter is to settle an important question of that day. It is if the gentile Christians must first join the Jewish religion and keep the Law of Moses. Paul says that the gentile Galatians do not need to keep the old Laws such as the need for circumcision, which is the removal of some skin around the male sex organ, done by Jews and Muslims as an act of religious obedience to God. Paul says that this is no longer important since Jesus has come. Paul says it is not good that the community has turned from the gospel (Chapter 1, verses 6–10) He says there is only one gospel and one way of being saved through faith in Christ and that adding to that makes it another gospel. He talks about his early life as a Jew, (Chapter 1, verses 13–14), how he met Christ, often called the conversion of Paul, (Chapter 1, verses 15–16), and his early work (Chapter 1 verses 17–24). He tells about meeting with the other Christian leaders in Jerusalem as reported in Acts chapter 15, verses 2:1–10. He says that they agreed with him that the gentiles did not need to be become practicing Jews first. In Chapter 2 he tells about a meeting with Peter where he told Peter that he was not acting properly towards the gentile Christians by not eating with them. Then he says that Jews, like Gentiles, are not made right with God by keeping the old Law but by trusting in what Jesus did for them when He died on the cross. Later in the book he tells that the Law was given to show us how sinful we are so that we would see the need for forgiveness. He says that when we love others we have fulfilled the true meaning of the Law. He writes that when we have faith, God sends the Holy Spirit who helps us live a good life and keep from bad things. He gives a list of those bad and good actions. (Chapter 5)

The Epistle to the Galatians has been very important in the history of Christianity, the development of Christian theology, and the study of the apostle Paul.

The book contains some of the most known Bible teachings, such as that all have need of salvation (Galatians 3:28-29), and the Fruits of the Spirit (Galatians 5:22-23).


Label

A label can have several meanings:


Neanderthal

The Neanderthal, a species of the genus "Homo", was a near relative of our own species. Its scientific name is "Homo neanderthalensis" or "Homo sapiens neanderthalensis".

Neanderthal fossils were only found in Europe, Asia Minor and up to central Asia. The first fossil was found in a limestone quarry near Düsseldorf: One of the workers found part of a skeleton, in a valley called Neanderthal. Experts Johann Carl Fuhlrott and Hermann Schaaffhausen said the bones belonged to an older form of modern humans. These bones are known as Neanderthal 1 today.

Recent research suggests Neanderthals became extinct about 40,000 years ago. Earlier research had suggested a later date; the problem is the dating of the archaeological sites where their remains have been found.

Neanderthals perhaps evolved from "Homo heidelbergensis" and split off (last common ancestor) from modern humans between 700,000 and 300,000 years ago.

Neanderthals used to be classified as a subspecies of modern humans ("Homo sapiens neanderthalensis"). Now, they are usually classified as a separate human species ("Homo neanderthalensis").

Neanderthal remains have been found in most of Europe south of land covered by ice including the south coast of Great Britain. Finds have also been made outside of Europe in the Zagros Mountains and in the Levant.

The size of the Neanderthal brain shows that Neanderthals were probably intelligent. On average, they had larger brains than modern humans. Large brains have their disadvantages. That is because they use lots of energy, make the skull more likely to be damaged, and cause difficulties during birth. These disadvantages may be less than the advantages, for example, better problem-solving, better social co-operation, language and tool-making.

Neanderthal flint tools (for example, hand axes) were more finely made than those of early man. They were much less varied and finely made than the neolithic tools of modern man. Known Neanderthal art is much less complex than contemporary art from "H. sapiens".

The oldest flute ever discovered may be the so-called Divje Babe flute, found in the Slovenian cave Divje Babe I in 1995. It is about 43,100 years old. It is from a juvenile cave bear femur at the Divje Babe site, near a Mousterian hearth. Archaeologists ask two key questions:

Is it a flute? This has been discussed at length. The best summary is that it is certainly possible for it to be a flute, but it is unproved (not certain).

If it is a flute, was it made by Neanderthals? Again, this is not decided. It is on public display as a flute in the National Museum of Slovenia (Narodni Muzej Slovenije) in Ljubljana. The museum's visitor leaflet says that manufacture by Neanderthals "is reliably proven". This is not a general view, and again it is best to describe the idea as "not proven".

For a long time, people have wondered whether Neanderthals could talk. Many people believe they could, because the large brain size would be hard to understand if they could not. When an undamaged Neanderthal hyoid bone was discovered, it made people think Neanderthals could talk. That is because, in humans, the hyoid is a support for the voice box. Computer analysis has shown that the Neanderthal hyoid was very similar to human hyoids. Researchers say "our findings are consistent with a capacity for speech in the Neanderthals".

In August 1856 the specimen that was to become known as Neanderthal 1 was discovered in the Neander Valley, Germany. The material was found in a limestone quarry near Düsseldorf. A skull cap was first discovered, followed by two femurs, five arm bones, part of the left pelvis, and fragments of a shoulder blade and ribs.

Actually, some remains had been found earlier, but not recognised as a separate species from us. The Engis child from Belgium was the first Neanderthal discovered, in 1829. The second discovered was the Forbes Quarry find from Gibralter in 1848.

Neanderthal men were about 164–168 cm (5.3 ft) tall and averaged 77.6 kg (171 lbs) in weight. Neanderthal women stood about 154 cm (5 ft) tall and averaged 66.4 kg (146 lbs) in weight.

Neanderthals had stronger (more robust) build and distinctive morphological features, especially of the skull. They were much stronger than modern humans; especially in the upper body.

Neanderthal long bones and joints are thicker than ours, and some long bones have a slight curve. Both the thickness and the curve suggest the need for more strength than our species.

Since 2007, tooth age can be directly calculated using the noninvasive imaging of growth patterns in tooth enamel by means of x-ray synchrotron microtomography.

This research suggests much more rapid physical development in Neanderthals than in modern human children. The x-ray synchrotron microtomography study of early "H. sapiens" argues that this difference existed between the two species as far back as 160,000 years before present.

Neanderthals seemed to suffer a high frequency of fractures. These fractures are often healed and show little or no sign of infection, suggesting that injured individuals were cared for during times of incapacitation.

Neanderthals showed a frequency of such injuries comparable to that of modern rodeo professionals, showing frequent contact with large, combative mammals. The fractures suggest they may have hunted by leaping onto their prey and stabbing or even wrestling it to the ground.

They lived in Eurasia during the ice ages of the Pleistocene, and hunted large mammals, such as bison, auroch (an ancestor of living cattle), deer, reindeer, musk ox and mammoth.

The skulls are slightly larger than "Homo sapiens", and this implies intelligence and probably the use of language. The skeleton, on the other hand, suggests they tended to solve their problems (such as hunting) more by force than we do.

Neanderthal stone tools are called Mousterian, and are an advance on the Acheulean tools made by earlier species of Man. "Homo sapiens" stone tools are far more varied still, and suggest that our species relied more on tools than the Neanderthals.

Neanderthals were almost exclusively meat eaters although their diet did include cooked vegetables. They made good tools and lived in complex social groups. Research on their remains has shown that it is possible that they had a spoken language but the nature of any such language is unknown.

There are a number of theories that try to explain why the Neanderthals died out. It has been suggested that they may have been unable to adapt to the changing climate. Alternatively it has been suggested that they were unable to successfully compete with the ancestors of modern humans.



Oldenzaal

Oldenzaal is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 32,000 people were living there in 2021. It lies in Twente region.

Oldenzaal got city rights in 1249.



Homo erectus

Homo erectus (Latin: "upright man") is an extinct species of the genus "Homo". Fossil remains were found in Java (1890s) and in China (1921). Nearly all of them were lost during World War II, but there are casts that are considered to be reliable evidence.

Early in the 20th century it was believed that the first modern humans lived in Asia. But during the 1950s and 1970s, many fossil finds from East Africa (Kenya) showed that the oldest hominins came from there.

"H. erectus" had a cranial capacity (brain size) greater than that the earlier "Homo habilis". The earliest "H. erectus" remains have a cranial capacity of 850 cm³, while the latest Javan specimens measure up to 1100 cm³. This overlaps that of "H. sapiens": the frontal bone is less sloped and the dental arcade smaller than in australopithecines. The face is more vertical (less protrusive) than either the australopithecines or "H. habilis", with large brow-ridges and less prominent cheekbones.

This obvious difference between apes and men often goes without comment. It is hard to explain.

Body hair protects the skin from wounds, bites, heat, cold, and UV radiation. Also, it is used as a communication tool and as a camouflage.

The first member of the genus Homo to be hairless was "Homo erectus", originating about 1.6 million years ago. The dissipation of body heat remains the most widely accepted evolutionary explanation for the loss of body hair in early members of the genus "Homo". The reduction in hair, and the increase in sweat glands, made it easier for their bodies to cool. Man's ancestors moved from living in shady forest to open savanna. This change in environment resulted in a change in diet, from largely vegetarian to hunting. Hunting game on the savanna also increased the need for the regulation of body heat. 

Anthropologist and paleo-biologist Nina Jablonski thinks the ability to lose body heat through sweating helped make possible the dramatic enlargement of the brain. The brain is the most temperature-sensitive human organ. The loss of fur was also a factor in other adaptations. Some of these changes are thought to be the result of sexual selection. By selecting more hairless mates, humans accelerated changes which were first done by natural selection. Sexual selection may also account for the remaining human hair in the pubic area and armpits, which are sites for pheromones, while hair on the head continued to provide protection from the Sun. Humans had hairlessness, upright posture, and high brain capacity by 260,000 to 350,000 years ago.

These early hominins stood about , Only 17 percent of modern male humans are taller. They were slender, with long arms and legs.

The sexual dimorphism between males and females was slightly greater than modern man, with males being about 25% larger than females. The discovery of the skeleton KNM-WT 15000, "Turkana boy" ("Homo ergaster"), made near Lake Turkana, Kenya by Richard Leakey and Kamoya Kimeu in 1984, is one of the most complete hominid-skeletons discovered, and has contributed greatly to the interpretation of human physiological evolution.

The most distinctive tool of erectus was the Acheulean hand axe, first invented 1.8 million years ago (mya). This hand axe was made by chipping a suitable stone with a hammer stone. Later, the neanderthals used a soft hammer made of deer antler bone to make better tools. The Acheulean hand axe lasted for over a million years as the main tool. Its main use was for butchering meat. This we know because different uses leave different micro-wear on the hand axe surfaces.

"Homo erectus" remains one of the most successful and long-lived species of the "Homo" genus. It is generally considered to have given rise to a number of descendant species and subspecies. The oldest known specimen of the ancient human was found in southern Africa.

"Homo ergaster",
"Homo erectus pekinensis",

"Homo antecessor",
"Homo cepranensis",
"Homo floresiensis",
"Homo georgicus"
"Homo heidelbergensis",
"Homo neanderthalensis",
"Homo rhodesiensis",
"Homo sapiens",

Some of the major "Homo erectus" fossils:

Fossil "H. erectus" skulls found in Java in the 1930s have recently been redated. There are 12 skullcaps (top part of skull) and two lower leg bones. The recent research shows that on Java, "H. erectus" survived to about 100,000 years ago. The research gives a definitive age of between 117,000 and 108,000 years ago. That is much a much longer survival than in any other part of the world, so far as is known. This means, says the report, that "H. erectus" was still around when our own species was [elsewhere] walking the Earth. Java is an island, and presumably it had not yet been discovered by Neanderthals or our own species. Remains suggest that our own species did not reach Java until about 39,000 years ago.



Paramilitary

Paramilitary describes forces which are organised as military forces, but are not part of the Armed Forces. Examples of such forces are police forces guarding the borders of a country. There are paramilitary groups that are official (run by a country), and others that are not.

The name comes from Greek "para" (which means "beside") and Latin "miles" (which means "soldier").

Though a paramilitary is not a military force, it is usually equivalent to a military's light infantry force in terms of intensity, firepower, and organizational structure. Paramilitary forces and organisations use "military" equipment, skills, tactics etc that are compatable with the civilian sector (IE: Urban environments etc). During peacetime, Paramilitary professions are usually found in areas such as high profile non-military sites such as laboratories, nuclear power plants, industrial explosive factories, seaports, airports, borders and government sites such as embassies, palaces, political summits etc tasked with roles of VIP protection, anti-terrorism etc. A paramilitary may also commonly fall under the command of a military, even despite not being part of the military or play an assisting role for the military in times of war.

Paramilitary forces can also include private military company missions.

Although similar, a quasi-military organisation has more near-identical to military aspects ("i.e.", militia, mercenary, insurgency, guerrilla, terrorist, rebel, drug cartel, private army, "etc.") whereas a paramilitary is its own ("i.e.," internal security, SWAT, coast guard, border guard, "etc.").




Champagne, Ardèche

Champagne is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Champis, Ardèche

Champis is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southeast France.


Chandolas

Chandolas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Chanéac

Chanéac is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Charmes-sur-Rhône

Charmes-sur-Rhône is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.


Charnas

Charnas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France. About 715 or 722 people lived there in 2008.



Palaeolithic

The Palaeolithic (or Paleolithic) was a period of prehistory when humans made stone tools. It was the first and longest part of the Stone Age. It began around 3.3 million years ago and ended around 11,650 years ago. About 99% of human history happened in the Palaeolithic.

The Palaeolithic began when hominids (early humans) started to use stones as tools for bashing, cutting, and scraping. All members of the genus "Homo" made stone tools, starting with relatively crude tools made by "Homo habilis" and "Homo erectus". In Europe, the large-brained Neanderthal Man ("Homo neanderthalensis") made tools of high quality. Our own species, "Homo sapiens", made even higher-quality tools. These tools are the first cultural products which have survived to modern times.

The oldest stone tools ever found are about 3.3 million years old. Archaeologists found these tools in the Great Rift Valley of Africa. Australopithecines probably made them. Archaeologists have found stone tools in continental Europe from about one million years ago, and in Britain from about 700,000 years ago.

During the Palaeolithic Age, humans grouped together in small bands. They lived by gathering plants and hunting wild animals. They made tools out of wood and bone as well as stone. They probably also used leather and vegetable fibers, but these do not last as long as stone and have not survived to modern times.

The Palaeolithic ended around 11,650 years ago, when humans began to make smaller, finer tools. In Western Europe, this was the beginning of the Mesolithic period. In warmer climates like Africa, the Epipaleolithic period came after the Palaeolithic.

The Pleistocene geological epoch (also called the Ice Age) happened at the same time as the Palaeolithic. In some areas, like Western Europe, this ice age affected the way people lived. In the Middle East, people began to switch from hunting and gathering to agriculture. Both the Palaeolithic and the Pliestocene ended around the same time.

Hominids began to make Oldowan tools around 2.6 million years ago. They continued to make these tools until about 1.7 million years ago. After that, hominids began to make more sophisticated tools, which archaeologists call Acheulean. 

Oldowan tools are named after Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania, where Oldowan tools were first found. The archaeologist Louis Leakey made this discovery in the 1930s. For a long time after that, archaeologists thought that the Oldowan were the earliest tools ever made. Now they know that hominids made stone tools much earlier in history - about 3.3 million years ago. This was before the genus "Homo" had evolved.

Archaeologists do not know for sure which species actually created and used Oldowan tools. The use of these tools reached its peak with early species of "Homo," such as "H. habilis" and "H. ergaster". Archaeologists think that early "Homo erectus" inherited Oldowan technology, then refined it into the Acheulean industry beginning about 1.7 million years ago. Oldowan tools are sometimes called "pebble tools", because the blanks chosen for their production already resemble, in pebble form, the final product. They are sometimes subdivided into types, such as choppers, scrapers and pounders, based on their main uses.

Around 1.7 million years ago, "Homo habilis" began to make oval- and pear-shaped hand axes. Archaeologists call these tools Acheulean. They were more sophisticated than Oldowan tools, and had more uses. Early humans made these tools in Africa, western Asia, and Europe during the Lower Palaeolithic era. They are usually found with "Homo erectus" remains.

Acheulean tools were the dominant technology for most of human history. More than a million years ago, Acheulean tool users left Africa to colonize Eurasia. Although it developed in Africa, the Acheulean industry is named after the type site of Saint-Acheul, where archaeologists first found Acheulean tools in the 19th century. This area is now a suburb of Amiens in northern France.

John Frere was the first to suggest in writing that hominids started making Acheulean tools during "a very ancient period." In 1797, Frere sent two examples of Acheulean tools to the Royal Academy in London from Hoxne in Suffolk. He had found them in prehistoric lake deposits, along with the bones of extinct animals. He concluded that they were made by people ""who had not the use of metals"" and said they belonged to a ""very ancient period indeed, even beyond the present world"". However, other archaeologist still held a pre-Darwinian view of human evolution, and they ignored Frere's ideas. 

Based on radiometric dating (often potassium-argon dating), hominids began to use Acheulean techniques around 1.65 million years ago, and continued to use these tools until about 100,000 years ago. Archaeologists found the oldest known Acheulean tools in the West Turkana region of Kenya. These tools are 1.65 million years old. Some archaeologists think that hominids began to use Acheulean techniques earlier, around 1.8 million years ago.

In individual regions, scientists can use radiometric dating to determine the age of a tool much more precisely. For example, Acheulean methods did not reach Europe until around 400,000 years ago. In smaller study areas, scientists can narrow down a tool's age even more. However, numerical dates can be misleading. It is common to associate examples of this early human tool industry with one or more glacial or interglacial periods, or with a particular species of early human. The earliest user of Acheulean tools was "Homo ergaster," who first appeared about 1.8 million years ago. Some researchers prefer to call these hominids "early Homo erectus". Later forms of early humans also used Acheulean techniques. These are described below.

There is considerable time overlap in early prehistoric stone-working industries. In some regions, Acheulean tool-using groups were contemporary with other, less sophisticated industries such as the Clactonian. Then, later, Acheulean tools occur at the same time as the more sophisticated Mousterian. The Acheulean was not a neatly defined period, but a tool-making technique which flourished especially well in early prehistory. It was a basic method for making stone tools which was shared across much of the Old World.

In Europe, early humans began to make flint tools during the early part of the interglacial period, around 400,000 years ago. Archaeologists call these Clactonian tools. "Homo erectus" made Clactonian tools; modern humans did not. Early, crude flint tools from other regions, made using similar methods, are either called Clactonian tools or "core & flake" technology.

These tools are named after Clacton-on-Sea in the English county of Essex. There, in 1911, archaeologists found Clactonian artifacts along with the remains of a giant elephant and hippopotamus. These artifacts included flint chopping tools, flint flakes, and the tip of a worked wooden shaft. Archaeologists have found other Clactonian tools at sites in Swanscombe, Kent, and Barnham in Suffolk. Evidence shows that early humans made this type of tool throughout Northern Europe.

To make Clactonian tools, early humans struck thick, irregular flakes from a core of flint. They used the flint core as a chopper, and used the flakes as crude knives or scrapers. Archaeologists have found Clactonian tools which were notched, implying that they were attached to a handle or shaft.

The Clactonian and Acheulean industries might have existed at the same time. However, in 2004, archaeologists excavated a butchered Pleistocene elephant near Dartford, Kent. They found many Clactonian flint tools, but no hand axes. Since hand axes would have been more useful than choppers to dismember an elephant carcass, this is evidence that the Clactonian was a separate industry. Flint of sufficient quality was available in the area, so archaeologists think the people who carved up the elephant did not know how to make hand axes.

The Mousterian is an industry of stone tools associated with Neanderthal Man ("Homo neanderthalensis"). Early humans started making these tools around 300,000 years ago, and continued to make them until about 30,000 years ago. There are up to thirty types of Mousterian tools, compared to about six in the Acheulean style.

The Mousterian was named after the type site of Le Moustier, a rock shelter in the Dordogne region of France. Archaeologists have found similar flintwork all over unglaciated Europe, as well as the Near East and North Africa. Mousterian hand axes usually had long blades and points. Overall, these tools are finished more perfectly than any previous style of toolmaking. 

To make Mousterian tools, early humans used the Levallois technique. This is a prepared-core technique: the toolmaker works on the core of the stone for so that they can strike off a long, fine blade. For this quality of work, early humans had to use a 'soft' hammer made of something like deer antler, not a stone hammer. Neanderthals had larger brains than humans; this may have helped them develop Mousterian technology.

All cultures of modern humans, "Homo sapiens", used the Mousterian style"." It is characteristic of our species to produce many more tools, all specialised for particular tasks. There are at least 100 types of tools in the Upper Palaeolithic, compared to a maximum of 30 tools in the Mousterian.

The Palaeolithic is sometimes divided into three (somewhat overlapping) periods which mark technological and cultural advances in different human communities:
The Mesolithic and Neolithic eras followed the Palaeolithic. The Neolithic ended around 1900 BC. At this time, the Stone Age ended and the Bronze Age began. Later, when the Bronze Age ended, the Iron Age began.

Venus figurines may be some of the first pieces of art ever made. These are very small statues of women, mostly pregnant with visible breasts. Archaeologists have found them in areas of Western Europe, stretching to Siberia. 

Most of the Venus figurines that archaeologists have found are between 20,000 and 30,000 years old. However, they have found two figurines that are much older. The Venus of Tan-Tan, found in Morocco, is 300,000 to 500,000 years old. The Venus of Berekhat Ram, found on the Golan Heights, is between 200,000 and 300,000 years ago. These may be the some of the earliest things that show the human form.

Early humans used different kinds of stone, bones, and ivory to make these figurines. They also made Venus figurines out of clay, then hardened the clay by heating it in a fire. This is one of the earliest known uses of ceramics.

Archaeologists do not know what these figurines meant to the people who made them. There are two basic theories:
Scientists know that these figurines were not linked to the fertility of fields, because agriculture had not been discovered when the figurines were made.

The two older Venus figurines may have formed mostly through natural processes. The Venus of Tan-Tan was covered with a substance that could have been some kind of paint. The substance contained traces of iron and manganese. The figurine of Berekhat Ram has traces of tool marks. A study done in 1997 states that nature alone could not have left these traces.

Cave paintings have been found in about 350 caves in Europe. Many were done in the Palaeolothic Age, between about 15,000 and 30,000 years ago. Some of the most famous are in the Cave of Altamira in Spain and the Lascaux Cave in France. Usually, cave paintings show animals, like aurochs, bisons or horses. 

Nobody knows why these paintings were done. However, archaeologists know that people did not create cave paintings just to decorate their living spaces. Usually, there are no signs that humans ever lived in the caves where people painted.

The oldest known cave paintings are in the Chauvet Cave in France. There are two groups of paintings in this cave. The first group was painted 33,000 to 30,000 years ago. The second group was done 26,000 to 27,000 years ago. We know this because scientists did radiocarbon dating of "black from drawings, from torch marks and from the floors". By 1999, scientists had dated 31 samples from the cave. The oldest were from 33,390-32,410 years ago.

Some archaeologists say this timeline is incorrect. Christian Züchner studied the style of the Chauvet paintings and compared it to paintings done at other caves. He thought one group of paintings was done between 28,000 and 23,000 years ago. He said the other group was between 18,000 and 10,000 years old. Pettitt and Bahn also think the Chauvet painting styles do not match the dates identified through radiocarbon dating.

People from the Palaeolithic era drew well. They knew about perspective, and they knew of different ways to draw. They were able to observe the behaviour of animals they painted. Some of the paintings show how the animals behaved. The paintings may have been important for rituals.

Paleolithic hunter-gatherers ate leafy vegetables, fruit, nuts, insects, meat, shellfish, and other types of fish. Because there is little direct evidence, it is almost impossible to determine how much of their diet was plant food and how much was meat. Even the idea that most humans of a given period shared the same diet is problematic. The Paleolithic was an extended period of time. During that time, there were many technological advances, many of which had impact on human dietary structure. For example, until the Middle Palaeolithic, humans probably did not have control of fire, or the tools needed to do extensive fishing. On the other hand, archaeologists generally agree that both of these technologies were widely available to humans by the end of the Paleolithic. (This allowed humans in some regions of the planet to rely heavily on fishing and hunting.)

In addition, in the Palaeolithic, human populations spread across a wide geographical area. Archaeologists think that during the Lower Paleolithic, ancestors of modern humans lived only in Africa east of the Great Rift Valley. During the Middle and Upper Paleolithic, humans greatly expanded their area of settlement, reaching ecosystems as diverse as New Guinea and Alaska. The needed to adapt their diets to the local resources that were available.

Anthropologists have different opinions about the proportions of plant and animal foods consumed. Just as with still existing hunters and gatherers, there were many varied "diets" - in different groups -of fruit and vegetables. The relative proportions of plant and animal foods in the diets of Paleolithic people often varied between regions; in colder regions, more meat was necessary. These regions were not populated by anatomically modern humans until 30,000-50,000 BP. It is generally agreed that many modern hunting and fishing tools, such as fish hooks, nets, bows, and poisons, were not introduced until the Upper Palaeolithic and possibly even Neolithic. The only hunting tools widely available to humans during any significant part of the Paleolithic period were hand-held spears and harpoons. There's evidence of Paleolithic people killing and eating seals and elands as far as 100,000 years BP. On the other hand, buffalo bones found in African caves from the same period are typically of very young or very old individuals, and there's no evidence that pigs, elephants or rhinos were hunted by humans at the time.

Another view is that until the Upper Paleolithic, humans were frugivores (fruit eaters) who supplemented their meals with carrion, eggs, and small prey such as baby birds and mussels. Only on rare occasions did they manage to kill and consume big game such as antelopes. This view is supported by studies of higher apes, particularly chimpanzees. Chimpanzees are the closest to humans genetically. They share more than 96% of their DNA code with humans, and their digestive tract is functionally very similar. Chimpanzees are primarily frugivores, but they could and would consume and digest animal flesh, given the opportunity. In general, their actual diet in the wild is about 95% plant-based, with the remaining 5% filled with insects, eggs, and baby animals. In some ecosystems, however, chimpanzees are predatory, forming parties to hunt monkeys. Some comparative studies of human and higher primate digestive tracts do suggest that humans have evolved to obtain greater amounts of calories from sources such as animal foods, allowing them to shrink the size of the gastrointestinal tract relative to body mass and to increase the brain mass instead.

Paleolithic peoples suffered less famine and malnutrition than the Neolithic farming tribes that followed them. This was partly because Paleolithic hunter-gatherers accessed to a wider variety natural foods, which allowed them a more nutritious diet and a decreased risk of famine. Many of the famines experienced by Neolithic (and some modern) farmers were caused or amplified by their dependence on a small number of crops. It is thought that wild foods can have a significantly different nutritional profile than cultivated foods. The greater amount of meat obtained by hunting big game animals in Paleolithic diets than Neolithic diets may have also allowed Paleolithic hunter-gatherers to enjoy a more nutritious diet than Neolithic agriculturalists. It has been argued that the shift from hunting and gathering to agriculture resulted in an increasing focus on a limited variety of foods, with meat likely taking a back seat to plants. It is also unlikely that Paleolithic hunter-gatherers were affected by modern diseases of affluence such as Type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease and cerebrovascular disease, because they ate mostly lean meats and plants and frequently engaged in intense physical activity, and because the average lifespan was shorter than the age of common-onset of these conditions.

Large-seeded legumes were part of the human diet long before the Neolithic agricultural revolution, as evident from archaeobotanical finds from the Mousterian layers of Kebara Cave, in Israel.<ref name="doi10.1016/j.jas.2004.11.006"></ref> There is evidence suggesting that Paleolithic societies were gathering wild cereals for food use at least as early as 30,000 years ago. However, seeds, such as grains and beans, were rarely eaten and never in large quantities on a daily basis.<ref name="doi:10.1080/11026480510032043"></ref> Recent archeological evidence also indicates that winemaking may have originated in the Paleolithic, when early humans drank the juice of naturally fermented wild grapes from animal-skin pouches. Paleolithic humans consumed animal organ meats, including the livers, kidneys and brains. Upper Paleolithic cultures appear to have had significant knowledge about plants and herbs and may have, albeit very rarely, practiced rudimentary forms of horticulture. In particular, bananas and tubers may have been cultivated as early as 25,000 BP in southeast Asia. Late Upper Paleolithic societies also appear to have occasionally practiced pastoralism and animal husbandry, presumably for dietary reasons. For instance, some European late Upper Paleolithic cultures domesticated and raised reindeer, presumably for their meat or milk, as early as 14,000 BP. Humans also probably consumed hallucinogenic plants during the Paleolithic period. The Australian Aborigines have been consuming a variety of native animal and plant foods, called bushfood, for an estimated 60,000 years, since the Middle Paleolithic.
People during the Middle Paleolithic, such as the Neanderthals and Middle Paleolithic Homo sapiens in Africa, began to catch shellfish for food as revealed by shellfish cooking in Neanderthal sites in Italy about 110,000 years ago and Middle Paleolithic "Homo sapiens" sites at Pinnacle Point, in Africa around 164,000 BP.<ref name="NYTIMES/10/08/07"></ref> Although fishing only became common during the Upper Paleolithic, fish have been part of human diets long before the dawn of the Upper Paleolithic and have certainly been consumed by humans since at least the Middle Paleolithic. For example, the Middle Paleolithic "Homo sapiens" in the region now occupied by the Democratic Republic of the Congo hunted large -long catfish with specialized barbed fishing points as early as 90,000 years ago. The invention of fishing allowed some Upper Paleolithic and later hunter-gatherer societies to become sedentary or semi-nomadic, which altered their social structures. Example societies are the Lepenski Vir as well as some contemporary hunter-gatherers such as the Tlingit. In some instances (at least the Tlingit) they developed social stratification, slavery and complex social structures such as chiefdoms.

Anthropologists such as Tim White suggest that cannibalism was common in human societies prior to the beginning of the Upper Paleolithic, based on the large amount of “butchered human" bones found in Neanderthal and other Lower/Middle Paleolithic sites. Cannibalism in the Lower and Middle Paleolithic may have occurred because of food shortages. However, it may have been for religious reasons, and would coincide with the development of religious practices thought to have occurred during the Upper Paleolithic. Nonetheless, it remains possible that Paleolithic societies never practiced cannibalism, and that the damage to recovered human bones was either the result of ritual post-mortem bone cleaning or predation by carnivores such as saber tooth cats, lions and hyenas.




Bolas

Bolas (from Spanish "bola", "ball", also known as "boleadoras") are a throwing weapon made of weights on the ends of interconnected cords, designed to capture animals by entangling their legs. They are used by the gauchos in South America today, but have been found in excavations of pre-Hispanic settlements, especially in Patagonia, where indigenous peoples used them to catch guanaco and ñandu.
Gauchos use boleadoras to capture running cattle or game. The thrower gives the balls momentum by swinging them and then releases the boledoras. The weapon is usually used to entangle the animal's legs, but when thrown with enough force might even break the bone.

There is no uniform design; most bolas have two or three balls, but there are versions of up to 8 or 9 balls. Some bolas have balls of equal weight, others vary the knot and cord. Gauchos use bolas made of leather cords with wooden balls or small leather sacks full of stones at the ends of the cords.

Bolas can be named depending on the amount of weights used:


Cord

Cord may refer to:



Howard Hughes

Howard Robard Hughes, Jr. (December 24, 1905 – April 5, 1976), was an American businessman and movie producer. During his life, he was one of the richest people in the world. He was born in Humble, Texas to a rich family. He went to Hollywood and became a movie producer and aviator. Hughes broke several world records for flying aeroplanes. He created his own air company, which was later bought by TWA.

Many people now think Hughes may have had OCD or obsessive compulsive disorder. This is because later in life, he kept himself away from the outside world. He lived in a hotel suite at The Desert Inn in Las Vegas as a recluse. He never left his room. He also did not cut his hair or fingernails. He had a group of doctors and other people to help take care of him.

In 1972, a man named Clifford Irving claimed to have co-written the autobiography of Hughes. It was later shown to not be real. Hughes died in Houston while being moved to a hospital in Mexico. After he died, there was an argument over his will.

Tarzan

Tarzan is a main fictional character. He appeared in many books by Edgar Rice Burroughs. Burroughs first wrote about Tarzan in 1914. The book was called "Tarzan of the Apes". Tarzan's father was an English lord who died in the African jungle. The baby Tarzan was left alone in the jungle. Giant apes found the baby Tarzan and took care of him. Tarzan has also appeared in other media including movies, movie serials, comic books, and television programs.

Surfer Rosa

Surfer Rosa is the first music album by the Pixies. It was released by a record label called 4AD in March 1988.


OK Go

OK Go is a rock band from Chicago. The band members are Damian Kulash (lead vocals and guitar), Tim Nordwind (bass guitar and backing vocals), Dan Konopka (drums and percussion) and Andy Ross (keyboards, guitar and backing vocals). Their best known song is "Here It Goes Again".

Death zone

The death zone is the name used by mountain climbers for high altitude where there is not enough available oxygen for humans to breathe. This is usually above 8,000 metres (26,247 feet). Fourteen mountains have peaks that are in the death zone; Those mountains are in Asia, and they are part of the Himalaya and Karakoram.

"People are advised not to stay in the death zone for more than 16 to 20 hours", media said; Shorter stays can also be deadly.

Most of the 200+ climbers who have died on Mount Everest have died in the death zone. Due to the inverse relationship of atmospheric pressure to altitude, at the top of Mount Everest the average person takes in about 30% of the oxygen in the air that they would take in at sea level; a normal human person used to breathing air at sea level could only be there for a few minutes before they became unconscious. Most climbers have to carry oxygen bottles to be able to reach the top. Visitors become weak and have inability to think clearly and make decisions, especially under stress. Since helicopters also perform poorly in thin air, many bodies of dead visitors are left on the mountain.

In 2008, Pemba Gyalje stayed in K2's Death Zone for 90 hours.

In 2006, climber Lincoln Hall, had been left for dead on Everest on May 25, 2006. He did survive the event. The lack of oxygen in his blood made it easier for him to get frostbite. He also had headaches, nausea, vomiting and hallucinations. He said later this was caused by cerebral edema. This is a swelling of the brain. This is caused at high altitude when blood leaks into the brain. It can kill a person if the brain becomes too compressed. Hall was left for dead after his breathing and heartbeat stopped. He was found the next morning. A team of four, led by American climber Daniel Mazur, found Hall was sitting cross-legged near a ten-thousand foot cliff's edge. He was not wearing his gloves or hat. He also did not have any oxygen equipment and his climbing suit was not zipped . Mazur later said that Hall seemed lucid. He said that Hall's first words were, "I imagine you're surprised to see me here." A very large rescue operation was created and Hall was rescued. He lived for seven years after the event.. He spoke and wrote books about his experiences on Everest. Hall died in 2012 from mesothelioma.

George F. Smoot

George Fitzgerald Smoot III (born February 20, 1945) is an American professor of astrophysics and cosmology. In 2006 he won a Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on cosmic microwave background radiation and COBE with John C. Mather. That work made it possible to measure black holes and cosmic radiation much more exactly than was possible before.

This work gave new evidence for the big-bang idea that the universe was once a big explosion. This work was completed using the Cosmic Background Explorer Satellite (COBE). The Nobel Prize committee said: "the COBE-project can also be regarded as the starting point for cosmology as a precision science."

Professor Smoot works for the University of California, Berkeley Department of Physics. In 2003 he was awarded the Einstein Medal.

Professor Smoot was born in Yukon, Florida. He went to Upper Arlington High School in Upper Arlington, Ohio until 1962. He studied mathematics for some time before going to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he was awarded two bachelor's degrees for mathematics and physics in 1966, and a Ph.D. in particle physics in 1970.

Smoots cousin, Oliver R. Smoot, also studied at MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology), and was made famous for the Smoot measurement of the Harvard Bridge between Cambridge and Boston. The "Smoot" length was marked in paint over 360 times on the bridge and is repainted there every year. Oliver later worked as the Chairman of the American National Standards Institute.

Professor Smoot began to study cosmology, and went to Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory where he worked with Luis Walter Alvarez on the experiment HAPPE, a high up weather balloon for detecting antimatter in the upper atmosphere.

He then took up an interest in the microwaves in cosmic radiation which had been discovered by Arno Allan Penzias and Robert Woodrow Wilson in 1964. This work gave new evidence of what the universe is made of. Some researchers thought that the universe was rotating, which would mean that temperature of microwaves would seem different when measured from different angles. With the help of Alvarez and Richard A. Muller, Professor Smoot developed a radiometer to measure the difference in temperature from two angles 60 degrees apart. The radiometer was put on top of a Lockheed U-2 plane, but the measurements seemed to show that the universe was not rotating. It did, however, detect another difference in the microwave temperature on one side of the sky. They called this a dipole pattern and a Doppler effect of the Earth's motion. A doppler effect happens because the Sun, and the Milky Way are moving at nearly 600 km/s. They think this is caused by gravity from the Great Attractor.

The measurements from the radiometer showed that one side of the sky was different to the other but this was surprising because it was expected that many differences would be found all over the sky. Smoot was working on finding these smaller differences in the late 1970s when he gave NASA an idea to make a satellite with a detector that was similar to the one mounted on the Lockheed aeroplane. This detector would be much more powerful and it would not be affected by the atmosphere. NASA spent US$160  million on the satellite and named it the COBE. The COBE satellite was delayed after the Space Shuttle Challenger was destroyed, but was launched successfully on November 18, 1989. After more than two years, on 21 April 1992, the COBE research team claimed that the satellite had detected the small differences they were looking for. This was very important in the study of the early universe. The study was "evidence for the birth of the universe". Professor Smoot said: "If you're religious, it's like looking at God."

More than 1,000 researchers, engineers and other workers helped to make the COBE. John Mather was in control of the whole project and the experiments that made the COBE possible. George Smoot was in control of measuring the small differences in the temperature of the radiation.

Smoot worked with the "San Francisco Chronicle"s journalist, Keay Davidson, to write a book called "Wrinkles in Time", all about the team's work. In the book "The Very First Light", John Mather and John Boslough write more of the COBE story. Mathers book says that Professor Smoot was giving news of COBE to the press before NASA did. This made problems between Smoot and Mather in the past.

After COBE, Smoot helped with another experiment with a stratospheric balloon called the MAXIMA experiment. This ballon took some better measurements than the COBE. Smoot has continued studying cosmic radiatin and now works on the third generation COBE satellite Planck. He is also working on the design of a Supernova/Acceleration Probe (SNAP), a satellite which is to measure dark energy. He has also assisted in analyzing data from the Spitzer Space Telescope in connection with measuring far infrared background radiation.


Soundgarden

Soundgarden was an American rock band. They began in Seattle, Washington, in 1984.

Soundgarden helped create the sound of grunge music. This is a genre of alternative rock that first became popular in Seattle. They were first signed to a local record label Sub Pop. Later, they were the first grunge band to sign to a major label, A&M Records, in 1988.

Soundgarden became well known with the 1994 album "Superunknown". It debuted at number one on the "Billboard" charts. Two singles won Grammy Awards; "Black Hole Sun" and "Spoonman". VH1 has ranked Soundgarden at number 14 in their special "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".

In 1997, the band broke up because they could no longer agree on the sound of their musical future. The members worked on other projects for more than ten years. Soundgarden got back together in 2010. Two years later, they released their sixth studio album, "King Animal".

On May 17, 2017, frontman Chris Cornell was found dead in his Detroit hotel room, the night after a concert at the city's Fox Theatre. An autopsy on his body revealed that Cornell had killed himself. The band broke up after Cornell's death.

Soundgarden began in 1984. They first had three members: singer and drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. The band named themselves after a wind-channeling pipe sculpture, "A Sound Garden". The art work is in Magnuson Park, in Seattle.

At first, Cornell played drums while singing, but in 1985 the band hired Scott Sundquist so that Cornell could just sing. The band's first recordings were three songs on a compilation album for C/Z Records named "Deep Six". Also appearing on the album were early grunge artists Green River, Skin Yard, Malfunkshun, The U-Men and the Melvins. In 1986, Sundquist left the band. He was replaced by Matt Cameron, who had been the drummer for Skin Yard.

A Seattle radio station DJ, Jonathan Poneman, liked Soundgarden after seeing them perform. He later said, "I saw this band that was everything rock music should be". Poneman offered to pay for a record to be made by the band. Teaming up with Bruce Pavitt, Poneman also contributed $20,000 to the financially struggling Sub Pop. This helped turn Sup Pop into a popular, successful record label that attracted more success with grunge bands. Sub Pop then released Soundgarden's "Screaming Life" EP in 1987, and the "Fopp" EP in 1988. A combination of the two was issued as "Screaming Life/Fopp" in 1990.

Though major labels were asking Soundgarden to sign with them, in 1988 the band chose a small independent label, SST Records. SST released their debut album, "Ultramega OK". The album was nominated for a Grammy for Best Metal Performance in 1990.

The band's first music video, "Flower", became popular; airing regularly on MTV's "120 Minutes". In 1989, Soundgarden promoted "Ultramega OK" with a tour of the United States and then went to Europe. This was their first overseas tour.

In 1989, Soundgarden released their first album for a major label, A&M Records. "Louder Than Love" became the band's first to chart on the "Billboard" 200. It reached number 108 on the chart in 1990. The band supported the album with tours of North America and Europe.

A month before touring for "Louder Than Love" began, bassist Hiro Yamamoto left to go back to college. Yamamoto was unhappy because he felt he was not important enough to the band. Former Nirvana bassist Jason Everman took his place for the tour. Everman was fired immediately after Soundgarden got back from Europe in mid-1990. An EP "Loudest Love" and the video compilation "Louder Than Live", were both released in 1990. The video shows five live tracks made during the "Louder Than Love" tour.

Bassist Ben Shepherd joined Soundgarden in 1990. Their next album, "Badmotorfinger" was released in 1991. It had some success, reaching number 39 on the album charts. But it got less attention because of the surprise success of Nirvana's "Nevermind", released the same month as "Badmotorfinger". Two singles got popular airplay on alternative radio stations and MTV.

The first single from "Badmotorfinger", "Jesus Christ Pose", got negative attention when MTV banned its music video in 1991. Many listeners were outraged by the song and its video, calling it anti-Christian. The band received death threats while on tour in the United Kingdom in support of the album. "Badmotorfinger" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1992.

After a tour of North America in 1991, the band opened for Guns N' Roses in North America on the band's "Use Your Illusion Tour". After several tours to promote the album, they rejoined Guns N' Roses in the summer of 1992 in Europe as part of the Use Your Illusion Tour with another opening act, Faith No More. The band took part in the 1992 Lollapalooza tour with the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Pearl Jam, and Ministry.

The band later released a video compilation "Motorvision". It was made in 1992 at the Paramount Theatre. Also that year, they appeared in the movie "Singles". They were show performing "Birth Ritual". The song appeared on the soundtrack, as did a Chris Cornell solo song, "Seasons".

Soundgarden released "Superunknown" in 1994. It became the band's best-selling album, partly because of the popular singles "Black Hole Sun", "Spoonman", "My Wave", and "Fell on Black Days". Upon its release in March 1994, "Superunknown" debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 album chart.

The lyrics of the songs were dark and sad; much of them seem to be talking about substance abuse, suicide, and depression. Reviewer J.D. Considine of "Rolling Stone" said "Superunknown" "demonstrates far greater range than many bands manage in an entire career." He also stated, "At its best, "Superunknown" offers a more harrowing depiction of alienation and despair than anything on "In Utero"."

The music video for "Black Hole Sun" received the MTV Video Music Award for "Best Rock Video|Best Metal/Hard Rock Video" award in 1994. Soundgarden won two Grammy Awards in 1995; "Black Hole Sun" received the award for Best Hard Rock Performance and "Spoonman" received the award for Best Metal Performance.

After a worldwide tour to promote "Superunknown", the band members began working on what would become their last studio album for more than 15 years. It was released in 1996. Four singles were released from the album: "Pretty Noose", "Blow Up the Outside World", "Burden in My Hand", and "Ty Cobb".

The music was less heavy metal and grunge sounding than the group's previous albums. The band members said that they wanted to experiment with other sounds. In a review, David Browne of "Entertainment Weekly" said, "Few bands since Led Zeppelin have so crisply mixed instruments both acoustic and electric." However, the writing and recording of the album was stressful for the group. Thayil and Cornell seemed to not agree on a change from the heavy guitar riffs that had become the band's trademark. The album got favorable reviews, but did not sell as well as "Superunknown".

The band played on the 1996 Lollapalooza tour with Metallica, who had asked for them to appear. After Lollapalooza, the band left for a world tour. Tensions continued to increase during the tour. When asked if the band hated touring, Cornell said, "We really enjoy it to a point and then it gets tedious, because it becomes repetitious. You feel like fans have paid their money and they expect you to come out and play them your songs like the first time you ever played them. That's the point where we hate touring." At the tour's final stop in Honolulu, Hawaii on February 9, 1997, Shepherd threw his bass guitar into the air in frustration after his equipment failed. He then stormed off the stage. The band then also left the stage, but Cornell returned to play a solo as an encore.

On April 9, 1997, the band announced they were breaking up. Thayil said, "It was pretty obvious from everybody's general attitude over the course of the previous half year that there was some dissatisfaction." A best-of album named "A-Sides", was released in November 1997 through A&M Records.

After almost 13 years, on January 1, 2010, Chris Cornell wrote on his Twitter, "The 12-year break is over and school is back in session. Sign up now. Knights of the Soundtable ride again!" The message linked to a website for fans to enter their e-mail addresses to get updates on the reunion.

On May 18, 2017, hours after the band performed a concert in Detroit, Michigan, Chris Cornell committed suicide by hanging.


Book of Judges

The Book of Judges is the seventh book in both the Christian Bible (Old Testament), and the Hebrew Tanakh. It was originally written in Hebrew, to the people in Israel. The Hebrew word for the book is "Shaptiym", which means, 'people of judgment.'

The book contains the stories of many "judges" who were leaders who typically led the people in battle and then served as a civil leader. While not kings, these men were respected and they sometimes decided cases. That is why they were called Judges. One of the Judges was Samson who was a very strong man. He fought against the Philistines. After his beloved, Delilah, tricked him by cutting his hair, he was made a slave. At his death, he destroyed many enemies by pulling down a building on them. Gideon was another famous judge. He defeated an army of Midianites with only 300 men. Another famous judge was Deborah. She was a military, civil and religious leader. 

In the book, there is a pattern which repeats. The people turn from God, and he allows their enemies to harm them. Then they pray to God. He sends them a new judge. This judge helps the people and defeats their enemies. The people are happy for a time, but soon they again turn from God. This happens again and again.




Black people

Black people is a term that is used for a racial group of people with a dark skin color. The meaning of the word is mainly used for people of Sub-Saharan African descent, but also includes certain groups in Oceania and Southeast Asia.

Black people in the United States are called "African Americans". Before 1860, many Africans were brought to the United States in the European slave trade by white people. Many African slaves worked on cotton, sugarcane, tobacco and rice plantations in the Southern United States for their white slave masters. Later, other Africans came out of their free will. Discrimination against African Americans is a big problem. Black Lives Matter is a movement fighting against racism.

In 2010, the cities with the largest numbers of African Americans were Detroit (670,000 black inhabitants) and Memphis (607,000 black inhabitants). 
In 2008, Barack Obama became the first African American president of the United States. In 2021, Kamala Harris became the first African American to be the Vice President of the United States.

Some blacks in the United States are Hispanic, Caribbean or African because of immigration. Most recent African immigrants are refugees from East Africa such as Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia etc. or high-skilled immigrants from Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana, and South Africa.

Most non-Hispanic blacks in the United States live in the South. States with a large black population are Texas, Georgia, Florida, New York, North Carolina, Maryland, Illinois, Virginia and Louisiana. New York City, Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit and Houston have the largest black population by city.

The first black people were brought to the United States by white colonizers on a Dutch boat from Angola in 1619 to the British colony of Jamestown in Virginia.

White men who were Spanish colonizers shipped African slaves to Latin American countries such as Colombia, Brazil, Mexico, Honduras, El Salvador, Venezuela, Cuba, Guatemala, Panama, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic because of the decline of Native Americans from smallpox and disease. Native Americans were initially slaves but white Europeans turned to Africans because of the mass decline of the Native American population. Many Mestizos and Hispanics have African DNA from the slave trade because of the race mixing with white people, African slaves and Native Americans. Many African ex-slaves in Latin America are mixed race and have Native American and Spanish ancestry. "Mestizaje" in Latin America by the Spanish was similar to the racial whitening that happened in Brazil.

Black slaves were shipped to various Caribbean countries such as Jamaica, Haiti, The Bahamas, Barbados and Trinidad and Tobago. Europeans, mostly the British, the Dutch and the French brought Africans to the Caribbean to work on crops like coffee, sugar, cocoa, cotton and indigo.

There were 1.2 million black people living in Canada in 2016.

There were about 1 million black people living in Germany in 2020.

Black people were racially discriminated and were considered inferior by the Nazis along with Gypsies.

In India and Pakistan there are Siddi people. Their ancestors came from East Africa.

During apartheid people in South Africa were classified into four main races: Black, White, Asian (mostly Indian) and Coloured. Under apartheid black people were treated the most badly. Coloured people were treated slightly less badly. In South Africa, Chinese people who lived there during apartheid are classed as black. About 80% of people in South Africa are black African. The income of the average white South African household is six times as much as that of the average black South African household.

Black people in the United Kingdom are defined by terms used by the Office for National Statistics. They make up 3.3% of the people in the UK. Of course, these terms may or may not be used in everyday life.


Book of Ruth

The Book of "Ruth" is the eighth book of the Old Testament (Christian), and the Tanakh (Jewish). It is one of the shortest books in both the Jewish and Christian holy books, consisting of only four chapters. It is unknown who wrote the book.

The book does not name its author. In the past, people believed the prophet Samuel (11th century BCE) was the author. But the majority of scholars now date it to the Persian period (6th–4th centuries BCE). 

The book tells the story of the family of Elimelech, his wife Naomi, and their sons Mahlon and Chilion. Because of a famine, they were forced to leave Bethlehem and go to the land of Moab. Once there, Elimelech died, and his sons married two Moabite women. Mahlon married Ruth, and Chilion married Orpah. After some time there, Mahlon and Chilion both died.

Naomi was forced to return home because her husband and sons were dead. She then told Ruth and Orpah to return home to their families and find new husbands. Orpah returned home but Ruth promised she would follow Naomi wherever she went. Ruth's pledge to Naomi is found in chapter 1 verses 16 and 17. " But Ruth said, "Do not press me to leave you or to turn back from following you! Where you go, I will go; where you lodge, I will lodge; your people shall be my people, and your God my God. Where you die, I will die— there will I be buried. May the Lord do thus and so to me, and more as well, if even death parts me from you!"" Although originally made by a daughter-in-law to her mother-in-law, a form of this pledge is sometimes included in wedding services.

They returned to their home and Ruth decided she would go into the fields to pick up grain the wealthy people would drop on the ground (a common practice in that time). A kind man named Boaz, who was the owner of the field, noticed her and her beauty. He also learned that she had chosen to follow the God of Israel and that she was caring for her widowed mother-in-law. He told his workers to drop extra grain for her. When she went home to tell her mother-in-law how much she received, they found out that Boaz was a close relative of theirs. Under Jewish law, this gave Ruth the right to marry Boaz, if Boaz bought the land formerly owned by Ruth's husband.

After an even closer relative said he would not buy the land and marry her, Boaz and Ruth were happily married. She would bear him a son named Obed, who was the father of Jesse, who was the father of David, who was, according to the New Testament, the ancestor of Jesus.


Mesolithic

The Mesolithic was a period in the development of human technology between the Paleolithic and Neolithic periods of the Stone Age.

In the Palaeolithic, people were pure hunter-gatherers. In the Neolithic they were farmers in settlements with domesticated animals and wheat, with over 100 kinds of tools and with pottery. The Mesolithic was a transitional period between the two. It happened at different times in different places. Mesolithic tools are small tools produced by chipping, and are hunter-gatherer tools, often arrowheads and points. Neolithic tools are often polished and far more varied. They are tools of more settled societies with some agriculture.

The term 'Mesolithic' was introduced by Hodder Westrop in 1877, though the idea had been used earlier. It was not much used until V. Gordon Childe popularized it in his book "The dawn of Europe" (1947). There is another term, 'Epipalaeolithic', which is sometimes used instead.

The type of tool is the diagnostic factor. The Mesolithic featured devices made with small chipped stone tools. The Neolithic mainly abandoned this mode in favor of polished, not chipped, stone tools.

The Mesolithic culture can be set apart from that of the Palaeolithic in these ways:

The Fertile Crescent was the first part of the world to move out of the Palaeolithic.

In some areas, such as the Near East, agriculture was already underway by the end of the Pleistocene, and there the Mesolithic is short. In areas with limited influence of ice age, the term "Epipaleolithic" is sometimes preferred.

Regions that experienced greater environmental effects as the last ice age ended have a much more evident Mesolithic era. This lasted millennia. In Northern Europe, societies were able to live well on rich food supplies from the marshlands. Such conditions produced distinctive human behaviours which are preserved in characteristic finds. These conditions also delayed the coming of the Neolithic until as late as 4000 BC (6,000 before present) in northern Europe.

Genetic research has been done on the skeleton of a 7,000-year-old man from north-west Spain. It shows he had blue eyes and a dark skin. The analysis showed that he had ancestral alleles in several skin pigmentation genes. This means he had dark hair and brown skin.

Researchers were surprised because they thought that European populations evolved light skin quite quickly. In lower latitudes dark skin protects from UV rays in sunlight. In northern latitudes this is not such a problem, but the supply of vitamin D is a problem. Vitamin D is synthesised by the action of sunlight on skin. Therefore, it is an advantage in much of Europe to have a light skin.

Earlier research was done on data using 2,196 samples from 185 diverse populations. It showed that at least three ancestral groups contributed to present-day Europeans.


Epipalaeolithic

The Epipaleolithic or "peripheral old stone age" is a term used for the hunter-gatherer cultures that existed after the end of the last ice age, before the Neolithic. 

The term is sometimes confused with Mesolithic, and the two are sometimes used as synonyms. Yet, when a distinction is made, Epipaleolithic is used for those cultures that were not much affected by the ending of the Ice Age and the term Mesolithic is reserved for Western Europe where the extinction of the Megafauna had a great influence on the paleolithic populations at the end of the Ice Age.

Thinker

Thinker could mean:

Agricultural revolution

Agricultural revolution could mean:

There are also several more local events related to agriculture and called revolutions:


Neolithic revolution

The Neolithic revolution was the first agricultural revolution. It was a gradual change from nomadic hunting and gathering communities to agriculture and settlement. It changed the way of life of the communities which made the change. It occurred in different prehistoric human societies at different times. Many societies changed 10–7 thousand years ago.

The term refers to the general time period over which these developments took place. It also applies to the developments in social organization and technology. These included the adoption of early agriculture techniques, crop cultivation, and the domestication of animals.

The Neolithic revolution led to people living in permanent or semi-permanent settlements. Because of this fewer people led a nomadic lifestyle. To be able to know who the crops grown belonged to, the concept of land ownership was developed. The natural environment was changed, population sizes grew, and people ate more vegetable and cereal foods in their diet. Hierarchies developed in society. Grain was stored, and could be traded. Surplus production from good crop yields helped societies survive bad years.

With domesticated animals such as dogs, goats, sheep, and cattle, and crops, human society changed. Now, having crops and livestock, they no longer needed to move around. They could build better settlements. Their diet also changed. It included more oats and vegetables. People also started to keep and manage food: it was not advisable to eat all grain seeds, because then there would be no seeds left to plant the next year. Also, there were surplus in some years and that could be traded for other goods with other peoples.

These changes happened independently in several parts of the world. They did not happen in the same order. The earliest farming societies in the Near East did not use pottery. It is still unclear to what extent plants were domesticated in Britain, or if permanently settled communities existed at all. Early Japanese societies used pottery "before" developing agriculture.

In the Paleolithic there were more than one human species, but only the modern human reached the Mesolithic and Neolithic.
Vere Gordon Childe gave the name "Neolithic Revolution" to this process in the 1920s. He thought that it was as important as the Industrial Revolution (which happened in the 18th and 19th century).

There are different theories why this transition could have happened:

According to Harland, there are three main reasons why the Neolithic revolution happened:




British Army

The British Army is the army of the British Armed Forces, the military of the United Kingdom. The British Army came into being with unification of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland into the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707. The new British Army included regiments that had already existed in England and Scotland and was administered by the War Office from London. Since 1963, it has been managed by the Ministry of Defence. Around a quarter of soldiers in the British Army are in the Infantry.

Under Oliver Cromwell, the English Army was active in the conquest and settlement of Ireland since the 1650s. The Cromwellian campaign was characterised by its uncompromising treatment of Irish towns that had supported the Royalists during the English Civil War. 

Since the Seven Years' War ebded in 1763, the British have been one of the leading military and economic powers of the world. The British Empire expanded to include colonies, protectorates, and dominions throughout the Americas, Africa, Asia and Australasia. Although the Royal Navy is widely regarded as having been vital for the rise of the empire and British dominance of the world, the British Army also played important roles in colonisation. 

The British Army was heavily involved in the Napoleonic Wars by serving in Spain and the rest of Europe and in North Africa. The war between the British and the French Empires stretched around the world. The British Army finally came to defeat Napoleon at one of Britain's greatest military victories at the Battle of Waterloo.


Mario Kart

Mario Kart (stylized as MARIOKART) is a series of racing video games and media franchise, made by Nintendo. It began with "Super Mario Kart" for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1992. To date, there are four "Mario Kart" games on home consoles, three portable games, and three Namco co-developed arcade games, making a total of twelve. The latest game of the series is Mario Kart Tour.

In the "Mario Kart" series, players compete in go-kart races, controlling one of a selection of characters from the "Mario" franchise. Up to eight participants can compete in each race, with the exception of "Mario Kart Wii", which holds twelve. One of the features of the series is the use of various power-up items obtained by driving into item boxes laid out on the course. These power-ups include mushrooms to give players a speed boost, Koopa Shells to be thrown at opponents, and banana peels that can be laid on the track as hazards. The type of weapon received from an item box is random and often influenced by the player's position in the race. For example, players lagging far behind may receive more powerful items while the leader will only receive small defensive items. This gameplay mechanic–called "rubber banding"– allows other players or computers a realistic chance to eat up the leading player no matter how far ahead they are. As the series has progresses, each new title has introduced new elements in order to keep the gameplay fresh. Changes typically include new items, new stages, and new methods of obtaining speed boosts, but most games have also featured a new play mechanic as well. Changes new titles have brought to the series include: "Mario Kart 64" introducing 4-player racing and bringing the series into the third dimension, "'s" introducing a partner system and the Double Dash!!, "Mario Kart Wii's" use of motorbikes and twelve participants per race, and the newest entry into the franchise, "Mario Kart 7", featuring hang gliders, submarines and a new first-person perspective as well as customizing karts.

Many course themes are repeated throughout the series. For example, most games have featured a circuit course, a desert course, a city or highway course with traffic, some form of a beach course, a stadium course, a jungle course, an ice or snow course, Bowser's Castle and Rainbow Road. Each game in the series includes 16 original courses, with the exception of "Super Mario Kart" and "Super Circuit", which holds 20. Most races have three laps, while some games have more or less. There are also three to six original battle arenas in each game, designed exclusively for Battle mode. So far, there are 120 original courses and 30 original arenas spread throughout these seven games. Additionally, there are 48 Retro courses and 10 Retro arenas. These consist of older material recreated for newer games.


Each "Mario Kart" game features a variety of different modes. The following modes recur most often in the series:





Several "Mario Kart"-related items appear in the "Super Smash Bros." series, with "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" in particular featuring a stage based on one of "Mario Kart DS"<nowiki>'s</nowiki> courses. Certain courses from the series have also appeared in "F-Zero X", "Itadaki Street DS", "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games", "Fortune Street" and "Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games". Various items from the series can also be seen in games such as "Nintendogs" and "Animal Crossing".

"Mario Kart" has had a range of merchandise released. This includes a Scalextric style "Mario Kart DS" Figure-8-Circuit. It comes with Mario and Donkey Kong figures, while a Wario and a Luigi are available separately. It also includes CD soundtracks. A line of remote-controlled karts are available in stores. Each kart has a Game Boy Advance-shaped controller. It features forward driving and rotates when put in reverse, instead of steering. The current line-up of karts is Mario, Donkey Kong and Yoshi. There are three large karts that depict the same trio. These karts are controlled by a GameCube controller shape. Japanese figurines of Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, Yoshi, Wario, Donkey Kong, and Bowser are also available for purchase as well as for "Mario Kart 64", figures of Mario, Luigi, Wario, Bowser, Donkey Kong, and Yoshi were made by Toybiz. There is also a land-line telephone featuring Mario holding a lightning bolt while seated in his Kart, as seen here.
K'Nex has released "Mario Kart Wii" sets, with Mario, Luigi, Yoshi, and Bowser in karts and bikes. Club Nintendo also released merchandise with a platinum soundtrack from "Mario Kart Wii" and three gold trophies from "Mario Kart 7".
"Nintendo Power" listed the "Mario Kart" series as being one of the greatest multi-player experiences, citing the diversity in game modes as well as the entertainment value found.

Guinness World Records awarded the "Mario Kart" series with five world records in the "Guinness World Records: Gamer's Edition 2008", including "First Console Kart Racing Game" and "Best Selling Handheld Racing Game." Guinness World Records ranked the original "Super Mario Kart" number 1 on the list of top 50 console games of all time based on initial impact and lasting legacy.


City Loop

The Melbourne City Loop is where Melbourne, Victoria's railway lines meet. Most of the stations are under the ground. The stations in the loop are Flinders Street Station, Southern Cross Station, Parliament, Melbourne Central and Flagstaff.

Percy Bysshe Shelley

Percy Bysshe Shelley (4 August 1792 – 8 July 1822) was an English poet of the early nineteenth century. He is widely thought of as one of most important poets of the Romantic movement in English literature. Some of his poems, like "Ozymandias" and "Ode to the West Wind", are among the most famous in English.

Shelley was born in Horsham, Sussex. He was the son of a member of Parliament. He attended the University of Oxford, for only one year; he was expelled for being an atheist. In his own time Shelley was very unpopular for his political and religious views and for his personal conduct. He married young, but left his wife to run away with Mary Godwin. After Shelley's first wife committed suicide, Shelley married Mary Godwin; she later became famous as Mary Shelley, the author of the novel "Frankenstein". 

Shelley left England and spent much of his life travelling in Europe, especially in Italy. He became a close friend of poet Lord Byron, who also left England and travelled in Europe because of sexual controversy at home. Shelley continued to write poetry throughout this time; he wrote several major works, like the verse drama "The Cenci" and long poems like "Alastor" and "Adonais", as well as many shorter poems.

About a month before his 30th birthday, Shelley drowned in a boating accident off the coast of Italy. He was one of three important English Romantic poets of the same generation who died young; the other two were Lord Byron and John Keats.

Romani language

Romani or Romany (native name: "") is the language of the Roma. The Indo-Aryan Romani language should not be confused with either Romanian (spoken by Romanians), or Romansh (spoken in parts of southeastern Switzerland), both of which are Romance languages.

The language developed outside from India, in Roman province Egypt, by Indian traders from different areas of India, who settled at the red sea coast in Egypt. It is based by Sanskrit and Prakrit, but strongly influenced by Ancient Greek, and Persian language, Old Church Slavonic, some words from the Coptic language, like rōmi "man".Loanwords from other languages in Romani make it possible to trace the pattern of their migration westwards. There are many different dialects.

The following table shows the distribution of Romani speakers in Europe according to Bakker et al. (2000) . The last column shows the percentage of Romani speakers in the Roma population in each country. 


Fudge

Fudge is a kind of candy which is made by mixing sugar, butter, and milk. It is heated up to 240 degrees Fahrenheit (116 degrees Celsius) and beaten until it becomes smooth.

Many things can be added to fudge, like fruits, nuts, chocolate, and caramel.

It can be bought in many gift shops in places where there are a lot of tourists.


Romani

Romani may refer to:

Sinti

Sinti (Singular masc.=Sinto; sing. fem.=Sintisa) is the name of some communities of the nomadic people usually called "Gypsies" in English. This includes communities known in German and Dutch as "Zigeuner" and in Italian as "Zingari". They are related to the Roma people.

While the Sinti were, until quite recently, chiefly nomadic, today only a small percentage of the group remains unsettled. In earlier times, they frequently lived on the outskirts of communities.

Sinti's believe there Ancestors left Sindh arround 711–714 AD, about the Umayyad muslim Conquest of Sindh, by Muhammad bin Qasim al-Thaqafi. Sinti's languages is called Sintitikes.

The Sinti arrived in Germany and Austria in the Middle Ages, eventually splitting into two groups: "Eftavagarja" ("the Seven Caravans") and "Estraxarja" ("from Austria"). These two groups then expanded, the Eftavagarja into France, where they called locally as (Manouches), Spain and Portugal where they called Gitanos, Calo or Ciganos, and the Estraxarja into Italy and Slovenia, eventually taking various regional names.


Strapping Young Lad

Strapping Young Lad was a metal band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. They played extreme metal. These people played in the band: Devin Townsend (guitar, vocals), Jed Simon (guitar, vocals), Byron Stoud (bass, vocals), Gene Hoglan (drums). The band went on an extended break and disbanded in 2007.



Rock climbing

Rock climbing is a sport where someone uses their hands and feet to climb up a rock or an artificial climbing wall. Rock climbing is a very difficult sport because you need to have a lot of strength. Rock climbers must know how to use ropes, carabiners and harnesses for their own safety.

Because of many different kinds of rocks around the world, many different kinds of climbing started.


Doug Henning

Douglas James Henning (May 3, 1947 – February 7, 2000) was a Canadian magician, illusionist and escape artist. He was born in Winnipeg. He helped make magic shows more popular in the 1970s.

Henning's approach to magic and performing was different from earlier magicians. While magicians usually performed in black formal wear, Henning wore colorful clothes. He also studied psychology in college, to know how the human mind works.

Henning is credited by many for the resurgence of the public's interest in magic, thanks to his breakthrough Broadway show, "The Magic Show," which opened in 1974 and ran for almost five years. This was followed by eight television specials on NBC (the first of which remains the most watched magic television special in history, with over fifty million viewers). In 1982, he appeared in another Broadway show, "Merlin", which ran for seven months. The magic in "Merlin" was met with accolades. However, critics did not like the show's book and music.

Henning was a spokesperson for Polaroid, TWA, Minolta and Chrysler.

He was a student of the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, and used transcendental meditation to help him focus and to relax. He tried to help the Maharishi open a theme park, called Vedaland. Henning also ran for public office in Canada, but lost the election. 

Henning died in 2000 of liver cancer in Los Angeles. Instead of normal medical treatments, he tried to cure himself through natural remedies and diet, but this did not work. After his death, Henning's widow kept the Vedaland campaign going.

Rancid (band)

Rancid are an influential ska-punk band formed in 1991 in Albany, California by Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman.


Rancid was formed in 1991 out of the ashes of out of the seminal ska punk band Operation Ivy, which had broken up two years earlier. Following Operation Ivy's breakup, Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman decided to form a new band and started a hardcore punk group called Generator, which quickly broke up. They also started two other ska influenced bands, Downfall and Dance Hall Crashers, but moved on quickly from both. In 1991, after Armstrong and Freeman recruited drummer Brett Reed, Rancid officially became Rancid.

Rancid's first official recorded release was a 1992 self-titled EP, which is currently out of print, for Operation Ivy's old label Lookout! Records. Also during 1992, shortly after releasing this, Rancid were signed to Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz's label, Epitaph Records, and finally released their first album in 1993, which is also self-titled. Prior to its release, the band was looking for a second guitarist and Armstrong asked former UK Subs guitarist Lars Frederiksen to be Rancid's second guitarist, but he immediately turned down the request. However, after Billie Joe Armstrong (who was in Green Day at the time) declined, Frederiksen changed his mind and decided to join Rancid.

Frederiksen was present on Rancid's second album, "Let's Go", which was released in 1994 and spawned the radio hit "Salvation". That year their label-mates, The Offspring, experienced a huge success with their album "Smash". The Offspring took Rancid on tour with them, and helped "Let's Go" make it to #97 on Billboard's Heatseekers and Billboard 200 charts, respectively. With the success of the album Rancid were pursued by several major labels, including Madonna's Maverick Records, but the band eventually turned down the idea of signing to a different label and decided to just stay on Epitaph.

Rancid's popularity grew in 1995 with their third album, "...And Out Come the Wolves", which quickly surpassed "Let's Go" in terms of success. The critically-acclaimed album, also the band's most successful, produced three singles, "Roots Radicals", "Time Bomb", and "Ruby Soho", which all charted on the North American Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, and the band performed two of these songs on "Saturday Night Live". "...And Out Come the Wolves" was certified gold by the RIAA on January 22, 1996. It was also certified platinum on September 23, 2004.

Since the release of "...And Out Come the Wolves", Rancid would became one of the most important punk bands of the 1990s, along with ALL, Bad Religion, Face to Face, Green Day, Guttermouth, Lagwagon, NOFX, The Offspring, Pennywise, Social Distortion (the latter of which Freeman would eventually join and later leave), The Vandals, and many others.



Glen Canyon Dam

Glen Canyon Dam is a large dam on the Colorado River. It is in Page, Arizona. The dam is 583 feet high and it is 1,560 feet wide. It creates Lake Powell which is 186 miles long. The purpose of the dam is to create electricity and to prevent floods. The reservoir can store 27 million acre-feet of water (which is the amount of water that can cover one acre to 1 foot deep). Construction of the dam began in 1956. It was able to begin storing the flow of the river in 1963.


Superunknown

Superunknown is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Soundgarden. The album was released in 1994. The album is well known thanks to singles like "Black Hole Sun", "Spoonman" and "Fell on Black Days".


Badmotorfinger

Badmotorfinger is the third studio album by the American rock band Soundgarden. It is one of Soundgarden's best-selling albums. The album was released on October 8, 1991.


"Satanoscillatemymetallicsonatas" was a bonus CD included with some editions of "Badmotorfinger" (like how "Songs from the Superunknown" was included with "Superunknown"). The title is a palindrome ("Satan, oscillate my metallic sonatas.")


Bernoulli's principle

Bernoulli's principle is an idea of fluid dynamics. It says that as speed of the fluid increases, pressure decreases. The photo on the right shows this happening. The air in the wide part of the tube has a higher static pressure than the thin part. For a steady flow, the amount of fluid entering the pipe must equal the amount leaving the pipe, so the fluid speed in the thin part must increase. 

When a force acts over an area, it is called "pressure". A higher pressure pushes (accelerates) fluid toward lower pressure. So any change in a fluid's speed must be matched by a change in pressure (force). Bernoulli saw that while the fluid moved more quickly in the smaller part of the tube, the pressure became less. Please note that this refers to changes in speed and pressure along a single path of flow and does not apply to two different flows at different speeds.

The full version of Bernoulli's principle includes both the work by the pressure and by the changes in potential energy from changes in height. In this form, the principle says the total of the pressure, kinetic energy, and potential energy is a constant. (Bernoulli does not consider viscosity or compressibility.)

Book of Proverbs

The Book of Proverbs is a book in both the Tanakh (Judaism), and the Old Testament (Christianity). The book contains some important teaching and instructions in each of these respective Religions. While some verses teach duty to God, many can be seen as good advice. Even nonreligious persons may find this advice to be useful. 

Most scholars believe that Solomon was the writer of at least part of the book. Other authors are mentioned as well, but these references are missing in the Greek Septuagint. The Septuagint sees King Solomon as the author of the whole Book of Proverbs. In the Middle Ages, scholars thought the Vulgate was a more faithful rendering of 30:1 and 31:1. In their eyes the words "Agur" and "Lamuel" were only other names for Solomon.
Dates for the writing of the book are unclear. Because of suggested authorship of Solomon, and the workings of Hezekiah's men, there are some dates that can be worked with. However, there are not enough to give specific timing to the completion of the book, though it could have been as late as third century BC

The first part of the book (Chapters 1-10) is mainly praise for Wisdom. Wisdom is personified as a woman. This does not mean that an actual person is spoken of. Christians believe that Jesus is the person who most shows the wisdom of God. (Colossians 2:3). Some of the attributes of Jesus are said to be found in the "Wisdom" of the Book of Proverbs. This first section also advises young men not to go to prostitutes. 

The center part of the book (Chapters 10-29) contains many "stand alone" verses. These are in the form of Hebrew Poetry. Each verse has two parts. The second part may give the opposite side of some advice, such as "Hard workers get rich, lazy people become poor". In other cases the two halves repeat the same idea again, but in different words. 

The final chapter is a famous poem of praise to "a virtuous woman". This chapter was from "King Lemuel", but was taught him by his mother. It is one of the few parts of the Bible which has a female author.


Welwitschia

Welwitschia or "Welwitschia mirabilis" is known as one of the oldest living plants. It can be called a "living fossil". The plant is mainly found in the deserts of Namibia. Some of these plants may be more than 5000 years old. This would make them the oldest living things on Earth.

It is named after the discoverer, Dr. Friedrich Welwitsch. The plant is locally called "long haired thing". Its structure consists of a short, woody, top-shaped stem, and never more than two leaves, which are enormously long, (two or three metres) and break up at the ends.

Petasites

Petasites is a genus of herbs with leaves in the shape of a heart in the family Asteraceae. The common English name of petasites is "Butterbur". Plants of this genus grow near rivers and other water places in Europe, Asia and North America.
In general, the leaves are very big. Its root is very long and grows very quickly. Flowers are white, yellow, white-yellow or white-red, they are small and in a great number.

Butterbur is used in medical purposes, but there is a poison in all parts of the plant.

Some species of Butterbur are cultivated as a garden plant.

Death Angel

Death Angel is a thrash metal band from Concord, California. They played from 1982 to 1991. In 2001 they started to play again. All of their members are from the Philippines. The members are: Mark Osegueda (vocals) Rob Cavestany (guitar, vocals), Ted Aguilar (guitar), Andy Galeon (drums), Dennis Pepa (bass, vocals)


Arch Enemy

Arch Enemy is a death metal band from Sweden. They started in 1996. The members are: Alissa White-Gluz (vocals), Michael Amott (guitar, vocals), Jeff Loomis (guitar), Sharlee D'Angelo, (bass) Daniel Erlandsson (drums).




Trivium

Trivium may mean:


Living fossil

Living fossil refers to life forms which have survived with little change for a long time, and which are still around today. 








Living fossils are not identical to their ancestors, of course. But they lived in the same or similar environments, and their adaptations suggest that their life-style was the same, or very similar.

Caliban (band)

Caliban is a metal band from Hattingen, Germany. They started in 1997. They play "metalcore" which is mixture of Hardcore and Heavy metal. The members are: Andreas Dörner (vocals), Denis Schmidt (guitar, vocals), Marc Görtz (guitar), Marco Schaller (bass, vocals) and Patrick Grün (drums).



NetBSD

NetBSD is an open source version of the Unix-derivative BSD computer operating system.

NetBSD is known for being very portable (able to work with a many kinds of computers), such as a small ARM or big amd64 Opteron computers. It is also seen as being fast (does things quickly), secure (hard for people to do bad things to) and stable (does not break often).

When people use NetBSD, like most software, they must agree to a license. The BSD license, which NetBSD uses, allows everyone to use, change, give away or sell NetBSD, as long as they do not take away the copyright notice and license text. This means people can make new things from NetBSD without having to give people the source code (information for the computer to make the program run).



Soilwork

Soilwork is a melodic death metal band from Helsingborg, Sweden. They started in 1996. They have made 7 albums until now. The members are: Bjørn „Speed“ Strid (vocals), Daniel Antonsson (guitar), Ola Flink, (bass), Dirk Verbeuren (drums) and Sven Karlsson (Keyboard).

Lamb of God

Lamb of God is an American metal band from Richmond, Virginia. They started in 1990. They play a style called groove metal with death metal influences. This style is similar to thrash metal but has more rhythm. Their music is very similar to Pantera's music. The members are Randy Blythe (vocals), Mark Morton (guitar), Willie Adler (guitar), John Campbell (bass) and Chris Adler (drums).



Carabiner

A carabiner is a metal loop, which can be opened on one side. This side is called a gate. The other side is called spine. Carabiners are often used for rock climbing, sailing and canoeing. They also are used for construction of high buildings or window cleaning. The word comes from the German word ""Karabinerhaken"", which means "hook for a carbine". 

Climbing carabiners are very strong. Many can hold loads greater than 20 kN. When belaying a climber, using a belay device (such as a Grigri or an ATC), a carabiner with a locking feature must be used to prevent the carabiner from opening accidentally.


The last two types exist with and without locking devices. HMS carabiners usually are not produced without locking device. Non-locking-carabiners are often used in quickdraws.

Cyclamen

Cyclamen is a genus of 20 species of flowering plants. It is in the Myrsinaceae family. The genus is most widely known by its scientific name Cyclamen. It may also be called Persian violet (it is not related to the violets), or primrose (neither is it a primrose). This is because Cyclamen has been part of the Primulaceae families. 

Cyclamen come from the Mediterranean, from Spain to Iran. They are also found from northeast Africa to Somalia. They are perennial herbaceous aestivating plants, with a surface or underground tuber (derived from the hypocotyl) 4-12 cm diameter, which produces leaves in late winter, and flowers in the autumn; the leaves die down during the hottest part of the Mediterranean summer drought to save water. Each leaf or flower grows on its own stem, which shoots up from the hypocotyl. The variegation is thought by some botanists to be a form of natural disruptive camouflage to reduce grazing damage by animals. 

The hypocotyl grows leaves and flowers on stems, either one flower or one leaf per stem. The stem for leaves and flowers appears identical except in height. The leaves grow on stems of around 6 cm height.
Here are the species of this genus:


Bambi (character)

Bambi is the main character in the story of destiny "Bambi" and Felix Salten's book "Bambi, A Life in the Woods". He is a European Roe Deer. Bambi is also the main character in the Disney movies based on both the story of destiny and novel: "Bambi","Bambi II" And "". In the movies, Bambi was an American white-tailed deer.

Grigri

A Grigri is a securing device for rock climbing. Unlike many other securing devices, a Grigri is half-automatic. It works like a seat belt in a car. The rope can be slowly pulled through, but if there is lot of weight on the rope the Grigri locks the rope. "Grigri" is a trademark of the company Petzl, but because it was the first half-automatic securing device, many people call devices of other companies also Grigri.

Jacmel

Jacmel (Kréyòl: "Jakmèl") is a city in southeast Haiti, on the Caribbean coast, at the mouth of the river "Grande Rivière de Jacmel". It is the capital city of the Sud-Est "Département".

The city is in the "Baie de Jacmel" ("Jacmel Bay") about 86 km south of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince. It is also the chief town of an "arrondissement" (a part of a department) with the same name. The "arrondissement" has four "communes" (a "commune" is like a municipality): Jacmel, Cayes-Jacmel, La Vallée and Marigot.

"Jacci" was the Taíno name for the region where is located Jacmel. It was changed to the Spanish word "Yáquimo" (sometimes written as "Jáquimo") and then to the French word Jacmel.

Christopher Columbus gave the name "Puerto de Brasil" ("Brazil port") to the place where Jacmel is now because there were many trees called "Brasil" (English: Brazilwood) in the region that were cut and sent to Spain; the tree has a yellow substance (and wood) that was used to give that color to hair, cloths and other objects.

In 1504, Nicolás de Ovando, Spanish governor of the Hispaniola, founded the town of "Villanueva de Yáquimo" (or "Villanova de Yáquimo"). But people left the town and French people came to live here; in 1698, the new town of Jacmel was founded.

There are many beautiful old houses in Jacmel, from the 1880s. Since 2004, the 'Festival Film Jakmèl' is celebrated in Jacmel and, since 2007, the international music festival 'Festival Mizik Jakmèl'.

Many visitors come to Jacmel for its carnival, the "Bassins Bleu" waterfalls, and the white sand beaches near the city.


Jacmel has sister relationships with:


Honda S2000

The Honda S2000 was a rear wheel drive roadster created by the car company Honda. The concept version of the S2000 was know as SSM and it was first shown in the Toyoko Motor Show in 2005. It was first on sale in April 1999. It was the successor (new model) of the S800. Production of the Honda S2000 ended in 2009.

AP1
The S2000 was introduced in 1999 as a 2000 model.

AP2
In 2004, the new S2000 was introduced.

Caliban

Caliban can mean:

