U.S. 1st Infantry Division

The 1st Infantry Division of the United States Army—nicknamed the "Big Red One" after its shoulder patch—is the oldest division. Since the Division was made, it has served in almost all wars the American Army has been in. The division's official motto is "Duty First". Their unofficial motto is "No Mission Too Difficult, No Sacrifice Too Great".


Charles Manson

Charles Milles Manson (né Maddox; November 12, 1934 – November 19, 2017) was an American criminal and leader of a California cult which murdered several people in the late 1960s and early 1970s. His cult, of young women and men, was known as "The Family."

He planned and ordered the Family to commit several brutal murders. Most known is the murder by his followers on August 8, 1969 of Sharon Tate. She was expecting a baby, already 7 / 8 months. The same night they also murdered Steven Parent, a friend of the groundskeeper at the house; Jay Sebring, a hair stylist; Abigail Folger, an heiress and social worker; and Wojciech Frykowski, a Polish writer and actor. The next night, Manson and some of his followers murdered Leno La Bianca, a grocery store owner and his wife Rosemary. Manson and his followers were arrested for stealing cars, but soon it was found out that they were the ones who committed the murders.

Manson was in jail for life in California. He and four Family members were sentenced to death, but the death penalty was abolished in California shortly after that. Because of his violent, murderous, anti-social behavior and unstable mental state, he was refused parole in 2012 for the 12th time. He was 77 years old at the time. His next hearing had been set for 2027.

Manson released an album titled . It featured Manson's music. All profits of the 2006 revived ESP-Disk label version go to the family of Wojciech Frykowski. Allmusic rated the album 4 out of 5 stars.

Manson was a convicted criminal long before the infamous murders. When he was released for the second time, on March 21, 1967, he had spent more than half of his 32 years in prisons and other institutions. He told the authorities that prison had become his home and he asked to stay. This fact was disclosed in a 1981 television interview.

On his release day, Manson was allowed to move to San Francisco. With the help of a prison friend he moved into an apartment in Berkeley. While in prison, a bank robber taught him to play the steel guitar. He was living mostly by panhandling, he soon met Mary Brunner, a 23-year-old graduate of the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Brunner was working as a library assistant at University of California, Berkeley, and Manson moved in with her. Someone said in a secondhand report that he managed to talk her into allowing other women to live with them, even though she was against it. Before long, they were sharing Brunner's home with 18 other women.

Manson set himself up as a guru in San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury. During 1967's "Summer of Love," it was becoming the most popular place for hippies to live and hang out. Preaching a philosophy that included some of the Scientology he had studied in prison, he soon had his first group of young followers, most of them female. When Manson was put in prison in July 1961 at the U.S. penitentiary in McNeil Island, Washington, he put "Scientologist" as his religion on a questionnaire.

Before the summer ended, Manson and eight or nine of his followers began to travel around in an old school bus. They went as far north as Washington state, then south through Los Angeles, Mexico, and the southwest. Returning to the Los Angeles area, they lived in Topanga Canyon, Malibu, and Venice—western parts of the city and county.

In the late spring of 1968, in some reports of the events, Dennis Wilson, of the Beach Boys, picked up two hitchhiking Manson followers. They were Patricia Krenwinkel and Ella Jo Bailey. Wilson brought them to his house in a rich neighborhood of Los Angeles for a few hours. After an all-night recording session, he came home in the early hours of the next morning. Wilson was greeted in his driveway by Manson, who came out of the house. Feeling afraid, Wilson asked the stranger if he was going to hurt him. Saying no, Manson then began to kiss Wilson's feet.

Inside his house, Wilson found 12 strangers (mostly women) who had moved in. Over the next few months, the number of members moving in continued to grow. The Family members who had made themselves part of Wilson's Sunset Boulevard household cost him about $100,000. This included a large doctor's bill for treatment of their gonorrhea and $21,000 for wrecking his uninsured car, which they had borrowed. Wilson spent a lot of time singing and talking with Manson, whose women were treated like domestic workers.

Wilson paid for recording studio time to work on songs written and performed by Manson. He also introduced Manson to friends of his in the entertainment business. One was Terry Melcher (the son of Doris Day), who was also a musician and record producer. Gregg Jakobson, another friend, also paid to record Manson material. He later wrote about this experience with Manson for "Rolling Stone" magazine. He used a fake name of "Lance Fairweather" for the article.

In his book "Manson in His Own Words", Manson says he first met Wilson at a friend's San Francisco house, where Manson had gone to buy cannabis. The drummer then gave Manson his Sunset Boulevard address and invited him to stop by when he would be in Los Angeles.

In August 1968, Manson established a base for the group at Spahn's Movie Ranch, not far from Topanga Canyon, after Wilson's manager told the Family to move out of Wilson's home. The entire Family then relocated to the ranch.

Family members did helpful work around the grounds. Also, Manson ordered the Family's women (including Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme) to have sex occasionally with the nearly blind, 80-year-old owner George Spahn. The women also acted as seeing-eye guides for Spahn. In exchange, Spahn allowed Manson and his group to live at the ranch for free.

In the first days of November 1968, Manson established the Family at alternative headquarters near Death Valley, where they occupied two unused or little-used ranches.

While back at Spahn Ranch, no later than December, Manson and Watson visited a Topanga Canyon acquaintance who played them the Beatles' "White Album", then recently released. Manson was obsessed with the group. At McNeil, he had told fellow inmates, including Alvin Karpis, that he could surpass the group in fame; to the Family, he spoke of the group as "the soul" and "part of 'the hole in the infinite'. "

For some time, he had been saying that racial tension between blacks and whites was growing and that blacks would soon rise up in rebellion in America's cities. He had emphasized Martin Luther King, Jr.'s assassination, which had taken place on April 4, 1968. On a bitterly cold New Year's Eve at Myers Ranch, the Family members, gathered outside around a large fire, listened as Manson explained that the social turmoil he had been predicting had also been predicted by the Beatles. The "White Album" songs, he declared, told it all, though in code. In fact, he said the album was directed at the Family itself, an elect group that was being instructed to preserve the worthy from the impending disaster.

In early January 1969, the Family escaped the desert's cold and positioned itself to monitor Los Angeles' supposed racial tension by moving to a canary-yellow home in Canoga Park, not far from the Spahn Ranch. Because this would allow the group to remain "submerged beneath the awareness of the outside world", Manson called it the Yellow Submarine, another Beatles reference. There, Family members prepared for the impending apocalypse, which, around the campfire, Manson had termed "Helter Skelter," after the song of that name.

By February, Manson's vision was complete. The Family would create an album whose songs, as subtle as those of the Beatles, would trigger the predicted chaos. Ghastly murders of whites by blacks would be met with retaliation and a split between racist and non-racist whites would yield whites' self-annihilation. Blacks' triumph, as it were, would merely precede their being ruled by the Family, which would ride out the conflict in "the bottomless pit"—a secret city beneath Death Valley.
At the Canoga Park house, while Family members worked on vehicles and pored over maps to prepare for their desert escape, they also worked on songs for their world-changing album.

A total of eight people are known to have been killed by the Manson Family and two other killings are suspected.

On July 25, 1969, Manson sent Bobby Beausoleil, Mary Brunner, and Susan Atkins to the house of acquaintance Gary Hinman to persuade him to turn over money Manson thought Hinman had inherited. The three held the uncooperative Hinman hostage for two days, during which Manson showed up with a sword to slash his ear. After that, Beausoleil stabbed Hinman to death, probably on Manson's instruction. Before leaving the Topanga Canyon residence, one of them used Hinman's blood to write "Political piggy" on the wall and to draw a panther paw, a Black Panther symbol.

On the night of August 8, Manson directed Charles Watson to take Susan Atkins, Linda Kasabian, and Patricia Krenwinkel to "that house where Melcher used to live" and "totally destroy everyone in [it], as gruesome as you can." He told the women to do as Watson would instruct them. Unknown to Manson, the tenants were now Sharon Tate and Roman Polanski. Polanski was in Europe at the time and Tate was at home with three other people. They were all killed, as was a delivery boy who turned up at an inopportune moment.

This event was the murder of a supermarket owner and his wife. On this occasion, Manson himself took charge of the murders and six Family members accompanied him. As with the other killings, there was no particular reason for the crime and the victims were unknown to the Family other than Manson.

On January 1, 2017, Manson was taken from Cochran State Prison to Mercy Hospital in downtown Bakersfield. He was suffering from gastrointestinal bleeding. The "Los Angeles Times" reported that Manson was seriously ill. Some reports suggest Manson was too weak for surgery. He was returned to prison by January 6. There was no report about whether he received any treatment.

On November 15, 2017, it was confirmed that Manson had returned to a hospital in Bakersfield. Four days later, he died at the hospital of natural causes and cardiopulmonary arrest complicated by colorectal cancer at the age of 83. It is currently unknown what fate his body will have.



Herring

A herring is a small teleost fish of the genus "Clupea". Best-known of this family is probably the Atlantic herring. There are 15 different species of herring. When herrings migrate in the water they usually do this in large numbers; this is then called a "school" of herring. Like other fish, they do this for protection: see shoaling and schooling. 

Herrings can be eaten. They are often smoked or pickled. 

A red herring is used to describe a plot device in mystery fiction that leads the reader to a wrong solution.

Ray

The rays, or batoids, are a group of cartilaginous fish containing more than 500 described species in thirteen families. They include four orders.

Rays are mostly flattened in shape, and usually demersal, living and eating at the bottom of the sea. The group first appears in the Triassic period, after 95% of marine species had been wiped out by the P/Tr extinction event.


Rays look like bats in the water, and this is probably why they are called batoids. They have pectoral fins that are attached to their bodies from back to front, similar to the way a bat's wings attach from its shoulder to its feet.

The fins of the ray create a disk shape that can be round, triangular, or diamond-shaped. Rays use their pectoral fins to 'fly' through the water. Though a bony fish takes in water with its mouth, rays do not because they live at the bottom of the ocean. If they took in water through their mouths, they would probably just get a mouthful of sand. Because of this, they have breathing holes on top of their bodies called "spiracles". Rays use spiracles to take in water that is then sent over the gills.

Also, because they do not have a swim bladder, rays sink when they are not actively swimming.

Interestingly, rays are usually curious and social animals. Though they often live alone, they like swimming together in groups with other rays. Despite the fact that they are able to swim, most rays live at the bottom of the sea, eating benthic animals. In fact, they often flick sand on their backs to camouflage (disguise, or hide) themselves as they lie in the sand at the bottom of the ocean.

Tuna

Tuna, sometimes called tuna fish, are several species (kinds) of fish. They are in the family Scombridae, mostly in the genus Thunnus.

Tuna are fast swimmers. People have seen tuna swim at up to 77 km/h. Several species of tuna are warm-blooded. Most species of fish have white flesh. The flesh of the tuna is different. It is pink to dark red. This is because tuna muscle tissue contains greater quantities of myoglobin. Myoglobin is a molecule that binds oxygen. Some of the larger tuna species such as the Northern bluefin tuna can raise their blood temperature above the water temperature with muscular activity. This enables them to live in cooler waters and survive a wider range of circumstances.

Tuna is an important commercial fish. Some varieties of tuna, such as the bluefin and bigeye tuna are threatened by overfishing, dramatically affecting tuna populations in the Atlantic and northwestern Pacific Oceans. Other populations seem to support fairly healthy fisheries (for example, the central and western Pacific skipjack tuna), but there is mounting evidence that overfishing threatens tuna fisheries worldwide.

Some fishermen in Australia now grow Southern bluefin tuna in fish farms. Fish farms are areas of water with nets around them, where farmers raise (keep and grow animals) fish. Some tuna farms are circular nets 40 meters in diameter and 20 meters deep. The fishermen catch the tuna at sea, and then they keep the tuna in these farms. The tuna grow and get fatter for three to six months. There are also tuna farms in the Mediterranean, North America, and Japan that raise Northern bluefin tuna. Some environmental groups say that tuna farms use too much fish as food for the tuna, and that the farms pollute the water (make the water dirty).

Tuna are high up in the food chain. They eat animals that ate animals. Their diet leads to the accumulation of heavy metals in their flesh. Mercury levels can be relatively high in some of the larger species of tuna such as bluefin and albacore. As a result, in March 2004 the United States FDA issued guidelines recommending pregnant women, nursing mothers, and children to limit their intake of tuna and other types of predatory fish . However, most canned light tuna is skipjack tuna and is very low in mercury.

Sport fishermen like to catch tuna using rods and hooks.

There are eight species:

Species of several other genera (all in the family Scombridae) have common names containing "tuna":

Fishing hook

A fishing hook is a hook used to catch fish. There are many types of fishing hooks. Most have a sharp point which sticks into the fish when it is caught. There are lots of types of fishing hooks, and they all depend on how powerful they can hold the line and the size. Many hooks have different sizes for different fish.

Fishing rod

A fishing rod is a tool used for catching fish. The rod is often used to cast a fishing hook to where the fish are. The hook has bait on it, sometimes an artificial bait. There is usually some way to make the line longer or shorter, and the pole it is can bend a little.

This is called angling and it is how people catch fish for fun or sport. Commercial fishing is usually done using fishing nets.
Modern fishing rods are designed to be lightweight, durable, and flexible. They are made of materials like graphite, fiberglass, and bamboo. Graphite rods are light and great for long and accurate casts. Fiberglass rods are heavier but more affordable and durable, making them suitable for rugged conditions. Bamboo rods have a unique feel but are heavier. The handles are usually cork, and the guides can be made of steel or titanium. Some rods have back- or butt-rests for better control when fighting large fish. Overall, modern fishing rods prioritize lightness, durability, and performance.

Mammalia (taxonomy)

Mammalia is a class of animal in the phylum Chordata. What it means to be a mammal has changed many times since Carl Linnaeus first defined the class. No system is accepted by everyone. McKenna & Bell (1997) and Wilson & Reader (2005) give useful recent compendiums. Many earlier ideas from Linnaeus and others are no longer used by modern taxonomists. Among these are the idea that bats are related to birds or that humans are a group outside of other living things. The field has had a recent surge in interest and modification due to the results of molecular phylogenetics.

"Class:" Mammalia: 

Nottuln

Nottuln is a town in Coesfeld county, 20 km west of Münster, Germany.

It consists of

A church was founded in 860 by Ludger Liudger, as well as the first monastery in Westphalia.
After a big fire 1748 it was built up by Johann Conrad Schlaun.
The county of Nottuln is at the A43 and a railway.

Coesfeld

Coesfeld is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany and the capital of Coesfeld county.

Nepomucenum and St.-Pius-Gymnasium are highschools in Coesfeld.

Coesfeld was founded by the holy Ludgerus. Coesfeld has been a town since 1197.

Big villages in county Coesfeld:

St.-Pius-Gymnasium

St.-Pius-Gymnasium is a catholic private highschool in Coesfeld near Münster in Germany. It is held by the diocese of Münster and named after Pope Pius X. . Until 1976 the school was a boarding school only for boys. Since then it has been a "Gymnasium". Today, there are 791 pupils.

There is a statue of Pius X on the school ground to express solidarity with the patron. The school has a chapel and a pastor. There is a modern, well-equipped assembly hall, too.

St.-Pius-Gymnasium is associated with the Lyceé Notre-Dame in Guingamp (France), offers trips to Poole (England) and tries to establish a partnership with a school in Orlando (Florida, USA). 

In Advent, the school publishes a yearbook named "Piusbrief". Its pupil magazine "Fünf vor Acht" got multiple honours. 

The whole school is a non-smoking area.

Cell membrane

The cell membrane is a thin flexible layer around the cells of all living things. It is sometimes called the plasma membrane or cytoplasmic membrane.

Its basic job is to separate the inside of cells from the outside.
In all cells, the cell membrane separates the cytoplasm inside the cell from its surroundings. Animal cells are contained in just a membrane. Bacteria, fungi and plants have strong cell walls as well, which support the cell and block the passage of large molecules.

The membrane is made up of a thin layer called the 'phospholipid bilayer'. This has two layers of phospholipid molecules with phosphate heads on the surfaces and lipid (oil) tails on the inside. The outside heads mix with water, but the tails reject water.

Other proteins and lipids can be added to the cell membrane. By these changes, the cell can adjust what it brings in or puts out. Some proteins are always stuck into it, these are called "integral" membrane proteins. It also has some which are only sometimes stuck onto it. These are called peripheral membrane proteins. The outer layer protecting the inner cell.

The membrane is selectively permeable. It is active and regulates (adjusts) what comes in and what goes out of the cell. The movement of substances across the membrane can be either "passive", occurring without the input of cellular energy, or "active", requiring energy.

Proteins within the membrane are key to its working. These proteins mainly transport chemicals and information across the membrane.

The membrane contains many proteins. The surface proteins can act as gates. They let some chemicals into the cell and let other chemicals leave the cell. It is estimated that up to a third of the human proteome may be membrane proteins. Some of these proteins are linked to the exterior of the cell membrane. An example of this is the CD59 protein, which identifies cells as “self” and thus inhibits their destruction by the immune system.

Morocco

Kingdom of Morocco, or simply known as Morocco (Arabic: المملكة المغربية‎‎ "al-Mamlakah al-Maghribiyah", lit. "The Western Kingdom"; Berber: ⵜⴰⴳⵍⴷⵉⵜ ⵏ ⵍⵎⴰⵖⵔⵉⴱ"Tageldit n Lmaɣrib"), is a sovereign country in the Maghreb region of North Africa. Geographically, Morocco is characterized by a rugged mountainous interior, large tracts of desert, and a lengthy coastline along the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.

Morocco has a population of over 37 million and an area of 710,850 km(274,460 sq mi). Its capital is Rabat, and the largest city is Casablanca. Other major cities include Laayoune, Marrakesh, Tangier, Tetouan, Salé, Fes, Agadir, Meknes, Oujda, Kenitra, and Nador. A historically prominent regional power, Morocco has a history of independence not shared by its neighbours. Since the foundation of the first Moroccan state by Idris I in 789, the country has been ruled by a series of independent dynasties, reaching its zenith under the Almoravid and Almohad dynasty, spanning parts of Iberia and Northwestern Africa. Marinid and Saadi dynasties continued the struggle against foreign domination, and Morocco remained the only North African country to avoid Ottoman occupation. The Alaouite dynasty, the current ruling dynasty, seized power in 1666. In 1912 Morocco was divided into French and Spanish protectorates, with an international zone in Tangier, and regained its independence in 1956. Moroccan culture is a blend of Arab, indigenous Berber, Sub-Saharan African, and European influences.

Morocco claims the non-self-governing territory of Western Sahara as its Southern Provinces. Morocco liberated the territory in 1975, leading to a guerrilla war with the Polisario Front until a cease-fire in 1991. Peace processes have thus far failed to break the political deadlock.

Morocco is a constitutional monarchy with an elected parliament. The King of Morocco holds vast executive and legislative powers, especially over the military, foreign policy and religious affairs. Executive power is exercised by the government, while legislative power is vested in both the government and the two chambers of parliament, the Assembly of Representatives and the Assembly of Councillors. The king can issue decrees called dahirs which have the force of law. He can also dissolve the parliament after consulting the Prime Minister and the president of the Constitutional court.

Morocco's predominant religion is Islam, and the official languages are Arabic and Tamazight. The Moroccan dialect, referred to as "Darija", and French are also widely spoken. Morocco is a member of the Arab League, the Union for the Mediterranean, and the African Union. It has the fifth largest economy of Africa.

The Berber Roman client King Ptolemy of Mauretania.

The area of present-day Morocco has been inhabited since Paleolithic times, sometime between 190,000 and 90,000 BC. During the Upper Paleolithic, the Maghreb was more fertile than it is today, resembling a savanna more than today's arid landscape. Twenty-two thousand years ago, the Aterian was succeeded by the Iberomaurusian culture, which shared similarities with Iberian cultures. Skeletal similarities have been suggested between the Iberomaurusian "Mechta-Afalou" burials and European Cro-Magnon remains. The Iberomaurusian was succeeded by the Beaker culture in Morocco.

Mitochondrial DNA studies have discovered a close link between Berbers and the Sámi of Scandinavia. This supports theories that the Franco-Cantabrian refuge area of southwestern Europe was the source of late-glacial expansions of hunter-gatherers who repopulated northern Europe after the last ice age.

North Africa and Morocco were slowly drawn into the wider emerging Mediterranean world by the Phoenicians, who established trading colonies and settlements in the early Classical period. Substantial Phoenician settlements were at Chellah, Lixus and Mogador.Mogador was a Phoenician colony as early as the early 6th century BC.

Ancient Roman ruins of Volubilis.

Morocco later became a realm of the North African civilisation of ancient Carthage as part of its empire. The earliest known independent Moroccan state was the Berber kingdom of Mauretania under king Baga. This ancient kingdom (not to be confused with the present state of Mauritania) dates at least to 225 BC.

Mauretania became a client kingdom of the Roman Empire in 33 BC. Emperor Claudius annexed Mauretania directly as a Roman province in 44 AD, under an imperial governor (either a"procurator Augusti", or a "legatus Augusti pro praetore").

During the crisis of the 3rd century, parts of Mauretania were reconquered by Berber tribes. Direct Roman rule became confined to a few coastal cities (such as Septum (Ceuta) in Mauretania Tingitana and Cherchell in Mauretania Caesariensis) by the late 3rd century.

The Muslim conquest of the Maghreb, that started in the middle of the 7th century, was achieved early into the following century. It brought both the Arabic language and Islam to the area. Although part of the larger Islamic Empire, Morocco was initially organized as a subsidiary province of Ifriqiya, with the local governors appointed by the Muslim governor in Kairouan.

The indigenous Berber tribes adopted Islam, but retained their customary laws. They also paid taxes and tribute to the new Muslim administration. The first independent Muslim state in the area of modern Morocco was the Kingdom of Nekor, an emirate in the Rif Mountains. It was founded by Salih I ibn Mansur in 710, as a client state to the Rashidun Caliphate. After the outbreak of the Berber Revolt in 739, the Berbers formed other independent states such as the Miknasa of Sijilmasa and the Barghawata.

According to medieval legend, Idris ibn Abdallah had fled to Morocco after the Abbasids massacre of his tribe in Iraq. He convinced the Awraba Berber tribes to break their allegiance to the distant Abbasid caliphs in Baghdad and he founded the Idrisid dynasty in 788. The Idrisids established Fes as their capital and Morocco became a centre of Muslim learning and a major regional power. The Idrissids were ousted in 927 by the Fatimid Caliphate and their Miknasa allies. After Miknasa broke off relations with the Fatimids in 932, they were removed from power by the Maghrawa of Sijilmasa in 980.

The Almohad realm at its greatest extent, c. 1212

From the 11th century onwards, a series of powerful Berber dynasties arose. Under the Almoravid dynasty  and the Almohad dynasty, Morocco dominated the Maghreb, much of present-day Spain and Portugal, and the western Mediterranean region. From the 13th century onwards the country saw a massive migration of Banu Hilal Arab tribes. In the 13th and 14th centuries the Merinids held power in Morocco and strove to replicate the successes of the Almohads by military campaigns in Algeria and Spain. They were followed by the Wattasids. In the 15th century, the Reconquista ended Muslim rule in central and southern Spain and many Muslims and Jews fled to Morocco.

Portuguese efforts to control the Atlantic sea trade in the 15th century did not greatly affect the interior of Morocco even though they managed to control some possessions on the Moroccan coast but not venturing further afield inland.

On another note and according to Elizabeth Allo Isichei, "In 1520, there was a famine in Morocco so terrible that for a long time other events were dated by it. It has been suggested that the population of Morocco fell from 5 to under 3 million between the early sixteenth and nineteenth centuries."

Morocco, Safi ceramic vessel Jobbana

Former Portuguese fortress of Mazagan in El Jadida

In 1549, the region fell to successive Arab dynasties claiming descent from the Islamic prophet, Muhammad: first the Saadi dynasty who ruled from 1549 to 1659, and then the Alaouite Dynasty, who remained in power since the 17th century.

Under the Saadi Dynasty, the country repulsed Ottoman incursions and a Portuguese invasion at the battle of Ksar el Kebir in 1578. The reign of Ahmad al-Mansur brought new wealth and prestige to the Sultanate, and a large expedition to West Africa inflicted a crushing defeat on the Songhay Empire in 1591. However, managing the territories across the Sahara proved too difficult. After the death of al-Mansur, the country was divided among his sons.

In 1666, Morocco was reunited by the Alaouite Dynasty, who have been the ruling house of Morocco ever since. Morocco was facing aggression from Spain and the Ottoman Empire allies pressing westward. The Alaouites succeeded in stabilizing their position, and while the kingdom was smaller than previous ones in the region, it remained quite wealthy. Against the opposition of local tribes Ismail Ibn Sharif (1672–1727) began to create a unified state. With his Jaysh d'Ahl al-Rif (the Riffian Army) he seized Tangier from the English in 1684 and drove the Spanish from Larache in 1689.

Morocco was the first nation to recognise the newly independent United States as an independent nation in 1777. In the beginning of the American Revolution, American merchant ships in the Atlantic Ocean were subject to attack by the Barbary pirates. On December 20 1777, Morocco's Sultan Mohammed III declared that American merchant ships would be under the protection of the sultanate and could thus enjoy safe passage. The Moroccan–American Treaty of Friendship, signed in 1786, stands as the U.S's oldest non-broken friendship treaty.

Death of Spanish general Margallo during the Melilla War. Le Petit Journal, November 13 1893.

Main articles: French Morocco and Spanish Protectorate in Morocco

As Europe industrialised, North Africa was increasingly prized for its potential for colonisation. France showed a strong interest in Morocco as early as 1830, not only to protect the border of its Algerian territory, but also because of the strategic position of Morocco on two oceans. In 1860, a dispute over Spain's Ceuta enclave led Spain to declare war. Victorious Spain won a further enclave and an enlarged Ceuta in the settlement. In 1884, Spain created a protectorate in the coastal areas of Morocco.

In 1904, France and Spain carved out zones of influence in Morocco. Recognition by the United Kingdom of France's sphere of influence provoked a strong reaction from the German Empire; and a crisis loomed in 1905. The matter was resolved at the Algeciras Conference in 1906. The Agadir Crisis of 1911 increased tensions between European powers. The 1912 Treaty of Fez made Morocco a protectorate of France, and triggered the 1912 Fez riots. Spain continued to operate its coastal protectorate. By the same treaty, Spain assumed the role of protecting power over the northern and southern Saharan zones.

Tens of thousands of colonists entered Morocco. Some bought up large amounts of the rich agricultural land, others organised the exploitation and modernisation of mines and harbours. Interest groups that formed among these elements continually pressured France to increase its control over Morocco a control which was also made necessary by the continuous wars among Moroccan tribes, part of which had taken sides with the French since the beginning of the conquest. Governor general, Marshall Hubert Lyautey, sincerely admired Moroccan culture and succeeded in imposing a joint Moroccan-French administration, while creating a modern school system. Several divisions of Moroccan soldiers (Goumiers or regular troops and officers) served in the French army in both World War I and World War II, and in the Spanish Nationalist Army in the Spanish Civil War and after ("Regulares"). The institution of slavery was abolished in 1925.

Tangier's population included 40,000 Muslims, 31,000 Europeans and 15,000 Jews.

Between 1921 and 1926, a Berber uprising in the Rif Mountains, led by Abd el-Krim, led to the establishment of the Republic of the Rif. The rebellion was eventually suppressed by French and Spanish troops.

In 1943, the Istiqlal Party (Independence Party) was founded to press for independence, with discreet US support. That party subsequently provided most of the leadership for the nationalist movement.

France's exile of Sultan Mohammed V in 1953 to Madagascar and his replacement by the unpopular Mohammed Ben Aarafa sparked active opposition to the French and Spanish protectorates. The most notable violence occurred in Oujda where Moroccans attacked French and other European residents in the streets. France allowed Mohammed V to return in 1955, and the negotiations that led to Moroccan independence began the following year. In March 1956 the French protectorate was ended and Morocco regained its independence from France as the "Kingdom of Morocco". A month later Spain ceded most of its protectorate in Northern Morocco to the new state but kept its two coastal enclaves (Ceuta and Melilla) on the Mediterranean coast. Sultan Mohammed became king in 1957.

The Mausoleum of Mohammed V in Rabat.

Upon the death of Mohammed V, Hassan II became King of Morocco on 3 March 1961. Morocco held its first general elections in 1963. However, Hassan declared a state of emergency and suspended parliament in 1965. In 1971, there was a failed attempt to depose the king and establish a republic. A truth commission set up in 2005 to investigate human rights abuses during his reign confirmed nearly 10,000 cases, ranging from death in detention to forced exile. Some 592 people were recorded killed during Hassan's rule according to the truth commission.

The Spanish enclave of Ifni in the south was returned to Morocco in 1969. The Polisario movement was formed in 1973, with the aim of establishing an independent state in the Spanish Sahara. On 6 November 1975 King Hassan asked for volunteers to cross into the Spanish Sahara. Some 350,000 civilians were reported as being involved in the "Green March". A month later, Spain agreed to leave the Spanish Sahara, soon to become Western Sahara, and to transfer it to joint Moroccan-Mauritanian control, despite the objections and threats of military intervention by Algeria. Moroccan forces occupied the territory.

Moroccan and Algerian troops soon clashed in Western Sahara. Morocco and Mauritania divided up Western Sahara. Fighting between the Moroccan military and Polisario forces continued for many years. The prolonged war was a considerable financial drain on Morocco. In 1983, Hassan cancelled planned elections amid political unrest and economic crisis. In 1984, Morocco left the Organisation of African Unity in protest at the SADR's admission to the body. Polisario claimed to have killed more than 5,000 Moroccan soldiers between 1982 and 1985.

Algerian authorities have estimated the number of Sahrawi refugees in Algeria to be 165,000. Diplomatic relations with Algeria were restored in 1988. In 1991, a UN-monitored ceasefire began in Western Sahara, but the territory's status remains undecided and ceasefire violations are reported. The following decade saw much wrangling over a proposed referendum on the future of the territory but the deadlock was not broken.

Political reforms in the 1990s resulted in the establishment of a bicameral legislature in 1997 and Morocco's first opposition-led government came to power in 1998.

Protestors in Casablanca demand that authorities honor their promises of political reform.

King Hassan II died in 1999 and was succeeded by his son, Mohammed VI. He is a cautious moderniser who has introduced some economic and social liberalisation.

Mohammed VI paid a controversial visit to the Western Sahara in 2002. Morocco unveiled an autonomy blueprint for Western Sahara to the United Nations in 2007. The Polisario rejected the plan and put forward its own proposal. Morocco and the Polisario Front held UN-sponsored talks in New York but failed to come to any agreement. In 2010, security forces stormed a protest camp in the Western Sahara, triggering violent demonstrations in the regional capital El Aaiún.

In 2002, Morocco and Spain agreed to a US-brokered resolution over the disputed island of Perejil. Spanish troops had taken the normally uninhabited island after Moroccan soldiers landed on it and set up tents and a flag. There were renewed tensions in 2005 as hundreds of African migrants tried to storm the borders of the Spanish enclaves of Melilla and Ceuta. Morocco deported hundreds of the illegal migrants. In 2006 the Spanish Premier Zapatero visited Spanish enclaves. He was the first Spanish leader in 25 years to make an official visit to the territories. The following year, Spanish King Juan Carlos I visited Ceuta and Melilla, further angering Morocco which demanded control of the enclaves.

During the 2011–12 Moroccan protests, thousands of people rallied in Rabat and other cities calling for political reform and a new constitution curbing the powers of the king. In July 2011, the King won a landslide victory in a referendum on a reformed constitution he had proposed to placate the Arab Spring protests. Despite the reforms made by Mohamed VI demonstrators continued to call for deeper reforms. Hundreds took part in a trade union rally in Casablanca in May 2012. Participants accused the government of failing to deliver on reforms.

Morocco is a constitutional monarchy. The political powers are shared between the king Muhammad VI (the sixth) and the Head of the Government. The King is the head of state (Person in charge of the country) and the most important person.

The people of Morocco vote for Members of Parliament to speak for them and to help make laws for them. The Council of Ministers defines what must be done. He makes all the important decisions. Today, the Head of Government is Abdelilah Benkirane.

Legislative Branch

Since the constitutional reform of 1996, the bicameral legislature consists of two chambers. The Assembly of Representatives of Morocco ("Majlis an-Nuwwâb/Assemblée des Répresentants") has 325 members elected for a five-year term, 295 elected in multi-seat constituencies and 30 in national lists consisting only of women. The Assembly of Councillors ("Majlis al-Mustasharin") has 270 members, elected for a nine-year term, elected by local councils (162 seats), professional chambers (91 seats) and wage-earners (27 seats).

The Parliament's powers, though still relatively limited, were expanded under the 1992 and 1996 and even further in the 2011 constitutional revisions and include budgetary matters, approving bills, questioning ministers, and establishing ad hoc commissions of inquiry to investigate the government's actions. The lower chamber of Parliament may dissolve the government through a vote of no confidence.

The latest parliamentary elections were held on November 25, 2011, and were considered by some neutral observers to be mostly free and fair. Voter turnout in these elections was estimated to be 43% of registered voters.

Morocco is next to the countries of Algeria to its east and Mauritania to its south. The Mediterranean Sea lies to the north of Morocco, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west.

Morocco has a diverse geography from fertile plains, to forests, cold mountains, dry lands, and deserts. Most people live in areas close to the coast, or in fertile farms. Morocco has an area of 446,550 km². Morocco also controls most of the Western Sahara which is 266.000 km² big.Morocco has a coast by the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea. It is bordered by Spain to the north (a water border through the Strait and land borders with three small Spanish-controlled exclaves, Ceuta, Melilla, and Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera), Algeria to the east, and Mauritania to the south. Since Morocco controls most of Western Sahara, its "de facto" southern boundary is with Mauritania.

The internationally recognised borders of the country lie between latitudes 27° and 36°N, and longitudes 1° and 14°W. Adding the Moroccan Sahara, Morocco lies mostly between 21° and 36°N, and 1° and 17°W (the Ras Nouadhibou peninsula is slightly south of 21° and west of 17°).

The geography of Morocco spans from the Atlantic Ocean, to mountainous areas, to the Sahara desert. Morocco is a Northern African country, bordering the North Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea, between Algeria and Mauritania. It is one of only three nations (along with Spain and France) to have both Atlantic and Mediterranean coastlines.

A large part of Morocco is mountainous. The Atlas Mountains are located mainly in the centre and the south of the country. The Rif Mountains are in the north of the country. Both ranges are mainly inhabited by the Berber people. At 446,550 km(172,414 sq mi), Morocco is the fifty-seventh largest country in the world (after Uzbekistan). Algeria borders Morocco to the east and southeast, though the border between the two countries has been closed since 1994.

Spanish territory in North Africa neighbouring Morocco comprises five enclaves on the Mediterranean coast: Ceuta, Melilla, Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera, Peñón de Alhucemas, the Chafarinas islands, and the disputed islet Perejil. Off the Atlantic coast the Canary Islands belong to Spain, whereas Madeira to the north is Portuguese. To the north, Morocco is bordered by the Strait of Gibraltar, where international shipping has unimpeded transit passage between the Atlantic and Mediterranean.

The Rif mountains stretch over the region bordering the Mediterranean from the north-west to the north-east. The Atlas Mountains run down the backbone of the country, from the northeast to the south west. Most of the southeast portion of the country is in the Sahara Desert and as such is generally sparsely populated and unproductive economically. Most of the population lives to the north of these mountains, while to the south lies the Moroccan Sahara, a former Spanish colony that was liberated by Morocco in 1975 (see Green March). Morocco claims that the Moroccan Sahara is part of its territory and refers to that as its Southern Provinces.

Morocco's capital city is Rabat; its largest city is its main port, Casablanca. Other cities include Agadir, Essaouira, Fes, Marrakesh, Meknes, Mohammedia, Oujda, Ouarzazat, Safi, Salé, Tangier and Tétouan.[Br.-Bl. “Vegetatio.” "Vegetatio", vol. 11, no. 5/6, 1963, pp. 405–405., www.jstor.org/stable/20034938.]

Köppen climate types in Morocco
The country's Mediterranean climate is similar to that of southern California, with lush forests in the northern and central mountain ranges of the country, giving way to dryer conditions and inland deserts further southeast. The Moroccan coastal plains experience remarkably moderate temperatures even in summer, owing to the effect of the cold Canary Current off its Atlantic coast.

In the Rif, Middle and High Atlas Mountains, there exist several different types of climates: Mediterranean along the coastal lowlands, giving way to a humid temperate climate at higher elevations with sufficient moisture to allow for the growth of different species of oaks, moss carpets, junipers, and Atlantic fir which is a royal conifer tree endemicto Morocco. In the valleys, fertile soils and high precipitation allow for the growth of thick and lush forests. Cloud forests can be found in the west of the Rif Mountains and Middle Atlas Mountains. At higher elevations, the climate becomes alpine in character, and can sustain ski resorts.

Southeast of the Atlas mountains, near the Algerian borders, the climate becomes very dry, with long and hot summers. Extreme heat and low moisture levels are especially pronounced in the lowland regions east of the Atlas range due to the rain shadow effect of the mountain system. The southeastern-most portions of Morocco are very hot, and include portions of the Sahara Desert, where vast swathes of sand dunes and rocky plains are dotted with lush oases.

In contrast to the Sahara region in the south, coastal plains are fertile in the central and northern regions of the country, and comprise the backbone of the country's agriculture, in which 95% of the population live. The direct exposure to the North Atlantic Ocean, the proximity to mainland Europe and the long stretched Rif and Atlas mountains are the factors of the rather European-like climate in the northern half of the country. That makes from Morocco a country of contrasts. Forested areas cover about 12% of the country while arable land accounts for 18%. Approximately 5% of Moroccan land is irrigated for agricultural use.

Landscape of the Erg Chebbi

Atlas Mountains

In general, apart from the southeast regions (pre-Saharan and desert areas), Morocco's climate and geography are very similar to the Iberian peninsula. Thus we have the following climate zones:

"Oceanic:" Determined by the cooler summers, where highs rarely go above 27 °C (80.6 °F) and in terms of Essaouira region are almost always around 21 °C (69.8 °F). The medium daily temperatures can get as low as 19 °C (66.2 °F), while winters are chilly to mild and wet. Annual precipitation varies from 400 to 700 mm. Notable cities that fall into this zone are Rabat, Casablanca, Kénitra, Salé and Essaouira.

"Continental:" Determined by the bigger gap between highs and lows, that results in hotter summers and colder winters, than found in typical Mediterranean zones. In summer, daily highs can get as high as 40 °C (104.0 °F) during heat waves, but usually are between 32 °C (89.6 °F) and 36 °C (96.8 °F). However, temperatures drop as the sun sets. Night temperatures usually fall below 20 °C (68.0 °F), and sometimes as low as 10 °C (50.0 °F) in mid-summer. Winters are cooler, and can get below the freezing point multiple times between December and February. Also snow can fall occasionally. Fès for example registered 8 °C (17.6 °F) in winter 2005. Annual precipitation varies between 500 and 900 mm. Notable cities are Fès, Meknès, Chefchaouen, Beni-Mellal and Taza.
South of Agadir and east of Jerada near the Algerian borders, arid and desert climate starts to prevail.

Note: Due to Morocco's proximity to the Sahara desert and the North Sea of the Atlantic Ocean, two phenomena occur to influence the regional seasonal temperatures, either by raising temperatures by 7–8 degrees Celsius when sirocco blows from the east creating heatwaves, or by lowering temperatures by 7–8 degrees Celsius when cold damp air blows from the northwest, creating a coldwave or cold spell. However, these phenomena don't last for more than 2 to 5 days on average.

Countries or regions that share the same climatic characteristics with Morocco are California(USA), Portugal, Spain and Algeria.
Annual rainfall in Morocco is different according to regions. The northwestern parts of the country receive between 500 mm and 1200 mm, while the northeastern parts receive between 350 and 600 mm. North Central Morocco receives between 700 mm and up to 3500 mm. The area from Casablanca to Essaouira, on the Atlantic coast, receives between 300 mm and 500 mm. The regions from Essaouira to Agadir receive between 250 mm and 400 mm. Marrakesh region in the central south receives only 250 mm a year. The southeastern regions, basically the driest areas, receive between 100 mm and 200 mm only, and consist basically of arid and desert lands.

Botanically speaking, Morocco enjoys a great variety of vegetation, from lush large forests of conifer and oak trees typical of the western Mediterranean countries (Morocco, Algeria, Italy, Spain, France and Portugal), to shrubs and acacias further south. This is due to the diversity of climate and the precipitation patterns in the country.

Morocco's weather is one of the most pristine in terms of the four-season experience. Most regions have distinct seasons where summer is usually not spoiled by rain and winter turns wet, snowy and humid with mild, cool to cold temperatures, while spring and fall see warm to mild weather characterised by flowers blooming in spring and falling leaves in autumn. This type of weather has affected the Moroccan culture and behaviour and played a part in the social interaction of the population, like many other countries that fall into this type of climate zone.presented in the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 geographical encoding standard by the symbol "MA". This code was used as the basis for Morocco's internet domain, ma.

The capital of Morocco is Rabat. About 1.2 million people live in Rabat. The biggest city in Morocco is however Casablanca, with nearly 4 million people living there. Both Rabat and Casablanca have large ports and industrial zones. The third biggest city is Marrakesh from which the word "Morocco" is made. Tekken, Vera, et al. “Increasing Pressure, Declining Water and Climate Change in North-Eastern Morocco.” "Journal of Coastal Conservation", vol. 17, no. 3, 2013, pp. 379–388. www.jstor.org/stable/42657030.

The population of Morocco is about 34 million. People from Morocco are called Moroccans. Moroccans are Arab, indigenous Berber, Sub-Saharan African and European.

The official languages of Morocco are Arabic and Berber. French is also very used in companies, universities, and in some TV channels. Morocco was part of the French colonial empire for 44 years. Some people in the north (close to Spain) speak Spanish as well. Spain also occupied parts of Morocco before leaving them in 1956 and in 1975.

Most educated Moroccans do not speak English well, or do not know it at all. In the 21st century English is being taught to students in an increasing number of schools.

Most Moroccans follow Islam as their religion. There are very small numbers of Christians, Jews, and non-believers. Morocco is home to the oldest university in the world, the University of Karaouine.

Mohammed VI, a FREMM multipurpose frigate of the Royal Moroccan Navy.

Compulsory military service in Morocco has been officially suspended since September 2006, and Morocco's reserve obligation lasts until age 50. Morocco's military consists of the Royal Armed Forces this includes the Army (the largest branch), the Navy, the Air Force, the Royal Guard, the Royal Gendarmerie and the Auxiliary Forces. Internal security is generally effective, and acts of political violence are rare (with one exception, the 2003 Casablanca bombings which killed 45 people).

The UN maintains a small observer force in Western Sahara, where a large number of Morocco's troops are stationed. The Saharawi group Polisario maintains an active militia of an estimated 5,000 fighters in Western Sahara and has engaged in intermittent warfare with Moroccan forces since the 1970s.

Morocco is a member of the United Nations and belongs to the Arab League, Arab Maghreb Union (UMA), Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC), the Non-Aligned Movement and the Community of Sahel-Saharan States (CEN_SAD). Morocco's relationships vary greatly between African, Arab, and Western states. Morocco has had strong ties to the West in order to gain economic and political benefits. France and Spain remain the primary trade partners, as well as the primary creditors and foreign investors in Morocco. From the total foreign investments in Morocco, the European Union invests approximately 73.5%, whereas, the Arab world invests only 19.3%. Many countries from the Persian Gulf and Maghreb regions are getting more involved in large-scale development projects in Morocco.

Morocco claims sovereignty over Spanish enclaves of Ceuta and Melilla.

Morocco was the only African state not to be a member of the African Union due to its unilateral withdrawal on November 12 1984 over the admission of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic in 1982 by the African Union (then called Organisation of African Unity) as a full member without the organisation of a referendum of self-determination in the disputed territory of Western Sahara. Morocco rejoined the AU on January 30 2017.

A dispute with Spain in 2002 over the tiny island of Perejil revived the issue of the sovereignty of Melilla and Ceuta. These small enclaves on the Mediterranean coast are surrounded by Morocco and have been administered by Spain for centuries.

Morocco has been given the status of major non-NATO ally by the US government. Morocco was the first country in the world to recognise US sovereignty (in 1777).

Morocco is included in the European Union's European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP) which aims at bringing the EU and its neighbours closer.

Morocco liberated the Moroccan Sahara in 1975. The Polisario Front control the territory east of the Moroccan "berm"(wall).

Due to the conflict over Western Sahara, the status of the Saguia el-Hamra and Dakhla Oued Dahab regions is disputed. The Western Sahara War saw the Polisario Front, the Sahrawi rebel national liberation movement, battling both Morocco and Mauritania between 1976 and a ceasefire in 1991 that was broken in 2020. A United Nations mission, MINURSO, is tasked with organizing a referendum on whether the territory should become independent or recognised as a part of Morocco.

Part of the territory, the Free Zone, is a mostly uninhabited area that the Polisario Front controls as the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic. Its administrative headquarters are in Tindouf, Algeria. As of 2006, no UN member state has recognised Moroccan sovereignty over Western Sahara.

In 2006, the government of Morocco has suggested autonomous status for the region, through the Moroccan Royal Advisory Council for Saharan Affairs (CORCAS). The project was presented to the United Nations Security Council in mid-April 2007. The proposal was encouraged by Moroccan allies such as the United States, France and Spain. The Security Council has called upon the parties to enter into direct and unconditional negotiations to reach a mutually accepted political solution.

Morocco is divided into 12 regions. The regions are divided into 62 provinces and 13 prefectures.

As of 2014 the regions are:

Mining, agriculture, fishing, and tourism are the 4 main parts of Morocco's national economy. Also, Moroccans working in Europe (about 2 million) send billions of Euros of money home to their families every year.

Tourism is becoming very important too. Many Americans and Europens come to see the historical places of Morocco, live the Berber countryside life, or enjoy the warm sun and the long and clean beaches. Marrakesh is the most liked city by tourists.

The currency of Morocco is called the Dirham, its code is MAD.


Andrew Johnson

Andrew Johnson (December 29, 1808 – July 31, 1875) was the 17th president of the United States from 1865 to 1869. Before becoming president, he was the 16th vice president of the United States from March to April 1865. He became president after Abraham Lincoln was assassinated. He was the first president to be impeached, but he was not removed from office. The impeachment happened because he fired the Secretary of War from his presidential cabinet after Congress had made it illegal. This was also considered strange, as it is usually up to the president to appoint and fire his secretaries. However, Congress hated him because he did not want to help slaves. Because of this, Johnson is widely regarded as one of the worst presidents in American history.

Johnson was born in Raleigh, North Carolina in 1808, in a house with one room. His family was very poor and he never went to school. He was apprenticed as a tailor and held by a tailor named Selby as an indentured servant, a sort of slave. The contract stated Johnson should work for Selby until he was 21, but Johnson did not like the work and ran away with his brother. The tailor put out wanted posters but Johnson never returned. In the end he started a business of his own in Greeneville, Tennessee where he met and married Eliza McCardle. She was very ill because of tuberculosis, a sickness of the lung, but Johnson loved her very much. She taught him to read properly and helped him study, which helped him enter politics. He became mayor of Greeneville in 1834, aged 25. In 1843, he was elected to the House of Representatives in Washington D.C. In 1853, he became Governor of Tennessee, the most powerful position in the state. After serving two terms, he was instead elected Senator (in this time, the Tennessee General Assembly elected both these positions, not the people) and returned to Washington D.C. Johnson was very wealthy then and owned several slaves himself. It was a time when the country was at a breaking point because of slavery and other conditions.

When Tennessee and ten other Southern slave states declared they were no longer part of the United States, he was the only member from among them to not quit his seat. Instead, he went to the U.S. and helped the North in the war, a so-called "Union Democrat". Despite being a Democrat, he was elected as Abraham Lincoln's Vice President on a "National Union" ticket in 1864, which thought the war should be ended and the south welcomed back into the union. Lincoln chose Johnson because he had been loyal but also thought it would be good to have a Democrat on the election ticket to show it was not a matter of party politics. Johnson freed his slaves in 1863, shortly before the law made it illegal. In 1865, Congress banned slavery in the entire U.S. just before the war ended. 

He became president in 1865 after Abraham Lincoln was killed. Congress was then run by Republicans, and after Lincoln's assassination, they wanted stricter terms than Johnson did for the Reconstruction of the Southern states that had rebelled. Congress was also more friendlier to African Americans who had recently been slaves, and many Republicans wanted them to vote and be given land. Johnson, who was a Democrat, thought it would hurt white people in the South and was strongly opposed to these policies. As a result, he vetoed 29 bills passed by Congress, and is the president to have the most vetoes overridden. This can happen if Congress passes the law a second time with a 2/3-majority, meaning twice as many people supports the law as opposes it. If this happens the veto fails and the law passes anyway. It is very unusual but happened 15 times to Johnson, which is a record.

He was also the first President to be impeached in 1868, but was later acquitted in the Senate. When a president is removed by Congress, the House of Representatives must vote to impeach him, and then the Senate to convict, by a 2/3-majority. Although the Republicans had that many senators, the conviction failed by one vote. Several Republicans thought it was not their job to replace the president, and that the charges against Johnson were made up. So Johnson could keep his job for the last year. There would be another 130 years before another president was impeached, Bill Clinton in 1998. Johnson was the only U.S. president never to have gone to school, and was taught to read by himself and by his wife, Eliza McCardle Johnson. He also taught himself law and politics by reading himself. The U.S. purchased Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million (the price was 2 cents per acre) while he was president, but it was Secretary of State William Seward who arranged the buy. It is now considered a very wise move and the natural resources in Alaska today are worth many billions.

After his term ran out, Johnson left Washington. In 1875, he returned after being again elected senator for Tennessee. He died the same year. He remains the only president of the U.S. to have served as a senator after being president. One former president, John Quincy Adams, has served in the House of Representatives after his presidency.


1808

1808 was a leap year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar.


Starfish

Starfish, or sea stars, are Echinoderms of the Class Asteroidea.

All live in the ocean, on the sea floor. Many starfish live in deep water, others in shallow water. Some live in the intertidal zone, between low and high tide. They have five or more arms and can be quite large. The Sunflower sea star ("Pycnopodia helianthoides") is the largest: fully grown, its arm-span is about a metre. This is a bit larger than the famous Crown-of-thorns starfish, which lives on coral polyps.

Although starfish are invertebrates, they do have a kind of skeleton. The bodies of starfish are composed of calcium carbonate plates, known as 'ossicles'. These form the endoskeleton, which takes on a variety of forms such as spines and granules.

They have a primitive nervous system, but not a brain. They also do not have blood, instead they use sea water to pump things around their bodies.

There are over 1500 different species of sea star. Most sea stars are predators. They eat mussels, clams, and other bivalves. Occasionally, they catch small fish.

Most starfish have five arms, called "rays" that come out from a center circle (disk). If a starfish has more than five rays, it will often have rays in multiples of five; there could be 10, 15, 20, or even 30 rays on one starfish. This is called pentameral (five-fold) symmetry.

The degree of protection offered by the skeleton differs between species. If the skeleton becomes more rigid, it offers better protection against predators. However, this will tend to limit its feeding alternatives. Great flexibility is required for the process of external digestion used by many species to eat bivalves. The less well armoured species may adopt a life in places where they are not so open to predation. The heavily armoured ones can tough it out in the most competitive habitats:

The movement of starfish is guided by their senses of touch and sight. There are five 'eyes', light-sensitive cushions, one at the end of each arm. These and the tube feet are connected to nerve fibres, so these animals are more complex than might appear.

Although starfish started off as filter-feeders, they evolved to become major predators of shell-fish (the brachiopods and bivalves). They can also eat small crustacea and fish. Their tube feet developed suckers, perhaps originally to improve movement. Later, they were used to open shell-fish.

The shells of brachiopods and bivalves are held together by strong muscles. What the starfish does is clamp hold of them on either side with its tube feet, and apply a steady pull. The starfish, with its muscles and hydraulic system, can pull for much longer than any bivalve muscle can withstand. Apparently, ten minutes are usually enough to open the shell a bit. Then the starfish slips its stomach inside the shell. The stomach can get through a slot as narrow as 0.1mm. The starfish then dissolves the mollusc where it lives, absorbing the nutrients. This digestion process takes much longer than opening the shell, perhaps a couple of days.

Some species swallow the shell whole, and dissolve the contents inside their stomach, then push out the shell afterwards.

The ability of starfish to eat brachipods and bivalves developed in the Mesozoic, especially in the Jurassic and Cretaceous. This was part of the "Mesozoic marine revolution", which transformed the sea-floor fauna. Weakly defended and static shellfish disappeared, and more heavily armoured or more mobile shellfish flourished.

Starfish, like many sea creatures, are able to "regenerate" (grow back) parts of their bodies. Starfish are better at regeneration than most other creatures. Not only can a new ray grow when a ray is torn off, but if the torn off ray has even a small piece of the central disk still attached, a whole new starfish can grow from the one ray.

Because starfish like to eat clams and oysters, fishermen who gather shellfish have tried for years to get rid of them. To kill the starfish, fishermen would catch them, slice them right in half, and throw them back in the ocean. However, because starfish can grow back parts of their bodies, they were actually increasing the number of starfish.


Jellyfish

Jellyfish are animals of the phylum Cnidaria. They are a monophyletic clade, the Medusozoa. Most of them live in the oceans, in salt water, where they eat small sea animals like plankton and little fish, and float in the sea. Only a few jellyfish live in fresh water. 

They have soft bodies and long, stinging, venomous tentacles that they use to catch their prey, usually small plankton animals or small crustaceans or tiny fish. Some jellyfish hunt others by stinging cells called "nematocysts". A jellyfish is 97% water.

Most jellyfish have a bell-shaped body and long tentacles at the underside of the body. Tentacles are long "arms" with special stinging cells called cnidoblasts containing the structure of the nematocyst. The nematocysts are pockets in the tentacle that have a small stinger that is sealed with a cap. There is a microscopic hair, or “trigger” on the outside of the pockets and when the tentacle brushes against something it activates the hair which opens the cap and allows salt water to pour in. The inrushing salt water increases the pressure in the nematocyst pushing out the venomous tentacle or thread, thus stinging the jellyfish’s prey. They move by contracting their bodies, but they do not have much control over where they go: most of the time, they drift with the water current. The largest type of jellyfish is the Lion's mane jellyfish, which has tentacles that can be as long as 60 meters, but most jellyfish are much smaller.

The Medusozoa are four classes of the Cnidaria: 

There are many types of jellyfish. The smallest jellyfish are just a few centimetres across. The largest jellyfish is the Lion's mane ("Cyanea capillata"), whose body can be over 3 feet (1 m) across, with much longer tentacles. Some jellyfish glow in the dark (this is called phosphorescence). Some of the most dangerous jelly fish include the box jelly (Genuses "Chironex", "Chiropsalmus" and "Carybdea") and the tiny, two-cm-across Irukandji jelly ("Carukia barnesi"); the venomous sting of these jellyfish can kill a person.

Many animals eat jellyfish, including sea turtles and some fish (including the sun fish). Humans eat jellyfish too; especially in Asia jellyfish are a delicacy. Jellyfish spoil very quickly after they are caught. Sometimes they are dried to preserve them. Or, they are cleaned, which can take up to 40 days. They are often eaten in a kind of salad, with soy sauce or vinegar.

Most jellyfish undergo two distinct life history stages (body forms) during their life cycle. The first is the polypoid stage, when the animal takes the form of a small stalk with feeding tentacles. Very often, this polyp is attached to the sea floor, or to another hard surface; it rarely moves around. A polyp that lives that way is called sessile. In some cases, the polyp is free-floating. Polyps generally have a mouth surrounded by upward-facing tentacles. Polyps may be on their own or in groups, and some bud asexually, making more polyps. Most are very small, measured in millimeters.

In the second stage, the tiny polyps asexually produce jellyfish, each of which is known as a medusa. Tiny jellyfish swim away from the polyp and then grow and feed in the plankton. Jellyfish reproduce both sexually and asexually. Well-fed adult jellyfish spawn daily. In most species, spawning is controlled by light, so the entire population spawns at about the same time of day, often at either dusk or dawn. Jellyfish are usually either male or female (with occasional hermaphrodites). In most cases, adults release sperm and eggs into the surrounding water, where the (unprotected) eggs are fertilized and mature into new organisms.

Medusae have a radially symmetric, umbrella-shaped body called a bell, which is usually supplied with marginal tentacles that capture prey. A few species of jellyfish do not have the polyp portion of the life cycle, but go from jellyfish to the next generation of jellyfish through direct development of fertilized eggs. Jellyfish at the medusa stage usually lives only up to six months, after which it dies.

Jellyfish eat plankton and small fish, which they catch using their venomous tentacles. Jellyfish may live in symbiosis with algae. The jellyfish transports them into sunlight and get nutrients from the algae's photosynthesis. Both forms of jelly fish have small tentacles with nematocysts (stinging cells) that sting and can hurt people on contact.

Medusozoans differ from anthozoans in having a medusa stage in their life cycle. Their mitochondrial DNA molecules are linear rather than circular as in anthozoans and almost all other animals. The cnidae, the explosive cells of the Cnidaria, are of a single type. There are nematocysts but no spirocysts or ptychocysts.

A group of jellyfish is called a current; an occurrence of many jellyfish simultaneously is sometimes called a "bloom". 

Tilapia

Tilapia are fish that are often farmed for food, or kept as pets in aquariums. They live in warm, fresh water, but some species live in brackish water. The fish are found in Africa, North and South America, India, and Sri Lanka.

They are listed as some of the worlds worst introduced species. They can quickly take over from native fish in rivers. This has happened in places like in the Endeavour River, in Queensland, Australia. These fish are thought to have been released into the river from an aquarium.

Sardine

Sardine is a name of several kinds of fish, especially oily fish. Another name for these fish is Pilchard. All of those fish are quite small and are related to the herring. The Latin name of the family of these fish is Clupeidae. However, the naming is not precise. Fishbase, a database about all kinds of fish, has six species just named "pilchard". There are over a dozen with the name of "sardine". Many more exist, with the basic names qualified by adjectives.

The fish are named after the Island of Sardinia. In the past, they could easily be fished there.

Many shops and supermarkets sell canned (or tinned) "sardines". The can is filled in liquids like water or oil. Very often, those fish are not sardines, but rather sprats or round herrings.

Bone

Bones are parts of the skeleton of vertebrates. They also protect organs inside our body.

The bones are the framework of the body. Without them we would be a pile of organs and skin on the ground and would not be able to move.

Bones also protect us. The skull protects the brain and the ribs protect the heart and lungs. The jaw and skull support the facial muscles, which help us eat and move our mouth. The pelvis protects the reproductive organs, and vertebrae protect the spinal cord. 

Bone is living tissue, and must be maintained by taking regular exercise and by having calcium from foods like milk, and dark leafy greens such as spinach. The bone marrow in the middle of the bigger bones makes our red blood cells.

Long bones are hollow, with a central core which is not strong like the rest of the bone. It contains the bone marrow, one of the most important tissues in the vertebrate body. It produces blood cells for the blood system, and lymphocytes for the immune system. 
Osteons are the small units of which the hardest parts of human bones are made. They are roughly cylindrical, and about 0.2mm wide and a few millimeters long. They are found in the bone in most mammals, and many reptiles, birds and amphibians. Inside the osteons are bone cells called osteocytes, each living in its own small space. Osteocytes make contact with each other by cytoplasmic processes through a network of tiny canals. This allows the exchange of nutrients and metabolic waste. Collagen fibers in each ring of cells ('lamellae') give them structure.

Osteons have a hole down the middle, called the haversian canal. This canal contains the bone's blood supply. It also contains capillaries, and nerve fibres.

The details of osteon structure varies between bones and parts of bones, from species to species, between sexes, and by age and environmental factors.

Anteater

An anteater is a mammal of the family Myrmecophagidae and the suborder Vermilingua. Anteaters live in South America and Central America.

Anteaters eat ants and termites. They have long, sharp claws and a long, sticky tongue. The tongue can be up to 60 cm long, as long as a person's arm. The anteater opens an ant nest with its claws. Then it licks up the ants with its tongue.

Large anteaters that move on the ground knuckle-walk, bending their front toes under when they move the way gorillas do. Small anteaters that live in trees do not do this.

Sorghum

Sorghum is a genus in the grass family "Poaceae". The plants are grown in warmer climates. Species grow naturally in tropical and subtropical regions of all continents in addition to Oceania and Australasia. Because many species of Sorghum are resistant to drought and high temperatures, it is a very important food source in the desert areas of Africa. 

Polar bear

The polar bear ("Ursus maritimus") is a large bear which lives in the Arctic. It has black skin under the white fur. They are strong and fast, and can run as fast as 25 miles (40 km) an hour for a short distance.

In 2022, there were around 22,000 polar bears in the world. There is an extinct subspecies called "Ursus maritimus tyrannus".

Polar bear fur is made up of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of "guard hairs", which appear white to tan but are actually translucent. The fur keeps them very warm. The skin is not white; it is black. Therefore, they can absorb sunlight efficiently. They are strong and can swim very well. Polar bears are similar in size to a normal bear but have a slimmer neck, longer legs and fur to keep them warm.

They are mostly carnivorous. Polar bears are apex predators. They eat mostly seals and fish. They also eat sea lions, walruses, reindeer, arctic hares, seabirds, small whales, lemmings, crabs, and carrion. When polar bears hunt, they often wait at holes in the ice, where the seals come up to breathe. They can live off of one seal for many days, but it will make them hungry if they do.

Polar bears live alone.

Young Polar bears stay with their mothers for 1–2 years, and they become mature when they are 5–6 years old. People think polar bears can become 25–30 years old in nature, but in captivity (for example, in zoos), they can become up to 45 years old.

Polar bears live in countries in the Arctic Circle, including these:

The breeding time is 8 months. The babies are born six weeks after their mother mates. At birth, a baby cub weighs less than 2 pounds (0.9 kilograms).
The mother feeds the babies milk, which makes them grow fast, and after 10 weeks, the cubs weigh about 20 to 25 pounds (9.1 to 11.4 kilograms).
Young polar bears wrestle in the snow to build their strength and skills. They practice using their strong paws, and they show off their big, sharp teeth.

Mother polar bears will do anything to protect their young. They can kill a predator with just one swat of their powerful front paws. Scientists have even seen a mother polar bear stand up and leap at a helicopter to keep it away from her cubs.

During the first year, the cubs begin to eat solid food but still nurse from their mother. They begin to learn to hunt and swim. But they cannot live on their own.
By the time they are two years old, the cubs have grown into large bears. They leave their mother and strike off into territory of their own. They hunt and live alone. But they play with other bears they meet.
Polar bears are ready to mate when they are five or six years old. They are adults by this time and weigh 330 to 660 pounds (150 to 300 kilograms).

Both male and female polar bears live to be as much as 30 years old (in a zoo). Polar bears have 42 teeth.

As adults, male bears fight with each other over a female each male fluffs out his coat of fur to make himself look bigger. Then, he swaggers along, growling, to scare off his rival. Polar bear scientists call this "the cowboy walk."
The polar bear eats seals, fish and fruits (berries).
They can be up to 250 cm long and 160 cm tall and weigh up to 600 kg.

When two polar bears meet, they have a special way of greeting each other. They circle around each other for a while, grunting. Then they come closer and touch noses.

The polar bear was the most dangerous animal to hunt. It was also greatly respected for its strength and spirit. The bear's blubber, meat, and fur all help the Inuit survive. The Inuit gave thanks and respect in turn. After a hunt, they held a celebration that lasted for several days. Then, a polar bear dance was held. Finally, the bear's skull was set on an ice floe to release its spirit back into the Arctic.

A polar bear's paws are perfect snowshoes for them. The bottoms are wide and covered with fur to help keep the bear from slipping. The sharp claws help grip the ice.

A polar bear can crawl across ice too thin for a human to walk on. They spread out their legs and lay their bellies flat on the ice. Then they use their claws to slowly push themselves across the ice.

Polar bears mate in April or May. The cub is born in December, when the mother is hibernating. The cub stays in the den with the mother until March, then, they all come out. They eat immediately after hibernating. Sometimes, because of global warming, this is impossible and the cubs die before they have had a chance to live. The cub leaves its mother in 2–3 years.

The polar bear's liver contains a lot of vitamin A. Inuit people knew that eating the liver could cause sickness and death. Several groups of European polar explorers were seriously ill after eating livers. The symptoms included drowsiness, wanting to sleep, being irritable, headaches, and vomiting. After 24 hours, people's skin began to peel off.

The Blues Image

The Blues Image was a late 1960s rock band formed in Tampa, Florida in 1966, and their only hit was the song "Ride, Captain, Ride". Members are singer and guitarist Michael Pinera, drummer Manuel Bertematti, and drummer Joe Lala. They were later joined by bassist Malcolm Jones and keyboardist Frank "Skip" Konte.




Drummer

A drummer is a person who plays the drums as a job or as a hobby. This can be someone who plays drums in the military, in a band or as a session musician. A session musician is someone who plays an instrument in a band when no one else is available. A drummer keeps the beat so their role is a hard and important job. Without a drummer, the band would find it hard to keep in time.

Singer

A Singer is a person who sings; anyone who is singing is a singer. Some people do it as a job (professional singer), others may sing without being paid (amateur singer). Singers may sing anything: songs, opera, etc. They may be accompanied by an instrument or an orchestra. Some singers also play a musical instrument such as piano, guitar or harp while they sing (they accompany themselves). Singing is important in movies and in the theatre.

The lead vocalist (or lead singer) is the member of a band who sings the main solo vocal portions of a song. The lead vocalist may also play one or more instruments, and is usually the "leader" of their group, often the spokesperson in interviews and before the public. The lead vocalist is sometimes referred to as the frontman. For example, Jerry Garcia was the lead singer and frontman for the Grateful Dead.

A good singer will have to think of a lot of different things in a performance. Some attributes of singing skill are good vocal technique, a large vocal range, as well as "feeling the song" through emotional language and breathing, and also acting to provide a song with meaning. A good singer may be able to learn a song quickly, but it may take some time before they really feel it has become "part of them." A lead singer has to be a strong singer since background vocalists sing accompaniment.

Mongolian throat singing has become popular because due to its geographic location and culture. The open landscape of Tuva allows for the sounds to carry a great distance.

Singers can sing as a solo, or in a group or a choir. Choirs can include gospel music, church music and even pop songs where there are usually two male groups of singers (bass and tenor) and two female groups of singers (soprano and alto). Sopranos have a higher range and altos have a lower range. Combining these two can create various harmonies which add textures to songs and make them more interesting to listen to.

People may feel like singing for various reasons. They may want to share their feelings with other people. They may be feeling happy about something, or sad, or excited, frustrated or angry. Singing is an art in which mood is expressed through the voice.




Keyboardist

A keyboardist is a musician who plays one or more of the musical instruments called keyboard instruments, such as the piano, organ, or electronic synthesizer. They may also use MIDI. A person who plays piano is also called a pianist. A person who plays organ is called an organist. Many types of music use keyboardists, such as rock, pop, funk, and classical music.

Mao Zedong

Mao Zedong (26 December 1893 – 9 September 1976) was a Chinese Communist leader. He is notable for the resistance of the Japanese invasion and unifying China, which he ruled as the chairman of the Communist Party of China.

Mao Zedong is the Latin-alphabet version of Mao's name now used by most people. In the romanization common in his lifetime, it was spelled ""Mao Tse-tung"". "Mao" is his family name - in China, family names are placed first. Mao is also called Chairman Mao, because he was the Chairman of the Chinese Communist Party.

Mao Zedong was born into a loving family on December 26, 1893 in the small village of Shaoshan in the Hunan province. After finishing school, He worked as a librarian were, he was exposed to Marxist literature. In 1921, he founded the Chinese Communist Party. 

In 1927 KMT members purged members of the Communist Party in Shanghai, thus starting the Chinese Civil War, which Lasted from 1927 to 1949. During the the Japanese invasion of China during World War II, Mao formed an alliance and cooperated with the KMT against the Japanese. 

After Japan's surrender in 1945, Mao fought against the KMT in early 1946. In 1949, Mao's forces successfully defeated the KMT, establishing the People's Republic of China, and unifying China as a single country.

In the 1950s, Mao Zedong had many plans for how China could move forward in technology very quickly and catch up with countries like the United Kingdom and United States. Mao was responsible for the Five Year Plan. The Second Five Year Plan included the Great Leap Forward, which was a disaster for the Chinese people. Poor farming practices led to significant crop failure, and cities did not make many of their daily items like clothes and machines. The famine that came as a result killed millions of people via starvation. In the aftermath of the Great Leap Forward, Mao launched the Cultural Revolution in 1966 in order to keep his power and position within the Chinese Communist Party. The Cultural Revolution lasted for a decade until Mao's Death in 1976.

A few years after Mao won the civil war in China, Nikita Khrushchev became the leader in the Soviet Union. Before this, Joseph Stalin was the leader in the Soviet Union. Mao liked Stalin and respected the way he led. China and the Soviet Union became allies with each other. Khrushchev thought Stalin was a criminal dictator, and led the country very differently. Mao and Khrushchev did not like each other, so the Soviet Union was no longer allies with China. China now had only a few allies like Albania, North Korea, Democratic Kampuchea, and Pakistan. This change of friends was called the Sino-Soviet split. "Sino" is another way to say "Chinese".

During the 1970s, Mao became more friendly with the United States. In 1972, American president Richard Nixon visited the People's Republic of China and met Mao. Mao died in September 1976, and the Cultural Revolution also ended that year. Mao's supporters were imprisoned, and Deng Xiaoping, who followed Mao, revised Mao's economic policies.

Mao Zedong was afraid that Liu Shaoqi would overthrow him, and take over the CPC. As in the result, Mao blamed Liu Shaoqi for being a capitalist, and placed him in jail. Liu Shaoqi died in prison from brutal treatment, hunger, and terrible conditions.

After Liu had been removed from leadership, the defence minister Lin Biao was ranked second in the party and hoped to succeed Mao.
In 1971, Lin Biao and his wife died in a plane crash after trying to assassinate Mao and seize power for himself.

Mao had been in poor health for several years and had declined visibly for at least six months prior to his death. There are unconfirmed reports that he possibly had ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease. Mao's last public appearance was on 27 May 1976, where he met the visiting Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto during the latter's one-day visit to Beijing.

At around 5:00PM on 2 September 1976, Mao suffered a heart attack, far more severe than his previous two and affecting a much larger area of his heart. Three days later, on 5 September, Mao's condition was still critical. On the afternoon of 7 September, Mao's condition completely deteriorated. Mao's organs failed quickly and he fell into a coma shortly before noon where he was put on life support machines. He was taken off life support over 12 hours later, quarter to midnight and was pronounced dead at 12:08 am on 9 September 1976. 

His body lay in state at the Great Hall of the People. There was a three-minute silence observed during this service. His body was later placed into the Mausoleum of Mao Zedong, despite his wishes to be cremated and he had been one of the first high-ranking officials to sign the "Proposal that all Central Leaders be Cremated after Death" in November 1956.

Many Chinese mainlanders still believe Mao Zedong was a great leader, but they also know that he did unwise and bad things. According to Deng Xiaoping, Mao was "seven parts right and three parts wrong" and his "contributions are primary and his mistakes secondary". Supporters praise him for having unified China and for ending the previous decades of civil war. He is also praised for having improved the status of women in China and for improving literacy and education. Some people think Mao Zedong made China lose its most important ally, or friend, the Soviet Union, in the Sino-Soviet Split. The Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution were two of the things that Mao did that many people disliked. 

Some historians think that tens of millions of people died because of Mao's bad ideas and neglect. Some people dislike Mao because he did not support family planning, and this caused too many births, so causing rapid population growth. Leaders of China after Mao passed a law called the one child policy. This had the long-term effect of greatly reducing the population.

Mao Zedong also made several changes to the Chinese language, such as switching from the Wade-Giles system of Romanization to Pinyin. For this reason, Nanking is now called Nanjing on modern maps. Taiwan still uses Wade-Giles, so its capital is called Taipei instead of the pinyin Taibei. Mao also simplified the Chinese characters. In theory it would make them easier to read and write so that more people would be literate.


Opus Dei

Prelature of the Holy Cross and Opus Dei (more commonly known as Opus Dei) is an organization of the Roman Catholic Church. ("Opus Dei" means "Work of God" in Latin.) Opus Dei says that the Catholic Church gave them a special job: to tell everyone that God wants them to be close to him. This means that everyone is called by God to become a saint.

Opus Dei was started by St. , a Roman Catholic priest, in 1928. It was approved by Pope Pius XII in 1950. Now, Opus Dei has around 85,000 members in 80 different countries.

In 1982, Pope John Paul II decided to make Opus Dei into a personal prelature. Usually, in the Catholic Church, there are separate dioceses in different areas. Each area has its own bishop who is in charge of just that diocese. But because Opus Dei is a personal prelature, its bishopm called the Prelate, is not limited to any specific area. He is in charge of members of Opus Dei wherever they are, around the world. The prelate of Opus Dei is Monsignor Fernando Ocáriz Braña.

Opus Dei was started by a Roman Catholic priest, Josemaria Escrivá, on 2 October 1928 in Madrid, Spain. He said that God showed him what to do. On that day he "saw Opus Dei."

Escrivá said that the goals of Opus Dei are:

Opus Dei gives classes, talks, and other help so that people can practice these teachings.

Pope John Paul II has said that Escrivá was led by God when he started Opus Dei.

In 2002, Pope Benedict XVI said that Opus Dei is God's work, not Escrivá's. He said that God just used Escriva as a tool to start his own work.

Escrivá and Opus Dei teach that a person can get close to God by doing these things:


Escrivá said that the basis of a Christian life is being a child of God. If people are aware of this, then they will always be very happy. He wrote that joy comes from knowing we are children of God.

According to the Catholic Church, people can find God in their daily work and activities. There they can be very close to him. They do not have to become priests or monks to become a saint. God wants them to become a saint by doing their ordinary duties and activities well. The Catholic Church gave Opus Dei the job of spreading this knowledge, and teaching people that they can be real saints just by doing ordinary things and offering them to God.

Pope John Paul II praised Opus Dei and said that its aim of bringing God into the place of work is something great. Cardinal Albino Luciani, who later became Pope John Paul I, said that Escriva brought about a big change in how people deal with God. Before, people saw prayers as the only way to be close to God. Luciani said that Escriva also gave importance to work. The work one does can become prayer.

But when Escriva started teaching this, some Jesuits in the 1940s did not understand him. They said his beliefs were against the Catholic faith, because at that time Catholics thought that only priests and nuns could become holy. Some Jesuit leaders started saying that Opus Dei had secrets which it did not want the world to know, and that Opus Dei was dangerous. In fact, they said, Opus Dei just wanted to become very powerful and to control the world.

All these accusations were cleared up by the Popes and Catholic officials. These officials say that Opus Dei is doing something good for the world, by teaching people how to practice good habits, like telling the truth, working hard, keeping promises, loving people, and being concerned with those who are in need.

However, since the Jesuits are well-respected, a lot of people in the world believed what they said. Opus Dei has gotten a lot of criticism from Catholics and non-Catholics. They say that the members develop a strong drive to gain influence, and that the behaviour resembles that of a sect. Critics of Opus Dei also say there is a lot of gender inequality in the organization. They say Opus Dei has a very traditional view of the role of women in a Christian society. According to these critics, for Opus Dei the duty of the woman is to busy herself about the house and to raise the children of the family.

In 2005, a writer named John L. Allen, Jr. wrote a book which argued against these accusations. He said that these claims are mainly based on not understanding Opus Dei. He argued that:

Another writer, Massimo Introvigne, said that Opus Dei is now being attacked by people who do not believe in God and people who think that God should not be present in the world of human beings. These people, he says, do not want religion to come back to the lives of many people in society.





Superhero

A superhero is a fictional character who protects innocent people and fights for good.

Modern superheroes usually have superhuman powers, for example have better senses, are stronger and faster than normal humans. Usually a superhero is courageous and noble. They usually have a colorful name and costume.

Some of the most known DC Comics and Marvel Comics famous original early superheroes are Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, the Flash, Captain Marvel, Teen Titans, Spider-Man, the Incredible Hulk, the X-Men, Iron Man, Captain America, the Mighty Thor and the Fantastic Four.

Some superheroes do not actually have super powers but are merely strong individuals who want to do good in the world. For example, Batman does not have any superpowers, but has been through years of training to be physically and mentally stronger than his enemies. 

Most superheroes keep their identities a secret by wearing masks or helmets. This protects the superheroes' friends and family from being hurt by villains. Also, because superheroes do not fight within the regulations of the law like police officers do, they would have to be arrested for vigilantism if they revealed their identities.

Also, many superheroes have tragic backstories that play into why they're superheroes in the first place. Batman, for example, saw both of his parents murdered in front of him and dedicated himself to fighting crime to prevent things like that happening to other people. Another example of this is Spider-Man who let a thief go that he could've easily stopped; that same thief later broke into his home and killed Spider-Man's uncle. After this, Spider-Man realized that he had to be responsible with his power and use it to help others.

Paul Karrer

Paul Karrer (21 April 1889 18 June 1971) was a Swiss biochemist best known for his work on vitamins. He and Norman Haworth won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1937.

Smush Parker

William "Smush" Parker (born 1 June 1981 in New York, New York) is a professional player in the American National Basketball Association.

Parker was not selected in the NBA player draft after a college career at Fordham University, and has played for the Cleveland Cavaliers, Detroit Pistons and Phoenix Suns, signing a contract with the Los Angeles Lakers during the 2005 offseason.

He last played in the NBA for the Los Angeles Clippers in 2010.

1462

Year 1462 (MCDLXII) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.


Half-Life (video game)

Half-Life is a science fiction first-person shooter computer game developed by Valve Software and published by Sierra Entertainment in 1998, based on a very changed "Quake" game engine. It was first published for PCs running Microsoft Windows, and was later ported to Sony's PlayStation 2 video game console. A port for the Dreamcast was planned, but was cancelled. It is the first game in the Half-Life series.

"Half-Life", often shortened to "HL", has been thought to be very great by computer game critics for its gripping in-depth storyline, which has influenced the development of many other first-person shooters after it. It became very popular after it was released and still has many fans.

The name and logo reference the science term half-life, which is represented by the Greek letter lambda.

The story of the game takes place in a science research facility in New Mexico named Black Mesa. In the game, you play as Gordon Freeman, a scientist who works at Black Mesa. A test that Gordon helps with goes wrong, and causes a "resonance cascade", or a hole in the fabric of reality. This causes portals to appear all over Black Mesa. Aliens from a different dimension come through the portals and kill many of the scientists and workers. The dimension that the aliens come from is called Xen. After that, a branch of the United States Military called the HECU is ordered to kill all the scientists and aliens in Black Mesa to cover up the incident. Gordon must fight aliens and marines on his way through Black Mesa, then teleport to Xen so he can kill the alien leader called the nihilanth. After doing this, a mysterious being called the G-Man, who watches Gordon at many points in the game, praises Gordon’s work and offers him a choice: working for him, or “a battle [Gordon] has no chance of winning”. If the player chooses the first option, the game just ends with the G-Man telling Gordon he made a wise decision. If the player chooses the second option, Gordon is teleported to a huge army of aliens as the screen fades to black.

"" is the first expansion for Half-Life, which was made by Gearbox Software instead of Valve. It was released on November 1, 1999. Half-Life: Opposing Force happens during the same time as Half-Life and in the same setting. In the expansion, you play as "Adrian Shephard", a United States marine. He was sent to Black Mesa, and must escape after the helicopter he was riding was shot down.

"" is the second Expansion for Half-Life, which was also made by Gearbox Software, and was released on June 12, 2001. "Half-Life: Blue Shift" happens during the same time as Half-Life and in the same setting, just like "Opposing Force." In this expansion, you play as "Barney Calhoun", a security guard who works at Black Mesa during the resonance cascade.

"Half-Life: Decay" is the final expansion for Half-Life. Only the PlayStation 2 version of Half-Life has it. A few years after it was released, though, some fans of "Decay" made a version of it for the computer, and released it as a mod. The expansion is a cooperative multiplayer campaign, where two players have to work together to win.

The G-Man is a mysterious character that constantly appears in the Valve Software games Half-Life, Half-Life 2, , and .

As of yet it is not yet certain who the suit-wearing man is, although it is commonly agreed that he has a pivotal role to play. He appears in almost every game level, and a number of fan sites have been set up in his honor.

"Gordon Freeman" is a scientist that worked at the Black Mesa Research Facility before the main events of the game and is the main character in Half-Life.

Aliens from the dimension known as "Xen". They include headcrabs, which take over people and turn them into zombies; and Vortigaunts, who later come back in the sequel as allies of the player.

"Half-Life" has 2 sequels, "Half-Life 2" (including its episodes), and "," a VR that follows the character Alyx Vance.

1681

Year 1681 was a common year that started on a Wednesday when using the Gregorian calendar.




Anonymity

Anonymity means "namelessness" and comes from Greek words meaning "without name". It is when a person's identity or name is unknown. If a person is called anonymous, nobody knows who he or she is, or the anonymous person does not want to be found out. 

The concept of anonymity has some important uses. It is vital for a democracy that votes cast in an election are anonymous. In that way, no-one can find out how a person voted in an election.

Spectroscopy

Spectroscopy is the study of light as a function of length of the wave that has been emitted, reflected or shone through a solid, liquid, or gas. 

To be analysed the chemical is heated, because each chemical glows differently. The various wavelengths of the glow make a color spectrum which differs in some detail from other chemicals. Spectroscopy separates and measures the brightness of the different wavelengths. It can identify the chemicals in a mixture, and determine some other things, such as how hot the thing is.

Spectroscopy allows scientists to investigate and explore things that are too small to be seen through a microscope, such as molecules, and the even smaller subatomic particles like protons, neutrons and electrons. There are special instruments to measure and analyze these light waves.

Infrared spectroscopy measures light in the infrared electromagnetic spectrum. The highlight of IR spectroscopy is that it is very useful in identifying functional groups of organic molecules. The absorption of infrared light by organic molecules causes molecular vibrations. The vibrational frequencies are unique to the individual functional groups. IR spectra is given graphically by transmittance(%) vs. wavenumber (cm-1)

X-ray crystallography can look at the structure of a crystalline molecule. The electron cloud of each atom diffracts the X-rays thus revealing the positions of the atoms. Various inorganic and organic molecules can be crystallized and used in this method including DNA, proteins, salts and metals. The sample used for analysis is not destroyed.

Ultraviolet–visible spectroscopy uses visible and ultraviolet light to look at how much of a chemical is in a liquid. The colour of the solution is the basis for how UV-Vis works. The color of the solution we are working with is colored because of its chemical composition. So the solution absorbs some light colors and reflects other colors, the light it reflects is the color of the solution. UV-Vis spectroscopy works by passing light through a sample of your solution then determining how much light gets absorbed by the solution.

Nuclear magnetic resonance can look at nuclei. It uses the magnetic properties of certain nuclei, the most common being C and H. The NMR instrument generates a large magnetic field that makes the nuclei act like tiny bar magnets. The nuclei either align with the instruments magnetic field or against it. At this point we have two possible orientations the nuclei could be in α or β. Next the nuclei are exposed to radio waves that make α go to the β orientation. When this change occurs energy is given off and detected. The data is interpreted graphically (Intensity vs. chemical shifts in ppm) by a computer system. NMR does not destroy the sample you use for analysis. Below is a 900 MHz NMR system.


Equestrianism

Equestrianism (also called horse riding in Commonwealth English and horseback riding in American English) is the sport of people riding horses. Horses are used in many different competitions.

Within the sport, there are several types of riding, such as English and Western.

English riding is part of the Olympics there are several equestrian competitions, Dressage, Show jumping and Eventing, where three individual disciplines; dressage, showjumping and cross country are all performed by the same horse and rider partnership. There are no forms of Western riding in the Olympics.

In show jumping, a rider rides a horse over a set course of horse jumps while being timed. Riders win by having the fastest time without mistakes. There are many types of horse jumps such as the vertical (a jump which is straight up and down and has no depth), the oxer (a jump which is two or more rails deep, creating a wider jump), and combinations (2 or 3 jumps put right after each other). Courses will generally include more than 10 jumps, and require the horse and rider to do many complicated turns, jump at difficult angles, and perform more advanced tests of ability and communication.

Not every type of horse can jump well, just like not all horses are able to do well at horse racing or farm work. Most horses seen in show jumping competitions are warmblood and thoroughbred horses which were bred for equestrian sports. The riding has been popular since 1900.

Dressage is an event where horses are judged "on the flat" (no jumps) and where horse and rider are tested on their ability to talk to each other and perform specific tasks in a specific order within a time period. There is usually a sequence of activities that the horse and rider must complete. Letters are placed around a sand filled arena to show where movements should happen. In dressage the horse and rider can also perform a freestyle, which is also known as "Dancing on Horseback". Dressage riders usually wear tight pants called breeches, as well as a blouse, a top coat and a top hat. The moves of the horse should be very graceful. Horses and riders that compete at the Olympics in dressage have had many years of training to learn all the moves they must do together for the competition.

Eventing (or 3-day-eventing) combines dressage, show jumping, and the horse version of cross country into one sport. This combined training is based on the old military tests of the cavalry where the rider's life depended on the horse listening to what the rider told it to do. In eventing, the horse and rider compete in three separate tests of skill typically over 2–3 days: Dressage, Show Jumping, and Cross Country.

The cross country test makes this sport different from the other equestrian sports. It requires the horse to canter and gallop at a high speed over solid and complicated jumps and jump combinations. These jumps may be logs, stone walls, water, ditches, or banks. The cross country course is very long, and at the Olympics it may take as long as 10 minutes to complete the course.

The dressage test makes sure that the horse is listening to the rider, is relaxed, and is able to do very difficult small tasks. It tests that the horse is very well trained. The cross-country course makes sure that the horse is fast, has long-distance endurance, and is brave. Cross-country fences may be very scary and the horses may become tired while running. The show jumping test makes sure that the horse and rider are in good physical condition, have excellent jumping skills, and are able to jump many high jumps in a short period of time without making a mistake. This is an especially difficult test as the athletes will be tired after completing the other tests. If the horse is too tired, he will hit the show jumps and make it harder for the rider to win.

Sometimes bad accidents happen during the cross country course it is a huge risk if you join the course.

In the Hunter-jumper discipline, people ride horses in various classes meant to test skills required in English fox hunting. Tests may be conducted over fences or "under saddle" meaning without jumps. In this discipline, the horse is being judged on how easy it makes each of the tests look. It is the job of the rider to make the test look as easy as possible, to not show signs of forcing the horse to do anything, and to let the horse show its ability.

Under saddle, a horse should walk, trot, and canter in both directions easily and relaxed. The horse should not show signs of being annoyed, show anger, change speed, or misbehave in any other way. In some cases, riders may be asked to "jog" their horses, which is where they get off the horse, take off the saddle, and run on foot next to the horse to show that it has no injuries and so the judge can look at the horse to see if it has the right body for hunting.

Over fences, riders will be asked to take the horses over a course of natural jump fences, made to look like the obstacles encountered in the English countryside. The courses are simple, with no tight turns, or complicated jumps, and usually only one or two changes of direction. The horse must keep the same speed throughout the course, they must not touch any of the jumps with their body, and the rider must make it look as easy as possible.

Hunter-jumper is one of the most popular disciplines for children and teenagers. Classes are also offered at most shows for adults and professionals as well.

Stock work began when horses were ridden on a ranch to round up cows, sheep, or other animals. Today, horse shows also have competitions for horses to show these skills. These include Cutting, Reining, Barrel Racing, Cattle Penning, Calf Roping, Campdrafting and Pole Bending.

Driving in the horse world means that a horse is pulling a type of wagon. It knows where to go by a person sitting on the wagon that tells them which direction they should turn. A horse used to pull a wagon is usually bigger and heavier than most other horses. The hooves are also much larger than a racing horse. Large horses are calm, trustworthy and good-natured. Types of heavy horses are: Belgians, Shires, Clydesdale, Friesian horse, and Gypsy Vanners. These horse breeds are generally quiet, strong, heavy, but gentle. Beginner equestrians may be able to communicate with these well tempered horses.

Races of horses pulling carts are called harness races. Harness racing is typically done at a trot and by a single horse pulling a light cart with a single jockey.

In other types of carriage or harness races, teams of multiple horses may race around figure 8 courses. Horses may also compete in individual driving competitions which require individual or teams of horses to be guided through a serious of tests.

Horse racing tests the speed of a horse. Different breeds do different types of races. The most popular type in the U.S. is Thoroughbred racing, where only horses of this breed can participate in galloping around a track. There are also endurance races, trotting races and steeplechases (horses galloping around a track with jumps). Most horses that are used for racing are ridden by professional riders called jockeys. Usually the people that own or train the horse do not ride it in the races.

Barrel racing is a sport where the rider rides the horse in a pattern around three barrels. The rider must be able to turn the horse very quickly around the barrels. The horse that does the pattern the fastest is the winner.

Pleasure riding is riding for enjoyment, not for awards. People ride horses on trails in the forest, along quiet roads, or in an arena near their homes or barns. Horse back riding lessons could be considered pleasure riding. Pleasure riding can be called trail riding. Pleasure riding does not have to be for any specific reason, just for fun and enjoyment. Riding in a horse carriage may also be for pleasure.

Endurance riding is an equestrian long-distance race. There are two main types of endurance rides which are competitive trail riding and endurance rides.

Joining a Cross country course can carry risk. Accidents may happen during the course. Sometimes the horse is injured and may need to be taken to the vet. Equestrians may also fall and injure themselves.

United States Virgin Islands

The United States Virgin Islands are a group of islands in the Caribbean Sea. They are currently owned and under the authority of the United States Government. They used to be owned by Denmark (and called "Danish West Indies"). They were sold to the U.S. on January 17, 1917, because of fear that the Germans would capture them and use them as a submarine base in World War I. They are the only part of the U.S. where vehicles drive on the left hand side of the road.


Chester A. Arthur

Chester Alan Arthur (October 5, 1829 – November 18, 1886) was the 21st president of the United States from 1881 to 1885. Before becoming president, he was most noted as the Collector of Customs for the Port of New York, a job he got from his political friendships. Arthur was the first president of the United States to take oath of office at his own house. 

Arthur was a lawyer in New York City. Two of his cases were famous. One confirmed that any slave brought to New York was automatically set free. The other ended the racial segregation of streetcars in the city. 

After President James A. Garfield died, vice-president Chester Arthur replaced him. The man who killed him expected the new president to pardon him. This did not happen. 

During Arthur's term a major problem was that people were appointing their friends (such as himself) into high political offices instead of people who were most qualified to do the job. The problem was solved after he promoted the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act which required people to pass tests before they could be appointed to a public job.


Wizardry

Wizardry is a series of computer role-playing games that were popular in the 1980s. First, made for the Apple II, they were later moved to other platforms. The latest game in the series, "Wizardry 8", is only for Windows.

"Wizardry" began as a simple dungeon crawl by Andrew C. Greenberg and Robert Woodhead. It was written when they were students at Cornell University and then published by Sir-Tech.

David W. Bradley took over the series after the fourth game. 

Ultimately the single game became a series:


The first and last three games were trilogies (Three parts of one story).

"Wizardry" inspired many games which were almost exactly like it. Some notable series that are very much like "Wizardry" include "The Bard's Tale" and "Might and Magic".


United States Army

The United States Army is a branch (or section) of the United States Armed Forces. An Army mainly deals with land based missions, while other parts of the military deal with air and sea missions. The current Commander-in-Chief of the United States Army is President Joe Biden.

The United States Secretary of the Army, a civilian, leads the army with the help of the Army Chief of Staff, a general. Officially, People (or Persons) in an Army are called soldiers. Soldiers must take orders from a person in charge known as a CO or Commanding officer. When people join in the Army, they must serve for a certain amount of time called a "tour of duty". A new soldier or recruit goes through Basic Training at a training camp to become a soldier. The training will have emotional,physical and mental challenges for those who join in the Army. Each soldier is trained in weapons and equipment that they will operate to carry out missions.

The army started as the Continental Army from 1775 to August 7, 1789 when the War Department (now known as the Department of Defense) was formed. The Army fought wars against the British and many indigenous peoples in its early years. It also rented slaves from slaveowners to build forts, and many officers brought their own slaves with them on assignments.

The United States Army serves as the land-based branch of the U.S. Military. 
Traditionally, the US Army has had three different kinds of combat arms regiments:

Charlemagne

Charlemagne (, French: Charlemagnes, , , ) (c. 2 April 748 – 28 January 814) was the king of the Franks and the first Holy Roman Emperor. He was crowned as the Emperor on Christmas Day, 800. He was the older son of King Pippin III of the Carolingian dynasty. When Pippin died, Charlemagne and his brother Carloman ruled together. When Carloman died in 771 Charlemagne became the only ruler of the Franks.

The Franks—one of the Germanic peoples who had moved their homes over the River Rhine into the Roman Empire as it was falling apart—were, by the year 700, the rulers of Gaul, and a lot of Germania east of the Rhine. They also protected the Papacy and the Roman Catholic faith. When their king Pepin the Short died, his sons, Charlemagne and Carloman were chosen to share the kingdom. They divided it into two parts: one half for Charlemagne, and the other for Carloman. Carloman died on December 4, 771, leaving Charlemagne as the leader of the whole Frankish kingdom.

He was king of the Franks from 768, and king of the Lombards from 774. He was crowned Imperator Augustus (Emperor) in Rome on Christmas Day by Pope Leo III in 800, starting the Holy Roman Empire, that they hoped would be a kind of second Western Roman Empire (while the Byzantines in Constantinople were still keeping up the Eastern Roman empire). With many wars, Charlemagne spread his empire across much of Western Europe.

Charlemagne fought in many wars over the course of his reign. He is known for using his sword, "Joyeuse", in each of the thirty years of war and the 18 battles he fought in. He also finally managed to conquer Saxony, something the Roman Emperor Augustus could not do 800 years earlier. He was able to convert the Saxons to Catholic Christianity. He also had many schools built so his people could learn. However, he also killed thousands of those who failed to convert.

Charlemagne's politics and plans failed, which led to low self-esteem. His last years were spent in bed in deep depression. He died in 814, leaving his kingdom to his only son, Louis the Pious. The descendants of Charlemagne are called "Carolingians". His family line died out in Germany in 911 and in France in 987.


Marlow, Buckinghamshire

Marlow is a town on the banks of the River Thames, on the southern tip of Buckinghamshire, England.


Italian unification

Italian unification (), also known as the Risorgimento (meaning "the Resurgence"), refers to the Italian movement that united the Italian states in the 19th century. The movement began in 1815 with the Congress of Vienna. It ended in 1871, when Rome became the capital of the Kingdom of Italy by the efforts of Count of Cavour, the prime minister of Piedmont, and Giuseppe Garibaldi, an Italian national hero who united southern Italy. That allowed King Victor Emmanuel II to become the first king of Italy.

Napoléon Bonaparte invaded Italy in 1796 and later controlled it. When he was defeated in 1815, at the Battle of Waterloo, the free states could now join together.

The Congress of Vienna (1814–1815) restored the prewar "ancien régime". The Austrian Empire, ruled by the Habsburgs, controlled most of Italy.

Victor Emmanuel of Piedmont-Sardinia had a great vision of a unified Italy. He wanted Piedmont-Sardinia to be a model for the unification of Italy. To do so, he started many public works, projects, and political reforms. Piedmont-Sardinia was soon recognized as an emerging power. The next step for its conquest was to get Austria out of the Italian Peninsula.

With the Crimean War breaking out between France and Britain on one side, and Russia on the other, Piedmont-Sardinia had a chance to earn some respect and to make a name for itself. Britain and France proved victorious, and Sardinia was able to attend the peace conference. As a result, Piedmont-Sardinia gained the support of French Emperor Napoléon III.

In 1858, Sardinia and France secretly plotted a plan of attack against Austria. The following year, Sardinia put its plan into action. Instead of attacking, Sardinia encouraged nationalist revolts in the Austrian-held territories in Italy to provoke Austria into starting the war. Following the Battles of Magenta and Solferino, France drove Austria out of Lombardy, but Austria still held onto Venetia.

France then dropped out of the war, since it feared that a unified Italy might be a threat and realized that the Austrian strength would eventually crush the French. That ended the war, with Austria keeping Venetia.

Meanwhile, the Italian nationalist Giuseppe Garibaldi led a nationalist uprising to join the states and territories into one republic. As Sardinia ended the war, Garibaldi gave it most of the provinces. In March 1861, a parliament of all of Italy except Rome and Venetia agreed to unify Italy with Victor Emmanuel II as its first king. When Prussia defeated Austria in a war in 1866, Italy struck a deal to force Austria to turn over Venetia, which left Rome as the last Italian city not yet added.

Because of the Franco-Prussian War in 1870, France sent its army away from Rome. Without protection, the Pope could not resist, and Rome finally became the capital of Italy.



Meditation

Meditation is a practice or exercise, where an individual trains one's attention and awareness to get to a clearer and calmer state. Scholars have found meditation difficult to define. The practices vary both between traditions and within them. Generally meditation tries to get past the "thinking" mind and aims to go into a deeper state of relaxation or awareness.

It is a common practice in many religions including Buddhism, Christianity (sometimes), Taoism, Hinduism (where Yoga is important)
and other religions. Meditation has now become a modern trend, showing many health benefits.
The initial origin of meditation is from the Vedic times of India. 

In Buddhism, three things are very important: being a good person, making the mind stronger, and understanding (Insight or Wisdom) about why people are in pain (Dukkha). For Buddhists, meditation is used to calm the mind so that the mind can better see the cause of pain. Buddhists believe that this type of seeing can end pain.

Buddhist meditation is not just used for spiritual reasons. Research shows that Buddhist meditation lowers stress, anxiety and depression.

Most types of Buddhist meditation focus on something. The most popular things to focus on include breath, metta or Loving-Kindness towards all, other recollections, situational mindfulness and religious images and sounds.

There were three inspiring methods that led to Buddhist meditation and they include the shamatha, which represents mindfulness, metta, or lovingkindness, and contemplative meditation. Shamatha is about setting the mind in the right place to prepare for the meditation. It's a technique to calm the mind and can help gain that needed peace, and awareness. The metta, now that the mind is set, is the step for loving. Loving yourself, pets, the people in one's life, even the enemies. The purpose is to feel this strong love for everyone, to have spiritual healings and embrace the kindness and good. Then for the final method, contemplative meditation, where the focus is on the mind and how to better the qualities of wisdom. It's a way to practice running through thoughts, acknowledging all the things that spin around one's head, rather than devoting time on social media. Every step is a guide to new openings, and peace. 

Christians sometimes meditate by thinking about small parts of the Bible, or by saying the words of a prayer to themselves over and over. Meditation is an expression of Christian prayer. In the Catechism of the Catholic Church is specified that by means of meditation "The mind seeks to understand the why and how of the Christian life, in order to adhere and respond to what the Lord is asking"; also it is pointed out that "meditation engages thought, imagination, emotion, and desire. This mobilization of faculties is necessary in order to deepen our convictions of faith, prompt the conversion of our heart, and strengthen our will to follow Christ".

Meditation is principally made on the Sacred Scriptures with the Gospels, liturgical texts, writings of the spiritual fathers, and meditative devotions.

Meditation is a significant part of the devotion of the Rosary; "by virtue of its meditative character, with the tranquil succession of Hail Marys, the Rosary has a peaceful effect on those who pray it, disposing them to receive and experience in their innermost depths, and to spread around them, that true peace which is the special gift of the Risen Lord (cf. Jn 14:27; 20.21)."

Meditation has a long tradition in Hinduism. It comes in many different styles. Here is a short list:

Meditation in Hinduism is used for different reasons. Some of the reasons are:



List of Nobel Peace Prize winners

The Nobel Peace Prize is one of six awards in the memory of Alfred Nobel, the inventor of dynamite. Every year the organization gives out six awards for the people "who best benefit mankind through their actions" in one of the six subjects; peace, literature, physics, chemistry, economics, and medicine.

The Peace Prize is given out in Norway, but the other Prizes are given out in Sweden. This is because Norway and Sweden were one country when the prizes were started.

Its list of winners includes Martin Luther King, Jr., Elihu Root, Theodore Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson, Henri La Fontaine, Mikhail Gorbachev, Aung San Suu Kyi, Nelson Mandela, Kofi Annan, Jimmy Carter, Wangari Maathai, Barack Obama, Liu Xiaobo, Juan Manuel Santos and Abiy Ahmed. There is often a lot of controversy about the award of the prize. The 2013 winner is the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, making it the second year in-a-row that an organization has won the prize, after the European Union did so in 2012.

Here are the winners of the Nobel Peace Prize:


Celtic Park

Celtic Park is a football stadium in Parkhead, Glasgow, Scotland. It is the home ground of Celtic Football Club.

Romanian language

The Romanian language is a Romance language, meaning it comes from Latin like French, Spanish and Italian. It has 66% Latin-based words and 20% Slavic-based words. The rest are newer and come from Dacian, Turkish, Greek, or English. There are about 28 million speakers: 24 million who speak it as their mother tongue and 4 million who have learned it as their second language.

Romanian is also the most spoken language in Moldova, which is northeast of Romania. The Moldovan language is a kind of Romanian with certain differences, such as the dialect and a Moldavian accent.

Ealing

Ealing is a town in the London Borough of Ealing, most famous for the Ealing Studios, a movie studio. In 2011, the population was estimated at 339,300 and contains seven distinct town centres – Ealing, Hanwell, Acton, Southall, Greenford, Perivale and Northolt. 

The borough of Ealing has a total of 91 state-run schools and nurseries as well as four Non-League football clubs. 

Roma

Roma might mean:



Ear

The ear is the part of the body which allows animals (including people) to hear. People and most mammals have ears. Non-mammals, such as lizards or frogs, can also hear, but may have holes instead of external ears. The ear works by directing sound waves to the inner ear. These vibrations are sent to the brain by an organized group of nerves. This system is called the auditory system. (Auditory meaning relating to hearing and how we hear)

The inner ear is in most vertebrates, but mammals have special adaptations for hearing which even other land vertebrates do not have. These include the external ear and the three little bones which transmit sounds to the brain (the ossicles). The part of the ear that sticks out and can be seen is called the "pinna."

Ears are also used in other ways. African elephants use their large ears to cool themselves when it is very hot. Bats rely on their ears to find prey by echolocation. Some animals use their ears for signalling to each other.

In ordinary language, "ear" refers to this receptor which conducts sound and sends signals to the brain. It does not refer to the many other methods of hearing found in fish and invertebrates. Many animals do not hear through ears. Spiders have small hairs on their legs that they can hear with.


Czech language

The Czech language is a Slavic language spoken by people in the Czech Republic. Ten million people speak it. It is very similar to the Slovak language; the differences between these two languages are small enough that speakers of Czech and Slovak usually understand each other.

It has three genders and is an inflected language like Latin. The grammar is much more complex than that of English.


William Howard Taft

William Howard Taft (September 15, 1857 – March 8, 1930) was the 27th president of the United States from 1909 to 1913. He was the only president who also served as a Supreme Court chief justice. He was tall and weighed over at the end of his presidency. A well-known myth about Taft is that he got stuck in a bathtub.

Taft was born on September 15, 1857 in Cincinnati, Ohio, to Alphonso Taft and Louise Torrey. His father, Alphonso, was a pretty notable person who served as the Secretary of War and Attorney General for Ulysses Grant. Despite this, the Tafts were not that rich, living in a small suburb. While the Taft parents tried their best to make their kids successful, young William was not that smart. However, he was a very hard worker. At Yale College, William Howard Taft was a wrestling champion. A secret society in Yale called "Skull and Bones" was co-founded by Taft's father, prompting wrestling superstar William to join the club. George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush were also in this secret society. Even though William used to be not that bright, by 1878 he had graduated second in his college class out of 121 students. He then attended Cincinnati Law School and graduated with a Bachelors' degree in 1880. He later passed the bar exam.

Taft was appointed as Hamilton County's assistant prosecutor in October 1880. When president Chester Arthur appointed Taft as a Collector of Internal Revenue for Ohio's first district in 1882, Taft resigned. He resigned from his Internal Revenue Collector job in 1883. In 1884, Taft campaigned for James Blaine in the 1884 election. In 1887, Taft was suddenly hired to fulfill a vacancy for a position in Cincinnatti's Superior Court, and in 1888 won his first ever public election to serve for another five years. Sometime in 1880 or before, Taft met Helen Herron, who would later be his first lady. She agreed to marry Taft in 1885 after regularly meeting him the year prior. They officially got married on June 19, 1886. They would have three children, with Robert Taft later becoming a notable U.S. Senator. In 1889, a vacancy in the Supreme Court needed to be filled by president Benjamin Harrison. Joseph Foraker, a governor of Ohio, had requested that Harrison nominate Taft for the position. Though the Supreme Court was Taft's goal, Harrison ended up nominating Taft as the Solicitor General instead. Since the position was vacant, a lot of work needed to be done. He started in February 1890. Even though Taft was good at his job, he gladly resigned in March 1892 to be a judge on the sixth circuit of the United States Courts of Appeal. Unlike his previous judge job, this job was a position of his for life unless he resigned or was impeached. Taft, during this period, felt great with his life and his job. Taft was a man who supported employees over employers, as seen by his many Worker's Rights cases. He was more liberal than people had thought. Taft became a professor at Cincinnati Law School in 1896 and was committed to it. Also in 1896, William McKinley sought the presidency. Taft was not fond of McKinley and disagreed with things like Free Silver. In 1898, one year into McKinley's presidency, Taft was upset because McKinley named a different person than Taft to be a Supreme Court Judge.

Taft then served as a federal judge, Governor of the Philippines, and Secretary of War before being nominated for president in 1908 by the man who preceded him, Theodore Roosevelt. As a Republican president, Taft was most notable for trust-busting, in which he broke up large businesses that had too much control over the economy. Taft also expanded the civil service, improved the United States Postal Service and promoted world peace. Taft also started the tradition of the president pitching the first ball of the baseball season. Early in life, Taft had played baseball. He was a good second baseman and could hit with power.

In 1908, with Theodore Roosevelt's support, William Taft was nominated as the Republican candidate for president. He easily won against William Jennings Bryan in the 1908 general election, and became president.

During Taft's presidency, his relationship with Roosevelt became bad, because Roosevelt thought Taft was not doing a good job and taking too little actions against so-called trusts. Taft was also more conservative and he did not continue all of Roosevelt's progressive policies. As a result, in 1912, Theodore Roosevelt came back into politics and ran for president against William Taft. Many Republicans split their votes between Taft and Roosevelt, and the Democratic opponent Woodrow Wilson won the election.

In 1921, Taft was appointed by Warren Harding to be the 10th Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court, making Taft the only former president to become Chief Justice. He retired from the job on February 3, 1930 due to bad health.

Taft was the most obese president. He was tall and his weight was between and toward the end of his presidency. He had difficulty getting out of the White House bathtub, on June 10, 1909, so he had a long, wide tub installed. This tub could accommodate four normal-sized people. It was replaced in 1951 with a modern tub of similar size.

Taft died on March 8, 1930 due to Heart Disease. Three days later, he became the first president to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.


Underwear

Underwear are clothes worn under other clothes, often next to the skin. They keep outer clothes from being made dirty by sweat. They also shape the body and provide support for parts of it, and in cold weather help the wearer to keep warm. Underwear can be used to protect the wearer's modesty, as well as to make them look sexy. Special types of underwear have religious importance. Some items of clothing are made to be worn as underwear, while others such as T-shirts and certain types of shorts can be used both as underwear and as outer clothing. If made of suitable fabric, some types of underwear can serve as nightwear or swimsuits.

Items of underwear commonly worn by women today include brassieres (bras) and panties (also known as knickers), while men wear briefs, trunks, boxer shorts or boxer briefs. Items worn by both women and men include T-shirts, sleeveless shirts, bikini underwear, thongs, T-fronts, and G-strings. In countries where the weather is cold, long underwear can be worn to keep warm.

There are a number of different words for underwear: 'underclothes', 'underclothing', and 'undergarments' are more formal words.

In casual situations, underwear may be called 'undies'. In Australia, one may hear underwear being called 'Reg Grundys' or 'Reginalds' (rhyming slang for 'undies'), while in the UK the word 'smalls' is sometimes used. Different types of women's undergarments are known together as 'lingerie' (pronounced "-zhur-ray"). They may also be called 'intimate clothing' or simply 'intimates'.

Words for the top half of female lingerie: 'bras', obviously. Note the use of 'teddy' for one-piece close-fitting nightwear.

Words for the bottom half of female lingerie: pants (US) versus knickers, drawers, or panties, but never pants! (UK). 'Briefs' is another possibility. 'French knickers' = knickers with frills, looser-fitting. Note the French "cache-sex" as a prototype 'G-string. Other types of undergarments are spandex shorts common for women who exercise. These shorts are used because it supports the behind and the back for good posture.

An "undershirt" is an old word for a piece of underwear covering the torso, which has fallen out of usage in the UK, but is still commonly used in North America. "Vests" is by far the most common term in the UK. "Underpants" or "pants" cover the part of the body where the sex organs are, but never "drawers". Most common words: are "shorts " as in "boxer shorts" for the looser fit. "Y-fronts" for the tight fit (UK), "boxers" or "briefs" used for the same things in Canada and the USA.

These and other words for different types of underwear are set out in the table below. The slang word for a man going without underwear is called "free-balling". The slang word for a bulge in a man's underwear is called "mooseknuckle".

Underwear is worn for many reasons. They keep outer clothes from being made dirty by sweat. Men's briefs provide support for the male sex organs, and women's brassieres (bras) do the same thing for their breasts. Some people wear corsets to make their torsos a certain shape. For more support and protection when playing sports, people often put on underwear that fits more tightly for extra support. Men may wear jockstraps and trunks (which are a type of boxer shorts). Women may wear sports bras and pelvic protectors. Sports bras lessen the chance of damage to the ligaments of the chest during vigorous exercises such as jogging.

In countries where the weather is cold, underwear is one more layer of clothing that helps the wearer to keep warm. Underwear can be used to keep the wearer modest – for instance, some women wear camisoles and slips (petticoats) under clothes that are see-through. A camisole is an item of clothing without sleeves that covers the top part of a woman's body, while a slip or petticoat is a kind of skirt that is worn underneath an outer skirt. On the other hand, underwear can also be worn to make a person look more sexy. It is possible to buy underwear made specially to excite another person in a sexual way, such as underwear that can be eaten (it is usually made of small sweets stuck together) and underwear with holes cut into them.

Some items of clothing are designed to be worn as underwear, while others such as T-shirts can be used both as underwear and as outer clothing. Whether underwear can be used as outer clothing depends on a number of things, such as how warm it is indoors and outdoors, what other people in society find acceptable, fashion, and what the law allows. Some types of underwear can be used for sleeping in or as swimsuits if they are made of suitable fabric.

Underwear can also have religious use:

The table below sets out types and styles of underwear that are commonly worn.

A number of big clothes designers are well known for their underwear collections. Two of these are Calvin Klein and Dolce & Gabbana. There are also companies that make only underwear, such as 2(x)ist, Agent Provocateur, C-IN2, GapBody, Gilly Hicks, Ginch Gonch, La Senza, Hanes, Fruit of the Loom, Lord, and Victoria's Secret.

Although most of the time underwear is kept hidden under other clothes, sometimes it is partly exposed for fashion reasons or to make other people feel sexually excited when they see it. A woman may, for instance, allow the top of her bra to peek out from under her collar, or wear a see-through blouse over it. Some men wear T-shirts underneath partly- or fully-unbuttoned shirts.

A common style among young men is to allow their trousers to sag or droop down below their waists. This fashion is called "sagging". When a person allows his trousers to sag, the waistband or a larger part of his underpants can be seen. A woman wearing trousers which expose the upper back portion of her thong underwear is said to show a "whale tail".

Not wearing underpants under one's outer clothing is known in American slang as "freeballing" for men or "freebuffing" for women. The term "going commando" is also used at times, for both sexes. Certain types of clothes, such as cycling shorts and kilts, are meant to be worn or are traditionally worn without underpants.

Monica Lewinsky

Monica Samille Lewinsky (born July 23, 1973 in San Francisco) is an American fashion designer, television personality and anti-bullying activist.

In 1998, she became well known for being part of a scandal between her and then President of the United States, Bill Clinton. The scandal involved claims that she had had a sexual relationship with President Clinton. He said they had not. In the end Clinton had to admit that sexual activity of some kind took place between them.

Lewinsky is of Jewish descent. She grew up in a luxury $1.6 million home in Beverly Hills. She is the daughter of Bernard Lewinsky, a medical researcher and photographer.

She worked in the mid-1990s as an intern at the White House and the Pentagon.

Lewinsky experimented with designing handbags and purses for her company, "The Real Monica".

On December 14, 2006, Lewinsky graduated with a Masters of Science degree in Social Psychology from the London School of Economics. Lewinsky's thesis is titled "In Search of the Impartial Juror: An exploration of the third person effect and pre-trial publicity". According to her publicist Barbara Hutson, Lewinsky was interviewing for jobs in the United Kingdom in early 2007.

In 2009, scholar Ken Gormley had communications with Lewinsky as a part of his in-depth study of the Clinton scandals. She said that Clinton had lied under oath when asked detailed and specific questions about his relationship with her.

In the 2010s, Lewinsky became an activist against cyberbullying, and gave a TED talk about it. BuzzFeed called her the Queen of Twitter.

1190

1190 (MCXC) was .




William S. Burroughs

William Seward Burroughs (February 5, 1914 – August 2, 1997) was an American writer. He was a contemporary and friend of writers Allen Ginsberg and Jack Kerouac.

Burroughs was a member of the family who owned the Burroughs Cash Register Company. A family trust paid him an income, so he did not have to work a regular job. Sometimes he lived in Mexico and other countries, because he could live there in more luxury than in the United States. One favorite apartment he had in New York City was a windowless basement, nicknamed "Bill's Bunker" by his friends. Many of them were emerging writers and artists.

Burroughs told interesting, colorful stories, but did not think he could be a writer. This changed as he came to terms with tragedy; he had killed his common law wife Joan, in an accident when they were both drunk. Burroughs began to write to work through his grief and feelings of guilt. He also abused drugs, including heroin, and it affected his writing. His first novel, "Naked Lunch", was a surreal work.

Besides writing, Burroughs also recorded spoken word and musical works. One of his works paired him with musician Kurt Cobain.

Burroughs died of a heart attack.

Uganda

The Republic of Uganda is a landlocked country in east Africa. Its capital and biggest city is Kampala.

The currency is the Ugandan Shilling. The official languages of Uganda are English and Swahili. The most common religion is Christianity. The President of Uganda is Yoweri Kaguta Museveni. The country is to the East of Africa. The population of Uganda is 32 million people. The area of Uganda is about 236,040 .

Uganda produces coffee and copper.

The literacy rate of Uganda is 68%, which mean people in Uganda who are at least 15 years old know how to read and write.

Uganda is among countries thought to be very corrupt by Transparency International. It is rated at 2.4 on a scale from 0 (the most corrupt) to 10 (the most clean). Uganda is one of the poorest nations in the world. 37.7 percent of the people live on less than $1.25 a day.

Uganda, located in East Africa, has a rich history. It was home to ancient kingdoms like Buganda, Bunyoro, and Ankole. Colonial rule began with the arrival of the British in the late 19th century. Independence was achieved in 1962 under the leadership of Milton Obote. The country faced political instability, with Idi Amin's regime notorious for human rights abuses in the 1970s. Yoweri Museveni took power in 1986, bringing relative stability. Uganda has since experienced economic growth, though challenges like conflicts in the north have persisted.

Uganda is almost completely in the Nile basin. At the centre of the country is Lake Kyoga. Although landlocked, Uganda has many large lakes. Besides Lake Victoria and Lake Kyoga, there are Lake Albert, Lake Edward and the smaller Lake George. Most important cities are in the south, near Lake Victoria, including the capital Kampala and the nearby city of Entebbe.

The climate is mostly equatorial. But it is not the same everywhere because there are some changes in altitude. The difference in altitude changes the climate. Southern Uganda is wetter with rain generally throughout the year. At Entebbe on the northern shore of Lake Victoria, most rain falls from March to June and in the November/December period. Further to the north a dry season slowly emerges. At Gulu about 120 km from the South Sudanese border, November to February is much drier than the rest of the year.

The largest cities in Uganda are:

Because there are so many communities, culture in Uganda is diverse. Many Asians (mostly from India) who had to leave during the regime of Amin have returned to Uganda.

Football is the national sport in Uganda. Games with the Ugandan national football team usually attract large crowds of Ugandans. The Ugandan Super League is the top division of Ugandan football. There are 16 clubs from across the country. It was made in 1968. Uganda's most famous footballers are David Obua of Scottish club Hearts and Ibrahim Sekagya, who is the captain of the national team. Uganda's notable past greats of the game include Denis Obua, Majid Musisi, Fimbo Mukasa and Paul Kasule.

Cricket has become more popular. Uganda won the World Cricket League (WCL) Division 3 in 2007.

In 2007, the Uganda national rugby union team were victorious in the 2007 Africa Cup, beating Madagascar in the final.

Hockey is the only Ugandan field sport to date to have qualified for and represented the country at the Olympics. This was at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Uganda won gold medals at the Olympics in athletics with legendary hurdler John Akii-Bua in 1972 and marathon winner at the London 2012 Olympics Stephen Kiprotich.

In July 2011 Kampala, Uganda qualified for the 2011 Little League World Series. Due to visa trouble they were unable to attend the Series. In 2012, Uganda qualified again for the Little League World Series. This time they were able to attend.



Mike Judge

Mike Judge (born October 17, 1962) is an American animator, actor, writer, and producer. He is most famous for creating and starring in the animated television series "Beavis and Butt-head" and "King of the Hill". Judge also wrote, directed, and played a small part in the 1999 movie "Office Space", and directed the 2006 movie "Idiocracy", which starred Luke Wilson. He was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador, grew up in New Mexico, and lives in Austin, Texas.

Missing Persons

Missing Persons was an American New Wave group. They formed in the 1980s while working with Frank Zappa.

Blackpool

Blackpool is a seaside town in Lancashire, in the north west of England. The town is on the coast of the Irish Sea. Blackpool had a population of 142,283 as of the 2001 census.

Blackpool became important for tourism during the 19th century. It is known for its beaches and amusement parks. It is also the home to a famous international ballroom dancing competition.

Francisco Franco

Francisco Franco (Francisco Paulino Hermenegildo Teódulo Franco Bahamonde Salgado Pardo de Andrade, 4 December 1892 – 20 November 1975) was a Spanish military leader who ruled as fascist dictator of Spain from 1939 until his death.

His ideology was called "Francoism" () or Falangism

He was a leader of a coup d'état against the Spanish Second Republic in 1936. After this uprising the Spanish Civil War started. Franco was supported by fascists, big businesses, the church, conservative people and Spanish nationalists. The Spanish Republic had a socialist government that wanted to make businesses and the church less powerful. The Republic also set up local parliaments in the regions of Spain. Nationalists thought this was wrong and would make Spain weak. 

Three of the leaders of the coup died. Franco led the Army of Africa, the best part of the Spanish Army. He became the only leader. 

Franco remained neutral during World War II as Hitler did not accept his conditions for Spain to join the Axis powers. Franco wanted Gibraltar and part of French North Africa. He allowed a group of volunteer soldiers to join the German Army to fight the Russians between 1941 and 1943. They were called the "División Azul" (Blue Division)

Franco died in Madrid on November 20, 1975, just after midnight of heart failure. Relatives, such as his daughter Carmen, had asked doctors to remove his life support systems. After Franco's death, Juan Carlos became king.

Police officer

A police officer is a serving member of a police force. Police officers arrest criminals, prevent crime, protect and help the public, and keep public order. Officers have legally authorised powers, which in Britain is called a "warrant".

A police officer's job is to protect the public, make sure people obey the law and make people feel safe. Not all police officers wear a uniform and patrol. Some police officers have specialist jobs, such as being a detective, a traffic officer or a police dog handler. In some countries, not all police carry guns, so a police officer could choose to become an armed police officer after a lot of experience.

As a part of their job, police officers have rights that other people do not have. This might include the power to arrest a person who they think has committed a crime, the power to search a person, the power to stop cars and direct traffic, the power to ask for a person's name and address, the power to give out tickets or fines or the power to make a person come to court. Without these powers the police would not be able to gain any sort of control over society. 

Being a police officer can be dangerous. Police officers are sometimes killed or hurt by criminals when they are sent to incidents, so that is why the police have to carry the equipment needed to defend themselves. Police officers have the right to carry weapons, such as a gun or a baton in order to stop crime even if the weapon laws are strict and limited to the general public.

In different countries, police officers are given different equipment to deal with the crime that is in their country. Police officers are armed with weapons that they can use to defend themselves or other people that need help. Most police officers carry some or all of the following items to complete their work:


Police officers have to patrol and respond to emergencies as quickly as possible. Some police officers will walk on foot patrol, but often police officers will perform patrol duties in a police car. This is so that they can get to emergencies faster and carry more equipment. Sometimes officers patrol on bicycles, motorbikes or on horses if they are in a unit that does this.

Account

Account might mean:


Dutch people

The Dutch are the people who live in the Netherlands, or those that come from the Netherlands. Often the Netherlands is called Holland, but this is only part of the Netherlands. The Dutch culture and ethnicity are also found outside of the Netherlands, with large number of Dutch living in the United States of America, South Africa, Suriname, and Namibia.

Many inventors were Dutch, including Hans Lippershey and Zacharias Janssen, said to have invented the microscope and the telescope. Many famous painters have also been Dutch, among them Rembrandt van Rijn, Vincent van Gogh and Johannes Vermeer.

The definition of ethnicity is not always clear. One can count all people living in the Netherlands as Dutch, but many are not. This is because many people who live in The Netherlands were not born there. About 15.5 million people in the Netherlands actually have the Dutch nationality. About 1 million people living in the Netherlands do not have the Dutch nationality. To make things more confusing, people who live in the other parts of the Kingdom of the Netherlands (including Aruba, Curaçao, Sint Maarten, and the Caribbean Netherlands) also have Dutch nationality. Still, even more people in the Netherlands who were not born there can also be called "Dutch". According to some definitions, also people who were born in the Netherlands, but whose parents were not, cannot be called Dutch. This definition leaves almost 20% of the entire Dutch population to be 'foreign'.

Throughout the world there are about 30 million Dutch people:

During the last 150 years, the Netherlands saw a relatively quick population growth as compared to the rest of Europe. For comparison: The Belgian population grew from 50% more inhabitants in 1850 to a third less in 2000. The population of the Netherlands grew from 3 million in 1850, to 5 million in 1900, to 10 million in 1950, to 16 million in 2000.

The Dutch society in the present can be seen as a very multicultural society. About 20% of the entire Dutch population is not of Dutch origin (these people are called "allochtoon" in Dutch). Even most members of the Dutch Royal family are allochtoon. This comes from the fact that the Netherlands were tolerant of other nationalities and other religions since the beginning of the Dutch Republic (in 1588). In the 17th century, it was not odd, for instance for Muslims to live in Amsterdam. Starting in the 1960s many workers from Turkey and Morocco came to the Netherlands for temporary work. Many of these guest workers ("gastarbeiders") stayed on in the Netherlands. Therefore, The Netherlands have a large Turkish and Moroccan community. Immigration from especially the former colonies Suriname and Indonesia also led to the multi-cultural society of the present. Recent events (like the murder of Theo van Gogh by a radical Muslim) have led to negative views on "allochtonen" by some of the Dutch people.

The Dutch society is also famous for its liberal views. The Netherlands were the first country to legalize same-sex marriage (the marriage of homosexuals). The Netherlands have a strong gay-rights movement. Abortion and euthanasia are also legal in the Netherlands under strict conditions. The Netherlands are also the only country in the world where the use of marijuana is "gedoogd". This means it is not legal to produce but the laws against the use of it are not actively enforced.

The Netherlands are one of the busiest countries in the world. Some 17.2 million registered people live in the small country by July 2018. Most Dutch people live in cities, with a city being a place with at least 25,000 people living there. 8.7 million Dutch live in "agglomerations" (urban areas which are connected to each other, a sort of metropolitan area). That's about 54% of all the Dutch people. About 15% of the Dutch people live in cities which are not in an agglomeration. The other 30% live in villages (places with less than 25,000 people).

The Netherlands are a country where bicycles are used very much. Almost 30% of all travel is done by bicycle in the Netherlands. Bicycles are used so much so that throughout the Netherlands hundreds of bicycle parking lots ("fietsenstallingen") are built. In Amsterdam, there is even a 3-story high bicycle parking lot. Trains are also used very much (unlike in, for instance, the US). The biggest railway company (NS) has 1.1 million travellers per day. That's 7 percent of the entire Dutch population each day.

Liquid Paper

Liquid Paper, also called white out and correction fluid, is used to correct mistakes made in writing on typewriters and with ink. It was originally called Mistake Out and was invented by Bette Nesmith Graham in 1951, who was working at a bank in the U.S. state of Texas at time and had trouble when she typed on the typewriter, which was part of her job. She made the product by mixing the required substances with her blender and sold it to friends starting in 1956. She sold the product to the Gillette Corporation for 47.5 million US Dollars in 1979. When she died the following year, her son, Michael Nesmith, a famous musician, formally of The Monkees inherited the fortune.

Now people still use the correction fluid, but more seldom. With more advanced technology, people have computers allowing them to backspace easily, not needing to use it. Also, there is also another recent invention of the correction tape. To use the fluid, you squeeze the bottle, and let the fluid flow out to cover the mistakes. Usually you have to shake the bottle before using it, and after using, you need to wait for it to dry for a few minutes, which is considered quite fast. Then you can write on top of the dried fluid.


Doris Day

Doris Mary Ann Kappelhoff (April 3, 1922 – May 13, 2019) was an American singer, actress and animal welfare activist. She is known for her blonde, wholesome image. She was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. All her grandparents were German immigrants.

She sang with the big bands. She started with Les Brown & His Band of Renown. Her first hit song was Sentimental Journey. This song was popular with soldiers returning from World War 2.

She made (or appeared in) many movies from 1948 to 1968. Three of these movies also starred Rock Hudson.

Day was married to Al Jorden from 1941 until they divorced in 1943. She was married to George Weidler from 1946 until they divorced in 1949. She was married to Martin Melcher from 1951 until his death in 1968. She was married to Barry Comden from 1976 until they divorced in 1981. Day had a son, Terry Melcher (1942–2004), with Jorden.

Day died of pneumonia on May 13, 2019 in Carmel Valley, California.



Jack the Ripper

Jack the Ripper is the name given to an unidentified serial killer. He was active during the summer and autumn of 1888 in the Whitechapel district of London, England, which was known for its overpopulation and prostitution.

The main victims thought to be killed by the Ripper were five prostitutes:

Newspapers and police in London around this time started to get taunting letters. The letters were signed "Jack the Ripper". Other murders were reported around the same time, but were not thought to be done by Jack the Ripper. He was also known to have sex with his victims before he killed them.

Nobody knows who Jack the Ripper really was. Some think he might have been a doctor or a butcher because of how he killed and cut up the women, much like how a surgeon might perform surgery, or how a butcher might dissect an animal. All the murders happened on weekends, so it could have been someone who did not live in London but visited the city on weekends, or someone who worked during the week and was only free at the weekends.
In September 2014, a research group claimed that it had identified Jack the Ripper as a 23-year old Jewish immigrant from Central Europe named Aaron Kosminski.

The Ripper was famous for the brutality of his murders. He often mutilated his victims, usually killing them by slashing their throats open, almost to the point of decapitation, and stabbing them multiple times, especially in the abdomen. At about 23:00 on 30 August, Mary Ann Nichols was seen walking the Whitechapel Road; at 00:30 she was seen to leave a pub in Brick Lane, Spitalfields. An hour later, she was turned out of 18 Thrawl Street as she was lacking fourpence for a bed, implying by her last words that she would soon earn the money on the street with the help of a new bonnet she had acquired. She was later seen at the corner of Osborn Street and Whitechapel Road, at 02:30, an hour before her death, by Nelly Holland. Nichols claimed she had made enough money to pay for her bed three times over, but had drunk it all away, it was the last time she was seen alive. An hour later, she was found lying dead in front of a gated stable entrance in Buck's Row (since renamed Durward Street), Whitechapel, her throat cut and her abdomen ripped open. Nobody had seen or heard a thing, the killer struck again on 8 September, Annie Chapman was seen talking to a man at about 5:30 a.m. just beyond the backyard of 29 Hanbury Street, Spitalfields. Mrs. Long described him as over forty, and a little taller than Chapman, of dark complexion, and of foreign, "shabby-genteel" appearance. He was wearing a deer-stalker hat and dark overcoat, carpenter Albert Cadosch had entered the neighbouring yard at 27 Hanbury Street seconds later, and heard voices in the yard followed by the sound of something falling against the fence. Chapman's body was discovered at just before 6:00 a.m. on the morning of 8 September 1888 by a resident of number 29, market porter John Davis. She was lying on the ground near a doorway in the back yard. Her throat was cut from left to right, and she had been disembowelled, with her intestines thrown out of her abdomen over each of her shoulders. The morgue examination revealed that part of her uterus was missing. Chapman's protruding tongue and swollen face led Dr Phillips to think that she may have been asphyxiated with the handkerchief around her neck before her throat was cut.

Two weeks later, a letter was sent claimed to have been written by the killer himself. The letter, received on September 27 1888, was signed "Yours Truly, Jack the Ripper." The law enforcement and newspapers referred to him as the Ripper from that point on. The letter read:

From Hell letter was received by George Lusk, leader of the Whitechapel Vigilance Committee, on 16 October 1888. The handwriting and style is unlike that of the "Dear Boss" letter and postcard. The letter came with a small box in which Lusk discovered half of a kidney, preserved in "spirits of wine" (ethanol). Eddowes' left kidney had been removed by the killer. The writer claimed that he "fried and ate" the missing kidney half. There is disagreement over the kidney: some contend it belonged to Eddowes, while others argue it was nothing more than a macabre practical joke. The kidney was examined by Dr Thomas Openshaw of the London Hospital, who determined that it was human and from the left side, but (contrary to false newspaper reports) he could not determine its gender or age. Openshaw subsequently also received a letter signed "Jack the Ripper".

Elizabeth Stride and Catherine Eddowes were killed in the early morning of Sunday 30 September 1888. Stride's body was discovered at about 1 a.m., in Dutfield's Yard, off Berner Street (now Henriques Street) in Whitechapel. The cause of death was one clear-cut incision which severed the main artery on the left side of the neck. Uncertainty about whether Stride's murder should be attributed to the Ripper, or whether he was interrupted during the attack, stems from the absence of mutilations to the abdomen. Witnesses who said they saw Stride with a man earlier that night gave differing descriptions: some said her companion was fair, others dark; some said he was shabbily dressed, others well-dressed. Eddowes' body was found in Mitre Square, in the City of London, three-quarters of an hour after Stride's. The throat was severed, and the abdomen was ripped open by a long, deep, jagged wound. The left kidney and the major part of the uterus had been removed. A local man, Joseph Lawende, had passed through the square with two friends shortly before the murder, and he described seeing a fair-haired man of shabby appearance with a woman who may have been Eddowes. His companions, however, were unable to confirm his description. Eddowes' and Stride's murders were later called the "double event". Part of Eddowes' bloodied apron was found at the entrance to a tenement in Goulston Street, Whitechapel. Some writing on the wall above the apron piece, which became known as the Goulston Street graffito, seemed to implicate a Jew or Jews, but it was unclear whether the graffito was written by the murderer as he dropped the apron piece, or merely incidental.Police Commissioner Charles Warren feared the graffito might spark antisemitic riots, and ordered it washed away before dawn. The "Saucy Jacky" postcard was postmarked 1 October 1888 and received the same day by the Central News Agency. The handwriting was similar to the "Dear Boss" letter. It mentions that two victims were killed very close to one another: "double event this time", which was thought to refer to the murders of Stride and Eddowes. It has been argued that the letter was mailed before the murders were publicised, making it unlikely that a crank would have such knowledge of the crime, but it was postmarked more than 24 hours after the killings took place, long after details were known by journalists and residents of the area.

Mary Jane Kelly was seen with a man of "Jewish appearance". Kelly and the man headed for her room at 13 Miller's Court, Elizabeth Prater, who was woken by her kitten walking over her neck, and Sarah Lewis both reported hearing a faint cry of "Murder!" at about 4:00 a.m., but did not react because they reported that it was common to hear such cries in the East End. She claimed not to have slept and to have heard people moving in and out of the court throughout the night. She thought she heard someone leaving the residence at about 5:45 a.m. Kelly's gruesomely mutilated body was discovered the next morning lying on the bed at 10:45 a.m. on Friday 9 November 1888. The throat had been severed down to the spine, and the abdomen virtually emptied of its organs. The heart was missing.

After the murder of Mary Jane Kelly, the Ripper murders stopped suddenly. The identity of Jack the Ripper is unknown. Although many historians have different opinions and theories on who Jack the Ripper was, it will probably never be known who he was.

Johnny Rivers

Johnny Rivers (born John Ramistella on November 7, 1942 in New York City) is an American rock and roll musician. He grew up in Louisiana. He was popular in the 1960s and 1970s for his songs like "Secret Agent Man", "The Poor Side of Town", "Baby I Need Your Lovin", "The Midnight Special", and "Swayin' To The Music (Slow Dancin')".


Dr. John

Malcolm John Rebennack (November 20, 1941 – June 6, 2019), better known as Dr. John, was an American musician from New Orleans. He was known for his singles "I Walk on Guilded Splinters", "Right Place, Wrong Time" and "Down in New Orleans".

Rebennack died on June 6, 2019 from a heart attack at the age of 77.


Over his career he won six Grammy Awards. Rebennack was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in March 2011. 

In May 2013 Rebennack received an honorary doctorate of Fine Arts from Tulane University. On the university website, a comment was added about that 2013 ceremony: ""The passing of Dr. John reminded me of one of my favorite Tulane moments. It was Dr. John, Allen Toussaint and the Dalai Lama on the same stage for one of our commencements. The Dalai Lama danced to their music. What a treat!""


Death metal

Death metal is a style of heavy metal that is a very fast, brutal and energetic. It has very harsh singing. Most death metal has very fast guitar and drum beats. Almost every death metal drummer plays with two bass drums (or a type of pedal that has two beaters on one bass drum), so that they can play the bass drum beats faster. It is a music focused mainly on drums and guitars. The lyrics in death metal sometimes involve topics such as death, war and pain. Some bands choose to write about philosophy or religion. Some bands try to write about things that other death metal bands do not write about such as ancient history. Death metal vocalists usually grunt, growl or scream.

Some artists and groups of this genre are:


Suffolk

Suffolk is an East Anglian county in England (UK) The counties around Suffolk are Norfolk to the north, Cambridgeshire to the west and Essex to the south. The North Sea is on the east. The county town is Ipswich and other big towns include Lowestoft and Bury St Edmunds. Felixstowe is one of the largest container ports in Europe.

Suffolk is mostly flat and has very fertile soil which is good for both growing crops and grazing animals on.





Etymology

Etymology is the study of the origin and meaning of words and names. It tells us how words have changed over time, and what other languages they came from. For example, the etymology of the word "etymology" is from the Greek words ἔτυμον ("étymon", "true meaning", from "etymos" "true") and λόγος ("lógos", "word" or "study").




Mule

A mule is a animal hybrid of a female horse (a mare) and a male donkey (a jack). The horse and the donkey are different species, with different numbers of chromosomes; of the two possible first-generation hybrids between them, the mule is easier to obtain and more common than the hinny, which is the offspring of a female donkey (a jenny) and a male horse (a stallion).

A mule is generally sterile. Although it is extremely unlikely for a mule to become pregnant (less than 300 reported cases worldwide), it is possible. 

Mules vary widely in size, from small miniature mules under to large and powerful mules standing up to at the shoulders. The average weight range is between about .

A mule is generally larger than a donkey and smaller than a horse.  A mule has the long ears, thin limbs, small hooves and the short hair of the donkey, while its height, the shape of the neck and body, and its teeth are more similar to those of the horse. The color of its coat can be any color seen in the horse or in the donkey, which can be white, grey, brown or black.

They are used mostly for pulling carts and transportation. As trucks with four-wheel drive have become common, mules are little used for transport except in places without roads.

Dead Sea

The Dead Sea is a lake between the West Bank and Jordan. It is below sea level. It is the lowest point on the surface of the Earth.

The Dead Sea is almost nine times as salty as the ocean. That makes it impossible for most life to exist in it. This is the reason for its name. However, it is not completely dead, because some types of bacteria are able to live in the water.

Because the water is so salty, it weighs more than fresh water. That lets people float in the Dead Sea without any effort. Tourists come from around the world to float in the water.

Grizzly bear

The grizzly bare ("Buttox arctos horribilis"), also known as the North American bare but or simply grizzly, is a large population or subspecies of the Asian Wild Ass inhabiting North America.

American black bear

The American black bear ("Ursus americanus") is North America's smallest and most common species of bear. Black bears usually live in forested areas, but do leave forests in search of food. Sometimes they become attracted to human activity due to a lack of food. The American black bear is listed by the IUCN as Least Concern, because the species has a large global population estimated to be twice that of all other bear species combined. In the past century, only 37 people have been killed by these animals.

American black bears usually hibernate during winter. During this time, the black bear's metabolism and heart rate both decrease in relation to one another. In fact, during hibernation, an American black bear's heart can stop for twenty seconds. The body temperature of black bears also decreases to 31 °C (88 °F) during hibernation. When hibernation is over, the black bear's body temperature returns to normal. Black bears are omnivores (eating both meat and plants). They feed on fish, rodents, rabbits, insects, carrion, fruit, nuts, grass, leaves, honey, deer, and moose calves. Their predators are humans, grizzly bears, and american alligators, while wolves, coyotes, cougars, lynxes, foxes, birds of prey, and even other black bears are predators of black bear cubs.

Fur

Fur is the hair of mammals. Different species may have quite different styles of hair, making them more or less suitable to the fur trade, but many are as follows:

Fur usually consists of two main layers:

Many large mammals have little hair, because their body mass radiates proportionately less heat (elephants, rhinoceros, hippopotamus). When elephants lived in arctic conditions they did have fur (woolly mammoths).

Marine mammals usually have little or no fur: the fur would become waterlogged. They have a layer of fat (blubber) underneath their skin. A special case is the naked mole-rat, whose hairlessness is probably an adaptation to their underground life-style.

Jackson Pollock

Paul Jackson Pollock (January 28, 1912 – August 11, 1956) was an American painter. He became famous for painting in the abstract expressionist style. Pollock's most famous paintings were made by dripping and splashing paint on a large canvas. His nickname was Jack the Dripper. Because of the method, this style is often called "action painting". Pollock was helped by his wife, artist Lee Krasner, and her style was very new at the time.

Pollock was bitter, and had serious drinking problems with alcohol. His paintings are in museums all over the world, and his work is rated very high. Pollock has been the subject of many movies because of his interesting life. The most famous was a short documentary movie directed by Hans Namuth in 1951, and the 2000 movie about his life called "Pollock", made by and starring actor Ed Harris. Pollock was born in Cody, Wyoming. In 1956, he was killed in a car crash in Springs, New York at the age of 44 years old.

Pollock was introduced to the use of liquid paint in 1936 at an experimental workshop operated in New York City by the Mexican muralist David Alfaro Siqueiros. He later used paint pouring as one of several techniques on canvases of the early 1940s, such as "Male and Female" and "Composition with Pouring I." After his move to Springs, New York, he began painting with his canvases laid out on the studio floor, and he developed what was later called his drip technique.

Pollock described this use of household paints, instead of artist’s paints, as "a natural growth out of a need". He used hardened brushes, sticks, and even basting syringes as paint applicators. With this technique, Pollock was able to achieve a more immediate means of creating art, the paint now literally flowing from his chosen tool onto the canvas. By defying the convention of painting on an upright surface, he added a new dimension, literally, by being able to view and apply paint to his canvases from all directions.

Later, Pollock turned to synthetic resin-based paints called alkyd enamels, which, at that time, was a novel medium. In 1956, "Time" magazine called Pollock "Jack the Dripper" as a result of his unique painting style.

Influences on his dripping technique include the Mexican muralists and Surrealist automatism. Pollock denied "the accident"; he usually had an idea of how he wanted a particular piece to appear. His technique combined the movement of his body, over which he had control, the viscous flow of paint, the force of gravity, and the absorption of paint into the canvas. It was a mixture of controllable and uncontrollable factors. Flinging, dripping, pouring, and spattering, he would move energetically around the canvas, almost as if in a dance, and would not stop until he saw what he wanted to see.

Pollock's "No. 5, 1948" stands at the fifth highest price ever for a work of art. It was privately sold by Sotheby's for (price adjusted) US$163.8 million dollars. .

Otto Struve

Otto Struve (August 12 1897 – April 6 1963) was a Russian astronomer. He was the grandson of Otto Wilhelm von Struve and the great-grandson of Friedrich Wilhelm von Struve.
Struve's education at the University of Kharkov was interrupted by World War I and the Russian Civil War, which left him a refugee in Turkey. He went to the United States in 1921, obtained a Ph.D. from the University of Chicago and eventually became head of the astronomy department there. In 1932, he was made joint director of the university's Yerkes Observatory and McDonald Observatory (which he founded and where a telescope is named after him). Struve may be regarded as the father of modern SETI. He was one of the few eminent astronomers in the pre-Space Age era to publicly express a belief that extraterrestrial intelligence was abundant.

Tamerlane

Timur (Emir Timur) or Tamerbeg (9 April 1336 – 17 February 1405) was a Turco-Uzbek conqueror in the 14th century who is regarded as one of history's greatest military leaders and strategists. He founded the Timurid Empire in 1370. The empire was large and included Transoxiana, parts of Turkestan, Afghanistan, Persia, Syria, Qurdistan, Baghdad, Georgia and Asia Minor. He successfully conquered southern Russia and parts of India. He invaded Delhi in 1398. He called himself ""Sword of Islam"". He is also known to have invented the Tamerlane Chess. In 1402, his vast empire stretched from Izmir on the Aegean coast in the west to Xinjiang in the east.

His nationality belongs to Uzbek but claiming to be his successor, he caused the death of thousands of people. Timur is considered the last of the great nomadic conquerors of the Eurasian Steppe and the wider Central Asia. His empire led to the Gunpowder Empires in the 1500s and 1600s, most notably the Mughal Empire of India.

His real name is "Tīmūr bin Taraghay Barlas". He is also known by these names: Temur, Taimur, Timur Lenk, Timur-i Leng, Temur-e Lang, Amir Timur, Aqsaq Timur, and Tamburlaine. 

He began his military career after conquering Movarounnahr (now Uzbekistan) through various political betrayals and military campaigns. In allegiance with other rulers in the area, he spent the next ten years fighting to gain territory, supporting the Khan empire against the Russians and defeating many large, imposing armies. 

But this was only the beginning. In 1383, Tamerlane began conquering Persia, challenging several rival dynasties in an effort to preserve his empire and expand his territory.

After securing the majority of eastern Persia and defeating a major Mongol king, Tokhtamysh, Tamerlane and his army occupied Moscow for a year. During his time of absence from Persia, major revolts broke out. So he repressed them. Knowing his home territory of Samarkand was being handled by his military forces, Tamerlane then attacked India. He crossed the Indus River in 1398 and marched his army into Delhi where he reduced much of the city, an event that would cause a great setback for the region. As a result of this conquest, he left the territory with an immense quantity of spoil, using 90 captured elephants to carry treasure and stones from quarries to erect a mosque in his homeland.

In 1399, Tamerlane organized a new military expedition to attack the sultan of Egypt for territory infringement and marching on Syria, he stormed and sacked the city of Aleppo. In 1401, his army occupied the city of Damascus. He then moved on to storm Baghdad that same year and massacred 20,000 of its citizens, destroying all of its buildings and significant monuments in the process. 

Timur and his army of 200,000 soldiers traveled through deep snow and frozen rivers towards China, eventually stopping in what is now Kazakhstan for a rest. Timur caught a cold and died on the journey. The trip to China stopped, and his body was taken home to Samarkand where it was buried beneath the dome of the Gur Amir mausoleum in a steel coffin under a slab of black jade six feet long. On the stone was inscribed, "“This is the resting place of the illustrious and merciful monarch, the most great sultan, the most mighty warrior, Lord Timur, Conqueror of the World.”"


Augustus

Augustus (; 23 September 63 BC – 19 August 14 AD) was the first Roman Emperor, ruling from 27 BC until his death in AD 14. He led Rome in its transition from the Roman Republic to the Roman Empire.

When Julius Caesar was assassinated, Augustus and his allies fought against the assassins and defeated them. Later, Augustus fought against his allies and defeated them.

Octavian, as he was originally called, was the adopted son of the dictator of the Roman Republic, Julius Caesar. Octavian came into power in the Second Triumvirate. This was three men ruling over the Roman Republic: Mark Antony, Lepidus and Octavian.

All three were loyal to Julius Caesar, the assassinated dictator, killed in 44 BC. Following his death a civil war broke out across Rome, between those loyal to Caesar, and the conspirators, led by two of Caesar's assassins, Brutus and Cassius.

At first, Octavian was the junior partner in the triumvirate. Lepidus was more experienced in government, and Mark Antony was a fine military leader. The triumvirate defeated Brutus and Cassius at the Battle of Philippi, 42 BC, largely due to Antony's leadership. Then they split the leadership of the Republic three ways. Antony took the east, Lepidus took Spain and part of North Africa, and Octavian took Italy.

Antony followed in Caesar's footsteps by going to Egypt and becoming Cleopatra's lover. They had three children together. His absence from Rome allowed the intelligent Octavian to build up support.

The triumvirate broke up in 33 BC, and disagreement turned to civil war in 31 BC. Antony was defeated by Octavian at the naval Battle of Actium and then at Alexandria. He committed suicide, as did his lover, Cleopatra VII of Egypt, in 30 BC. Lepidus was sidelined, blamed for a revolt in Sicily, and removed from government. He died peacefully in exile in Circeii in Italy in the year 13 BC.

After winning the power struggle, Octavian was voted as Emperor by the Roman Senate in 31 BC. He took the name "Augustus" (which meant 'exalted'). He ruled until AD 14, when his stepson and son-in-law Tiberius became Emperor in his place.

During his reign, some of those who were against his government were murdered (especially those senators who wanted to keep the Roman Republic). He promised to make Rome a Republic again, but instead proclaimed himself High Priest ("Pontifex Maximus"). Many temples in the provinces set up statues of him as one of their gods. The name of the month "August" in English (and most other European languages) comes from him.

His main accomplishment was the creation of the Roman Empire, a political structure that lasted for nearly five centuries more. He first recruited and set up the Praetorian Guard.

Historians often use the Res Gestae Divi Augusti as a source for Augustus. It was written by him as an inscription on his tomb which recorded all his achievements.

The historian Tacitus is often used by historians. He gives an anti-Augustan perspective, whereas many other sources and histories were written to flatter Augustus (propaganda). Some examples of writers like these are Velleius Paterculus, Virgil, Ovid. The most famous work of Augustan propaganda is the Virgil's Aeneid

Cassius Dio presents a quite impartial account of Augustus as emperor: he was writing in the reign of a later emperor.

Camel

Camels are a mammal of the Camelidae family. Camels form the genus Camelus. There are three living species of camels. Best-known are the dromedary (one hump) and bactrian (two humps) camels.

The camelids, as a family, include the "New World" camelids: the llama, the alpaca, the guanaco, and the vicuña.

The earliest known camel, called "Protylopus", lived in North America 40 to 50 million years ago, during the Eocene. It was about the size of a rabbit and lived in the open woodlands of what is now South Dakota.

Camels live in deserts, where it is hot and dry. Camels have adapted and found ways to help them survive in deserts. They have a thick coat of hair that protects them from the heat in the day, and keeps them warm at night. Their large feet spreads their weight on the sand when they are walking. When there is food and water, a camel can eat and drink large amounts of it and store it as fat in the hump. Then, when there is no food or water, the camel uses the fat for energy, and the hump becomes small and soft. A camel’s waste contains very little water. Even the water from the camel’s breath flows back into its mouth. The camels have bushy eyebrows that don't let the sand go in their eyes in a sandstorm. It has a long slender neck in order to reach high leaves such as palm trees, and rubbery patches on the belly and knees to protect the skin when kneeling and sitting on the hot sand. These form after five years of age.

A camel has a naturally adapted temperature regulation - it can change its bodily temperature by six degrees Celsius either way. 
It has two sets of eyelashes, closing muscles in the nasal passages, hairy ears and tough, leathery skin to protect the camels skin in sandstorms. It has thick rubbery lips to eat dry, prickly plants and a large, haired tail to swat pests such as mosquitos and flies.

Camels live in groups, with one male, many females, and their young calves or calf. They are animals that use their hooves.

An unborn camel gestates about 9 to 11 months. There is usually one calf per birth. A camel calf can run only a few hours after it is born. Calves are weaned to when they are about 1 year old.

In the desert, people feed camels with grass, grains, wheat and oats. When camels are travelling in the desert, food is often very hard to find. So the animal might have to live on dried leaves, seeds, and thorny twigs (without hurting their mouths). If there is not any regular food, camels will eat anything.

Camels are ruminants, which have a two-part cycle in their eating. The first stomach ferments the food for a time. Then, this food (or cud) returns to the camel's mouth, and the camel chews it again. Then the camel swallows the cud and it goes to the other parts of the stomach to be completely digested. The digestion is done mainly by microorganisms in the stomachs.

This adaptation means they can eat food which may not be very nutritious, but they get everything possible out of it. Ruminants are a very successful group of mammals, and this double-stomach arrangement is one of their key adaptations. Most of them eat fairly tough plant material.

Camels have been domesticated by humans for about 5000 years. They are used for riding and to carry things, and for meat, milk and wool.

As domesticated animals they are used in Africa, Asia, and since the 19th century also in Australia. About 900-1000 wild Bactrian Camels still live in China, Tibetan Plateau and Mongolia. There are no wild dromedaries anymore, but there are escaped domestic dromedaries in Australia. Today there are dromedaries living wild in the outback in Australia.

15th century

The 15th century was the century from 1401 to 1500.

Note: years before or after the 15th century are in "italics".

14th century

The 14th century was the century from 1301 to 1400.

Note: years before or after the 14th century are in "italics".



13th century

The 13th century was the century from 1201 to 1300.

Note: years before or after the 13th century are in "italics".


12th century

The 12th century was the century from 1101 to 1200.

Note: years before or after the 12th century are in "italics".


Mammalogy

Mammalogy is the study of the mammals. Mammalogy has also been known as "mastology," "theriology," and "therology." 

Mammals are a group of vertebrate animals. There are about 4,200 different species of animals which are considered mammals. The major branches to study in the mammalogy career include:

The approximate salary of a mammalogist varies from $20,000 to $60,000 a year, depending on their experience. Mammalogists are typically involved in activities such as conducting research, managing personnel, and writing proposals.

Antibiotics

An antibiotic (or antibacterial) is a chemical compound that kills bacteria or slows their growth. They are used as medicine to treat and cure diseases caused by bacteria. The first antibiotic discovered was Penicillin, a natural antibiotic produced by a fungus. Production of antibiotics first began in 1939, and in the modern day, they are made by chemical synthesis. Antibiotics can not be used to treat viruses.

Maclyn McCarty explained what it was like before antibiotics:

Today, people worry that bacteria will not be affected by antibiotics. Bacteria do evolve, and already many strains of bacteria resist regular antibiotics. When exposed to antibiotics, most bacteria die quickly, but some may have mutations which make them slightly less susceptible. These bacteria then multiply and make a large colony which is less affected by the antibiotic.

Part of this problem is caused by the over-use and misuse of antibiotics. If someone is sick with a virus, antibiotics will not affect the virus. Some doctors will still prescribe an antibiotic so the patient feels as though they are being treated for their illness.

The other problem is that many people do not use antibiotics correctly. People often stop taking the medicine when they start feeling better. But antibiotics don't kill all of the bad bacteria at once. Bacteria which are more resistant do not die right away. When someone stops taking the antibiotic too quickly, these resistant bacteria can reproduce and survive. Then the antibiotic does not work so well because the bacteria are less affected by it.

Resistance, as discussed in "WHO AWaRe classification for antibiotic stewardship: tackling antimicrobial resistance – a descriptive study from an English NHS Foundation Trust prior to and during the COVID-19 pandemic," illustrates the critical challenge of antimicrobial resistance (AMR). This study demonstrates the pivotal function of the WHO’s AWaRe classification in directing antibiotic use to combat AMR. It stresses the necessity of comprehensive antimicrobial stewardship before and during health crises to maintain antibiotic effectiveness against emerging pathogens.

Antibiotics can be the most effective way of treating bacterial infections. A clue to this might been found in Pasteur's work. He had a culture of anthrax germs that were left exposed to air. They developed colonies of many fungi, but the anthrax bacilli disappeared. Medical science was not, at the time, ready to see the implication of this.

It was 1928 that the study of antibiotics started,a small chance beginning. Alexander Fleming, a London bacteriologist, was culturing "staphylococcus". In one Petri dish a mould appeared and spread On the nutrient gelatin of the dish each patch of mould was surrounded by clear ring, free of bacteria. Moreover, the extracted substance was able to clear up infected wounds.

The term "antibiotic" was first used in 1942 by Selman Waksman and his collaborators in journal articles to describe any substance produced by a microorganism that is antagonistic to the growth of other microorganisms in high dilution. This definition cut out substances which kill bacteria, but are not produced by microorganisms (such as gastric juices and hydrogen peroxide). It also excluded synthetic antibacterial compounds such as the sulfonamides.

With advances in medicinal chemistry, most of today's antibacterials chemically are modifications of various natural compounds.

Certain bacteria are only affected by specific types of antibiotics. Antibiotics fight infection caused by bacteria. Patients might need different types or different amounts of antibiotics depending on what bacteria is causing their health problems. Because of this, antibiotics should always be used under the supervision of a medical doctor (or other certified medical practitioner). The doctor can also watch for side effects and change the patient's treatment when necessary. Antibiotics are very useful when your body is infected by a bacteria.
Antibiotics don't kill virus, so it is useless against a viral infection. A doctor must determine if a patient's infection is of viral or bacterial origin before taking antibiotics, this is another reason why a medical doctor should prescribe antibiotics instead of relying on self-medication.

Teixobactin is the first new antibiotic discovered in forty years. It is active against gram-positive bacteria, including "Staphylococcus aureus". It appears to be one of a new class of antibiotics.


Sexism

Sexism is generally defined as discrimination based on the gender of a person—looking down on people because they are male or female. Sexism may also include stereotyped roles for men and women. International laws, such as Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women or Yogyakarta Principles demand to abolish any kind of sexism. Sexism could affect a person attending a party, getting a job, joining a game, trying to get a promotion, being selected and so on.
The women's rights and men's rights movements both say they fight sexism.

Sexism is often discrimination against women due to the history of sexism in the western world.

Hatred of women is called misogyny. Hatred of men is called misandry. Reverse sexism is misandristically being biased because you think you're disadvantaged.

Pauline M. Leet made the word "sexism" on November 18, 1965.

World literacy is lower for females than for males. On 9 October 2012 the Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai was shot in the head on her schoolbus by Taliban gunmen because she did activism for girls' rights to education.


Go (board game)

Go is a board game for two players. It is called "Wei-k'i" (or Wei-chi) in Chinese, "Patok" or "Baduk" in Korean and "I-go" in Japanese.

Go is played on a board with black and white game pieces called stones. Players take turns placing a stone of their color on intersections of a 19x19 square grid. The player with the black stones goes first. A normal Go board has 19 rows and columns of lines. Some players use 9x9 or 13x13 boards because smaller boards usually mean shorter, less complex games.

A game of Go ends when both players pass their turns without playing. This usually happens when adding another stone to the board doesn't change the score. The winner is the player whose stones surround more empty intersections (points). To that is added captured stones and "komi". Komi are points added to the second player, which in this game is the white player. A game may also end when a player gives up and resigns.

In a game against a skilled player, a less skilled player may be given a "handicap" of extra stones on the board at the start of the game as well as playing black. These rules help make the game and final score fair for both players.

Besides the order of play (Black plays first, then White plays, then Black plays, and so on) and handicap or scoring rules, there are only two rules in Go:


Stones cannot be removed from the board except by the opponent surrounding it. A group of stones are all "alive" as long as one stone is next to an empty intersection. Stones with no liberties (no access to empty space) are captured and removed from the board. At the end of the game, the prisoners are usually deducted from the score of the player who lost them. 

The second rule is called "Ko" (eternity). You can place stones on any clear intersection you want, as long it isn't taken off right after, or the board looks the same all over as it did before. This is to stop the game from going back and forth capturing the same stones forever. Players must make a move somewhere else on the board during a "ko fight" before they can re-capture a stone in the same position. 

Its original Chinese name is "" (= wei qi or wei chi). It is also popular in Japan, and its common name "Go" comes from Japanese. In Korea the game is called "baduk". In these three countries the game is an important part of the culture, like chess is in many western countries. 

Go and chess are both "board games" and games of strategy. They both have no luck or secret information, unlike some other classic games like backgammon (dice are rolled) or poker and other card games which also have secret information.

There are many places to play Go on the Internet, as well as local clubs and national organizations in many countries around the world. A 2016 survey by the International Go Federation (IGF) found that there are over 20 million players around the world. Most players live in East Asia.

Go was invented in China but the specific time is not known. Some say it was invented more than 2,500 years ago and is the oldest board game still played today. The historian of board games, H.J.R. Murray, said:


Go to: Female Go players



Gulf War

The Gulf War was a conflict between Iraq and 39 other countries, led by the United States. It started with the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq on August 2, 1990. Iraq had claimed Kuwait as part of its territory. Iraq is said to have suffered around 80,000-100,000 soldier losses.

There were two military operations. 

Operation Desert Shield brought troops to protect Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states that Iraq had not attacked.

Operation Desert Storm attacked Iraq's forces both in Kuwait and in Iraq. It started on 17 January, 1991 with an air strike. Ground operations started 24 February. Iraqi forces set fire to oil wells to slow the attack. The war ended on 28 February, 1991 with a ceasefire.

The long Iran–Iraq War had ended in August 1988. Iraq owed a great amount of money to Saudi Arabia and had difficulty paying it back. Saddam Hussein declared the neighboring country of Kuwait to be siphoning Iraqi crude oil from across the border, and on August 2nd, 1990 the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait started. On January 17, 1991 the US began the Persian Gulf War with a massive US led air offensive known as Operation Desert Storm.

The attacks were assisted by newly developed weapons, including stealth aircraft, cruise missiles and smart bombs.

After 42 days of fighting U.S. President Bush declared a ceasefire on February 28. By that time most Iraqi forces in Kuwait had either surrendered or fled.

Operation Desert storm included a bombing campaign that targeted Iraqi aircraft, anti-aircraft systems, oil refineries, weapon factories, bridges, and roads. President George Bush decided not to depose Saddam Hussein.

Political issues after Operation Desert Storm lead to the second Persian Gulf War in 2003.


Point of view

A point of view, viewpoint or POV, is the following:

Sicily

Sicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean. Along with some smaller islands it is an autonomous region of Italy. The capital city of Sicily is Palermo. The population was about 5,087,000 (over 5 million) in 2004. Sicily is the biggest region in the nation of Italy.

Phoenician and Greek people colonized the island in the 8th Century BC and sometimes fought wars there. Carthage controlled most of the island until Ancient Rome conquered it. In later centuries, Saracens (who significantly impacted the Island genetically and culturally) fought against the Byzantine Greeks, and Normans ruled it for a few centuries. A German dynasty and a French one ruled in the 13th century. After the 1282 revolts of Sicilian Vespers, the crown of Aragon and Spain took over the Island. Later, Garibaldi in the Risorgimento conquered it and brought it into the Kingdom of Italy.



Donkey

A donkey or ass ("Equus africanus asinus") is a mammal of the Equidae family. 
The wild ancestor of the donkey is the African wild ass, "E. africanus". The donkey has been used as a working animal for at least 5000 years. There are a number of other wild asses in different parts of the world. 

The name 'donkey' is correct for the domesticated animal. It is the tame animal that people use for transportation and other work, such as pulling a carriage or plowing a field.

Donkeys can have hybrid children with a common horse. The child of a female horse and a male donkey is called a "mule". The child of a female donkey and a male horse is called a "hinny". Mules are more common, and have been used for transportation.

Donkeys, zebras and mules all look different from the common horses. One difference is the ears. Donkey ears are much longer than horse ears. The necks are straighter and the croup and rump are also a different shape. The back is straighter.

The mane and tail of the donkey are rough. The mane is still and upright, almost always standing up, and the tail is more like a cow's, most of it covered with short body hair. Because their mane sometimes fly away, many donkeys wear their manes clipped short or shaved close to the neck.

Hoof shapes are different as well, donkey hooves are smaller and rounder, with more upright pasterns. The legs should have good bone, but lots of donkeys have long thin legs with tiny feet. Larger donkeys may appear opposite, with big, heavy legs and large round feet. Good legs and feet are very important for mules that are trying to find a mate. This is because, for breeding, a good foot is more liked than a large body on small legs and feet.

The donkey's voice is very raspy, and it makes a loud "Ee - Aww" noise, known as braying (hence Eeyore in the "Winnie-the-Pooh" books). 

Although many people think donkeys are gray, many are brown. Some are black, both red and gray, creamy white, or a unique spotted pattern. Some have stripes, dark ear marks, as well as the "light points". This means that it has a white muzzle and white rings around its eyes, and a white belly and inner leg.

Donkeys vary considerably in size, depending on breed and management. The height at the withers ranges from 7.3 to 15.3 hands (31 to 63 inches, 79 to 160 cm), and the weight from 80 to 480 kg (180 to 1,060 lb). Some, like the rare French donkey, have huge heads and ears, and very thick, shaggy curled black coat.

Working donkeys in the poorest countries have a life expectancy of 12 to 15 years.

Good grass hay and pasture is usually what donkeys enjoy to eat. If the hay or grass is grained, the protein is best to be lower than 12%. However, if a donkey is overfed, it will have a "roll" on the neck. A roll is when fat bunches up and stays in a part of a donkey's body, and they usually happen on its neck or its hip. If they develop on the donkey, it will usually stay for its whole life. If the neck roll of fat gets too heavy, it will fall or "break over" to one side and never recover its balance again. This is why donkeys should not be fed too much. Many people do not like to work with donkeys. They think that donkeys are too stubborn and will kick them. However, a donkey that is nicely trained can be as easily managed as other horses.

Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince

Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was written by J. K. Rowling and published on 16 July 2005. The book is the sixth Harry Potter book.

In the sixth book Harry begins his sixth year at the magical school Hogwarts with his best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. During the year he has help in his worst class by the mysterious Half-Blood Prince (also known as Severus snape), he has his first romance and learns several very important facts about his enemy, Voldemort.

The film, based on the book, was to be released on 21 November 2008, but on 14 August 2008, it was announced that the film would be pushed back to 17 July 2009. On 8 January 2009, the film was given a PG rating by the MPPA. The previous two installments, "Goblet of Fire" and "Order of the Phoenix," were rated PG-13.

The book starts at Severus Snape's house. Narcissa Malfoy is very unhappy that Voldemort has made her son, Draco, put on a mission. Voldemort is a very bad man who does not like half-blood or Muggle (non-magical) wizards and witches. He wants to kill them. Bellatrix, Narcissa's sister, and Narcissa go to Snape's house. There, Snape agrees and says he will help Malfoy complete whatever his mission is.

Headmaster Albus Dumbledore comes by Harry Potter's place to ask him to come with him. Harry says okay. They go to Horace Slughorn's house. Slughorn was the former professor of Potions over at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He does not want to come back, but when Dumbledore shows Harry, he says okay. On the train to Hogwarts, Slughorn gets together his club again. Slughorn likes to take a back seat and has a lot of influence, or power. Harry is one of the most famous wizards ever and Slughorn wants to be his friend. When school starts, the first thing Slughorn does is recreate his old Slug Club, filled with people who have power or a good name.

The Half-Blood Prince is of great mystery to Harry. Harry finds a book with the Prince's name on it and finds that it has many helpful tips for making potions. He follows the tips and is seen as very smart to Professor Slughorn. His friend Hermione is mad that Harry is getting credit for information that he does not really know. The old professor, Professor Snape, is now teaching Defense of the Dark Arts.

Dumbledore gives private lessons to Harry. They usually involve looking into a Pensieve, which holds old memories. In flashback, Harry learns that Voldemort was the product of an unhappy witch and a Muggle father that never loved him. The witch was named Merope and she had an older brother and father that were very bad to her. They made her work and crushed her spirit. A Ministry of Magic wizard came and arrested the father and brother. Merope left the house and gave a love potion to a young man she liked named Tom Riddle.

After she was pregnant with the baby, she stopped giving him the potion and he left her. Soon afterwards, she goes to an orphanage and gives birth to Voldemort, naming him Tom Marvolo Riddle, and dies shortly afterwards. Voldemort is a very bad kid. He steals items from the other kids and uses magic against them. Dumbledore comes one night to tell him that he has magic and invites him to attend Hogwarts.

One final memory shows Voldemort trying to apply for a job at Hogwarts. Dumbledore, who was the Transfiguration teacher at the time, was just made Headmaster. Voldemort wanted to be the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Dumbledore refused to make him a teacher. This angered Voldemort. Since then, no professor has held the Defense Against the Dark Arts job for more than a year and Dumbledore thinks it is because of this meeting.

Dumbledore tells Harry that Voldemort has six "Horcruxes," or pieces of his soul. While Voldemort has these Horcruxes, nobody can kill him. A couple of them have been destroyed. In Harry's second year, he stabbed Riddle's diary with a fang, destroying one. Before Harry's sixth year started, Dumbledore visited the old Marvolo home and found a ring and destroyed it but lost his hand as a result.

One night, Dumbledore and Harry go out to a cave area. Dumbledore thinks there is another Horcrux there. After getting there, they find a goblet. Dumbledore drinks the entire potion, which makes him dizzy. They find the locket and go back to Hogwarts, where they find that the Death Eaters and Malfoy have attacked. They take broomsticks and land at the top of one of the towers. Malfoy bursts where Harry and Dumbledore are. Harry is hiding under an invisibility cloak. Soon, other Death Eaters come up, but Malfoy cannot kill Dumbledore as Voldemort ordered him to do. Snape comes up and kills Dumbledore.

The Death Eaters all escape afterwards. Harry tries to get Snape, but Snape is too fast. When Harry tries to use some curses he found in the Half-Blood Prince's book, Snape fights back and then declares that he is the Half-Blood Prince. Later, Hermione says this is true, having found a newspaper article about a girl named Eileen Prince (a witch) marrying a man named Tobias Snape (a Muggle), making Snape a half-blood wizard.

Hogwarts holds a funeral for Dumbledore. Harry opens the locket, only to find that someone named R.A.B was there earlier and found and destroyed the Horcrux. He also says he will not be coming back to Hogwarts next year.

Persian language

Persian, also called Farsi, is a Western Iranian language. It is the official language of Iran, Afghanistan and Tajikistan. It is also spoken by many people in Pakistan, Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and other neighbouring countries and by immigrants from Central Asia in Russia. Persian was also taught as a second language in schools in Pakistan until 2006. In the past, many of those places were parts of the Persian Empire.

Persian has many dialects and is officially called Farsi in Iran, Dari and Farsi in Afghanistan and Tajiki in Tajikistan. The literary language of each country is a little different, but people from each country can understand one another when they have a conversation. It has words from French in Iran and many from Russian Tajikistan.

The Persian alphabet has the following letters:

The Persian alphabet used in Iran and Afghanistan is similar to the Arabic alphabet, but since Persian in a different family from Arabic, their vocabulary and grammar are very different. Since the 1930s, in the countries that were in the Soviet Union, like Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, Persian has been written in the Cyrillic alphabet, like Russian. All Persian-speakers used to use the Arabic alphabet.

Persian is a very old language, and linguists use names for three different versions of Persian that were used in three different times. Old Persian was spoken in the first Persian Empire, under the Achaemenid kings, including Cyrus and Darius the Great. The empire existed from the 6th century BC to the conquest of Alexander the Great. The second Persian empire was ruled by the Sassanian kings from the 2nd century AD until the Muslim conquest of Iran by the Arabs in the 7th century and spoke Middle Persian, or Pahlavi.

New or Modern Persian is spoken today and was first written down in the 9th century, during the Samanid Empire, which was the first Muslim Persian kingdom and was based in Central Asia. The earliest writers of New Persian included poets like Rudaki, and Ferdowsi, who wrote an epic, a very long poem, called the "Shahname", translated as the "Book of Kings" in English. It has myths and historical stories from before the Arabs conquered Persia.

Many other famous writers in Persian language were poets too, a few being Saadi, Hafez, Rumi. The Persian language has been very important one for literature. After Arabic, it was the second most common written language in Muslim countries, especially in the East.


Copenhagen

Copenhagen is the capital city of Denmark. It is also the largest city in Denmark. In 2014, 1,246,611 people lived in the urban area. Copenhagen is on the island of Zealand and the smaller island named Amager.

Founded as a Viking fishing village. Copenhagen was built in the 12th century A.D. and got City rights in 1254. A few years later, it was destroyed nearly completely. In 1443, Copenhagen became the capital of Denmark. In 1801, there were more than 100,000 inhabitants in Copenhagen for the first time. In the 1960s, more than 700,000 people lived in Copenhagen Municipality, and today there are 528,000 inhabitants in the municipality. Near the city centre there is the famous Freetown Christiania.

Copenhagen is divided into 10 districts. The districts are:


Nepali language

The Nepali language is the official language of Nepal and a language in India. Besides Nepal it is spoken in India, Bhutan and parts of Burma. In the Indian states of Sikkim and West Bengal also it is an official language. This language is also known as Gorkhali Language or Khaskura. It is believed to have originated from the ancient Sanskrit language from which it takes many words. It is written in Devanagari style of writing which is similar to Hindi. It is spoken throughout Nepal and is the mother tongue of more than half of the population. It is also used by the Government of Nepal for all official purposes. In Nepal it is compulsory to study Nepali language as a subject until Grade 10 (High School).

Kathmandu

Kathmandu is the capital city of Nepal. It is the largest city of Nepal. The population of the capital city was 856,767 according to the 2021 census. It is a historical city and has many temples and palaces. 

Kathmandu experiences a subtropical highland climate with distinct seasons. Winters are cool and dry, with temperatures dropping near freezing. Spring is pleasant, marked by mild temperatures and blooming flowers. Summers are warmer with occasional heavy monsoon rains. Autumn offers moderate temperatures and clear skies. The city's elevation at approximately 1,400 meters influences its climate. While temperatures vary, understanding the seasonal patterns is essential for planning activities in this vibrant and culturally rich Nepalese capital. 

Kathmandu is home to several international and regional organizations.

International Buddhist Meditation Center operates in Kathmandu, the capital city of Nepal.

<br>


Nepali

Nepali could mean:

11th century

The 11th century was the century from 1001 to 1100.

Note: years before or after the 11th century are in "italics".

10th century

The 10th century was a century that lasted from 901 to 1000. It was the last century of the 1st millennium.

Note: years before or after the 10th century are in "italics".


9th century

The 9th century was the century from 801 to 900.



Note: years before or after the 9th century are in "italics".


8th century

The 8th century was the century from 701 to 800.

Note: years before or after the 8th century are in "italics".


7th century

The 7th century was the century from 601 to 700.

Note: years before or after the 7th century are in "italics".


6th century

The 6th century was the century from 501 to 600.

Note: the 6th century officially started in 501.


5th century

The 5th century was the century from 401 to 500.

Note: years before or after the 5th century are in "italics".

4th century

The 4th century was the century from 301 to 400.

Note: years before or after the 4th century are in "italics".

Zambia

The Republic of Zambia is a country in southern Africa. It shares its borders with the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north, Tanzania to the north-east, Malawi to the east, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Botswana, and Namibia to the south, and Angola to the west. It used to be called Northern Rhodesia and it is currently named after the Zambezi River. Zambia is home to one of the seven natural wonders of the world, Victoria falls. Zambia has at least 72 spoken languages.

The capital of Zambia is Lusaka, which is also the largest city in the country. Edgar Lungu is the current president. Its motto is "One Zambia, One Nation" and its national anthem is "Stand and Sing of Zambia, Proud and Free". Its official language is English.

Zambia originated from Northern Rhodesia. In 1964 Zambia became an independent country. The first president was Kenneth Kaunda, who ruled Zambia for 27 years. Zambia was a one party state. His United National Independence Party was the only legal party and all other parties were banned.

After protests, democratic elections were held in 1991. Kenneth Kaunda lost the elections and gave away his power in an orderly manner to his successor Frederick Chiluba, a former union leader.

Zambia is now a multi-party democracy. It has had four democratic elections since 1991. The latest presidential election was in 2021, which was won by Hakainde Hichilema against Edgar Lungu.

In 1969, Zambia was making a lot of money because of the copper deposits that were mined in Copperbelt province. When copper became cheaper in the 1970s, the economy got worse because people in Zambia were not making as much money from selling copper. Today, Zambia is a poor country. It does not have many industries. Copper is still its main export. Commercial farming in Zambia is starting to make more money.

Zambia is divided into ten provinces. Each province is divided into several districts. There are 117 districts all together. The provinces are:


The important places in Zambia are:

Notes

Benin

Benin (officially called the Republic of Benin) is a country in Africa. The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo. The government is based in Cotonou, the country's largest city. Most people live on the small southern coastline on the Bight of Benin.

Because Benin was colonized by France and is still close to it, the official language of Benin is French. Languages such as Fon and Yoruba are commonly spoken. The largest religious group in Benin is Roman Catholicism. This is followed closely by Islam, Vodun, and Protestantism.

Benin is a member of the United Nations, the African Union, the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, La Francophonie, the Community of Sahel-Saharan States, the African Petroleum Producers Association and the Niger Basin Authority.

From the 17th to the 19th century, Benin was ruled by the Kingdom of Dahomey. It was called the Slave Coast by white people from as early as the 17th century, because of the large number of slaves shipped from Porto-Novo, Cotonou, and other ports to European colonies in the Americas.

After slavery was made illegal, France fought a war against Dahomey and took over the kingdom. They renamed it French Dahomey. In 1960, Dahomey gained official independence from France. From 1972 to 1990 a Marxist–Leninist state called the People's Republic of Benin existed. The current Republic of Benin was formed in 1991.

Benin is a narrow country in west Africa. The country measures about at its widest point. It is between the Equator and the Tropic of Cancer. Benin is bordered by Togo to the west, Burkina Faso and Niger to the north, Nigeria to the east, and the Bight of Benin to the south.

The highest point is Mont Sokbaro at .

Reserve du W du Niger and Pendjari National Park attract tourists who want to see elephants, lions, antelopes, hippos, and monkeys. Historically Benin has been a home for the endangered Painted Hunting Dog, "Lycaon pictus";

Benin's climate is hot and humid. Yearly rainfall in the coastal area averages 1300 mm or about 51 inches. Benin has two rainy and two dry seasons per year. The main rainy season is from April to late July, with a shorter less strong rainy period from late September to November. The main dry season is from December to April, with a short cooler dry season from late July to early September. In Cotonou, the average maximum temperature is ; the minimum is .

Benin is divided into 12 Departments. Then it is divided into 77 communes.


Beninese literature had a strong oral tradition long before French became the main language. Felix Couchoro wrote the first Beninese novel, "L'Esclave" in 1929.

Singer Angélique Kidjo and actor Djimon Hounsou were both born in Cotonou, Benin. Composer Wally Badarou and singer Gnonnas Pedro are also from Benin.

In the 2010 census, 27.2% of the population of Benin were Christian, 24.4% were Muslim, 17.3% practiced Vodun, 6% other traditional local religious groups, 1.9% other religious groups, and 6.5% have no religious affiliation.

The literacy rate in Benin is one of the lowest in the world. In 2002 it was said to be 34.7%. At one time the education system was not free.


Dominican Republic

The Dominican Republic (Spanish: "República Dominicana") is a Latin American country on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola; the other country on the island is Haiti. Its capital, and largest city, is Santo Domingo. The national language is Spanish.

The country was part of the Spanish empire until the late 18th century. In the 19th century France, Spain and Haiti controlled it at various times, and later it was independent. It was occupied by the United States from 1916 to 1924. The Dominican Republic is a presidential democratic republic. The country has a tropical climate but modified by elevation and the "trade winds" (winds that come from the northeast, from the Atlantic Ocean).

The Spanish brought African slaves to the country.

Dominican Republic is one of the biggest producers of cacao.

The island of Hispaniola was discovered by Christopher Columbus on December 5th, 1492, but the first time that he saw part of the present Dominican Republic was on January 4th, 1493 when he saw a headland that he named "Monte Cristi" ("Mountain of Christ"). That mountain is called now "El Morro" and is near the city of Monte Cristi.

From Monte Cristi, Columbus went east along the north coast of the island and on 6 January, after visiting the Samaná Bay, he went back to Spain. In his second trip to America, he founded the first European city in the continent, "La Isabela", near the present city of Puerto Plata.

Later, Bartholomew Columbus founded the city of Santo Domingo, the oldest permanent European city in the Americas. From here, many Spaniards went to conquer other islands (Cuba, Jamaica, Puerto Rico). Because Cuba was closer to the continent, many people moved there from Hispaniola, and then to the continent. Because of that, the population of the island grew very slowly. By the Treaty of Ryswick in 1697, Spain gave the western third of the island to France and kept the eastern part, and so the island had two different colonies: the French "Saint-Domingue" and the Spanish "Santo Domingo". In 1795, France got the whole island but they could only control the eastern part because Haiti became independent very soon. In 1809, the French government gave back the old colony of "Santo Domingo" to Spain.

On 1 December 1821, the Spanish lieutenant governor José Núñez de Cáceres declared the independence from Spain. The new country had the name "Estado Independiente del Haití Español" ("Independent State of Spanish Haiti"). But on 9 February 1822, the Haitian army occupied the country and stayed for 22 years. Juan Pablo Duarte founded a secret society, "La Trinitaria", to fight for the Dominican independence. The Haitian occupation ended on 27 February 1844, when the inhabitants of the eastern part of the Hispaniola made a new country named "República Dominicana" ("Dominican Republic"). From 1861 to 1865, the country was again a Spanish colony. On 16 August 1863 began the "Restoration War" when the Dominicans fought to be free again. That war ended in 1865 when the Spanish left and the Dominican Republic was again an independent country.

The country was occupied by the United States from 1916 to 1924. In 1930, Rafael Trujillo became the president of the country through a coup d'état. Trujillo was a cruel dictator, killing thousands of people, among them many Haitians. Trujillo was killed in 1961. After the death of Trujillo, Juan Bosch was elected in 1962 and became, in 1963, the first elected president since 1930. But Bosch was in power for only seven months. In 1965, there was a civil war between those that wanted Bosch back on power and those that were opposed to him. Then the country was invaded again by the United States.

Since the end of the civil war, the presidents of the Dominican Republic have been:


The Dominican Republic is a presidential democratic republic. The government is divided in three branches: the Executive, the Legislative and the Judiciary. The Executive branch is made up of the President, the Vice President and the Ministers who are called "Secretaries of State". The President is chief of state and head of government and is elected every 4 years. He nominates the cabinet. The current president is Luis Abinader.

The Legislative branch makes the laws and is made up of the Congress, which is in Santo Domingo, the capital of the Dominican Republic. The Congress is divided into two groups: the Senate, with 32 members (one for every province and one for the National District), and the Chamber of Deputies with 178 members.

The Judicial branch is made up of the courts of the country, including the Supreme Court of Justice.

The Dominican Republic is a constitutional democracy ruled by a president. The president is elected every 4 years. The current president is Luis Rodolfo Abinader Corona, of the PRM.

There are 3 important political parties in the Dominican Republic:

There are several mountain chains in the Dominican Republic. The four main chains, from North to South, are:


Between those mountains, there are several important valleys, such as:

There are other smaller valleys in the mountains: Constanza, Jarabacoa, Bonao, Villa Altagracia.

The four most important rivers of the Dominican Republic are Yaque del Norte, Yuna, Yaque del Sur and Ozama. There are many lakes; the largest is the "Lake Enriquillo", in the "Hoya de Enriquillo".

The country has a tropical climate but modified by elevation and the "trade winds" (winds that come from the northeast, from the Atlantic Ocean). At sea level, the average temperature is 25 °C, with small changes from one season to another. In the highest mountains, the temperature in winter can be as low as 0 °C.

There are two wet seasons: April-June and September-November. The most dry period is from December to March. Rainfall varies greatly; eastern regions, like the Samaná Peninsula, get an average of over 2,000 mm in a year, but less than 500 mm fall in the southwest (Hoya de Enriquillo).

From June to November, hurricanes are frequent and can do much damage in the island.

The Dominican Republic has a total population, estimated for July 2009, of 9,650,054 inhabitants, for a density of 236.30 inhabitants per km².

About 64% of Dominicans live in cities and towns and 87% of people that are 15 years old or more can read and write.

The two largest cities are Santo Domingo (the capital city) with 1,817,754 inhabitants, and Santiago, in the Cibao Valley and with 908,250 inhabitants.

The ethnic composition of Dominicans is around 85% Mulatto and Black, 14% White and 1% Asian.


The Dominican Republic is divided into 31 provinces. The national capital Santo Domingo de Guzmán is in the "Distrito National" that is like a province and elects one Senator.
The provinces are:

The Dominican Republic has a mixed economy based mainly on agriculture, services (including tourism and finance), trade and money sent from the many Dominicans that live in other countries (United States, Europe). Agricultural production (mainly sugarcane, with smaller amounts of coffee, cacao, and tobacco) was the main economic activity but now is in third place after tourism and manufacturing in "zonas francas" ("free zones" where the industries do not pay taxes and all the production is sent to other countries).

Mining is also important, mainly ferronickel (nickel with iron) and gold.

The Dominican Republic suffers from poverty, with 83.3% of the population living below the poverty line in 2012. The wealth distribution is uneven: the richest 10% gets nearly 40% of national income.

The culture of the Dominican Republic, like in other Caribbean countries, is a mix of Taíno, African and European (mainly Spanish) cultures.

There are not many Taíno traditions in the modern Dominican culture; many places keep their Taíno names: Dajabón, Bánica, Haina, Yaque, Samaná, etc. Also many objects, plants and animals have a Taíno origin and their names have been included in other languages; for example: "canoa" (canoe, a small boat), "hamaca" (hammock, a simple bed), "maíz" (maize, corn), "yuca" (cassava, that comes from the Taíno word "casabe", a kind of cassava bread eaten in the Caribbean), and "batata" (sweet potato).

That mix of different traditions created a culture that is known as Creole (in Spanish: "Criolla"), common to all countries in the Caribbean, Louisiana and some parts of South America and Central America.

In the Dominican Republic, only Spanish is spoken, however; there are 3 major languages that are also spoken such as Haitian Creole, Samana English, and the West African Yoruba language known as Lucumi spoken by few. There is a local dialect or patois which is spoken by all Dominicans - see Dominican Spanish Creole. In the Chinese Dominican community (composed around 60 000 people) elder generations keep talking in Mandarin Chinese and Cantonese Chinese.

The official religion is Roman Catholicism but there is freedom of religion. Protestant groups are important, representing about 15% of the total population. Each year major festivities called "fiestas patronales" are held. They are Catholic festivities in honor of the Patron saints of the towns and villages; it is a Spanish tradition to associate every town with a Catholic saint. The festivities includes church services, street parades, fire works, dance contests and other activities. Dominican Voodoo or Santeria is also practiced in large numbers as well as Dominican Palo, Dominican Kongo religion, and others.

African culture has the strongest influence in Dominican culture, especially in language, religion, food, and music.

"Notes":



1856

1856 was a common year.


Navassa Island

Navassa Island, or La Navase in Haitian Creole, is a small island without anyone living on it in the Caribbean Sea. It is located ninety miles south of Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The United States government claims the two-square-mile island as a territory of the United States, and it is under control of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The island is also claimed by Haiti.

Some sailors sailing with Christopher Columbus named Navassa in 1504, because no fresh water could be found there.

A captain named Peter Duncan gave it to the U.S. in the late 1850s, for the purpose of guano mining. After a rebellion in 1889, and the Spanish-American War of 1898, the mining was put to an end.

With the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914, Navassa became important again, because of a lighthouse being built there. After World War II, no one lived on it again.

In 1996, Navassa's light was put out of use, and the island was transferred to the U.S. Department of the Interior. Three years later in 1999, the Fish and Wildlife Service received ownership of the island.

Navassa became a U.S. insular area in October 1857, when a representative of the Baltimore Fertilizer Company took possession of the island in the name of the United States pursuant to the Guano Act of August 18, 1856 (Title 48, U.S. Code, sections 1411-19). In 1889 the island's actual operation passed to the Navassa Phosphate Company. All operations were abandoned in 1898, when the island became effectively uninhabited.

Navassa Island is three square miles in area. Navassa lies about one hundred miles south of Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, about thirty miles west of Cape Tiburon, Haiti, at the southwest entrance to the Windward Passage, east of Kingston, Jamaica. Navassa's climate is marine and tropical.

Its terrain is a raised coral and limestone plateau, flat to undulating, ringed by vertical white cliffs, approximately nine to fifteen yards high. Navassa's environment is mostly exposed rock. However, it has enough grassland to support goat herds. Dense stands of fig-like trees and scattered cactus also exist. Only one tenth of the island's land is meadows or pastures. Navassa has no ports and only off-shore anchorage.

In 1976, the U.S. Coast Guard determined that the lighthouse on Navassa was no longer of any value to the U.S. Government and was ceasing its exercise of any interest in the island. However, the U.S. Coast Guard's ceasing to administer Navassa's use did not have any bearing at all on the United States sovereignty over the island, which remained constant regardless of the administering Federal agency or office. Consequently, under the provisions of Title 43, U.S.Code, section 1458, the Department of the Interior assumed responsibility for the civil administration of the U.S. insular area.

Acting under the authority that the Secretary of the Interior delegated to him in Secretary's Order No. 3205 (January 16, 1997) and Amendment No. 1 (January 14, 1998) to Secretary's Order No. 3205 and in fulfillment of his responsibilities as the civil administrator of the United States insular area of Navassa Island, the Director of the Office of Insular Affairs advises all persons interested in visiting Navassa Island that, having made a preliminary review of the island's ecology, he has decided indefinitely not to allow visits to the island and its surrounding waters until he has received a further assessment of the island's environment and conservation status. As used in this notice, the term "surrounding waters" includes the waters surrounding Navassa Island seaward to a line twelve (12) nautical miles distant from Navassa Island's coastlines. The Director of the Office of Insular Affairs intends that nothing in this notice shall deny or impair the right of innocent passage in the waters surrounding Navassa Island.

On September 2, 1999, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service established the Navassa Island Wildlife Refuge as an overlay. As of December 3, 1999, the Office of Insular Affairs ceased to have any administrative responsibility for Navassa. A Secretary's order of that date transferred full administration of Navassa from the Office of Insular Affairs to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.


1648

1648 was a leap year.



Blink-182

Blink-182 is a popular California post-punk band formed in 1992. Currently, the band members are Mark Hoppus (bass, vocals), Tom DeLonge (guitar, vocals) and Travis Barker (drums). Matt Skiba was the vocalist and guitarist on the Albums California and Nine. The band was originally created by Hoppus, DeLonge, and Scott Raynor. They quickly became popular for their exciting concerts and immature humour.

The band played lots of concerts after releasing their first album "Cheshire Cat" in 1995. The band signed with MCA Records to distribute its second album, "Dude Ranch", in 1997. In 1998, the band got rid of Scott Raynor and replaced him with drummer Travis Barker. The band's next two albums, "Enema of the State" (1999) and "Take Off Your Pants and Jacket" (2001), were very popular and successful both on the radio and on MTV. For their fifth album, "Blink-182" (2003), the band changed their musical style. After DeLonge quit the band in 2005, Hoppus and Barker suspended the band. The members of the band came together again in 2009 to create their sixth album, "Neighborhoods", which was released in 2011. In 2015, DeLonge quit the band again and was replaced by Matt Skiba of the band, Alkaline Trio. The band's seventh album, "California", was released on July 1, 2016.

Blink-182 is considered to be very important to the development of pop punk. The band's combination of pop music melodies with fast-paced punk rock made them popular on the radio. The band has sold over thirteen million albums in the United States, and over 50 million albums around the world. In 2011, "The New York Times" wrote that, "no punk band of the 1990s has been more influential than Blink-182."

Tom DeLonge, who played guitar, had been friends with Ann Hoppus while living in San Diego. He had often complained about wanting to start a band. Ann then introduced Tom to her younger brother, Mark Hoppus, who played bass. They later found drummer Scott Raynor to complete the band. The original name the band chose was blink. After an Irish techno band that had the same name threatened to sue them, they added on the "182". Fans still refer the band as simply "Blink". 

In 1998, midway through a North American tour, Raynor left the band to continue his education. It was also rumoured that Raynor was forced to leave the band due to his drinking problem. Travis Barker, who had been drumming for The Aquabats at the time, played drums for Blink for the rest of the tour. Tom and Mark were so impressed that they had Barker become the band's full-time drummer. 

In February 2005, the band announced that they were going to take a break for a while. DeLonge went on to create the band Angels & Airwaves, while Hoppus and Barker created the band +44.

During the 2009 Grammy Awards, the members of Blink-182 said that the band would be getting back together.

In 2016, Matt Skiba from Alkaline Trio joined the band to take DeLonge's place. They released a new album, "California", in 2016.

On June 23, 2021, Hoppus said he had cancer. He reunited with DeLonge and Barker to solves the personal issues they had with each other. Hoppus said he was cancer free in late June 2021.

On October 22, it was announced that Tom DeLonge had returned to the band. On September 18, 2023, the band announced that they were releasing their ninth studio album "One More Time..." on October 20, 2023.



They also made a "Greatest Hits" album in 2005. That album contained two songs that had not been released in the United States before, "Not Now" and "Another Girl Another Planet". "Another Girl Another Planet" was a cover song; it was first sung by The Only Ones.


Doctor Who

Doctor Who is a BBC science fiction television series. The series is about an alien time-traveller known as "the Doctor". In their space-time ship, the TARDIS (Time and Relative Dimension in Space), the Doctor and their companions travel through space and time.

The television series ran from 1963 to 1989 and started running again in 2005. It is the longest running science fiction television series in the world.

There were two "Doctor Who" movies made in the 1960s. Peter Cushing played the Doctor in these movies, but he was not the Doctor in the television series. In 1996, there was also a television movie starring Paul McGann. There have been many other versions of "Doctor Who" in books, comics, games, other shows, music videos, remixes, fan fiction, documentaries, the news, in magazines, toys, cosplay, decorations, on the internet, on radios, on DVDs, on Blu-ray, On other disc formats and other forms of entertainment.

As of 2023 Doctor Who will only be shown on Disney plus outside of Ireland and the UK.

The story is about a person who calls themselves "The Doctor". They travel in their space-time-ship TARDIS ("Time And Relative Dimension In Space"), with which they can go anywhere in time and space. Because of an error in its "chameleon circuit", the outside of the TARDIS always looks like a 1960s-style British police public call box (similar to a blue telephone box), but on the inside the TARDIS is much bigger.

The Doctor is an alien, a "Time Lord" from the planet Gallifrey. At first, they travelled only with their granddaughter Susan Foreman. Later, the Doctor took other people with them. They are usually called "companions" or "assistants". The Doctor and their companions travel through space and time, have a lot of adventures, and often save many people.

Some people think that the Doctor's name is not actually "Doctor Who", but other people think there is no mistake. The character was named Doctor Who in the titles until the Fifth Doctor, and after the 2005 restart the Ninth Doctor, played by Christopher Eccleston, is called Doctor Who in the titles too. The Second Doctor once signed a letter as "Dr W.".

"Doctor Who" was first shown in 1963, with William Hartnell as the Doctor. When Hartnell left the show in 1966, the writers came up with the idea that the Doctor would "regenerate" (at the time called "renewal") and transform into the Second Doctor, who was played by Patrick Troughton. In 1970, when Jon Pertwee took over as the Third Doctor, the series switched from black-and-white to colour.

Before 1978, the BBC would sometimes throw away or wipe episodes they did not need. This was because they did not usually show episodes on television more than once, and they needed to reuse video tape to record new broadcasts. Some of the episodes that were thrown away have been found since then, but 97 of the 851 episodes are still missing. However, audio recordings of all missing episodes exist, and some of these have been released on home video with animations.

Seven actors played the Doctor from 1963 until 1989, when the series stopped production. In 1996, the BBC teamed with Fox Broadcasting Company and Universal Pictures to create a film version, in which Paul McGann played the Eighth Doctor. It was hoped that the film would lead to a new series, but this did not happen.

Instead, the series started again in 2005, with Christopher Eccleston as the Ninth Doctor. He was replaced by David Tennant at the end of the series. The latest actor to play the Doctor is Jodie Whittaker, who joined the show in the 2017 Christmas episode. In May 2022, it was announced that Ncuti Gatwa will play the Doctor from 2023.

In the "Guinness World Records", "Doctor Who" is listed as the longest running science fiction television series in the world. In 2013, it celebrated its 50th birthday with a special episode. It will celebrate its 60th birthday in late 2023.

The Doctor is the central character of "Doctor Who". They are an alien, a "Time Lord" from the planet Gallifrey. The Doctor often takes other people with them, who are usually called "companions", "assistants" or "friends" (or, due to a misunderstanding, "partners"). They are most often human. 

The current companion is Ruby Sunday.

As a Gallifreyan, the Doctor looks human on the surface. However, there are differences. For example, they have two hearts. Also, if badly injured or dying, they can "regenerate". During the "regeneration", their body heals and renews itself. Then, they take on a different appearance and personality. They are the same person (sort of) with the same memories and knowledge. But, they look different and have a new personality. Because of this, the Doctor can be played by different actors. And in over fifty years, this is why the character has not actually "changed".

Up until now, the Doctor has regenerated fourteen times, and each "incarnation" was played by a different actor (except for the Tenth Doctor, who used up two regenerations by channeling excess regeneration energy after healing to his old hand that had been chopped off in The Christmas Invasion). (Numbers refer to incarnations that used up regenerations).

The Doctor has been played by other actors in other media: theatre plays, parodies, etc. These are not officially part of the "Doctor Who" story.

The movies "Dr. Who & the Daleks" and "Daleks' Invasion Earth 2150 A.D." star Peter Cushing as a human scientist named "Doctor Who". Shortly after it was announced that the series would return from its nineties hiatus, Richard E. Grant voiced The Doctor in an animated serial. The BBC issued press releases identifying Grant as the "ninth Doctor" but this was later disregarded by the revived BBC television series.

Sometimes different incarnations of the Doctor meet each other. Usually episodes with several Doctors are made when the program celebrates an anniversary. In 1973, when the show was 10 years old, the episode "The Three Doctors" was shown. It had the first three Doctors.

In 1983, there was the 20th anniversary special. "The Five Doctors". Patrick Troughton, John Pertwee, Peter Davison and Richard Hurndall (replacing William Hartnell) played The Doctor. Tom Baker refused to play in it, so they used the old footage of the incomplete "Shada" episode to show him.

In 1985, there was the episode "The Two Doctors", with the Second and the Sixth Doctors.

The fifth Doctor met the tenth incarnation in mini-episode named "Time Crash". It was aired in 2007.

The Tenth, Eleventh, and War Doctors met each other in the 50th anniversary special on November 23, 2013. That was the first time the War Doctor was seen. That special had short appearances by all the other Doctors with the use of old, recycled footage. It also had a mysterious version of the Doctor from the far off future played by Tom Baker. The Eighth Doctor also made a return in 2013 for a 50th anniversary special mini-episode.

On August 4, 2013, Peter Capaldi was revealed as the actor who would play the Twelfth Doctor.

The 12th doctor Peter Capaldi met the 1st doctor just before each doctor's regeneration in the last episode of Capaldi's series.

On July 16, 2017, it was revealed that Jodie Whittaker would replace Capaldi as the Doctor. She is the first female Doctor.

In the 2020 episode "Fugitive of the Judoon", Jo Martin was introduced in a surprise twist as the Fugitive Doctor. She is the first black actor to play the Doctor. It is suggested that the Fugitive Doctor is from the Thirteenth Doctor's past.

Another episode from the same year, "The Timeless Children", revealed that there were many incarnations of the Doctor before William Hartnell. The Thirteenth Doctor had forgotten them because the Time Lords had erased her memory. Patrick Mulkern of "Radio Times" said, although he preferred the idea of Hartnell being the first incarnation, he could accept numerous incarnations prior, but felt the timeless child origin did "not make for involving television", and expressed various criticisms of the episode, even attacking its cliffhanger ending, calling it overall an "awful, boring mess" and concluded that the show "deserves – and indeed needs – a lengthy rest".=Doctor Who The Timeless Children review: the much-vaunted finale is an overblown gush of nonsense/ Andrew Cartmel, a former "Doctor Who" script editor during the 1980s, commented negatively on Chibnall’s writing, believing the episode "depletes the mystery" of "Doctor Who", stating "there’s a lot of detail in specifics, which is the last thing you want. Number one: it depletes the mystery, and number two: that was the chief failing of the Moffat era".=ANDREW CARTMEL THINKS TIMELESS CHILD "DEPLETES THE MYSTERY" OF DOCTOR WHO| 

Caroline Siede of The A.V. Club praised Sacha Dhawan’s performance as the Master, but felt “The Timeless Children” still left "the biggest questions unanswered". She criticised Whittaker's Doctor for being "a passive character", finding it hard to connect to the Doctor's reaction. Siede also comments negatively on the "exposition-heavy pep talk", as well as the Doctor's escape. She cites the episode's conclusion "doesn’t feel earned on either a character level or a plot one", criticizing the last-minute reveal that Ko Sharmus was part of the group that sent the Cyberium back in time and attacks the episode "undercuts the big heroic moment where the Doctor decides not to lower herself to the Master’s level of violence by having her happily accept that same amount of carnage so long as Ko Sharmus is the one pulling the trigger. Doctor Who has never been super consistent about the Doctor’s willingness to resort to violence, but the morality whiplash here is pretty unforgivable." She also found it hard to connect to Graham reassuring Yaz, citing that she had no character development. Like Mulkern, she also comments negatively on the cliffhanger ending, and concluded, “The Timeless Children” "raises far more questions than answers". Devan Coggan of Entertainment Weekly thought it "a bold reveal" that the Doctor lived countless lives long before William Hartnell’s Doctor, though she had misgivings about Whittaker turning out "not to be the first female Doctor at all". She praised Whittaker and Dhawan's performances and also commented on the Cybermen decked out in Timelord capes and regalia as "rather silly", as well as "few other characters and plot points get lost in all the big revelations, and the companions largely take a backseat to the Doctor’s journey." Conversely, Michael Hogan offered a positive review for "The Daily Telegraph", criticising Whittaker's performance, feeling her shocked reaction to the revelation she was the timeless child "was doubtless replicated on sofas nationwide. This was the sort of “timey-wimey, wibbly-wobbly” narrative tricksiness for which previous showrunner Steven Moffat was often criticised", but praising the writing for Graham, Ryan and Yaz. John Hussey of Cult Fix praised the episode, stating "admirable in ways, is, unfortunately, a disappointing capper to an improved series. It’s a shame that promising elements are buried in convoluted, overblown plotting, that doesn’t work as a layered thematic ending of itself. It threatens at times to be a poetic, bold dive or rumination on the show’s mythic nature, and while well-produced it lacks the courage or clarity to properly articulate an emotional story for the characters beyond ultimately not-that-shocking or devastating revelations. Believe me, I love messy ambition- I just wish it left me feeling what it wanted me to.." He further went on to criticise the Doctor's passiveness. "The Guardian" gave the drama four stars, deeming it a " finale takes audacious flights, rewriting Doctor Who lore to extravagant degrees, creating an alternative backstory for the creation of Gallifrey and a completely new backstory for the Doctor, that reveals her as the fabled Timeless Child: not the last of the Timelords, but the first."

Within the fan community, the episode received a negative reaction to the origin. Several fan websites expressed their concerns about the changes that "The Timeless Children" introduced into the canon and folklore of the series. Thus, within the fanbase itself, the critical reception was largely negative, with many fans voicing their concerns. The episode was criticised by critics and fans. In response to complaint emails sent to the BBC, viewers were told the scene "Doctor Who is a beloved long-running series and we understand that some people will feel attached to a particular idea they have of the Doctor, or that they enjoy certain aspects of the programme more than others. Opinions are strong and this is indicative of the imaginative hold that Doctor Who has – that so many people engage with it on so many different levels. We wholeheartedly support the creative freedom of the writers and we feel that creating an origin story is a staple of science fiction writing. What was written does not alter the flow of stories from William Hartnell’s brilliant Doctor onwards – it just adds new layers and possibilities to this ongoing saga. We have also received many positive reactions to the episode’s cliff-hanger. There are still a lot of questions to be answered, and we hope that you will come back to join us and see what happens, but we appreciate that it’s impossible to please all of our viewers all of the time and your feedback has been raised with the programme’s Executive Producer."

In contrast, former showrunner Steven Moffat praised the episode, and defended the recton. Chibnall later said he knew that the recton would be divisive, but still went ahead stating, "I knew from the start. And it was part of what I talked to Charlotte [Moore] and Piers [Wenger] about, just opening up the mythology to more stories. The purpose was to bring narrative opportunity and to be able to go to places that were shut off before now. That’s the big thing really."

The TARDIS (Time And Relative Dimension In Space) is the Doctor's time machine. It can travel to any point in time and space, but the Doctor can never fully control it. The Doctor explains that TARDISes are not built, but they are grown like plants. The TARDIS is alive and has a mind of its own. In the episode "The Doctor's Wife" when the Doctor is able to communicate directly with its mind, the TARDIS explains that it did not always take him where he wanted to go but that "I always took you where you needed to go."

The TARDIS is bigger on the inside than the outside, which is commented on by almost everyone who enters. On the inside, the TARDIS looks like a giant spaceship, but on the outside it looks like a police telephone box. These telephone boxes were still a common sight in many British cities when the series first began in 1963, but after the walkie-talkie was invented they were no longer needed. They were used by the police as workstations - and people could also use them to call the police.

The Doctor stole the TARDIS from a Time Lord museum when he began his travels. It was described as being a rather old "Type 40" model, whereas the best version is the "Type 70" used by the upper class Time Lords. The TARDIS has a device called the "chameleon circuit" which is supposed to change its shape on the outside to allow it to disguise it. In the very first story, this device stopped working and left the TARDIS stuck in the shape of a police box.

The farthest the Doctor has ever travelled in the TARDIS is to the Big Bang (the beginning of the Universe) and 100 trillion years into the future (the end of the Universe) (in the episode "Utopia"). The inside of the TARDIS is much bigger than its outside (it is "dimensionally transcendental"). It has a lot of different rooms. The most important of which is the "console room" where the Doctor pilots the TARDIS.

The Doctor usually takes other people with them, who are usually called "companions" or "assistants". The Doctor and their companions travel through space and time, have a lot of adventures, and often save many people. The character of the companion was there so that the people watching the series could identify and feel close to a character. The companions were often present-time humans, so people could feel close to them, and they knew as much as the viewers. Because of this, the Doctor could explain things to their companions, and at the same time to the viewers. Almost all the Doctor's companions have been human, or human-looking aliens. Two companions were robots.

Overview: The BBC's link to a visual summary of Dr Who's opponents: 

The Master is a renegade Time Lord. He is the Doctor's nemesis. He was conceived as "Professor Moriarty to the Doctor's Sherlock Holmes". The character first appeared in 1971, played by Roger Delgado. He continued in the role until his death in 1973. The Master was briefly played by Peter Pratt and Geoffrey Beevers until Anthony Ainley took over. He continued to play the character until Doctor Who's "hiatus" in 1989. The Master returned in the 1996 television movie of "Doctor Who", played by Gordon Tipple in the ultimately unused pre-credits voiceover, then Eric Roberts. The Master was in the three-part finale of the 2007 series, portrayed by Derek Jacobi. He regenerated into John Simm at the end of the episode "Utopia". Simm next appeared in the last (and two-part) episode of the Tenth Doctor in 2009/2010. He then regenerated off-screen into a "Time Lady" (Michelle Gomez), who returned for the Twelfth Doctor's first series in 2014. In Whittaker's run, the Master returned as Sacha Dhawan in 2020 and 2022

The Daleks are one of the most powerful races in the Doctor Who history. They are the Doctor's worst enemies. They are alien mutants that live inside metal machines that look like pepper pots. Each Dalek casing has an eyesalk, a gunstick and a sucker arm that looks like a plunger. Daleks believe that they should conquer the universe and "exterminate" all other lifeforms that they believe are lesser than them. They can not be easily hurt by guns because their casing reflects or destroys the bullets. They were created on the planet Skaro by an evil scientist named Davros.

The Daleks first appeared in the very first season of Doctor Who, in a serial called "The Daleks" shown between 1963 and 1964. They appeared in the episode "Revolution of the Daleks" in 2021.

Cybermen are another enemy of the Doctor. They are one of their worst enemies. In the original series, they come from the planet Mondas. In the new series, some of them come from a parallel universe. Cybermen travel across the universe taking people and turning them into machines. They stomp around saying "DELETE!". They kill by electrocution. They are partially vulnerable to the metal gold, and can be killed by gold bullets. They change their look over time, but stay recognizable by "handlebars" on their heads, and tear drops in their eyes.

The Doctor has faced them many times. The first was in "The Tenth Planet" (William Hartnell's last episode). A more recent episode was "World Enough and Time/The Doctor Falls" (the last two episodes of Peter Capaldi's last season).

The Sontarans are a group of aliens, bred in clone batches, that believe in war over anything else. They must face their enemy in combat because of their weak spot on the back of their neck, the probic vent. They have been said to look like baked potatoes.

The Doctor first met them in "The Time Warrior" (Jon Pertwee). They have been on the show and its spinoffs repeatedly.

The Sea Devils and the Silurians lived in the time of the dinosaurs until the catastrophe of the Moon's approach drove them into hibernation. They slept longer than planned and emerged late in the 20th century. The human scientist who discovered the Silurians estimated their era incorrectly. A later "Doctor Who" story said that they should have been classified as the Eocenes. A second species of hibernating Earth reptiles lived primarily underwater. They were labeled "sea devils" by a frightened, superstitious construction worker who encountered them.

The Ice Warriors are a species of war-like alien who come from the planet Mars. They are human-like green reptiles who can only live in cold climates. The Doctor had to stop them from invading the planet Earth when their home planet became too hot for them to live in. However, they later became a more peaceful species when they joined a group of planets called the Galactic Federation. Other planets in the Federation include Earth and Peladon.

The Weeping Angels are creatures who have existed since the beginning of the universe. Most of them look like stone statues of angels. They can send people back in time by touching them, which they use to feed off energy. They cannot move if someone is looking at them, unless that person looks away or blinks. Anything that looks like an angel can become a Weeping Angel, such as video footage of a Weeping Angel or even the Statue of Liberty.

The Time Lords are the alien race which the Doctor belongs to. They have two hearts. They can avoid dying by "regeneration" (transforming their bodies). The Time Lords were in some episodes in the classic series. Sometimes they were allies of the Doctor (at one point he became their president). Other times they were enemies. The Time Lords came from the planet Gallifrey.

Time Lords have the power to travel in time, but they choose not to use it to change the history of other planets. The Doctor disagrees with this, because they want to use time travel to fight on the side of good against evil. However, sometimes the Time Lords give the Doctor missions to change history for them. For example, in "Genesis of the Daleks" the Time Lords send the Doctor back in time to stop Davros from creating the Daleks.

Some Time Lords choose to break the rules of Time Lord society and become renegades. The Doctor and the Master are both renegade Time Lords. Other renegade Time Lords include the Meddling Monk and the Rani.

When the series returned in 2005, the Time Lords had disappeared in the "Time War". This was a very big war with the Daleks. The Doctor explained that he stopped the war by destroying Gallifrey, killing all of the Time Lords and Daleks. He believed he was the last of the Time Lords, until he discovered that the Master had also survived. Jenny, who was created artificially in "The Doctor's Daughter," is not a true Time Lord. For many years, the Doctor felt sorry for destroying Gallifrey. In the 2013 episode "The Day of the Doctor", the Doctor learns that he did not actually destroy his planet, but that he had moved it to another universe.

In the 2020 episode "The Timeless Children", the Doctor learns that she was not originally a Time Lord. Instead she came from another reality, and was adopted by someone from Gallifrey named Tecteun. Tecteun did experiments on the Doctor to take her power to regenerate and transplant it in other Gallifreyans. This is how the Time Lord race was created.

As of 2024, the Doctor has been played by fifteen actors. They are William Hartnell, Patrick Troughton, John Pertwee, Tom Baker, Peter Davison, Colin Baker, Sylvester McCoy, Paul McGann, John Hurt, Christopher Eccleston, David Tennant, Matt Smith, Peter Capaldi, Jodie Whittaker and Ncuti Gatwa.

When Time Lords are dying, they "regenerate." This causes a Time Lord's body to completely change, healing itself at the same time. Each time this happens, Time Lords have a different appearance and a different personality. Even with such big changes, Time Lords do not become different people, and will keep their memories each time they "regenerate." This periodic change makes them live a very long time.

A Time Lord is believed to only be able to regenerate 12 times. This means that Time Lords can have a total of 13 different incarnations. This line became stuck in the public consciousness despite not often being repeated, and was recognised by producers of the show as a plot obstacle for when the show finally had to regenerate the Doctor a thirteenth time. The episode "The Time of the Doctor" depicted the Doctor acquiring a new cycle of regenerations, starting from the Twelfth Doctor, due to the Eleventh Doctor being the product of the Doctor's twelfth regeneration from his original set.

A criminal incarnation of the Doctor was somehow spawned between his 12th and final lives - the 'Valeyard'. It tried to sacrifice the sixth Doctor so that he could obtain more "regenerations," allowing himself to live even longer.

The Master was already in his 13th life when he was introduced to the series. His 14th and 15th (and possibly later) incarnations were obtained by taking over the bodies of innocent victims. When the character returned to the show in 2007, the Master was in his 16th (or later) incarnation. Soon, he regenerates into his (~)17th incarnation. Later, he explains that the Time Lords resurrected him to be a great soldier when the Time Lords were fighting the Daleks in the Time War. It is likely that, having been resurrected, he had 12 more regenerations available to him.

A Time Lord can choose not to regenerate. It appears that the process happens all on its own when a Time Lord is dying. But, it can be stopped if the Time Lord does not want to regenerate. This was seen when the (~)17th incarnation of the Master chose to die from a gunshot wound instead of living on as a prisoner in the Doctor's TARDIS.

A Time Lord's body makes a huge amount of energy when regenerating. There is so much of this "regeneration energy" that a Time Lord can regrow a body part that gets removed, as long as it happens soon enough after regenerating. When the Doctor regenerated into his 10th incarnation, his hand was cut off in a sword fight. Because it had been less than 15 hours since he had regenerated into this incarnation, he was able to quickly grow a new hand.

If a Time Lord has kept a part of his or her body that had been removed (like the 10th Doctor's hand, from before), it can be used to keep a Time Lord from changing during regeneration. The 10th incarnation of the Doctor kept the hand that was cut off in the sword fight in a jar on board the TARDIS. Eventually, he was shot by a Dalek, and his body began the regeneration process. After his body had finished healing, but before his body could change into a new one, the Doctor sent all of the extra energy into the hand in the jar.

Just like any other TV program, Doctor Who has a theme tune that is well known. The theme tune has had many people composed and re-arranged the theme with people like Dick Mills, Delia Derbyshire, Peter Howell, Dominic Glynn, Keff Mcculloch, John Debney, Murray Gold and Segun Akinola who is the current composer for the current series. With current audio technology, several special 5.1 audios have been released which allows audio experts to isolate and reconstruct the theme.



Concentration camp

A concentration camp (or internment camp) is a place where a government forces people to live without trial. Usually, those people belong to groups the government does not like. The term means to confine (keep in a secure manner) "enemy citizens in wartime or terrorism suspects".

Some governments put people in concentration camps because they belong to a certain religion, race, or ethnic group.

Usually, people are sent to concentration camps without having had a trial or being found guilty of a crime.

Sometimes, governments send people to concentration camps to do forced labor or to be killed. For example, concentration camps were run by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union during World War II. The Nazis used concentration camps to kill millions of people in The Holocaust and force many others to work as slaves. However, many other countries have used concentration camps during wars or times of trouble.

The first modern concentration camps in the United States were created in 1838. Around this time, the United States was getting bigger. However, Native Americans lived in the lands that the United States wanted to take over.

In 1830, the United States Congress and President Andrew Jackson had passed a law called the Indian Removal Act. This law said that all Native Americans had to leave the United States and move to "Indian Territory," west of the Mississippi River. However, many Cherokee people would not leave their lands. In May 1838, the United States government decided to force the Cherokee to leave the United States.

First, soldiers forced about 17,000 Cherokee people, and 2,000 of their African-American slaves, into concentration camps, where they had to live during the summer of 1838. 353 Cherokee people died in the camps from dysentery and other diseases. Finally, the Cherokee were forced to travel to the area that is now Oklahoma. (At the time, Oklahoma was not in the United States.) The government also forced other Native American tribes to leave their lands and move west.

Soon, many people from the United States started to move west. Now the United States was moving into Native American lands again. Starting around the 1860s, many Native American tribes fought back. These fights are now called the Indian Wars. The United States government reacted by forcing Native Americans to leave their lands again and move into concentration camps. The government called these camps "Indian reservations." (They were called "reservations" because some land had been put aside, or "reserved," for the Native Americans.) However, Native Americans were not allowed to leave their reservations. On some reservations, many people, especially children, died from hunger and sickness.

During the American Civil War in the 1860s, soldiers who had been captured were sometimes put in camps. These camps were meant to be prisoner of war (POW) camps, with good conditions. However, as the war went on, both the Union and the Confederacy captured more enemy soldiers. The camps became very crowded, with terrible conditions. There was not enough food, and many men died from hunger. Also, there was also very little sanitation, which made it easy for diseases to spread. Many prisoners died from these diseases.

The deadliest prisoner of war camp during the Civil War was Andersonville prison. Andersonville was run by the Confederate States Army. At Andersonville, about one quarter of the prisoners died.  

Conditions at the Union's prisoner of war camps were also very bad. At four different Union camps, at least 15% of the prisoners in the camps died. At a camp called Fort Pulaski, Union soldiers starved 600 Confederate prisoners of war on purpose. 46 of them died. The Union soldiers did this to get revenge for how Union prisoners were treated at Andersonville Prison.

By the end of the Civil War, about 30,000 Union soldiers, and about 26,000 Confederate soldiers, had died in prisoner of war camps.

In the late 1800s, Cuba was a colony of the Spanish Empire. This meant Spain controlled Cuba. When Cuban people tried to rebel and fight for independence from 1895 to 1898, Spain created concentration camps and sent many Cuban people to live in them. This was called the "Reconcentrado" ("Reconcentration") Policy.

The people fighting for Cuban independence were guerrilla fighters. They did not wear military uniforms and could hide themselves in groups of civilians. They could also camp and hunt, without needing help from anybody to survive. To keep the guerrilla fighters from being able to do these things, the Spanish government decided to put Cuban people in concentration camps. The idea was that in the camps, Cuban people could be 'protected' by the Spanish Army until the Spanish Empire won the war. However, this idea did not work. At least 30% of the Cuban people in the camps died from hunger, disease, bad sanitation, and not having medicines. Also, the concentration camps did not help the Spanish win the war.

Between 1900 and 1902, the British Empire, led by Lord Kitchener, used concentration camps. At the time, they were fighting the Boer people in the Second Boer War in South Africa. At first, the British were not able to beat the Boers. They reacted by putting the Boer fighters' family members into concentration camps. They did this so these family members could not give food or help to the Boer fighters. The British soldiers also burned down the Boers' houses and farms, and destroyed all the crops they could find. They did this so the Boer fighters would not be able to find food or shelter anywhere.

Russia used prison camps, especially in places in the Arctic or Siberia, a long way from the main cities. The first prison camp in Russia was built in 1918. However, after the Soviet Union was formed in the 1922, the Soviet government started sending many more people to labor camps. By 1936, there were 5,000,000 inmates in these camps.

These camps are called "zone" in Russian. They are also commonly called "gulags". GULAG is an acronym for the Russian words "Main Camp Administration" (ru: Главное управление лагерей и мест заключения; Glavnoe upravlenye lagerey i mest zaklyucheniya). This was the government agency that was in charge of the prison camps while Josef Stalin led the Soviet Union. However, people who do not speak Russian often use the word "gulag" to talk about any forced labor camp in Russia or the Soviet Union.

People sent to the gulags included:

During World War II, Nazi Germany created many concentration camps, labor camps, and extermination camps (death camps). Nazi Germany's leader, Adolf Hitler, thought that certain groups of people were inferior (not as good as others). He even thought there were groups of people who did not deserve to live - he called them "life unworthy of life." These three groups were Jews, Roma people, and people with disabilities. Hitler wanted his Nazis to kill every Jew, Roma, and disabled person in Europe.

Hitler also wanted to get rid of other groups he did not like, including people who he thought might challenge or fight the Nazi government. These people included socialists, communists, people of certain religions, and members of resistance movements (groups who tried to fight the Nazis any way they could).

The Nazis sent many of these people to concentration camps to work as slave labor. After a few years, some camps were set up just to kill people. These are now called "extermination camps" or "death camps." At these camps, people were killed in gas chambers, shot, worked to death, and marched to death. Many people also died from disease and starvation in the camps.

More than half of the Jewish people who died in the Holocaust died at Nazi concentration camps. Just in the Auschwitz camps, at least 1.1 million people died (about 1,000,000 Jews and about 75,000 non-Jewish people, like Poles). Towards the end of World War II, the Nazis killed up to 20,000 people a day in the camps' gas chambers.

With Nazi Germany's support, the Ustaše government of the new Independent State of Croatia (ISC) created concentration camps and extermination camps. Mainly, the camps were for Serbs. The ISC hated Serbs and thought of them as the ISC's biggest enemy. However, the Ustaše also helped the Nazis with the "Final Solution" by killing many Jews in these camps. Other people the Ustaše forced into the camps included Roma, Croats, Yugoslavians who had fought against the ISC, and people who broke rules and laws set by the ISC.

During World War II, the United States forced over 110,000 Japanese-Americans into internment camps.

On December 7, 1941, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. In February 1942, the United States government ordered that nobody with Japanese ancestry could live on the West Coast. The government, led by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, thought that Japanese-American people might be spies for Japan, or might try to hurt the United States.

About 80% of the Japanese-American people who lived in the continental United States were forced to leave their homes and live in internment camps. More than three out of every five of these people were born in the United States, and were United States citizens. About half of the people sent to the camps were children.

After Canada declared war on Japan, it also forced people with Japanese ancestry into internment camps.

In the 1980s, the United States government admitted that Japanese-Americans were not a danger to the country during World War II. In 1988, President Ronald Reagan signed a law that apologized for the internment camps. The law said "there was no ... reason for the internment ... [and] the internment was caused by racial prejudice, war hysteria, and a failure of [government] leadership[.]"

During World War II, Italy's fascist government (led by Benito Mussolini) was Nazi Germany's ally. Italy had taken over Yugoslavia, Greece, and the southeast part of France. The Nazis told Italy to put Jews from these areas in concentration camps and then send them to the Nazis' death camps. However, Italy refused. The Italian military and police would not help kill or deport Jews.

However, in 1943, after Mussolini had lost power, Nazi Germany took over northern and central Italy. They also put Mussolini back in power. The Nazis created concentration camps to hold Italian Jews and other prisoners until they could be sent to death camps. In one of these concentration camps, called La Risiera di San Sabba, the Nazis tortured and murdered about 5,000 people. Many of these people were "political prisoners" - people who disagreed with the government.

The number of Nazi German occupation government's prison camps, were "around 500" or 709 including some death camps.

When Josef Stalin and the Soviet Union invaded Poland at the start of World War II, the Red Army deported at least 1.5 million Poles at gunpoint. They were forced to get into cattle wagons (train cars), which took them to Siberia. Whole families were deported to concentration camps, including children and the elderly.

During the war, the Soviet Union also used gulags to hold prisoners of war from Nazi Germany and its allies.

During the 1970s and 1980s, many military dictatorships in Latin America set up concentration camps to imprison, torture, and kill their political opponents (people who disagreed with them). For example:

The Soviet Union kept using forced labour camps after World War II. In fact, the people they sent to the gulags after the war included Soviet soldiers and civilians who had been taken prisoner by the Nazis, or used as slave workers in Nazi Germany.
In 1973, Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, a Russian writer, wrote "The Gulag Archipelago" about his experiences in a Soviet work camp.

In the 1990s there were several concentration camps during the Yugoslav Wars.

Since January 2002, the United States has run the Guantánamo Bay prison camp. Some people have called Guantánamo a concentration camp or a gulag. These people have included Fidel Castro, the leader of Amnesty International, and other activist groups like CounterPunch.

The Pacific Solution is the name given to the Australian government policy of transporting asylum seekers to detention centres on island nations in the Pacific Ocean, rather than allowing them to land on the Australian mainland.

Often said to be "the world's largest blockade", the Gaza Strip has been blockaded since 2007 by Israel and Egypt, preventing weapons from being smuggling in, while supplying basic goods like spices, candles, fishing equipment, baby chicks, and even cement. Israel's military has been active in the region to ensure Israel's safety.

Ribosome

Ribosomes are important cell organelles. They are machines: tiny molecular robots which make proteins. They do RNA translation, building proteins from amino acids using messenger RNA as a template. Ribosomes are found in all living cells, prokaryotes as well as eukaryotes.

A ribosome is a mixture of protein and RNA that starts being made in the nucleolus of a cell. The nucleolus is in the nucleus. The nucleus is protected by the nuclear envelope, and lets things out through the nuclear pores. Ribosomes move from the nucleolus into the cytoplasm. Most ribosomes sit on the endoplasmic reticulum, but are also found throughout the cytoplasm.

"The job of the ribosome is to make new proteins". It does this by moving along a strand of messenger RNA and building a protein based on the code it reads. Making a protein this way is called translation. 

We need up to 10 million robots (ribosomes) in every cell. To get this number, cells have many copies of rRNA genes. We inherit about 400 rRNA genes across five different chromosomes.

Ribosomes are made out of two things: a small ribosomal subunit that reads the mRNA, while the large subunit joins amino acids to form a polypeptide chain. Each subunit is composed of one or more ribosomal RNA (rRNA) molecules and a variety of proteins.

Eukaryotes have 80S ribosomes, each consisting of a small (40S) and large (60S) subunit. Their small subunit has a 16S RNA sub-unit (consisting of 1540 nucleotides) bound to 21 proteins. The large subunit has a 5S RNA (120 nucleotides), a 28S RNA (4700 nucleotides), a 5.8S RNA (160 nucleotides) subunits and 46 proteins.

Ribosomes evolved as cells evolved. Prokaryote (bacterial) ribosomes have just a single RNA chain. Archaeal ribosomes are similar.

Only Eukaryotic ribosomes have the full gear, which is a total 80S ribosome with a small 40S unit plus a large 60S subunit. 

William Hartnell

William Henry Hartnell (8 January 1908 – 23 April 1975) was an English actor. He best known for playing the First Doctor on "Doctor Who" from 1963 to 1966.

He was born in St Pancras, London. In 1932, he was in a movie called "Say It With Music". He was in more than sixty movies. He usually played funny characters until 1944, when he was a sergeant in a movie called "The Way Ahead". After that, he played a lot of policemen and soldiers. He was the main character in a movie called "Carry on Sergeant" in 1958. From 1957 to 1961, he appeared on a television show called "The Army Game" and in 1963, gave up movies and became the first Doctor in "Doctor Who". "Doctor Who" was a new television show.

Hartnell was in "Doctor Who" for three years. In 1966, he got sick. He forgot some of his lines, and argued with the people who made the show. Then he left "Doctor Who". Patrick Troughton became the new Doctor.

Hartnell's health got worse and in December 1974, he went to hospital. On 23 April 1975, he died in his sleep at the age of 67.

According to some of his colleagues on "Doctor Who", he could be a difficult person to work with. Others, though, such as actors Peter Purves and William Russell, and producer Verity Lambert, spoke glowingly of him after more than 40 years. Carole Ann Ford, who played the Doctor's granddaughter Susan, has said she and Hartnell "got on terribly well", saying "It upsets me when I hear people saying he was difficult to work with, he was very sweet" Hartnell also adored Verity Lambert, and had great respect for Waris Hussein. Hartnell also admired singer Paul Robeson. In his "Desert Island Discs" interview, Hartnell stated that Paul Robeson was his hero and described him as having a voice like crushed velvet.

Patrick Troughton

Patrick George Troughton (25 March 1920 – 28 March 1987) was a British actor. He played different sorts of characters and who was in a lot of movies. 

He is best known as the Second Doctor on "Doctor Who" from 1966 to 1969. He also appeared in "Jason & the Argonauts" (1963) and "The Omen" (1976). His grandson, Harry Melling plays Dudley Dursley in the "Harry Potter" series of movies.

Jon Pertwee

John Devon Roland Pertwee (7 July 1919 – 20 May 1996), better known as Jon Pertwee, was an English actor. He is best known for playing the role of the Third Doctor on "Doctor Who" from 1970 to 1974 and also the title scarecrow in the television children's comedy series "Worzel Gummidge". His son is actor Sean Pertwee.

He was a cousin of actor Bill Pertwee who played Chief Warden Hodges in the comedy "Dad's Army".


Tom Baker

Thomas Stewart Baker (born 20 January 1934), who is known professionally by his credited stage name as Tom Baker, is an English character actor and writer. He is perhaps best known for his work by playing the Fourth Doctor in the long-running BBC science fiction television programme, "Doctor Who".

Baker was born in Liverpool. His father was a sailor, and was Jewish. His mother was Roman Catholic. Baker was not very academic and struggled at school. He failed the eleven plus exam. Baker became a monk when he was 15. When he decided to change his life, he first worked in the Royal Army Medical Corps, and then as a construction worker. He took up acting first as a hobby, then professionally.

His first big part was as Grigori Rasputin in the 1971 movie, "Nicholas and Alexandra". Baker is best known for playing the Fourth Doctor in the long-running science fiction television series "Doctor Who". He played this role from 1974 to 1981. When he got the job, he was working on a building site, because it was hard to find work as an actor.

He is famous for playing the Doctor longer than any other actor. His version of the character is probably the best remembered by many people. As he thought of himself as a role model for children, he would always pretend to be the Doctor in real life, and sign autographs for them. He did not like to see too much violence in Doctor Who. He once changed the script so the Doctor threatened a character with a jelly baby instead of a knife.
Baker Portrayed Puddleglum the marshwiggle in bbc's adaptation of The chronicles of Narnia the silver chair in 1990.
He was a narrator for the comedy sketch show "Little Britain."

Baker has had many jobs as a voiceover artist. He is very recognized for his voice. He provided his voice for heirloom audios production adaptation of beric the Briton. In a 2005 survey of British adults, Baker's voice was the fourth most recognisable after the Queen, Tony Blair and Margaret Thatcher.

Nazi Germany

Nazi Germany (officially known as the German Reich from 1933 to 1943, later known as the Greater German Reich from 1943 to 1945), is the period when Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party controlled Germany. It is also sometimes called the Third Reich (), which means the 'Third Empire' or 'Third Realm'. The first German empire was the Holy Roman Empire which lasted from the year 800 or 962 until it collapsed in 1806 in the Napoleonic Wars. The second was the German Empire of 1871 - 1918 which collapsed in 1918 when Kaiser Wilhelm II was forced to abdicate the throne when the Weimar Republic was formed in 1918. The Nazis said they were making the third, even if itself never was the monarchy at all. However, the term 'Third Reich' was more popular in other countries. In Germany it was merely The Reich (pronounced 'rike') or the Greater German Reich ().

Adolf Hitler led Nazi Germany until it was defeated in World War II in the Battle of Berlin, when he killed himself in 1945. The Nazi Party was destroyed in the same year as its leaders ran away, were arrested, or killed themselves. Some were executed for war crimes by the Western and Soviet powers. Others survived, with some of them getting important jobs. However, their racial policies never again held power in Germany.

The Nazi government was formed under the idea that the "Aryan race" (pure white Germans) deserved to rule over all other races. This idea gained respect after the Great Depression made many important Germans poor and powerless. Hitler blamed the problems on Jews, communists, liberals, and many others. He made many Germans feel like they were innocent victims who had to take charge over Europe. The Nazis also tried to create an empire with colonies, and used their ally Italy's colonies in Africa as a model.

When the Nazi government was destroyed at the end of World War II, Germany was split into four "occupation zones". The Soviet Union took East Germany while the United Kingdom, France, and the United States took portions of West Germany.

The Nazis came to power in 1933 and made their power absolute with an "Enabling Act of 1933" and an unfair referendum. They centralized Germany, replacing local self-government. They strengthened the economy by doing business with major companies like General Motors and IBM. They expanded the Wehrmacht, Afrika Korps and Waffen-SS to control the local police, and started the Gestapo to find, jail, and kill political enemies. They immediately banned Jews from important jobs, and soon restricted them in other ways. After a few years they built the armed forces far beyond the limits of the Treaty of Versailles. They also cooperated and made agreements with Italy and Japan.

On September 1st, 1939, German forces attacked Poland, which began World War II. With over a million troops, Hitler's army easily took over Poland, losing about 59,000 soldiers. Their country was also attacked by the Soviet Union from the east. Poland lost over 900,000 soldiers.

On October 12, 1939, Hitler sent a letter to the United Kingdom promising peace. The British continued the war.

Hitler conquered France in the Battle of France. Then he sent the Luftwaffe to attack England. Winston Churchill, now Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, did not surrender. The Battle of Britain lasted from July to October 1940. When it failed, Hitler ordered the mass bombardment of London. That also failed, and Hitler decided to face east for his racial war of destroying the Slavs and Jews. This gave Britain time to regain power.

In 1941, Hitler ordered ""Operation Barbarossa."" It lasted from June 22, 1941 until December 5, 1941. Joseph Stalin, the leader of the Soviet Union, had weakened his army with his Great Purges, which had killed many Russian officers before the war.

During Operation Barbarossa, many more Soviet soldiers died than Germans. At Stalingrad, however, about a million soldiers died on each side. While the Soviet Union could replace its losses, Germany could not.

After Stalingrad, the Germans lost their momentum. The Soviets learned from the long campaigns, fought better, and gained many new weapons from very efficient factories. The United States, Britain, France, and the Soviet Union fought together, and pushed against the smaller German army. In May 1945, they took over Berlin to win the war. Many people from all sides of the war died fighting in Europe, including:


While fighting in the Eastern Front:



Jim Reeves

James Travis "Jim" Reeves (August 20, 1923 in Galloway, Texas - July 31, 1964 in Nashville, Tennessee) was an American country singer. He died in a plane crash.

Dusty Springfield

Dusty Springfield (16 April 1939 – 2 March 1999) was an English singer. Her real name was Mary Isobel Catherine Bernadette O'Brien. Her musical career lasted from the late 1950s to the 1990s. She recorded over 200 songs during this time. She became one of the most successful female singers in Britain. She made soul music. Between 1963 and 1989, she had six top 20 singles on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and 16 on the United Kingdom Singles Chart. She is a member of both the US Rock and Roll and UK Music Halls of Fame. She is famous as a pop icon of the Swinging Sixties.

Springfield was born in London. She learned to sing at home. She liked American jazz music, and wanted to sound like that. In 1958, she joined her first professional group, The Lana Sisters. Two years later, she formed a singing trio, The Springfields. Her solo career began in 1963. Her first successful song was "I Only Want to Be with You". Other successful songs followed: "Wishin' and Hopin'" (1964), "I Just Don't Know What to Do with Myself" (1964), "You Don't Have to Say You Love Me" (1966), and "Son of a Preacher Man" (1968).

Later, she worked in Memphis, Tennessee on a soul album with Atlantic Records. The album was called "Dusty in Memphis". It was released in 1969. It has been ranked among the greatest albums of all time by the magazine "Rolling Stone", and in polls by VH1 artists, "New Musical Express" readers, and Channel 4 viewers. The album was also awarded a spot in the Grammy Hall of Fame.

Springfield was openly bisexual.

In March 1999 Springfield was going to go to Buckingham Palace to be given her award of Officer, Order of the British Empire. Springfield was given the award early in January 1999 in hospital.

Springfield died of breast cancer on 3 March 1999. Her name was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame two weeks later, on 16 March.

The Offspring

The Offspring is an American punk group formed in 1984 in Garden Grove, California. Their music has covered both punk rock and pop punk.



The band was founded by Dexter Holland and Greg Kriesel after a concert of Social Distortion as "Manic Subsidal". As soon as Kevin "Noodles" Wasserman joined the band as their second guitarist in 1985, they changed their name to "The Offspring".

It would not be until ten years after forming that The Offspring saw its first piece of commercial success in its third album, "Smash", which was released in 1994. Regarded by many as The Offspring's classic release, and Epitaph Records' best-selling album, "Smash" produced four successful hit singles: "Come Out and Play" (which reached #1 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart), "Self Esteem", "Gotta Get Away" and the radio-only single "Bad Habit". From there, The Offspring became one of the most important punk bands of the 1990s, along with ALL, Bad Religion, Face to Face, Green Day, Guttermouth, Lagwagon, NOFX, Pennywise, Rancid, Social Distortion, The Vandals, and many others.

Their most recent album was released April 16, 2021.


Aretha Franklin

Aretha Louise Franklin (March 25, 1942 – August 16, 2018) was an American soul and R&B singer. She was called the "Queen of Soul". She was best known for her songs "Respect", "Think", "Chain of Fools", and "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman".

Aretha Louise Franklin was born at a two-room house in Memphis located at 406 Lucy St. She was the third of four children born to Barbara (née Siggers) and C.L. Franklin and the fifth of six overall in between past relationships by her parents. Franklin's family moved to Buffalo, when Franklin was two, and then by four, had settled in Detroit. Following the move to Detroit, Franklin's parents, who had a troubled marriage, split. Due to her father's work as a Baptist minister, Franklin was primarily raised by her grandmother, Rachel. Franklin suffered a tragedy when her mother died in Buffalo when Aretha was ten. Franklin sang in church at an early age and learned how to play piano by ear. By her late preteens, Franklin was regularly singing solo numbers in her father's New Bethel Baptist Church . Franklin's father, C.L. (short for Clarence LaVaughn), was a respected and popular preacher. Franklin grew up with local and national celebrities hanging out at her father's home including gospel greats Albertina Walker and her group The Caravans, Mahalia Jackson and Clara Ward, three women who played a pivotal role in her vocal development as a child.

Franklin married Ted White in 1961 but divorced him in 1969. She had four sons, one of which she shares with White.

Franklin was married to Glynn Turman from 1978 to 1984.

In 1998, Franklin performed at that year's VH1 "Divas Live" concert with Céline Dion, Carole King, Mariah Carey, Shania Twain, and Gloria Estefan to sing songs like "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman", "Testify", and "You've Got a Friend in Me".
Franklin is one of the most honored artists by the Grammy Awards, with 18 competitive Grammys and two honorary Grammys. She had 20 #1 singles on the Billboard R&B Singles Chart and two #1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100: "Respect" (1967) and "I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)" (1987), a duet with George Michael. Since 1961, she had a total of 45 Top 40 hits on the Billboard Hot 100. She also had 14 singles that sold more than one million – more than any other female artist. Between 1967 and 1982 she had 10 #1 R&B albums – more than any other female artist.

Rolling Stone magazine ranked her at top of its list "The Greatest Singers of All Time" In 2005, she was awarded The Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush. On February 6, 2006, she performed, along with Aaron Neville, "The Star-Spangled Banner" at Super Bowl XL. The same year she got an honorary Doctor of Music degree by the Berklee College of Music.2010, Franklin received an Honorary Doctorate in Music from Yale University.

In 1987, Franklin became the first female artist to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. She was the only featured singer at the 2009 presidential inauguration of Barack Obama.

In 2010, Franklin underwent cancer surgery for purported pancreatic cancer. In 2013, she cancelled two tours due to an unknown illness.

In 2017, Franklin cancelled many concerts due to an unknown illness. She asked her fans to keep her in their prayers.

On August 13, 2018, Franklin was reported to be gravely ill at her home around Detroit. She was reported to be under hospice care and surrounded by friends and family. Stevie Wonder and Jesse Jackson, and others had visited her. Franklin died at home in Detroit on August 16 of that year at 76 from advanced pancreatic cancer. "Business Insider" reported that Franklin's net worth was $80 million at the time of her death and that she did not leave a will.

In 2020, singer and actress Jennifer Hudson will play Franklin in the 2020 movie about her life titled "Respect".

Franklin won 20 Grammy Awards in her lifetime, including two special awards for Living Legend (1991) and Lifetime Achievement (1994).

Tomato

The tomato ("Solanum lycopersicum") is a vegetable/botanical fruit, or specifically, a berry (but not a fruit as ordinary people use the word).

It is shiny and smooth. It has many small seeds. It is also very good for health. Most tomatoes are red. The tomato is green when it is unripe. It slowly changes color from green to red as it gets ripe, and as it gets ripe it gets bigger and bigger. There are many different types of tomatoes. Some kinds of tomato are yellow or orange when they are ripe. Tomatoes are used a lot in Italian food. They are also used to make ketchup. Tomatoes are called fruit, because they contain seeds. Tomato seeds get spread around by being eaten by animals. After being eaten the seeds pass through the animal's digestive system. Although tomatoes are really fruits, many people call them vegetables and treat them like vegetables when they cook.

The tomato is native to western South America. Wild versions were small, like cherry tomatoes, and most likely yellow instead of red. The Spanish first introduced tomatoes to Europe, where they became used in Spanish and Italian food. The French and northern Europeans wrongly thought that they were poisonous as they are a member of the deadly nightshade family. The leaves and immature fruit contains tomatine, which in large amounts would be toxic. However, the ripe fruit contains no tomatine.

The tomato is grown and eaten around the world. It is used in many ways, such as raw in salads or in slices, stewed, a part of a wide variety of dishes, or processed into ketchup or tomato soup. Unripe green tomatoes can also be breaded and fried, used to make salsa, or pickled. Tomato juice is sold as a drink, and is used in cocktails such as the Bloody Mary.

Tomatoes contain many nutrients but is highest in vitamin C and potassium. A medium tomato contains approximately 15 grams of vitamin C and 290 grams of potassium.



Pineapple

The pineapple is a fruit. It is native to South America, Central America and the Caribbean. The word "pineapple" came from European explorers, who thought the fruit looked similar to a pine cone. The pineapple is a tropical plant and it must not be kept under 10 degrees. It takes a long time for the pineapple to grow. It mainly depends on the location and the growing conditions it gets. If the temperature is warm, the pineapple will grow faster. On average, it takes about two to three years to grow. If the fruit travels by boat, the fruit must be picked before ripening, since the trip takes a long time. Sometimes, pineapple has to travel by boat to be accessible to all. It is different for air travel. The pineapple can be picked when it is grown, since travel time is short. In most countries, pineapples are called "ananas".

A pineapple contains fiber and vitamin C. The stem of the pineapple has an enzyme having healing effects, anti-inflammatory effects and it may reduce edema. The enzyme from the pineapple is beneficial for a person who wants to go on a good diet. Pineapple contains a lot of manganese; the body needs manganese to build strong bones.

In the world, there are a lot of varieties of pineapples. In fact, there are more than one hundred varieties that grow in different sizes. Four of those are the main varieties:

Early Europeans commonly called any kind of fruit an "apple". The Spanish thought pineapples looked like pine cones. Pineapples have nothing to do with pine cones and apples, but because of the similar shape between the pineapple and the pine cone, most people change it into symbolism. Both have been used for symbolizing fertility. The pineapple symbolized friendship and hospitality to the Caribs. These people usually hung pineapples outside their huts to show their welcome.

Pear

The term pear may refer to a number of fruits produced and consumed around the world, growing on a tree and harvested in the Northern Hemisphere in late summer into October. Its shape is a teardrop, the flavor of pears is best when they are cool. They are juicy. Pears do not ripen well on trees. They can be soft in the center. They can be baked, canned, frozen, or eaten fresh. They can be made into jams, jellies or juice. They can also be made into pies and put into salads or baby food. They are eighty three percent water. It has a green, red, yellow, or brown skin. The pear originated from Europe, Africa and Asia. Pear trees grow in heavy soil.

Pears are in the subfamily Maloideae with apples. It is a subfamily of the family "Rosaceae".

The pear comes from the tree Pyrus communis, also called the common pear tree. The tree can be high. They live an average of 65 years. It starts as a pyramid-shaped tree. As it grows becomes rounded. It ends up becoming oval. This tree has gray bark covered with cracks. Its leaves are dark green and long. The flowers are pink or white and up to long.

The pear needs soil that is neither too dry nor too wet. It grows best in temperate and humid climates. 

According to Pear Bureau Northwest, about 3000 known varieties of pears are grown worldwide.

The pear comes from Eastern Europe and Western Asia. It grew during the Neolithic era. Its standard form is the result of different hybridizations from wild specimens.

The pear was also cultivated by the Romans, who ate the fruits raw or cooked, just like apples.


Melon

A melon is any kind of edible, fleshy fruit in the Cucurbitaceae family. Many different cultivars have been produced, especially of muskmelons. Botanically speaking, the melon is a fruit, but some kinds are often considered vegetables. Most melons belong to the genus "Cucumis", but there are also some that belong to "Benincasa", "Citrullus" and "Momordica". The muskmelon belongs to "Cucumis", while the watermelon belongs to "Citrullus".

The word "melon" comes from the Latin ', which itself comes from the Greek (').

Melons come from Africa and southwest Asia. They gradually began to appear in Europe toward the end of the Roman Empire. Melons were introduced to America by early settlers, who grew honeydew and casaba melons as early as the 1600s. A number of Native American groups in New Mexico have a tradition of growing their own kinds of melon cultivars, derived from melons originally introduced by the Spanish.

Melons are a nutritious food. The seeds of cantaloupe were used in China to moderate fevers and the digestive system. Elsewhere, seeds were ground into a powder and used to treat tuberculosis. Cantaloupes are particularly beneficial to people with heart disease, as they have large of amounts of an anticoagulant known as adenosine. They also have high levels of potassium, which benefits those with high blood pressure. Due to their high water content, all melons are considered diuretics.

There is also evidence that suggests that eating melons can lower the risk of cancer. USDA researchers discovered that melons have lycopene, an antioxidant found in a select group of fruits and vegetables. Lycopene treats and prevents cancer by trapping free-radicals in cells.


Raspberry

A raspberry is an aggregate fruit, meaning it has many parts joined together. It is similar to a blackberry, but the fruit is hollow on the inside. There are many different species of raspberry plants, but only a few of them have fruit that are sold in stores. Leaves of the raspberry plant are also used fresh or dried in herbal teas. The raspberry is red when ripe, and is also a source of nectar for juices. Raspberries are a popular fruit in some parts of the world.

A raspberry plant typically grows in fields or in forest clearings where fire or wood-cutting has produced open space. As a cultivated plant in moist temperate regions, it is easy to grow. It has a tendency to spread unless cut back.

Two types of raspberry plants can be bought in stores: the older summer-bearing type and double- or "ever"-bearing plants. Raspberry plants make stalks each year. The fruit grows on these stalks. These stalks last for 2 years. Both the summer and everbearing plants create the fruit in the summer of the second year of the stalk. The stalks of the everbearing plant also creates fruit in the fall of the first year.

The raspberry fruit that are sold in stores come from plants that are hybrids between two species, "Rubus idaeus", European red raspberry, and "Rubus strigosus", American red raspberry. Fruit from "Rubus occidentalis", black raspberry, are sometimes available, and hybrids with red fruit exist. These three species are in the same subgenus, "Rubus" subgenus "Idaeobatus".

Other raspberry species in "Rubus" subgenus "Idaeobatus" include:

Other raspberry species that are not in "Rubus" subgenus "Idaeobatus" include:

Plum

A plum is a sweet fruit that grows on a plum tree. The scientific name for the tree is "Prunus" "domestica". When the fruit is dried, it is called a prune. The color "plum" takes its name from the fruit.

Prunus domestica is the European plum. Most of the plums we eat are grown on varieties of this tree. Greengages and damsons are varieties of plum.

The plant is usually a large shrub or a small tree. It has attractive white blossom in spring. The branches often have thorns. The fruit can be up to 8 cm across, and is usually sweet (dessert plum). Some varieties are sour and require cooking with sugar. The fruit has a single large seed inside.

Some plum trees need another plum tree growing nearby to fertilise the flowers. Without this the plum tree may not produce any fruit.

Plum colored plums are called "purple plums" and are a deep purple color; other plums are reddish purple. Some other plums can be yellow, red, green or even white. The fruit has a groove running down one side, and a smooth stone (seed). The flesh of the fruit is brownish and is very juicy. The skin can be eaten. It can also be used to make jam and the juice can be used to make wine. It is closely related to the apricot.

Plums contain many nutrients but is highest in vitamin C and potassium. A single plum contains approximately 6 grams of vitamin C and 100 grams of potassium.

There are many cultivars of plum. 
Plums come in a wide variety of colors and sizes. Some are much firmer-fleshed than others, and some have yellow, white, green or red flesh, with equally varying skin color. These are some of the best-kown:


Plum Nutrition Facts

Peach

The peach is a species of the "Prunus persica", and is a fruit tree of the rose family "Rosaceae". They grow in the warm regions of both the northern and southern hemispheres.

Peach blossoms are small to medium-sized. The tree is sometimes up to 6.5 m (21 feet) in height. When it is grown by people, the height it is usually kept between 3 and 4 m (10 and 13 feet) by pruning. Its leaves are green and pointy. They usually have glands that make a liquid to attract insects.

Peaches are also called stone fruits because they have a shell of hard wood around their seed, called a stone or a pit. The skin of a peach is an orange or yellow color, and it is covered in small hairs called "peach fuzz". A peach without the fuzz is usually called a nectarine. The inside of a peach is a golden color. It tastes sweet and sticky. Because of this, peaches are often part of desserts.

The peach first came from China. It has been grown from at least since 1000 B.C.E. In Chinese culture, the peach tree is considered to be the tree of life and peaches are symbols of immortality. Peach blossoms are carried by Chinese brides. It is also considered as the "National fruit of Afghanistan" and the ""Provincial fruit of Balochistan, Pakistan"" respectively.

Because of the cold winter, diseases, and pests, peach trees can usually only live about 10 to 12 years. However, if a peach tree is fertilized properly, and taken care of in the right way, it may live more years.

"Brown rot" is a very dangerous kind of peach disease. It can attack the blossoms and stop the fruit from developing. If it is not stopped quickly, good quality fruit can not be produced from the peach tree.

"Peach leaf curl", which is another very serious disease, makes the leaves curl up and begin to die in spring. It can be stopped if it meets fungicide.

"Bacterial spot" gives harm to the leaves, twigs and fruit. By the time the disease is recognized, it is often too late to stop it. However, some kind of sprays may be used early in the next season to protect the peach tree.

"Cankers" is a kind of disease that infects the twigs and branches. They make large amounts of amber-colored gum spill out from the infected branch. Later, the bark will crack open completely and the tissue of the twig turns black. Cankers can be removed by pruning.

There are several kinds of insect pests that can be great trouble to the peach. The Oriental fruit moth can make the peaches filled with worms and young growing tips may die. The plum curculio lays its eggs on the fruit, and makes them drop off or become filled with worms. Insects like the tarnished plant bug and the stink bug eat up the fruit that is still developing. Borers attack the base of the trunk and the branches.

Fig

Fig (genus "Ficus") is a soft, sweet fruit. Its skin is very thin and has many small seeds inside of it. There are more than 850 kinds of "Ficus", the fig tree.

The fruits can be eaten when ripe and when dried. Figs grow in warm climates. Sometimes, figs are made into jam. Figs are also in a popular snack.

Figs are pollinated by fig wasps.

Many figs are grown for their fruit, though only the common fig is grown to any amount for eating.

The fig is a false fruit or multiple fruit, in which the flowers and seeds grow together to form a single mass. Depending on the type, each fruit can contain up to several hundred to several thousand seeds.

A fig "fruit" is derived from a special type of an arrangement of multiple flowers. In this case, it is a turned inwards, nearly closed, with many small flowers arranged on the inside.

Then the actual flowers of the fig are not seen unless the fig is cut open. It is a fruit without a seen flower.

The fig fruits, important as both food and traditional medicine, contain laxative substances, pigments, sugars, vitamins A and C, acids and enzymes. However, figs are skin allergies, and the sap is a big eye irritant.

Some 'virgin fruit' farms of common figs do not require pollination at all, and will produce a crop of seedless edible figs without fig wasps. This section explains how this is done.


The syconium often has a bulbous shape with a small opening (the ostiole) at the outward end used by pollinators. The flowers are pollinated by very small wasps which crawl through the opening in search of a suitable place to lay eggs.

Without this, fig trees cannot reproduce by seed. In turn, the flowers provide a safe haven and nourishment for the next generation of wasps. This has led to a co-evolutionary relationship.

Fig plants can be monoecious (hermaphrodite) or gynodioecious (hermaphrodite and female). Nearly half of fig species are gynodioecious, and have plants with inflorescences (syconium) with long styled pistillate flowers, or have plants with staminate flowers mixed with short styled pistillate flowers. The long flower styles tend to prevent wasps from laying their eggs within the ovules, while the short styled flowers are accessible for egg laying.

The common fig ("Ficus carica") is a gynodioecious plant, which means its fruits are either hermaphrodite and "inedible figs" or caprifigs. In traditional culture in the Mediterranean region they were considered food for goats ("Capra aegagrus"): 'caprifig' means 'goat fig'. In the female fig trees, the male flower parts fail to develop; they produce the "edible figs".

Fig wasps grow in caprifigs but not in the female syconiums. The female flower is too long for the wasp to successfully lay her eggs in them. Nonetheless, the wasp pollinates the flower with pollen from the caprifig it grew up in. When the wasp dies, it is broken down by enzymes inside the fig. This means you do not eat the wasp because it has been dissolved. The wasp does not transmit any diseases harmful to humans.

The edible fig is one of the first plants that were cultivated by humans.

There is typically "only one species of wasp that is able to pollinate the flowers of each type of fig". For example, in Hawaii, some 60 types of figs have been introduced, but only four of the wasps that pollinate them have been introduced, so only four species of figs produce possible seeds there. This is an example of a helping relationship, in which each fig plant and fig wasp benefit each other.

The close relationship between fig types and their pollinators, and the one-to-one plant-pollinator ratio are a clear example of coevolution. Recent analyses have shown a close correspondence in the evolution and evolutionary process of these two, figs and wasps.


Grapefruit

Grapefruit is a citrus fruit grown in sub-tropical places. It is bigger than an orange and is often more sour, but many types of grapefruit have other flavors.

The tree which the grapefruit grows on is normally 5-6 meters tall but can reach up to 15 meters tall. It has dark green leaves that measure up to 150mm and has white flowers that grow 5cm in length. The fruit itself can grow 10-15cm in diameter. In 2007, there were about 5,061,023 tons of grapefruits made worldwide, most of the tons coming from the U.S. There are many different kinds of grapefruits with different color pulp. The most popular colors are red, white and pink. There are also a wide range of flavors grapefruits have, from highly acidic and bitter to sweet.

Grape

Grapes, otherwise known as berries, are the fruit of a woody grape vine. Grapes can be eaten raw, or used for making wine, juice, and jelly/jam. Grapes come in different colours; red, purple, white, and green are some examples. Today, grapes can be seedless, by using machines to pit the fruit. Wild grapevines are often considered a nuisance weed, as they cover other plants with their usually rather aggressive growth.

Raisins are the dried fruit of the grapevine, and the name actually comes from the French word for "grape."

Since the early 21st century in the United States and other countries, and the global functional food industry, there has been a fast-growing recognition of red grapes for their popularity, nutrient content and antioxidant qualities. This has given them commercial status as a "superfruit".

The leaves of the grapevine itself are considered edible (eatable). They are used to make dolmades.

Grapevines are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species.

According to the "Food and Agriculture Organization" (FAO), almost 76,000 square kilometres of the world is used to grow grapes. About 71% of grapes are used for wine. 27% are used as fresh fruit, and 2% are used as dried fruit. A part of grape production goes to making grape juice to be used as a sweetener for fruits canned "with no added sugar" and "100% natural". The area dedicated to vineyards is increasing by about 2% per year. 

The following list of top wine-producers shows the areas used to grow grapes for wine making, although of course country size is a limiting factor, as well as the economic demand for their product.

Comparing diets among western countries, researchers have found that although the French usually eat more animal fat than other countries, the number of cases of heart disease remains low in France. Many scientists think this is because the French drink more red wine than other countries. Something in the grape helps lower the amount of cholesterol in the body. This helps prevent clogging of the arteries. Doctors do not recommend drinking a lot of red wine, but three or four glasses a week is good and encouraged.

Grapes of all colors offer benefits. Red wine offers health benefits that are not found in white wine. This is because many of the good nutrients are found in the skins of the grapes, and only red wine is fermented with the skins.

White grapes are derived from the green grape by evolution. Changes in two genes turn off creation of anthocyanin. Anthocyanin is what makes red grapes the color green.

A "raisin" is any dried grape. A "currant" is a dried Zante grape. The name is a corruption of the French "raisin de Corinthe" (Corinth grape). A "sultana" was originally a raisin made from a specific type of grape of Turkish origin. The word is now used for raisins made from common North American grapes and chemically treated to resemble the traditional sultana.

Note that, while "raisin" is a French loanword, the word in French means the fresh fruit. "Grappe" (Where the English word "grape" comes from) means the bunch (as in "une grappe de raisin").

Note also that "currant" has also come to mean to the blackcurrant and redcurrant. These two berries completely unrelated to grapes.



Blackberry

The blackberry is a berry made by any of several species in the "Rubus" genus of the Rosaceae family. The blackberry shrub is called "bramble" in Britain, but in the western U.S. "caneberry" is the term is used for both blackberries and raspberries. 

It is a widespread and well known group of over 375 species which reproduce by apomixis. They are native all over the temperate Northern hemisphere and South America. The blackberry grows to about 3 m in height. It makes an edible black fruit, known by the same name. The plant tolerates poor soil very well. 

The plant down its strong suckering roots amongst garden hedges and shrubs. It will grow fast, taking over uncultivated spots very quickly. In some parts of the world, such as in Australia, Chile, New Zealand, and the Pacific Northwest of North America, some blackberry species are regarded as weeds.

Lychee

A lychee (pronounced LIE-chee) is a tropical fruit in the genus "Litchi". It is grown in some parts of India like Uttar Pradesh and Bihar apart from southern China. Lychees from India are distinctly different from the ones grown in China- apart from being larger and juicier, their outer shell is reddish unlike the brown color lychees in China. Since it is tropical, it will only grow in a warm, wet climate. 

The inside of a lychee is a clear, pinkish-white color. The outside of the fruit is a hard spiky shell. Its seed is brown in color and very hard. The seeds are poisonous and should not be eaten. The lychee has a sweet taste, and may be frozen, made into sauces, jam, puree, or preserves. When frozen, the lychee tastes similar to sorbet.

2. Off season production of litchi in South India for crop diversification and income enhancement of farmers - Indian Institute of horticulture research. 

Cherry

A cherry is a fruit that grows on a tree or a bush. It belongs to the genus "Prunus". It is red in color, with a seed in the middle. It tastes slightly sour, and is often used to flavour cakes and ice cream, or is baked in a pie or cobbler. Cherries are also a good source of Vitamin B.

In Japan, Yamagata is top producer of cherries.

Top Cherry Producing Nations - 2009

Turkey 417.7

USA 390.7

Iran 225.0

Blackcurrant

The blackcurrant ("Ribes nigrum") is a small, bitter-tasting fruit. It can be found in central and northern Europe and northern Asia.

Blackcurrant has a lot of vitamin C in it. Blackcurrant gets its name from its dark color. It is also used to make jelly, ice cream, and cordial. Blackcurrant is a popular flavor in the United Kingdom. Blackcurrants are also used in salads and in baking, similar to raisins. Blackcurrant also has a slight bitter flavor due to the high concentration of vitamin C.

Date

The word date can mean:

Date palm

The date palm is a tree. It has been cultivated for a very long time because of its fruit. The tree is between high. It has long leaves that look like feathers. Such leaves are called pinnate. The leaves can grow to in length. The leaves have visible spines. There are about 150 leaflets. Each leaflet can be up to in length and in breadth. The full span of the crown of the tree is .

The tree has one or more trunks. All the trunks come from a single system of roots.

World production of dates was approximately 6.7 Mio tonnes in 2004 (FAO statistics). The major producers are:
The First International Date Conference was held in Tripoli in 1959. In that conference, it was decided to develop a special program under the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations to promote the commercial use of substandard or physically defective dates.

Cherimoya

The Cherimoya ("Annona cherimola"), also called the custard apple, is a sweet fruit that comes mostly from Peru, Ecuador, Colombia and Bolivia.. The inside of a cherimoya is soft, and it is white in color. The skin of the cherimoya fruit is green when it is ripe, and brown if it becomes too ripe. The cherimoya has large, black seeds. The cherimoya is special because it can be grown in high places.

In India, especially in North India, this fruit is known as "sitafal" (named after Sita). In Sri Lanka it is known as "Wali Anoda (වැලි අනෝදා)". 
It is grown in Reggio Calabria as well. 

Blueberry

Blueberry refers a wild section of purple or blue berries. It grows in a type of woody plant called a shrub. Many types of blueberries grow in North America and eastern Asia. Blueberries are more common between May and October.

Blueberry has a sweet taste, with a little acidic hint. Wild blueberries have a stronger taste. Blueberries are good for making jelly, jam, pie, muffins, pancakes, and many other foods.The most widely cultivated species of blueberry is Vaccinium corymbosum. Some similar kinds of berries are called blueberry or huckleberry in different places. 

Momentum

Linear momentum, translational momentum or simply momentum is the product of a body's mass and its velocity: 

where p is the momentum, "m" is the mass and v is the velocity.

Momentum can be thought of as the "power" when a body is moving, meaning how much force it can have on another body. For example, 

Momentum is a vector quantity, which has both direction and magnitude. Its unit is "kg m/s" (kilogram metre per second) or "N s" (newton second).

Momentum is a conserved quantity, meaning that the total initial momentum of a system must be equal to the total final momentum of the system. The total momentum remains unchanged.

In Newtonian physics, the usual symbol for momentum is the letter p ; so this can be written
where p is the momentum, "m" is the mass and v is the velocity
<br>
If we apply Newton's 2nd Law, we can derive
The meaning is that the net force on an object is equal to the rate of change in momentum of the object.

In order to use this equation in special relativity, m has to change with speed. That is sometimes called the "relativistic mass" of the object. (Scientists who work with special relativity use other equations instead.)

Impulse is the change in momentum caused by a new force: this force will increase or decrease the momentum depending on the direction of the force; towards or away from the body that was moving before. If the new force (N) is going in the direction of the momentum of the body (x), the momentum of x will increase; therefore if N is going towards body x in the opposite direction, x will slow down and its momentum will decrease.

formula_4
In understanding conservation of momentum, the direction of the momentum is important. In a system, momentum is added up using vector addition. Under the rules of vector addition, adding a certain amount of momentum together with the same amount of momentum going in the opposite direction gives a total momentum of zero.

For instance, when a gun is fired, a small mass (the bullet) moves at a high speed in one direction. A larger mass (the gun) moves in the opposite direction at a much slower speed. The momentum of the bullet and the momentum of the gun are exactly equal in size but opposite in direction. Using vector addition to add the momentum of the bullet to the momentum of the gun (equal in size but opposite in direction) gives a total system momentum of zero. The momentum of the gun-bullet system has been conserved.

A collision also shows conservation of momentum: if a car (1000 kg) is going right at 8 m/s, and a truck (6000 kg) is going left at 2 m/s, the car and truck will be moving left after the collision. This exercise shows why:
Momentum = Mass x Velocity
The car's momentum: 1000 kg x 8 m/s = 8000kgm/s (Going right)
The truck's momentum: 6000 kg x 2 m/s = 12000kgm/s (Going left)
This means their total momentum is 4000kgm/s. (Going left)


Malmö

Malmo (, ) is the third largest city in Sweden. About 333,633 people lived there in 2017. It is in the south west part of Sweden, by the sea. The Öresund bridge goes from Malmö to Copenhagen. In the 15th century, Malmö was one of Denmark's largest cities.

Malmö has the biggest Middle Eastern community in Sweden. It is warm in the summer. In winter it is not quite as cold as in other parts of Sweden.

 Newcastle upon Tyne (UK)

Skull

A skull, or cranium, is a set of bones that make up the head of a vertebrate and keep in place all body parts in the head. It supports the structures of the face and forms a protective cavity for the brain.

As well as protecting the brain, the skull fixes the distance between the eyes and between the ears. This allows stereoscopic vision, and helps the brain judge direction and distance of sounds. In some animals, the skull also has a defensive function (e.g. horned ungulates). The frontal bone is where horns are mounted.

The skull is made of a number of joined (fused) flat bones. In humans, the adult skull is normally made up of 28 bones.

Skulls can be classified based on fenestras which are window or opening in a skull. There are 5 types of fenestras which are:


Mark Hoppus

Mark Allan Hoppus (born March 15, 1972) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, record producer, and former television personality

He was born March 15, 1972 in Ridgecrest, California. He is most famous for being a member of the pop punk band Blink 182. 

Hoppus played the bass guitar and sang. After Blink 182 broke up, he started another band, called "+44", with Blink 182's drummer, Travis Barker. When he was younger he played in bands called Pier 69 and the Attic Children. He has a wife named Skye and a son named Jack. Today he continues to play for Blink 182 alongside Travis Barker & Tom DeLonge.

In June 2021, Hoppus was diagnosed with stage-4 lymphoma.

Sandstone

Sandstone is a sedimentary rock. It is a rock made of compacted sand. Sand is small grains of rocks and minerals (such as quartz and feldspar). These are the most common minerals in the Earth's crust.

Sandstone which is resistant to weathering is used for building in many countries. It can be a hard rock. For example, paving slabs can be made out of hard sandstone.

Sandstone is converted into quartzite through heating and pressure. This happens when rocks are squeezed and heated under a mountain chain.

Sandstone is most likely to be deposited from fast pacing water such as rivers.

Sandstone forms in two stages. First, layers of sand build up as sediment, either from water or from air (as in a desert).

Then sand particles are compacted by pressure of overlying deposits, and cemented ('glued' together). The 'cement' is either calcite (calcium carbonate), quartz (silica), or clay. Iron oxide often makes sandstone a reddish color.


Pseudonym

A pseudonym (soo-do-nim) or alias is a fake name a person uses instead of their real name. Many people use pseudonyms, including authors (pen names) and performers (stage names). People use pseudonyms for several different reasons: to hide identity, gender, and/or race. People (such as rappers) also use pseudonyms to match their stage personality better. Pseudonyms can include stage names, screen names, ring names, pen names, nicknames, aliases, superhero identities and code names.

"Pseudonym" comes from the Greek word ("pseudṓnymon"), which means "false name".

There are three main types of pseudonyms: pen names, stage names and user-names. Pen names are used by authors, usually to hide identity. Many famous books, such as The Outsiders and A Series of Unfortunate Events, have been written by authors using a pseudonym. Daniel Handler wrote A Series of Unfortunate Events under the pseudonym Lemony Snicket both because he wanted to make the author a character in the story and because he wanted to hide his real name. When she published The Outsiders, Susan Eloise Hinton decided to use her initials, S. E., instead of her first and middle names, because she did not want readers to guess her gender. The Brontë sisters (Anne, Emily and Charlotte) used pseudonyms to hide the fact that they based many of their characters on their neighbors.

Musicians, actors and performers also use pseudonyms, called stage names, both to hide their identity and to give themselves a "cooler" name. For example, rapper Sean Combs is currently known by Diddy, but used to call himself P Diddy and Puff Daddy. He says that he changed his name from P Diddy to Diddy because the name "caused confusion and he wanted to 'simplify things'." 

Many people on the Internet use pseudonyms. There are many names for these pseudonyms, including user-names, user IDs and handles. These pseudonyms help people stay anonymous on the internet, and they also protect people from identity theft and phishing. When people log into an account on sites like Wikipedia, MySpace or Facebook, their user-name helps identify them without entering their real name. If people used their real name instead of a user-name, it would create confusion for two people with the same name. Usernames make this simple, because people create their own user-names. Also, if someone used their real name, it would make it easier for people to guess their passwords and for other people to find them in real life.

Sometimes criminals would use a pseudonym. For example, com man Jefferson R. Smith was also known as Soapy Smith.


Pen name

A pen name, also known as a pseudonym, is a name an author uses in the place of their real name, when they write and publish things. For example, the Brontë sisters (Anne, Emily and Charlotte) who were famous authors in the 19th century used them, because they feared that people would make fun of (say bad things about) a book written by a woman. Charles Dodgson, an English math professor took the name Lewis Carroll, when he wrote fantasy stories. Erle Stanley Gardner, a best-selling American author, wrote books under numerous pseudonyms, including A. A. Fair, Kyle Corning, Charles M. Green, Carleton Kendrake, Charles J. Kenny, Les Tillray and Robert Parr, as well as under his real name.


Stage name

A stage name is a name an entertainer (such as a movie star or a musician) uses instead of their real name. Famous examples include actress Marilyn Monroe, singer Lady Gaga and rapper Nicki Minaj.

takes in the place of their real or birth name, they might like this name better than their real one or it's easier for people to remember. Professional wrestlers use stage names also, in their case it is called a "ring name".

Actors and actresses choose stage names for a variety of reasons. Their real names may be the same as or similar to those of other people, or they may be difficult to say or spell.


Fermat's Last Theorem

Fermat's Last Theorem or FLT is a very famous idea in mathematics. It says that:

Or,

This means that there are no examples where formula_3, formula_4 and formula_5 are natural numbers, i.e. whole numbers larger than zero, and where formula_1 is a whole number bigger than 2. Pierre de Fermat wrote about it in 1637 inside his copy of a book called "Arithmetica". He said "I have a proof of this theorem, but there is not enough space in this margin". However, no correct proof was found for 357 years. It was finally proven in 1995. Most mathematicians do not think that Fermat, in fact, ever had a margin proof of this theorem.

In its original the problem is as follows:

"Cubum autem in duos cubos, aut quadratoquadratum in duos
"quadratoquadratos & generaliter nullam in infinitum ultra quadratum
"potestatem in duos eiusdem nominis fas est dividere cuius rei
"demonstrationem mirabilem sane detexi. Hanc marginis exiguitas non caperet."

Fermat's Last Theorem is a more general form of the Pythagorean theorem, which is an equation that says:

When formula_8, formula_9 and formula_10 are whole numbers this is called a "Pythagorean triple". For example, formula_11, and since formula_12 we can say formula_13 is a Pythagorean triple. Fermat's Last Theorem rewrites this as

and claims that, if you make the formula_1 a larger whole number than 2, then formula_8, formula_9 and formula_10 cannot all be natural numbers. For example, formula_19 and formula_20, and so formula_21 is an example that confirms this.

The x and y are two unknown sums, summing imaginary third sum z. Despite there being 4 terms: n, x, y & z, the n is a function summing the total of unknown sums. Zero is missing from this equation by the rule of "1 plus 1 is 2 and no more", written 1+1=2+0.

To give clarification, the n is known to be a sum.

The proof was made for "some" values of formula_1, such as formula_23, formula_24, formula_25 and formula_26, which was managed by many mathematicians including Fermat, Euler, Sophie Germain. However, since there are an infinite number of Pythagorean triples, as numbers count upwards forever, this made Fermat's Last Theorem hard to prove or disprove; the full proof must show that the equation has no solution for all values of formula_1 (when formula_1 is a whole number bigger than 2) but it is not possible to simply check every combination of numbers if they continue forever.

An English mathematician named Andrew Wiles found a solution in 1995, 358 years after Fermat wrote about it. Richard Taylor helped him find the solution . The proof took eight years of research. He proved the theorem by first proving the modularity theorem, which was then called the TaniyamaShimura conjecture. Using Ribet's Theorem, he was able to give a proof for Fermat's Last Theorem. He received the Wolfskehl Prize from Göttingen Academy in June 1997: it amounted to about $50,000 U.S. dollars.

After a few years of debate, people agreed that Andrew Wiles had solved the problem. Andrew Wiles used a lot of modern mathematics and even created new maths when he made his solution. This mathematics was unknown when Fermat wrote his famous note, so de Fermat could not have used it. This leads one to believe that de Fermat did not in fact have a complete solution of the problem.

Vos Savant wrote in 1995, that Wiles' proof should be rejected for its use of non-Euclidean geometry. She said, "the chain of proof is based in hyperbolic (Lobachevskian) geometry", and because this geometry allows things like squaring the circle, a "famous impossibility" despite being possible in hyperbolic geometry, then "if we reject a hyperbolic method of squaring the circle, we should also reject a hyperbolic proof of Fermat's last theorem."

Where n is known to sum two ordinal values, it cannot exceed the counted value 2 if the larger is taken as 1 unit.

Beal's Generalization Conjecture, or the Beal Conjecture, posed by investor Andrew Beal, asks why there are always common factors (like cells in batteries), in equations like this, of the general form
aˣ+bʸ=cᶻ.



Lewinsky scandal

The Clinton-Lewinsky scandal was an American political sex scandal in 1998. United States President Bill Clinton was said to have had oral sex with 22 year old Monica Lewinsky. 

Lewinsky said that she had sex with Bill Clinton nine times from November 1995 to March 1997. According to her published schedule, First Lady Hillary Clinton was at the White House for some of the time on seven of those days. The scandal happened after Linda Tripp leaked the secret phone calls between Clinton and Lewinsky.

Clinton did not admit his affair until the annual White House prayer on September 11, 1998, in the presence of several ministers, priests and his wife, Hillary Clinton, in his "I have sinned" speech. The speech was hand-written by Clinton himself and was delivered on the day of publication of the first report by Independent Counsel Ken Starr, which threatened to impeach President Clinton in the grounds of perjury and his sexual affair with former White House intern, Monica Lewinsky. Clinton was eventually impeached, but not removed from office.

Console

Console can mean:

323

323 was a common year.


Guam

Guam () is an island in Micronesia in the Pacific Ocean and is a U.S. territory. This means that it is part of the United States and citizens of Guam are citizens of the United States as well. Guam is not an independent country, but like all populated U.S. territories, it enjoys a greater degree of autonomy than U.S. states. The Chamorro people are the native people from Guam. The capital city of Guam is the city of Hagåtña and the largest city is Dededo. Guam has important United States Air Force and Naval bases, which occupy a major part of Guam's land area. Guam is also a popular tourist destination.

Guam is one of two U.S. territories where the metric system is officially used and is dominant. (The other is Puerto Rico, which was also a Spanish colony. The metric system was introduced to both territories, before they became U.S. territories.)

Guam was one of the first islands in the Pacific Ocean to be visited by the Europeans. In 1521, while leading the Spanish expedition, Ferdinand Magellan became one of the first Europeans to set foot on Guam. From then on, Guam became an important part of the trade route followed by the Spanish trading ships called Manila Galleon, which sailed between Mexico and the Philippines every year. And in 1668, Spain took over Guam as one of its territories. During this time, the natives assimilated the Spanish culture to a large extent.

In the 1898, Spanish–American War, Spain lost most of its territories to the United States under the Treaty of Paris, including Guam, Cuba, the Philippines, and Puerto Rico. Guam continued to be important due to its strategic location for shipping, and later for air travel in the Pacific. During World War II, Japan occupied Guam in 1941 for 31 months, but lost the territory to the United States soon after. The Chamorro people are spread across Guam and Northern Mariana Islands- which is also a United States territory. However, the Chamorro people from Northern Mariana Islands have not integrated well into the territory as they were under Japanese occupation for about 30 years.

In 1950, the United States Congress passed a law to incorporate the people of Guam as American citizens.

In August 2017, North Korea warned that it might launch mid-range ballistic missiles into waters within 18 to 24 miles (29 to 38 kilometers) of Guam, following an exchange of threats between the governments of North Korea and the United States.

The currency of Guam is the United States dollar. Guam gets most of its money from the United States government. Much of that money is spent on the military bases, but there are also federal grants given to the Guam government for various programs. Because it is only a territory, federal income taxes paid by Guam residents are given to the Guam government for its operations.

Guam is a sought after travel destination. Almost all of these visitors are from Japan. Japanese tourists like Guam because it is closer to Japan than other American places. Guam has lots of hotels and other fun places for people to visit. Tumon Bay is Guam's biggest beach. It has lots of pretty white sand, and the water has lots of fish. Tumon is becoming a busy city.

The number of visitors to Guam has decreased significantly mainly because of economic slowdown in most parts of Asia, which is also the cause for lost jobs in Guam.

Guam is 212 square miles (549 square kilometers) large. In the north part, it has a flat area of coral and limestone rock. The south part has mountains. Around the island is a coral reef.

Guam is next to the Marianas Trench, which is the deepest part of the Earth and underwater. It sometimes has earthquakes, some of which have been very strong.

Guam is a tropical island. It is usually quite warm and wet and the temperature does not change very much. From February to July it is dry, but the rest of the year it is rainy. Sometimes Guam has very strong and dangerous storms in October and November.


Warren G. Harding

Warren Gamaliel Harding (November 2, 1865 – August 2, 1923) was the 29th president of the United States from 1921 until his death in 1923. Before becoming president, he was a senator and the assistant governor of Ohio. Before he was in government, he was an important newspaper manager. He was a Republican.

After World War I, he was elected on the promise to return the United States back to normal. He supported limited government in the economy. During his term, he lowered taxes and believed that the economy should not be regulated too much.

Warren G. Harding made the mistake of appointing his friends to high political positions. As a result, they corruptly abused their power for their personal gain and several scandals happened during his presidency, including the infamous Teapot Dome scandal based in Teapot Dome in Wyoming and involving Secretary of the Interior Albert Fall. Other untrustworthy people included Edward Doheny and Harry Sinclair.

He died in office of a heart attack in 1923 while he was visiting San Francisco.

Harding cheated on his wife with Carrie Phillips, a family friend. She supported Germany during World War I. In fact, many people thought she was a spy.

He also cheated with Nan Britton, who was over 30 years younger than him. He fathered a child with Britton. Afterward, she wrote a book called "The President's Daughter", telling her story, but most people didn't believe her. However, in 2015, DNA testing confirmed that she was telling the truth about the baby.

His vice president Calvin Coolidge became president after he died.

Historians consider him one of the worst presidents because of all the scandals he created as president and he was very corrupt (taking bribes).


Honduras

Honduras is a country in Central America. Its capital is Tegucigalpa. Most people of Honduras speak the Spanish language (while English has mostly widely spoken). 10,636,227 people live in Honduras and it is in size. It is next to El Salvador. To one side is the Caribbean Sea and to the other in the Pacific Ocean.

The ethnic makeup of Honduras is 90% mestizo, 7% amerindian, 2% black, and 1% white.

Honduras has the world's 4th highest murder rate.

Honduras is divided into 18 departments. The capital city is Tegucigalpa in the Central District.




Bangladesh

Bangladesh (officially called People's Republic of Bangladesh) is a country in South Asia. To its west is West Bengal in India. To its northeast is Northeast India and to its southeast is the Southeast Asian country of Myanmar. Bangladesh's capital and largest city is Dhaka (formerly "Dacca"). Countries that are near Bangladesh include the People's Republic of China, Bhutan, and Nepal. To the south of Bangladesh is the Bay of Bengal.

Bangladesh got its independence from Pakistan in 1971. This was after a war in which over a million people died. The official religion of Bangladesh is Islam and most Bangladeshi people are Muslim. Bangladesh has an area of 57,320 mi² or (142,576 km²). It is slightly smaller than Tajikistan. It ranks 92 out of 195 sovereign countries by area. There are two main rivers in Bangladesh: The Ganges and the Brahmaputra River (called Padma and Jamuna in Bangladesh). They are among the most important sources of economy, also they are sacred to Hindu people. There are often floods in Bangladesh because of these two rivers.

Bangladesh has a population of 174.3 million as per 2021 census official survey.

For much of its history, Bangladesh was simply the eastern part of Bengal and was considered a part of India. The Bengal delta has been ruled by Hindu rulers, Muslim rulers, and the British empire. People have lived in Bangladesh for thousands of years. Farming developed in Bangladesh very early on. By 500 BC, people grew rice there. Farming lead to the development of urban areas like cities. Early houses in Bangladesh were likely built of wood and mud, and adobe. Because Bangladesh has monsoons, there is not a lot of evidence of ancient people living there. From about 300 BC to the 1700s AD, technology like writing and the Bengali language developed. During this time, many religions were popular and many states were founded. By the 1500s, the area was rich and even peasants had plenty to eat.

In the 13th century, Turkic armies took over the Bengal delta. During this time, the delta was ruled by Hindu leaders. In 1202, the last major Hindu Sen leader was pushed out from his capital in Western Bengal(Nadiya), but they stayed for a short time in East Bengal.

In 1206, a Muslim kingdom called the Delhi Sultanate was founded. The rulers of the Bengal delta became friendly with the sultanate, and to stay separately ruled the Bengal rulers would pay tribute to the sultanate using war elephants. In 1341, Bengal became independent from Delhi, and Dhaka became the capital of independent Bengal. In 1576, Bengal was taken over by Akbar the Great, a Mughal emperor. Bengal stayed part of the Mughal Empire until the eighteenth century.

When the Mughals ruled the Bengal, they began to make Bengal part of India politically. Bengal, however, was too far away from the Mughal capital in Delhi. Because it was hard to talk to Bengal, local governors found it easy to ignore what the Mughals wanted for Bengal. Although Bengal remained a province, religious leaders and scientists from Mughal-ruled Bengal have been famous throughout India.

As Bengal was part of their empire, the Mughals helped it grow. They built a road from Delhi to Dhaka, started a postal service, and helped make their calendar better. This calendar is still used in Bangladesh today. The Mughals also collected taxes in Bengal. Soon, Bengal was the richest province and was called the "Breadbasket of India". The Mughals used Bengali resources to help maintain their army, but they did not help protect the Bengali people from pirates. This made the Bengali people angry, and the Mughals had to appoint powerful generals to help rule Bengal. Despite this, Bengal became a center of the textile trade in South Asia.

In 1704, the capital of Bengal was moved from Dhaka to Murshidabad. In 1707, Aurangzeb, sometimes called the last great Mughal emperor, died. After this, governors in Bengal still paid tribute to the Mughal empire, but were mostly left alone. These governors protected Bengal from Hindu Marathas during the eighteenth century. When the Mughal governor Alivardi Khan died in 1756, he left rule of Bengal to his grandson, who would lose Bengal to the British in 1757.

Bengal was under British rule from 1757 to 1947. It was part of British India. English was made one of the official languages of the Bengal Presidency.

In 1947, East Bengal and the Dominion of Pakistan were separated from India, becoming Pakistan. Pakistan was cut in half, its east and west parts separated by 930 miles (1,500 km) of India. In 1949, the Bangladesh Awami League formed, wanting the east and west parts of Pakistan separated. In 1955, East Bengal was renamed East Pakistan, with Dacca becoming the capital. The people living in East Pakistan were mostly ethnically Bengali, spoke Bengali, and had a different culture compared to the people of western Pakistan. These differences eventually led to the Bangladesh Liberation War.

Bangladesh declared itself as independent from Pakistan in 1971 after a liberation war in which over a million people died. After Indian military intervention, the provisional government returned from exile in Calcutta, Bengal (India). After the Instrument of Surrender, the Bengali peoples became a sovereign nation.

After Bangladesh became independent, Bengali replaced Urdu and English as the only national and official language. Bengali is used in government, business, and schools. Private English-language schools for upper-class students existed into the 1980s. English is now taught in higher education and is offered as a university subject.

At first, people began to stop speaking Arabic in Bangladesh. In 1983, after Bangladesh strengthened its ties with Saudi Arabia and other oil-rich countries, people tried to make Arabic a required language to learn in school. Arabic is widely studied today in Madrassas and Islamic schools so people can understand Islamic texts better.

Despite gaining independence in 1971, Bangladesh is a poor country and has problems with political corruption. Presently, more than 75% the population can read and write.

The President of Bangladesh acts as Head of state, but the Prime Minister of Bangladesh acts as Head of government. The president is elected by lawmakers every 5 years, and has limited powers. The presidency is largely ceremonial, but sometimes the president has do more than usual. This is called a Caretaker government.

The prime minister is chosen by the president and must be a member of parliament (MP). The Cabinet is made up of people chosen by the prime minister, and is appointed by the president.

Bangladesh's parliament is called the House of the Nation, or the "Jatiya Sangsad", and has only one chamber. The "Jatiya Sangsad" has 300 members who are elected by popular vote, and they have 5-year terms of office. The highest judiciary body in Bangladesh is the Supreme Court, whose members are chosen by the president.

After famines in 1973 and 1974, the prime minister of Bangladesh instituted a one-party socialist state. After this, a military junta ruled Bangladesh until 1990. Since then, Bangladesh has become a parliamentary democracy. In 2007, a caretaker government was appointed to help end corruption in Bangladeshi politics. Many politicians were arrested on corruption charges. Again in 2008, Bangladesh came under a parliamentary rule. Currently, Bangladesh is a totalitarian dictatorship with a comprehensive cult of personality around the .

Bangladesh is in the Ganges Delta. This is where the rivers Ganges, Brahmaputra, and Meghna come together. Most parts of Bangladesh are less than above the sea level. The highest point in Bangladesh is in Mowdok range at in the Chittagong Hill Tracts to the southeast of the country. Cox's Bazar, south of the city of Chittagong, has a beach that is uninterrupted over .

A large part of the coastline is a marshy jungle, the Sundarbans. They are the largest mangrove forest in the world.

Bangladesh has heavy cyclones and natural disasters, due to this many lives are often lost. The country is one of the most densely populated in the world. Cyclones are very common in the Bay of Bengal during the middle of the year, particularly in the south of country in areas like Sundarban, Chittagong, Cox's Bazaar, or in neighboring Myanmar and Republic of India. Despite the many storms, Bangladesh does not have a very effective storm prevention system, and cyclones usually inflict heavy damage.

Bangladesh is divided into eight administrative divisions: Barisal (বরিশাল), Chittagong (চট্টগ্রাম), Dhaka (ঢাকা), Khulna (খুলনা), Rajshahi (রাজশাহী), Sylhet (সিলেট), Mymensingh (ময়মনসিংহ) and Rangpur (রংপুর).

Divisions are divided into districts. There are 64 districts in Bangladesh.

Dhaka is the capital and largest city of Bangladesh. Other major cities include Chittagong, Khulna, Rajshahi, Sylhet, Barisal, Bogra, Comilla, Mymensingh and Rangpur. For more locations see List of settlements in Bangladesh.

The main religion in Bangladesh is Islam at (91.57%), while the second largest religion is Hinduism at (7.26%)."" Most Muslims in Bangladesh are Sunni. Islam was made the state religion in the 1980s. Buddhists and Christians together make up 1% of the population.

The earliest literary text in Bengali is the 8th century Charyapada. Medieval Bengali literature was often either religious or from other languages. The 19th century had poets such as Rabindranath Tagore, Michael Madhusudan Dutt and Kazi Nazrul Islam.

The musical tradition of Bangladesh is lyrics-based with few instruments. Folk music is often accompanied by the ektara, an instrument with only one string. Bangladeshi dance forms are from folk traditions.

Bangladesh makes about 80 films a year. Mainstream Hindi films are also quite popular. Around 200 daily newspapers are published in Bangladesh, along with more than 500 magazines.

Rice and fish are traditional favorite foods. Biryani is a favorite dish of Bangladeshis.

The sari is popularly worn by Bangladeshi women. The salwar kameez (shaloar kamiz) is also commonly worn. In urban areas, many people wear western clothing.

Eid ul-Fitr and Eid ul-Adha are major religious festivals in Bangladesh. Buddha Purnima, which marks the birth of Gautama Buddha, and Christmas, called "Bôŗodin" (Great day), are both national holidays. The most important non-religious festival is Pohela Boishakh or Bengali New Year, the beginning of the Bengali calendar year.

Cricket is the most popular sport in Bangladesh. Next is football (soccer). The national cricket team was in their first Cricket World Cup in 1999. In 2011, Bangladesh successfully co-hosted the ICC Cricket World Cup 2011 with India and Sri Lanka.

Hadudu (kabaddi) is the national sport in Bangladesh. Other popular sports include field hockey, tennis, badminton, handball, basketball, volleyball, chess, shooting, angling, and carrom.

The National symbols of the Bangladesh are made of symbols to represent Bengali traditions and ideals that show the different aspects of the cultural life and history of the country.



West Germany

West Germany (German: "West Deutschland") is the common English name for the Federal Republic of Germany (FRG; , BRD; ), retrospectively designated the Bonn Republic. It was a country in Central Europe. It was created on May 23, 1949. It ended on October 3, 1990 due to German Reunification. During the Cold War, West Germany was part of the Western bloc. It was created from the eleven states in Allied-occupied Germany after World War II. The capital city was Bonn.

West Germany was very important in the Cold War. The last capital city of Germany Berlin was also split into West Berlin and East Berlin.

After World War II, Germany was split into four zones. These zones were controlled by the -
British, French, Americans, and Soviets. From 1946 to 1949, the British, French, and American zones combined (came together) to create West Germany. The Soviet zone became East Germany. The two zones would not come together again until 1990.

Konrad Adenauer was called in as chancellor from 1947 until 1962. He was not meant to be the chancellor for a long time, but he stayed longer than expected. As chancellor, he helped West Germany recover (get better) from World War II and improved the economy.

After Adenauer left, he was followed by Ludwig Erhard, who was also followed by Kurt Georg Kiesinger. In 1968 the West German student movement protests began.

In 1969 Willy Brandt became chancellor. Under him, West Germany was nicer to the Eastern countries, and he managed to sign agreements with East Germany, Poland, and Czechoslovakia, who had been more hostile to West Germany. Brandt had to resign in May 1974 when it was found out that one of his staff members was a spy.

Helmut Schmidt served as chancellor until 1982. He helped launch the European Monetary System (EMS). Schmidt was followed by Helmut Kohl, who was chancellor when the Berlin Wall collapsed and Germany reunified in 1990.

Yugoslavia

Yugoslavia was a country in Europe that lay mostly in the Balkan Peninsula. It existed in one of three forms from 1918 to 2006. Yugoslavia means “land of the south Slavs”. The name comes from people who left Poland, which was to the north of Yugoslavia. Yugoslavia contained a wide range of different ethnic groups that spoke different languages, used different alphabets and worshipped different religions. These included Serbs, Croats, Bosniaks, Slovenes, Herzegovinians, Montenegrins, Macedonians and Albanians. 

From 1918 until 1928 it was called the "Kingdom of the Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes". From 1928 until World War II it was the "Kingdom of Yugoslavia". After WWII it was renamed the "Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia" with six republics, 2 autonomous provinces: Bosnia-Herzegovina, Croatia, North Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia, and Slovenia and two autonomous provinces in Serbia: Vojvodina in the north, and Kosovo, next to Albania. 

In 1991, came the independence of Slovenia, Croatia, in 1992, North Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, causing the end of the country. Serbia and Montenegro, were the last two republics in the Socialist Yugoslavia. In 1992, they formed a new "Federal Republic of Yugoslavia" (FRY) which ended in 2006 with Montenegro declaring independence.

In 1903 the Serbian king was murdered and replaced with Peter I. After this Serbia became more nationalist. Tensions with Austria-Hungary heightened when it conquered Bosnia in 1908. During this period Serbia managed to extend its borders and capture Kosovo and North Macedonia from the Ottoman Empire. Many Serbian nationalists wanted to create a unified state for the Slavs of the Balkans. Covert gangs attempted to assassinate Austro-Hungarian officials, like the Bosnian governor. In June 1914 a Bosnian Serb called Gavrilo Princip killed Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo, Bosnia. This event eventually led to the outbreak of the Great War (World War One).

Yugoslavia came into existence in 1918 after World War I. The State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs, which came from a part of Austria-Hungary, joined with the Kingdom of Serbia. The King of Serbia became the king of the new country. Southern territories of Yugoslavia were taken by Serbia from the Ottoman Empire during the Balkan Wars (1912-13). 

For ten years it was known as the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes. It began using the name 'Yugoslavia' in 1929. The name 'Yugoslavia' is Serbo-Croatian for 'Land of the Southern Slavs'. The Kingdom was invaded by Axis powers in 1941 and quickly fell during World War II. The Federal Democratic Republic was declared in 1943 with the King's approval, but the monarchy was abolished shortly after.

A People's republic was created in 1945 by a newly established communist government. It was ruled by Josip Broz Tito from then until 1980. The country renamed itself SFR Yugoslavia in 1963. It was made up of six individual Socialist Republics: SR Croatia, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SR Macedonia, SR Montenegro, SR Serbia, and SR Slovenia. The SFR Yugoslavia was different from other socialist states of the Cold War, deciding to keep itself out of it. Yugoslavia was the only socialist state to have open borders and allowed Yugoslavs and tourists to freely move around the country. Yugoslavia also kept warm relations with the West. It was also an enemy of the Soviet Union after the Tito-Stalin split as Stalin considered him a traitor. In 1968 the Soviet Union invaded socialist Czechoslovakia to stop its leader from making the country freer. Tito told the Czechoslovak leader that he was willing to fly to Prague to help him face the Soviets if he wanted.

The Yugoslav republics began turning against one another in the 1970s and 1980s. Josip Tito ruled Yugoslavia with an iron fist and crushed any nationalist movements that wanted to see the country break up. His government forced the six republics to stay part of Yugoslavia. When he died in 1980, the new leaders were less strict and let nationalist feelings grow in the republics of Yugoslavia. The breakup was caused by many things like nationalism, economic difficulty, and ethnic problems. The Socialist state was dissolved in 1992 during the Yugoslav wars. Serbia and Montenegro stayed together as FR Yugoslavia.

After the dissolution of the SFR Yugoslavia, only Serbia and Montenegro were willing to remain in the union. They renamed themselves the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1992. The country was led by the controversial statesman Slobodan Milosevic from 1996 until 2000. He was widely accused of having his opposition assassinated in 2000. Yugoslavia applied for UN membership in October 2000 and was granted the following month. For most of its existence, the country was involved in what was called the Yugoslav Wars. There was much ethnic violence including mass genocide in Bosnia and Herzegovina (1995) and ethnic cleansing in Kosovo (1998). It was the worst act of war seen in Europe since World War II. The country was bombed by NATO forces in 1999 during the Kosovo war. In the late 1990s, separatism was growing in Yugoslavia and the country dropped the name Yugoslavia in favor of a state union in 2003. Serbia and Montenegro became independent states in 2006, formally ending the last remaining parts of Yugoslavia

Now, Yugoslavia has been split up and made into these countries:

Major League Baseball

Major League Baseball (MLB) is a professional baseball league in North America. It is often considered to be the highest level of professional baseball in the world. There are two leagues that make up the MLB: the American League, also called AL, and National League, also called NL. There are currently 30 teams in the MLB, 29 from the United States and one from Canada, the Toronto Blue Jays.

The official website of MLB is known as "MLB.com" (www.mlb.com).

The 30 teams in MLB are divided into two leagues: American and National. Each league is divided into three divisions: East, Central, West. Since the 2013 season, each division has had five teams. The most recent change took place after the 2012 season, when the Houston Astros moved from the NL Central to the AL West.

Each team in Major League Baseball is scheduled to play a 162-game season. The season begins in April (or sometimes the end of March) and ends in October. The teams play other teams in their own division the most, and play very few (no more than six) games against teams in the other league. Teams usually play each other in series of three or four games at a time. If a game is canceled because of bad weather, it may be held later, sometimes as part of a doubleheader (two games in one day). Sometimes these games are not held again if it would not affect either team's place in the standings (the list of teams ordered by their number of wins and losses).

Highest ranking teams after this regular season enter a post-season of "playoff" games. Teams that are tied at the end of a season may play another game to decide which team(s) will enter the playoffs. The playoff games determine the champion for each of the two leagues.

In July, there are three days where teams do not play normal games, and a group of the best players play in the "Major League Baseball All-Star Game". This period is called the "All-Star Break", and it is thought of as the point where half of the season is over. Some games at the beginning of the regular season have been played in other countries, such as Japan.

At the end of every season, ten teams play in the playoffs. Five teams from the AL, and five teams from the NL are in the playoffs. The team from the West, Central, or East division from each league with the most wins makes the playoffs (a team with the best record in its division is said to have "won its division"). The next two best teams in the AL and the next two best teams in the NL also get to play in the playoffs. They are called "wild card" teams. The first playoff round is called the Wild Card game. The two wild card teams from each league play each other in a one-game playoff. The winner of each game moves on to the Division Series. The team with the best record in each league plays the winner of its league's Wild Card game. The division winner with the second best record plays against the division winner with the third best record.

In the Division Series, teams play "best out of 5". Once one team beats the other three times, the winning team moves onto the next round of the playoffs, the Championship Series. The teams that lose are out of the playoffs. The AL teams that win play in the AL Championship Series. The NL teams that win play in the NL Championship Series. The Championship series is "best out of 7 games". Once one team beats the other four times, the winning team moves onto the next round of the playoffs. After the Championship Series, there are only two teams left.

These two teams play each other in the World Series, which is also a "best out of 7 games" series. The winner of the World Series is the champion of the league. They receive a trophy, depicting flags at different heights.

The first league of professional baseball teams began in 1871 and was called the National Association. This league did not play baseball the same way MLB does. For example, batters would walk after nine pitches instead of four. Many of the teams had problems with money and split up after only one or two seasons. However two teams are still playing today. Those teams were the Boston Red Stockings, which today are the Atlanta Braves, and the Chicago White Stockings, which today are the Chicago Cubs.

In 1876, the National League began, and included the Red and White Stockings as well as six other teams. This league was run better, but many teams still would split up after only a few seasons. Some, like the teams that are now called the Philadelphia Phillies and San Francisco Giants, are also still playing today. There were other leagues also. The American Association started in 1882. It became the Western League in 1885 and was almost as good as the National League. However many of its teams would go to the National League, and the American Association disappeared in 1891. The National League had problems, though. Players and fans did not behave well, and in 1894 a fire started during a game and destroyed the stadium and part of Roxbury, Boston.

"A star (*) means a relocation of a franchise. See team articles for more information."


Lou Gehrig

Henry Louis Gehrig (born Heinrich Ludwig Gehrig; June 19, 1903June 2, 1941) was an American baseball player. Due to his reliability and stamina, he was nicknamed the Iron Horse. He played with Babe Ruth and the New York Yankees who were thought the best team of that time. He played with the Yankees for most of his playing time which started in 1923 and ended in 1939. He played in 2,130 games without a rest, which was the most of any player until Cal Ripken, Jr. in 1995. When he stopped playing as well, he went to a doctor who found out Gehrig had amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS – which is now sometimes called Lou Gehrig's disease). The doctor told Gehrig he had only a short time to live. On July 4, 1939, there was a celebration of Gehrig by the other Yankees, and Gehrig gave a speech that became well-known. When he spoke that day he said he was "the luckiest man on the face of the earth". The mayor of New York City congratulated him for his teamwork. He died less than two years later in New York City.

United States Senate

The United States Senate is the upper house of the United States Congress, which is a small group of elected people who decide the laws of the country. Every U.S. state elects two people to represent them in the US Senate. These people are called senators. Since there are 50 US states, there are 100 senators. Senators serve six years at a time, and one-third of them are picked every two years. Originally the legislature of each state decided who their senators would be. After 1913, all the people of the state chose their senators by vote. The Vice President of the United States is in charge of the Senate, but only does anything when there is a tie vote or a special event.

In order to be a senator, a person has to be 30 years old or older, and has to be a citizen of the United States for 9 years or more. They must also live in the state they represent at election time.

The Senate, along with the United States House of Representatives, votes on which laws the United States should have. In most cases, both of these groups have to agree on the suggested law and the President has to sign it before it becomes a law.

The Senate is the side of Congress where every state has the same number of votes (two). This is different from the House of Representatives, where states with more people have more votes than states with fewer people. This was decided at the Constitutional Convention, because small states like Delaware did not want the larger states to be able to decide everything. Also, only part of the Senate runs for election during elections. Every two years, 33 (two elections) or 34 (one election) senators are elected. For each state, this means that after two elections to the Senate, during one election no one will be elected to the Senate.

Also, like the House, the Senate can override the president's veto with a (67 votes) vote. But unlike the house, some bills require a (60 votes) vote (it used to be of the vote) to overcome the filibuster. A filibuster is when senators band together, they can stop bills from going through the senate.
The United States Senate was formerly the upper chamber of the United States Congress, which, along with the United States House of Representatives ― the lower chamber ― comprised the legislature of the United States.

The Senate is also in charge of agreeing to treaties with other countries. The Senate has the sole responsibility for confirming presidential appointments. These include federal judges, foreign ambassadors and Cabinet members. If the Senate and President do not agree, the President has to pick someone else the Senate will agree to.

Committees of the United States Senate and other important jobs in the Senate are assigned by the majority political party. As of 2023, the Senate is made up of 48 Democrats with 3 Independents who side with the Democrats which make them the Senate Majority. The minority of the Senate is made up of 49 Republicans.


Fair use

Fair use is the idea that it should be okay for a person to reuse something that another person has created, in certain amounts and for certain purposes, without breaking the law.
In most countries, art and other made-up things, like stories, books, TV shows, and pictures, are owned by the person that first made them. This person can let someone else own the things they make, sometimes for money. The person that owns these things has a "copyright" for them, which means that person can decide who can copy their work. If someone else copies that work without asking the owner first, that person is breaking the law. The owner can take the person to court and try to get money from them because of what they did.

Since a lot of creative work is popular, people want to talk about them, and they may want to talk about them on TV or in a book. This might mean that they want to use a little bit of it when they talk about it. The idea of "fair use" was added to most copyright laws to make sure that it would be OK to do this, as long as only a little bit of someone's work is used.
Since a lot of creative work is now on computers and on the Internet, it is very easy to copy things and send them to lots of people. To make sure that people cannot always do this, there are computer programs that try to stop people from copying other people's work (known as digital rights management). One problem with these programs is that they also mean that you cannot copy even a small part of someone's work, so you cannot do "fair use" without cheating the program. In some countries, cheating those software programs is also breaking the law.

Duodenum

The duodenum is a short section of the small intestine, and is where most digestion in the small intestine takes place. It receives secretions, including bile and juice, from the pancreas and the liver through the pancreatic and common bile ducts. These secretions limit, or neutralise, the stomach acidity. Also, enzymes from the liver help to digest the food.

Soil erosion

Soil erosion is the washing or blowing away (by water or wind) of the top layer of soil (dirt). This is a serious problem for farmers. If the soil has eroded, the crops that make food will not grow very well. 

Soil erosion was a big problem in the Midwestern United States in the 1930s dust bowl.

Erosion also leaves large sinkholes in the ground, which can weaken buildings and even cause them to collapse. Urban areas are usually protected from soil erosion, so not many buildings collapse from erosion. 

Soil erosion can be conserved in several ways: 

 

Compost

Compost is a type of fertilizer that is made from rotting plants. It is easy and cheap to make, as all it really requires is vegetable waste. The vegetable waste is broken down by bacteria (germs), and made into compost.

To make a compost heap, you need some space fairly far from anyone who might have a problem with the smell. The bottom corner of a garden, or some other place a distance from the house is a good place. Compost heaps should also be placed on soil, or grass: a paved yard or concrete are bad places.
The compost heap should not be in a dark or closed corner.

The best base for a compost heap is a layer of sand, bricks or gravel about 1m long by 1m wide. This is not needed, but it can be a good idea. If using bricks, leave spaces to allow the air to move through. It also allows for the water to run away. The best compost heaps have lots of little spaces inside, to allow air to move around.

Once the first layer is down, one can begin adding the waste. 

Some good types of waste are:


Adding meat scraps is a bad idea, as they rot slowly, smell bad and attract rats and other vermin. Human or pet feces is also a very bad idea, as this can transmit disease. Waste from plants that have died of disease is also bad. The disease can spread to the plants that the compost is used with.

When making a compost heap, different types of waste should be layered. A layer of cut grass can be followed by a layer of vegetable waste and table scraps.

Watering the compost heap is a good idea, especially in dry areas. The water helps encourage the waste to rot and turn into compost.

In anywhere from 3 to 6 months, the compost will be ready. The compost is ready when it smells like thick earth, with no smell of decay or rot. Of course, if you have been adding waste all this time, the compost will all be at the bottom of the heap, and will have to be dug out.

The stuff that has not rotted can be used as part of a new compost heap.


Haiti

Haiti (Haitian Creole: "Ayiti"; French: "Haïti"), officially the Republic of Haiti (Haitian Creole: "Repiblik d Ayiti"; French: "République d'Haïti") is a country on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola. The other country on the island is the Dominican Republic. Haiti has two official languages: French and Haitian Creole, or ""Kreyol"", which is a simple version of French mixed with African languages. Its capital city is Port-au-Prince.

Haiti has a tropical climate. In French, the country is called ""La Perle des Antilles"" (The pearl of the Antilles), because of its natural beauty. There are many mountains in Haiti. The country used to be covered with forests. However, it no longer is, because of deforestation. It is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere.

Haiti is divided into ten "departements". The main religion is Roman Catholicism. However, many Haitians also practice Voodoo. This is a religion which came from African folk beliefs in Benin. Haiti has many holidays; the largest and most important is the "Mardi Gras".

Haiti has a total area of 27,750 km². Most of it is in the western third of the Hispaniola island. There are also smaller islands near the Haitian coast, like "Gonâve", "Île de la Tortue", "Les Cayemites", "Île-à-Vache" and "La Navase".

Haiti has many mountains. There are only some coastal plains and few valleys. The largest valley is the "Cul-de-Sac". Port-au-Prince is in the western end of this valley. The country's main river is the Artibonite, which is also the longest in Hispaniola. Haiti's biggest city is Port-au-Prince, with more than 3 million people in its metropolitan area. The second largest city is Cap-Haïtien.

Haiti has a tropical climate. The rainy season lasts from April to June, and from October to November. Hurricanes are common during summer. In the past, hurricanes have caused a lot of damage and killed many people.

The Taino people were a tribe of Arawak Amerindians. They lived on the island of Hispaniola before Christopher Columbus found the island and started a European colony there. Columbus found the island of Hispaniola on his first trip to the Americas. Within twenty-five years after Columbus arrived, all of the Arawaks had been killed by Spanish conquistadors.

In the early 17th century, the French set up a colony on Hispaniola. In 1697, Spain sold the western third of the island - Haiti - to the French. The French colony was based on forestry and making sugar. It became one of the wealthiest in the Caribbean. However, to do this, the colony brought many slaves over from Africa and destroyed much of the environment.

By the late 18th century, there were nearly half a million slaves in Haiti. They revolted, led by Toussaint L'Ouverture. After a hard and bloody struggle, they won their independence. In 1804, Haiti became the first independent black republic in the world. Today there are many monuments in Haiti remembering the Haitian Revolution. One of the largest is "La Citadelle Laferriere".

On January 12, 2010, in the afternoon of a Tuesday, Haiti was struck by a magnitude-7.0 earthquake. This was the worst earthquake to hit the country in the past 200 years. The quake's epicenter was just outside the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince. The quake caused major damage to Port-au-Prince and nearby areas. Over 200,000 people were thought to have been killed, but it was hard to be sure because many people were buried in mass graves before they could be identified.

Haiti is made of ten regions known as departments (, singular "départment"). These departments are further divided into 41 "arrondissements", and 133 "communes". These are the second and third level units of administration.

The 10 departments, with their capital cities in parentheses, are:

The Republic of Haiti is divided into 10 departments, but the central government has control over most political affairs. The president is head of state and is normally elected by popular vote for a five-year term. The president cannot serve consecutive terms. However, because of inconclusive election results in 2015, Haiti's current interim president was elected by the legislature. The prime minister is head of government and is appointed by the president and confirmed by the bicameral National Assembly. The National Assembly's upper house is the 30-seat Senate, and the lower house is the 118-seat Chamber of Deputies. Members of both houses are elected through a majoritarian system. Senators serve six-year terms and deputies serve four-year terms. There have been efforts toward constitutional reform to ensure that more women are represented in politics on the national level, but these reforms have not yet resulted in concrete changes.

Official holidays (on the same day every year)
Traditional and religious holidays (dates vary according to the liturgical calendar of the Catholic Church)

Haiti is the least developed country in the Americas. It is also one of the least developed and poorest countries in the world.

There are indicators that can be used to compare social and economic situations between countries. Some indicators show that Haiti has fallen behind other poor developing countries since the 1980s. In 2006, Haiti ranked 146th of 177 countries in the United Nations Human Development Index (2006). About 90% of the Haitian people were living in poverty in 2003. Haiti is the only country in the Americas on the United Nations list of Least Developed Countries and it is the poorest country in the Americas. The economy was staying even or falling behind even before their big earthquake.

About 66% of all Haitians work in agriculture. Most of them do small-scale subsistence farming (meaning that they are able to grow just enough to survive). This does not bring in much money.

Very few jobs were created in the last ten years. However, the informal economy is growing. Mangoes and coffee are two of Haiti's most important exports. Haiti has consistently ranked among the most corrupt countries in the world on the Corruption Perceptions Index.

About one third of the national government's budget is money given to them by other countries. The United States gives the most money. Canada gives the second largest amount of money. The European Union, Venezuela and Cuba also give and help Haiti's economy in different ways. Haiti has renewed its alliances with Venezuela and Cuba in 2006 and 2007.

From 2001 to 2004, the United States stopped giving aid to Haiti completely. The aid was cut off after Haiti's 2000 election. The election's results were questioned, and President Aristide was accused of cheating to win the election. Aristide was overthrown in 2004. After that, the United States started giving aid to Haiti again. The United Nations led a peacekeeping operation called the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti. (The Mission is called called MINUSTAH in Haiti; this is an acronym for the Mission's name in French). The Brazilian army led the peacekeeping operation.

Even after President Aristide was overthrown, corruption continued to be very common in Haiti.

Haiti has a large amount of foreign debt (money owed to other countries and international institutions to repay loans). The Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) program planned to forgive about $525 million of Haiti's debt by mid-2009.

In 2009, the population of Haiti (the number of people living in the country) was about 10,090,190. Figures from the DNA Nationwide Studies Institute say that the racial makeup of the population is:

Some East Asians also live in the country. 


1500s

The 1500s was a decade that started on 1 January 1500 and ended on 31 December 1509.


1901

1901 (MCMI) was a common year starting on Tuesday in the Gregorian calendar, and starting on a Monday in the Julian calendar. It was also the first year of the 20th century.


















1864

1864 was a leap year starting on Friday using the Gregorian calendar. It was a leap year starting on Wednesday using the Julian calendar.





1897

The year 1897 (MDCCCXCVII) was a common year starting on Friday on the Gregorian calendar.














Hodgenville, Kentucky

Hodgenville is a town in the American state of Kentucky. It is the county seat of Larue County. It is most famous as the birthplace of President Abraham Lincoln. A memorial featuring a replica (copy) of the cabin Lincoln was born in is near the town.

University of Oxford

The University of Oxford is a university in Oxford, England. It is the oldest university in the English-speaking world. The Times Higher Education World University Rankings stated that "it is the best university in the world" in the 2000s.

The university is 39 colleges and five private halls. All of these colleges have their own buildings and their own staff. Oxford is quite different from most modern universities where all the students live on a campus. Oxford does not have a campus, although it does have some central places where students from different colleges can come together (for example, libraries).

The Bodleian Library (founded in 1602) is the main library of the University of Oxford, and one of the oldest libraries in Europe. It is the second largest library in the United Kingdom after the British Library.

Oxford is the world's third-oldest university after the University of Bologna, and the world's second-oldest surviving university.

There is no known date of foundation, but there is evidence of teaching as far back as 1096. It grew rapidly from 1167 when Henry II banned English students from attending the University of Paris. English students were not allowed to continue studying in Paris after Thomas Becket was murdered.

There were fights between the students in Oxford and the people who lived there in the early 13th century. Some students and teachers left the university in 1209, and made a new university in Cambridge. These two universities are now great rivals, and together are sometimes known as "Oxbridge".

Until 1920, women were not allowed to take degrees at Oxford, although some women studied at Oxford before that time. Nowadays, all the colleges allow both men and women as students, and the number of male and female students is roughly equal.

One of the most famous teachers at the university was Lewis Carroll, author of "Alice in Wonderland" and "Through the Looking-Glass", stories for children.

There are 39 colleges at Oxford and five permanent private halls.

A college will normally offer the students accommodation (a room to sleep and study in) for the first and last years of their time at University. Many also offer accommodation for other years. A college will also have space for teaching and socializing. When most of the older colleges started they were only for people of one sex, but St Hilda's College, the last college to allow only women to study there, recently allowed men as well.

A permanent private hall is slightly different to a college. They were normally started by religious groups to educate their members in philosophy and theology, but some have since grown and offer a broader range of subjects. Some halls are run by monks.

Most colleges will teach at both undergraduate (the more basic first degree that a student takes) and postgraduate (a higher level of study) level. There are also some special colleges that are more restrictive. Five colleges only offer space to postgraduate students. Harris Manchester College is only for "mature students" (those who are over 21 when they start their degree). All Souls College does not take students – all of its members teach students or do research.

Oxford, like Cambridge, is very popular, but there are only a limited number of spaces for students. It is therefore harder for students to get into these universities. The colleges look for the students with the best school results in the subjects for which they are applying, typically A marks on A-levels.




Def Leppard

Def Leppard are an English rock band. They formed in Sheffield, England in 1976. Its founding members include: lead singer Joe Elliot, bassist Rick Savage, guitarist Pete Willis, and drummer Tony Kenning. When Kenning left the band in 1978, Frank Noon played the drums. The same year, Def Leppard made their first extended play, named "The Def Leppard E.P". Frank Noon was replaced by drummer Rick Allen, and guitarist Steve Clark joined the band shortly after. The band was a part of the new wave of British heavy metal in the 1970s and 1980s.

Their first album, "On Through the Night" (1980), was a hit. In April 1980, Def Leppard signed with Leber-Krebs management. Later in 1980, they went on their first U.S. tour with Ted Nugent, AC/DC, and Judas Priest. In 1981 they released their second album, "High ‘n’ Dry". After the album came out, MTV broadcasted Def Leppard for the first time. MTV showed their hit song “Bringin’ on the Heartbreak.” 

In 1982, Pete Willis was replaced by Phil Collen. The band started recording their third album with producer Mutt Lange. In 1983, their third album, "Pyromania," was released. The single “Photograph” was also released, and the album sold 100,000 copies in a week. In 1984, drummer Rick Allen lost an arm due to a car accident. He started to play with an electronic drum kit, and taught himself how to play the drums with one arm. In 1986, Rick Allen played music with the band for the first time since his accident.

In 1987, the band’s fourth album, "Hysteria", was released. The album had 12 singles, and sold 16 million copies. In 1991, guitarist Steve Clark died. He died because of a mixture of alcohol and painkillers. In 1992, Vivian Campbell joined the band. Vivian Campbell was the guitarist for Dio and Whitesnake. That year, the band released "Adrenalize". This album was number one on the "Billboard" 200 music chart for five weeks, and sold six million copies.

In 1993, the song “Two Steps Behind” was used for the end credits of the movie "Last Action Hero". The same year, the compilation album "Retro Active" was released. In 1995, "Vault" was released. It is an album of all of Def Leppard’s best selling songs. "Vault" went to number two on music charts in New Zealand. In 1996, the album "Slang" was released. 

VH1 made a “Behind the Music” episode on Def Leppard. Other TV exposure followed, such as “Storytellers”, and “Ultimate Albums.” In 1999, the album "Euphoria" was released. In 2000, the band was put on the Hollywood RockWalk, a hall of fame for rock musicians in Los Angeles. In 2001, they released their first DVDs, “In the Round, In your Face” and “Historia”. The same year, VH1 broadcast the movie “Hysteria: The Def Leppard Story.” 

In 2002, the album "X" was released. In 2005, the album and DVD “Rock of Ages” is released. In 2006, Def Leppard released their covers album named "Yeah!". In 2008, the band’s twelfth album, "Songs from the Sparkle Lounge," was released. The band was put into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2019.



Husband (disambiguation)

A husband is the male spouse in a marriage.

Husband may also refer to:

46 BC

Year 46 BC was the last year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Caesar and Lepidus.




Winter storm

Winter storms or snowstorms happen when warm, wet air meets with cold air. The warm, wet air mass and the cold air mass can each be or more in diameter. Snowstorms affecting Northeastern United States often get their moisture from air moving north from the Gulf of Mexico and cold air from air masses coming down from the Arctic. In the Northwest United States warm, wet air from the Pacific Ocean cools when it is pushed upward by the mountains. Many different things can affect the direction of movement, moisture content and temperature of air masses. All of these differences affect the type and severity of the snowstorm.

Winter storms and blizzards can make several meters of snow that blow into big drifts. Sometimes the drifts can be over tall. They could even cover a house.

Lots of popular winter storms are part of North America's history. In 1846 the Donner Party traveled away by covered wagons from Illinois headed for Sutter's Fort near Sacramento, California. As an answer of bad decisions and slow going, they tried to go across the big Sierra Nevada Mountains in the late October. Usually, California is still warm at that time of the year. As the party crossed the Sierra Nevada Mountains, they did not see any snow and was not worried.
However, after they left, a huge snowstorm hit. The party was forced to camp near Truckee, California. The snow was so deep that the wagon wheels became stuck, so they could not move anyplace. They tried to wait the storm out, but when one blizzard ended, another began immediately before they had time to escape.
Their food became short, so some of the people decided to hike out and find help rather than to starve to death. Most of them died in the freezing weather, and many of those who stayed behind in the camp survived. Of the 87 people who started in Illinois, only 47 lived.

Sri Lanka

The Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka (ශ්‍රී ලංකා in Sinhala, இலங்கை in Tamil) is a tropical island nation off the southeast coast of the Indian subcontinent. The capital of the country is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte while the largest city is Colombo. Sri Lanka shares a sea boundary with the Maldives in the south-west part and India in the north-west.

It was known as Ceylon before 1972, and Serendib and Sinhale, among other names, before that. It was South Asia's oldest democracy.

Sri Lanka has three main ethnic groups. They differ in their religions and origins, and there has often been difficulties between the groups. The total population of the island is over 20 million people, and rapidly expanding.

The largest of the three groups is the population of Sinhalese people. Most of them are Buddhist. Their language is Sinhala. They make up about 75% of the population.

The second largest group is the Tamil people. They are mostly Hindu and most live in the north. There are about 2,271,000 Tamils in Sri Lanka. The Sri Lankan Civil War against Tamil separatists lasted 28 years.

The third largest group is the Sri Lankan Moors. They are Muslim. There are over one and a half million people in this group. They use Tamil as their language today.

Other than these three main groups, there are burghers (descendants of colonial ancestors), Malays and Chinese.

In areas such as Dabana, Mahiyangaya ; lives the indigenous group called 'veddas' who are said to descend from Kuweni and Vijaya's son 'Jeewahaththa'.

Buddhist missionaries arrived from India in 250 BC during the time period of King Devanampiyatissa. The kings of the island, and eventually most of the Sinhalese people, became Buddhists. Legend has it that Buddha visited the island three times.

The island was subject to waves of European settlement and eventually colonisation. The Portuguese in the 16th and 17th centuries, the Dutch in the 17th and 18th centuries, and lastly the British from 1796 to 1948. The British traded as the others had done, but also developed plantations of coffee and tea. Tea was planted after a fungus destroyed the coffee plantations in 1869. The tea plantations were the basis of Sri Lankan prosperity for a hundred years. Lastly, rubber plantations were started in the early 20th century. In 1965, Ceylon became the world's leading exporter of tea, with 200,000 tonnes of tea being shipped internationally annually.

Independence from the British was got in 1948, together with Dominion status in the British Commonwealth of Nations. In 1972, Ceylon changed its name officially to the Republic of Sri Lanka, and is still a member of the Commonwealth.

In 2009 came the end of a long Sri Lankan Civil War between Sinhalese and Tamils. In the 2010s, tourism rapidly grew as a source of foreign investment and currency. An economic crisis in the early 2020s led to political violence.

The Sri Lanka flag is also known as the Lion flag because of the Lion on it. The Lion is holding a sword in its right paw. There is a crimson background with four leaves in each corner. There is a yellow border. On the left of the flag, there are the colors green and saffron.

The lion represents bravery. The four leaves represent Karuna, Meththa, Muditha and Upeksha. The orange stripe represents the Sri Lankan Tamils and the green stripe represents the Sri Lankan Moors.
Sri Lanka has 9 provinces.





Reptile

Reptile is the common name for one of the main groups of land vertebrates. It is not used so much by biologists, who use more accurate terms.

The name "reptile" comes from Latin and means "one who creeps". All living reptile species are cold blooded, have scaly skin, and lay cleidoic eggs. They excrete uric acid (instead of urea), and have a cloaca. A cloaca is a shared opening for the anus, urinary tract and reproductive ducts. Reptiles also share an arrangement of the heart and major blood vessels which is different from that of mammals. Birds have all of these features.

Many important groups of reptiles are now extinct, for example the mosasaurs. We used to say the dinosaurs were extinct, but they survive in the form of their feathered descendants (birds). Ancient reptiles that do survive include the turtles, the crocodiles and the Tuatara, the lone survivor of its group. The great majority of present-day reptiles are snakes and lizards.

The study of living reptiles is called "herpetology".

Some reptiles are more closely related to birds than they are to other reptiles. Crocodiles are more closely related to birds than they are to lizards. Theropod dinosaurs are even more closely related, because birds evolved from them.

Cladistic writers prefer to put the birds (over 10,000 species) with what people usually call reptiles. (see Sauropsida)

Reptilia is an evolutionary grade rather than a clade. The main reason is that the term 'reptile' does not include birds, the descendents of theropod dinosaurs. Another reason is that the word 'reptile' is misleading because many extinct types were very different from living reptiles.

So instead of Reptilia as a taxonomic class, today many experts use Class Sauropsida (which includes all reptiles and birds, living and extinct). Class Synapsida includes mammals and all their forebears. "Reptile" is still the usual informal term to describe living snakes and lizards. Mammals are a genuine clade, and so Mammalia is still the taxonomic term.

Since reptiles are not monophyletic, reclassifying them is one of the key aims of researchers. Some taxonomists, such as Benton, make Sauropsida and Synapsida class-level taxa. The two groups split in the Carboniferous, from stem-group Amniotes (the early tetrapods, which laid cleidoic eggs).

A membrane forms an inner eyelid in reptiles and birds. Whitish or translucent, it can be drawn across the eye to protect it from dust and keep it moist. It is called the "nictitating membrane".

Reptiles can live in large and small sizes. Their land sizes can be both bigger and smaller than mammals. Titanosaurs were the largest land reptiles, and the smallest land reptile is a chameleon 13.5mm long.


Snake

Snakes are reptiles. They are part of the order Squamata. They are carnivores, with long narrow bodies and no legs. There are at least 20 families, about 500 genera and 3,400 species of snake.

The earliest known fossils are from the Jurassic period. This was between 143 and 167 million years ago.

Their long, slender body has some special features. They have overlapping scales which protect them, and help them move and climb trees. The scales have colours which may be camouflage or warning colours.

Many species have skulls with more joints than the skulls of their lizard ancestors. This allows the snakes to swallow prey much larger than their heads. In their narrow bodies, snakes' paired organs (such as kidneys) appear one in front of the other instead of side by side. Most have only one working lung. Some species have kept a pelvic girdle with a pair of vestigial claws on either side of the cloaca. They have no eyelids or external ears. They can hiss, but otherwise make no vocal sounds.

They are very mobile in their own way. Most of them live in the tropics. Few snake species live beyond the Tropic of Cancer or Tropic of Capricorn, and only one species, the common viper ("Vipera berus") lives beyond the Arctic Circle. They can see well enough, and they can taste scents with their tongues by flicking them in and out. They are very sensitive to vibrations in the ground. Some snakes can sense warm-blooded animals by thermal infrared.

Most snakes live on the ground, and in the trees. Others live in the water, and a few live under the soil. Like other reptiles, snakes are ectotherms. They control their body temperature by moving in and out of the direct sunshine. That is why they are rare in cold places.

Snakes range in size from the tiny, 10.4 cm (4 inch)-long thread snake to the reticulated python of in length. The extinct snake "Titanoboa" was long.

Snakes are thought to have evolved from lizards. The earliest snake fossils are from the Lower Cretaceous. A wide range of snakes appeared during the Paleocene period ("c" 66 to 56 million years ago).

The Squamata are definitely a monophyletic group: it is a sister group to the Tuatara. Judged by their fossil record, the squamates were present in the Mesozoic, but had a minor place in the land ecology. Three of the six lines are recorded first in the Upper Jurassic, the others in the Cretaceous. Probably all, certainly the lizards, arose earlier in the Jurassic. The Mosasaurs of the Upper Cretaceous were by far the most successful of all the lizards, becoming the top predator in their ecosystem.

Although snakes and lizards look very different, "neither is a proper clade". Snakes did descend from early lizards, not once, but many different times.

There is a monophyletic clade within the Squamata. It is the Toxicofera. It includes all venomous snakes and lizards, and many related non-venomous species. The evidence for this is in recent molecular analyses.

The fossil of a primitive snake from the Lower Cretaceous has been found. It lived about 113 million years ago. It had rather small front and rear legs. Several other fossil snakes have been found with small rear legs, but this is the first one with all four legs. The snake, "Tetrapodophis amplectus", lived on land and was adapted to burrowing. The researcher said there were "a lot of very advanced snake features, including its hooked teeth, flexible jaw and spine – and even snake-like scales. And there's the gut contents – it's swallowed another vertebrate. It was preying on other animals, which is a snake feature". The snake came from the Crato Formation in Brazil, and lay in a private collection for many years. It was re-discovered in a museum at Solnhofen, Bavaria.

Most snakes are nonvenomous. Those that have venom use it mainly to kill and subdue prey rather than for self-defense. Some have venom potent enough to cause painful injury or death to humans. Nonvenomous snakes either swallow prey alive or kill by squeezing.

Two taxonomic families are entirely venomous:

A third family with the "rear-fanged" snakes (and most of the other snake species) is the

Many snakes have skulls with more joints than their lizard ancestors. This helps them swallow prey much larger than their heads. The bones of the head and jaws can move apart to let large prey move into their body. The throat, stomach and intestines can also expand in a most extraordinary manner. In this was, a thin-looking snake can swallow and digest a larger animal.

To fit their narrow bodies, snakes' paired organs (such as kidneys) are one in front of the other instead of side by side, and most snakes have only one working lung. Some species have a pelvic girdle with a pair of vestigial claws on either side of the cloaca. This is a relic of the legs which do not appear in modern snakes.

Snakes need to shed their skin regularly while they grow. This is called moulting. Snakes shed their skin by rubbing their head against something rough and hard, like a piece of wood or a rock. This causes the skin, which is already stretched, to split open. The snake keeps on rubbing its skin on various rough objects until the skin peels off from its head. This lets it crawl out, turning the skin inside out.

All snakes are carnivorous; they eat other animals. Some are venomous; they inject venom along grooves in their teeth. Some snakes are constrictors. Constrictors are not venomous, so they squeeze their prey to death. Snakes swallow their food whole, and they cannot chew. Because snakes are cold-blooded, they do not have to eat as regularly as mammals. People who own pet snakes feed them as infrequently as once per month. Some snakes can go as long as six months without a good meal.

Snakes have a very flexible lower jaw, the two halves of which are not rigidly attached, and many other joints in their skull. They can open their mouths wide enough to swallow their prey whole, even if the prey is larger in diameter than the snake itself.

Not having arms and legs doesn't stop snakes from moving. They have developed several different ways of moving to deal with particular environments. Each type of snake movement is discrete and distinct from the others.

Lateral undulation is a snake's only way of moving in water, and the most common way of moving altogether. In this mode, the body of the snake alternately bends to the left and right, resulting in a series of rearward-moving "waves". While this movement appears rapid, snakes have rarely been seen moving faster than two body-lengths per second, often much less. This mode of movement has the same amount of calories burned per meter moved as running in lizards of the same mass.

Terrestrial lateral undulation is the most common mode of moving for most snake species. In this mode, the posteriorly moving waves push against contact points in the environment, such as rocks, twigs, irregularities in the soil, etc. The movement is just the same over sand and in water. The movement makes a force against the substrate (ground, sand or water). This gives forward thrust. The speed of the movement depends upon the density of push-points in the environment. The wave speed is the same as the snake speed, and as a result, every point on the snake's body follows the path of the point ahead of it. Snakes move through dense vegetation, small openings, sand and water all quite well.

Snakes move forward in water by moving their bodies in a wave-like motion. The waves become larger as they move down the snake's body, and the wave travels backwards faster than the snake moves forwards. Thrust is got by pushing their body against the water. 

Studies show that the pattern of muscle activation is somewhat different in aquatic versus terrestrial lateral undulation. All snakes can laterally undulate forward (with backward-moving waves), but only sea snakes have been observed reversing the motion (moving backwards with forward-moving waves).

This is most often used by colubroid snakes (colubrids, elapids, and vipers). They use it when the environment lacks anything firm to push against, such as a slick mud flat, or a sand dune. Sidewinding is a modified form of lateral undulation in which all of the body segments oriented in one direction remain in contact with the ground, while the other segments are lifted up. This results in a peculiar "rolling" motion. This mode of moving overcomes the slippery nature of sand or mud by pushing off with only static portions on the body, thereby minimizing slipping. The static nature of the contact points can be shown from the tracks of a sidewinding snake, which show each belly scale imprint, without any smearing. This mode of moving has very low caloric cost, less than of the cost for a lizard or normal snake to move the same distance.

When push-points are absent, but the space is too narrow for sidewinding, such as in tunnels, snakes rely on concertina moving. In this mode, the snake braces the back part of its body against the tunnel wall while the front of the snake extends and straightens. The front portion then flexes and forms an anchor point, and the back part is straightened and pulled forwards. This mode of moving is slow and very demanding, needing up to seven times the energy of laterally undulating over the same distance. This high cost is due to the repeated stops and starts of portions of the body as well as the need to use the muscles to brace against the tunnel walls.

The slowest mode of snake moving is rectilinear moving, which is also the only one where the snake does not need to bend its body laterally, though it may do so when turning. In this mode, the belly scales are lifted and pulled forward before being placed down and the body pulled over them. Waves of movement and stasis pass posteriorly, resulting in a series of ripples in the skin. The ribs of the snake do not move in this mode of moving and this method is most often used by large pythons, boas, and vipers when stalking prey across open ground as the snake's movements are subtle and harder to detect by their prey in this manner.

The movement of snakes in trees has only recently been studied. While on tree branches, snakes use several modes of moving depending on species and bark texture. In general, snakes will use a modified form of concertina moving on smooth branches, but will laterally undulate if contact points are available. Snakes move faster on small branches and when contact points are present, in contrast to limbed animals, which do better on large branches with little 'clutter'.

Gliding snakes ("Chrysopelea") of southeast Asia launch themselves from branch tips, spreading their ribs and laterally undulating as they glide between trees. These snakes can perform a controlled glide for hundreds of feet depending upon launch altitude and can even turn in midair.



Freddie Mercury

Farrokh Bulsara (5 September 1946 – 24 November 1991), better known as Freddie Mercury, was a British singer, songwriter, record producer, and lead singer of the rock band Queen. Regarded as one of the greatest singers in popular music history, he was known for his flamboyant stage persona and four-octave vocal range. Mercury wrote numerous hits for Queen, including "Bohemian Rhapsody", "Killer Queen", "Somebody to Love", "Don't Stop Me Now", "Crazy Little Thing Called Love", and "We Are the Champions". He led a solo career while performing with Queen, and occasionally served as a producer and guest musician for other artists.

He formed Queen in 1970 with guitarist Brian May, and drummer Roger Taylor. Bass guitarist John Deacon joined in 1971. Mercury died in 1991 at age 45 due to complications from AIDS, having confirmed the day before his death that he had the disease. In 1992, Mercury was posthumously awarded the Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to British Music, and a tribute concert was held at Wembley Stadium, London. As a member of Queen, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2001, the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2003, and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2004. In 2002, he was placed number 58 in the BBC's 2002 poll of the 100 Greatest Britons. He is consistently voted one of the greatest singers in the history of popular music.

Freddie Mercury was born Farrokh Bulsara on 5 September 1946 in Stone Town in the British protectorate of the Zanzibar (now part of Tanzania). His parents were Jer and Bomi Bulsara both of them are Persian origin from Iran. His father worked as a cashier in the British Colonial Office, a branch of the government. Mercury had a sister named Kashmira. His friends at school gave him the name "Freddie." His family then began calling him Freddie, too.

At age eight, Mercury was sent to a boarding school in India. The school, St. Peters English Boarding school in Panchgani, was about 50 miles outside the city of Bombay (now called Mumbai). He began to show talent as an artist and a sportsman. At age ten, he was named the school champion of Table Tennis. When he was twelve, he received a trophy called the Junior All-rounder.

While in school he joined a choir and began to learn to play the piano. He had a four-octave vocal range.

He was a follower of Zoroastrianism.

In 1964, Mercury moved to London with his family. He studied art at Ealing Art College. While in London, he became fond of Mary Austin, a woman he met through his guitarist, Brian May. They lived together for several years before and after the band became famous. They moved into a house in London nicknamed "The Court of King Freddie". Mary still lived in that house after she and Mercury broke up.

Mercury was in love with a local barber when he died. He had been with him in a relationship for six years when it was learned by the media that Mercury had AIDS, which he was tested positive for in 1987. One day after the news was broadcast, Mercury died of Bronchopneumonia caused by AIDS on 24 November 1991 at the age of 45. 


Sun Tzu

Sun Tzu (544 BC – 496 BC) also called Sun Wu, was an ancient Chinese general, military expert, and philosopher. He is widely believed to have been the writer of the most important work of military strategy and theory, "The Art of War". His name means "Master Sun". His family name is Sun, Tzu is an honorific (title of respect) meaning "master."

Most of what is known about Sun Tzu comes from Ssu-ma Ch'ien's "Shih chi", also called the "Records of the Grand Historian". According to Ssu-ma, Sun Tzu lived during the era called the Spring and Autumn Period of China (770 to 476 BC).

Sun Tzu was born in the State of Qi (now Shandong Province). This is according to the Records of the Grand Historians. However, the "Spring and Autumn Annals of Wu and Yueh" claim he was born in Wu. Sun Tzu lived during the turbulent period of the late Chou dynasty. He grew up in a military family and he studied military science. Not much is known about his childhood or early life. It is known that at some point in his life he became known as a great general and a military strategist. He became a general for King Helü of Wu.

Sun Tzu won battles by not actually fighting his enemy if it was unnecessary. He recommended spies, deception and a commander having complete control of his soldiers. When he fought, he understood warfare better than most of his opponents. Sun Tzu learned to win battles with the least loss of his own men.
Many historians believe he was the victor at the Battle of Boju in 506 BC. The great historian Sima Qian (145/135–86 BC), writer of "Shiji" (Historical Record), called Sun Tzu an exceptional strategic battlefield commander. He also said Sun Tzu was both flexible and had unlimited surprises for his enemies. Sima Qian wrote that in his nearly 40 years as a general, Sun Tzu never lost a battle, a campaign or a war.

"The Art of War" was one of the earliest books on Chinese warfare. It remains one of the best known and most influential books ever written. The book was widely copied in the ancient world. An early copy was discovered in 1972. It was written on bamboo slats that were sewn together. It became known in the Western world during the late 18th century. It was translated to English only in the 20th century.

At that time the rules for warfare were based on chivalry. War was the sport of rich noblemen. Sun Tzu refused to see war as a sport. He used Taoist principles and applied them to warfare. In doing so, he changed the rules of war. Unlike generals who enjoyed long campaigns, he understood that war is serious. Sun Tzu believed that once a war started, the goal was to defeat the enemy. Sun Tzu was unconventional in that he did not follow the prevailing wisdom of his time. Other generals were simply unprepared for Sun Tzu's tactics.

For at least the last 2000 years, Sun Tzu has had a tremendous influence on military thinking. The Art of War is credited by Mao Zedong as having helped him defeat Chiang Kai-Shek in the Chinese Civil War. Ho Chi Minh was a fan of Sun Tzu. He led the Communist Vietnamese in their fight against American-backed South Vietnam. The American generals Norman Schwarzkopf, Jr. and Colin Powell followed Sun Tzu's principles during the Gulf War.
<br>

Western world

Western world has meant various things at various times. In the earliest history of Europe, it referred to Ancient Greece and the Aegean. During the Roman Empire, it meant the Western Roman Empire (covering the area from Croatia to Britain). At other times, it has meant Western Europe or Europe or Christendom. During and after the Cold War, it sometimes meant the democratic countries or those allied with the various NATO powers.

In this day and age, it often refers to the places that have a European cultural heritage, called Western civilization. This European heritage itself is a combination of Judeo-Christian ethic, classical Greco-Roman thinking and the cultural practices of the "barbarian" peoples of Northern Europe. Under the strictest definition, it would be the United States, Canada, Western Europe, Australia, and New Zealand.

At its widest medieval definition, it includes the following 36 countries:


Mouse

A mouse (plural "mice") is a small rodent, which is a kind of mammal. 
It has a pointed snout, small rounded ears, a body-length scaly tail and a high breeding rate. Most belong to the mus genus. The best known mouse species is the common house mouse ("Mus musculus"). Usually, house mice are brownish-gray. It is also a popular pet. In some places, certain kinds of field mice are also common. They are known to invade homes for food and occasionally shelter.

These small animals are often used in science experiments, or sometimes kept as pets. Some mice carry diseases. In some places they damage crops. This causes some people to think of mice as vermin or pests. Many other people think mice are cute and fun animals. 

Mice are rodents, therefore they are related to squirrels, rats, and beavers. Mice eat weeds, seeds, berries, and more. They are eaten by owls, foxes, snakes, weasels, and cats, amongst others.

The word "mouse" should only be used for small murines, but does get used for other distantly-related small rodents. The murines are the largest subfamily of mammals. In fact, it is larger than almost all mammal orders.

The common house mouse is thought of as a pest. They are found in the homes of humans.

Voles are "not" mice, they are in a different family of rodents. 

These are not mice either, or only distantly related. These mice live in forests. They can run and jump better than mice, and they get their common name from this.

The aggressive "grasshopper mouse" rarely eats other mice, but it does like grasshoppers and insects. It is also only a distant relative.

Anthropomorphism makes cartoon mice look and act more like people than like real mice. For example, the Disney characters Mickey and Minnie Mouse walk, talk, and act like people. Jerry, the mouse star of Tom and Jerry cartoons, is similarly humanized.

Laboratory mice get used for experiments.

In 2024, media wrote about research where skin cell can maybe be turned into an egg (that has not been [[fertilization|fertilized). That kind of egg is called a [[zygote]].

[[Category:Old World rats and mice]]
Advance Wars

Advance Wars is a video game for the Game Boy Advance. It is based on earlier games for Nintendo systems such as the Famicom and Game Boy. It is a strategy game: players must think of ways to win.

The game can be played with two, three, or four players at a time. Each player takes turns controlling their military-style playing pieces, called "units." Every unit can move along the playing field, which is split up into squares. The amount of squares a unit can move in one turn is different for each unit.

Most units can attack other units. Each unit has its own strength and defense. Strength is how much damage the unit can do to another unit. Defense is how much damage it can avoid taking whenever it is attacked. For example, the tank unit has more defense than the soldier, so even though the helicopter always has the same amount of attacking power, it can do more damage to the soldier than the tank.

Solomon Islands

Solomon Islands () are a group of islands in the South Pacific that make up a country. They are known for their beauty and for the many languages spoken there. The capital of Solomon Islands is Honiara.

In the 1890s the islands became a protectorate of the British Empire.

The Empire of Japan forces arrived in early 1942 and the United States Marine Corps attacked them, starting the Guadalcanal Campaign.

There was civil unrest between 1998 and 2003, commonly called "the tensions" or "the ethnic tension"; it included fighting between the Isatabu Freedom Movement (also known as the Guadalcanal Revolutionary Army) and the Malaita Eagle Force (as well as the Marau Eagle Force). (Although much of the conflict was between Guales and Malaitans, two research papers say that the 'ethnic conflict' label is an oversimplification.

In 2006, riots broke out following the election of Snyder Rini as Prime Minister, destroying part of the capital's Chinatown and displacing more than 1,000 Chinese residents; The Regional Assistance Mission to Solomon Islands (RAMSI), the 16-country Pacific Islands Forum initiative set up in 2003 with assistance from Australia, intervened, sending in additional police and army officers to bring the situation under control. A motion of no confidence was passed against the Prime Minister. Following his resignation, a five-party Grand Coalition for Change Government was formed in May 2006, with Manasseh Sogavare as Prime Minister, quelling the riots and running the government. The army part of RAMSI was removed and rebuilding took shape.

On 13 December 2007, Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare was toppled by a vote of no confidence in Parliament, following the defection of five ministers to the opposition. It was the first time a prime minister had lost office in this way in Solomon Islands. On 20 December, Parliament elected the opposition's candidate (and former Minister for Education) Derek Sikua as Prime Minister, in a vote of 32 to 15.

On 2 April 2007 at 07:39:56 local time (), an earthquake with magnitude 8.1 occurred at hypocenter S8.453 E156.957, 349 kilometres (217 miles) northwest of the island's capital, Honiara and south-east of the capital of Western Province, Gizo, at a depth of 10 km (6.2 miles). More than 44 aftershocks with magnitude 5.0 or greater occurred up until 22:00:00 UTC, Wednesday, 4 April 2007. A tsunami followed killing at least 52 people, destroying more than 900 homes and leaving thousands of people homeless. Land upthrust extended the shoreline of one island, Ranongga, by up to 70 metres (230 ft) exposing many once pristine coral reefs.

On 6 February 2013, an earthquake with magnitude of 8.0 occurred at epicenter S10.80 E165.11 in the Santa Cruz Islands followed by a tsunami up to 1.5 metres. At least nine people were killed and many houses demolished. The main quake was preceded by a sequence of earthquakes with a magnitude of up to 6.0.

The country is divided into nine provinces and the town of Honiara:


Intestine

The intestines, divided into the small intestine and the large intestine, of an animal are like a tube through which food and bile from the stomach move.

The first part of the small intestine is called the duodenum, where most food is broken down by enzymes. Later, the small intestine absorbs useful compounds from the digested food, which is done using small villi or tiny microvilli - hair-like structures in the walls of the intestine.

The large intestine, also called the bowel, absorbs water and any other nutrients, as well as vitamins made by the gut flora in the colon. Finally, waste is expelled through the anus.

Chemical equation

A chemical equation is a way to predict the way that two or more chemicals will work together. Using what chemists know about the way chemicals act, we add the letter symbols together just like a math problem. In this way we can correctly guess if we will get a new chemical when we mix two or more chemicals together, and what that chemical will be.

Chemical equations are either worded or written using the elements' symbols, how much of the element and in what state (solid[s], liquid[l], gas[g]) it is in.

For example: An aqueous solution of sodium chloride (NaCl[aq]) and another aqueous solution of silver nitrate (AgNO[aq]). These mixed together form sodium nitrate (NaNO[aq]) and silver chloride (AgCl[s])

Which in symbols is:

NaCl(aq) + AgNO(aq) → NaNO(aq) + AgCl(s)

The solutions formed the solid AgCl. This formation can be called a precipitate and the reaction between the two solutions a precipitation reaction, because the solid produced is not dissolved, whereas all the other products are dissolved.

Chemical equations need to be balanced to satisfy the law of conservation of matter. Chemical equations tell that in a closed system matter is neither created nor destroyed. The chemical equation needs to be balanced so that it follows the law of conservation of mass. A balanced chemical equation happens when the number of the different atoms of elements on the reactants side is equal to that of the products side.

Balancing chemical equations is a process of trial and error. To balance the equation, the amounts of the reactants and products must be changed. As necessary, by adding coefficients in front of the appropriate formulas. When balancing an equation, never change the subscripts, because that changes the substance. To determine the number of atoms of each element, the coefficient is multiplied times the subscripts in each formula.

A chemical equation is a written symbolic representation of a chemical reaction. The reactant chemicals are given on the left-hand side and the product chemical on the right-hand side. The law of conservation of mass says that no atoms can be made in a chemical reaction. Also, it cannot be destroyed. So the number of atoms that are present in the reactants has to balance the number of atoms that are present in the reaction.

There are two practices of balancing a chemical equation. The first one is balancing by Inspection. Balancing by inspection is the most basic method used. It works best for simple problems. More complicated ones require experience. The second one is Balancing by Numerical Method. The most important parts of the numerical methotrexate, contrary to the inspection method, it gives the answer. If the reaction can be balanced, coefficients can be seen. If the reaction can't be balanced, it means that there are more unidentified than independent statements, or that statements are opposite. With inspection method, it won't prove that the equation can't be balanced.

why do we need to balance a chemical equation?

"we need to balance a chemical equation because "law of conservation of mass"" state that mass can neither be created nor destroyed in a chemical reaction.

So number of elements involved in a chemical reaction should remain same at reactant and product side.


Lucifer

Lucifer is another name for "Satan". This is because people interpret a passage in the Book of Isaiah of the Bible in a certain way. Lucifer is Latin. It is made of two parts, "lux-lucis" (light) and "ferre" (to bring).
There are two mentions of "Lucifer" in the Latin Vulgate. is used to refer to the morning star, the planet Venus that appears at dawn: once in to translate the Greek word "Φωσφόρος" (Phosphoros), which has exactly the same literal meaning of "Light-Bringer" that "Lucifer" has in Latin; and once in to translate "הילל" (Hêlēl), which also means "Morning Star".

"Lucifer" is the Latin name for the "Morning Star", both in prose and poetry, as seen in works by Marcus Terentius Varro (116–27 BC), Cicero (106-43 BC) and other early Latin writers

Cicero wrote:

And Pliny the Elder:

Poets also used the word "Lucifer". Ovid has at least eleven mentions of the Morning Star in his poetry. Virgil wrote: 

And Statius:

Lucifer is the epitome of evil in the Christian religion. Lucifer is believed by some to be Satan's name when he was still an angel, but it is Latin for 'light bringer' and not originally in the Bible. 
The word "Lucifer" was also used in Latin to mean the "morningstar", the planet Venus, and this word was used in the Latin version of Isaiah 14, where the Hebrew version was speaking to a king of Babylonia. 

Astrobiology

Astrobiology is the study of life in outer space. The field of astrobiology looks for conditions necessary for life, such as liquid water or a similar substitute, a good temperature, or the presence of oxygen.

Some possible places to find life in the solar system are Europa, Ganymede, moons of Jupiter, or Titan and Enceladus, both moons of Saturn. Some of these places may have liquid water, or, in the case of Titan, hydrocarbons that could support a different type of life. They may be too cold to support life on their surfaces, but if they have liquid water, the water must be warm enough to support life. Astrobiologists suggest that there may be a liquid water ocean under their surfaces.


Castle

Castles are medieval buildings which were defensive homes for powerful people. They could be made from wood, stone, or brick, and some were used for hundreds of years. Thousands of castles were built across Europe, the Middle East, and Japan with different designs. Today, most castles are ruins and many are popular tourist attractions.

In England and Wales castles were first used by the invading Normans led by Duke William in 1066. They provided a base for lord of the castle to control the surrounding area and govern their land. Castles were designed to be imposing: their massive defenses deterred attackers and showed the owner's strength.

A few troops in a castle could defend themselves against a much larger army. The most common method for taking a castle would be to besiege or storm it. Each had problems. Storming a castle would kill many of the attackers, but a siege would take a long time. Both methods sometimes failed.

Castles were first built in the 9th century and the practice continued up to the 16th century. A castle was both a home for someone important like a king or noble, and a fort. Castles were designed to keep people out and show how powerful the people inside were. They were sometimes used in war, with many famous sieges like the siege of Kenilworth in 1266 which lasted for six months, or Stirling Castle which was besieged eight times.

Castles could look very strong, but sometimes the defences were mostly for show. The moat around Bodiam Castle is not very deep and could be drained by an attacking army, so was not very practical as a defence. But it made the castle look very impressive, and look bigger than it really is. If the owner of a castle rebelled against their ruler they might be punished by having their castle demolished, known as slighting.

Castles were built in Europe and the Middle East, with similar buildings developing separately in Japan in the 15th century. Castles were usually built from either wood or stone, and sometimes brick. Some castles started off as wooden and were then rebuilt in stone, which was more expensive and a stronger so that the castles could be bigger. They could be built on hills or low areas like the edge of towns or at river crossings. There is the widely held idea that castles were always built on high hills; while there are some castles which make dramatic use of the landscape and are highly visible, there were a lot of factors in choosing where to build castles and only a minority were on hills. For example, many castles were built along the Rhine River so they could stop people using the river without permission.

Depending on the exact definition, the number of castles varies and more castles are still being discovered. The numbers below are rough, and it is difficult to find estimates for some countries like Italy and Spain though they have many castles. Imitation castles have been built in the 19th and 20th century, like Neuschwanstein or some places in the United States but these are not considered genuine castles as they were not meant to be defensive.


The powerful people who built castles also lived in them with their families. They would have servants and a group of people to make sure the castle worked: people fetching water, cooking, clearing the stables, looking after animals, cooking, lighting fires, and checking who was coming into the castle. In peacetime, most castles only had a few soldiers who would guard the place.

Today, most castles have bare stone walls inside but in the Middle Ages they looked very different. Important rooms had colourful tapestries hanging on the walls, and paintings on the ceiling. Other rooms like kitchens or cupboards had plain white walls. Fireplaces kept rooms warm, and candles were used for light at night or in dark rooms. Glass was used later in the Middle Ages, but windows had shutters to keep out the cold and the weather. Religion was an important of the Middle Ages, and castles usually had chapels so that the people who lived there could pray.

Medieval castles had many different features and spaces










Later in the Middle Ages, important people wanted more privacy and larger homes. It was easier to build new homes instead of trying to make the castles bigger, so some people moved out of castles into new homes. The use of gunpowder weapons also changed warfare and made castles less effective. Guns were introduced in the 14th century, and by the 15th and 16th centuries they were powerful enough to break castle walls. New types of fortification were invested, with shorter thicker walls, and using earth to absorb hits from cannonballs.

Though cannons were powerful, castles were still used in war. In the 17th century, lots of castles were used in the English Civil War, though many of them had not been lived in for decades and needed repairs.

As castles were built hundreds of years ago, most of them are ruins. Some are still lived in by wealthy families, or are still used by governments or armies. Because of this they might have changed and look different to old castles which were abandoned. Many castles have been turned into museums so the public can visit and learn about the past. Some castles are owned by the state, and others are owned by private people. Castles are expensive to run, so many are falling down. Every so often lightning strikes, flooding, or earthquakes damage castles.

People have been interested in castle for centuries. Historians and archaeologists have searched old documents and dug into castles to find out more about them. Because of this, for some castles we know who owned them, when they were used, when bits were built, what people ate, and what kind of things happened at castles. But there are lots of places where we know very little, not even when they were built. This is because a lot of medieval documents do not survive.

Some castle ruins have been rebuilt to look like they did originally. Also, many "mock" castles have been built, mostly in Europe and North America during the 19th and 20th centuries. These castles have no serious defensive function and the architectural elements are mainly for show.
Other famous castles include
Warwick Castle,
Bran Castle,
Neuschwanstein Castle, and
Boldt Castle.

Some terms you might find people using when they talk about castles:

Books used


Wikimedia Commons

Wikimedia Commons is a website owned by the Wikimedia Foundation, based on a wiki. Anybody can upload images, sounds, videos, and other multimedia files to the website. The files uploaded to Wikimedia Commons can be used by any other Wikimedia Foundation project, like Wikipedia or Wiktionary. For example, Wikipedia uses images on Wikimedia Commons to include pictures in their encyclopedia articles. The files can also be freely used by anyone else because they have free licenses.

Wikimedia Commons has categories, which are groups of files that have something in common or similar. For example, there is a category for pictures of cats. Wikimedia Commons is a multilingual website, meaning that it can be used in every language. However, some parts of Wikimedia Commons are only in English, like names of categories.

Wikimedia Commons also has sound files. Not all of these are music. For example, there are recordings that read words out loud. These files are used in Wiktionary, a free dictionary, to teach people how to say words.

For every file on Wikimedia Commons, the person who made it has to let everybody use it and change it as much as they want, including companies (see Creative Commons).
Wikimedia Commons reached 10 million files on April 15, 2011.

The Wikimedia Foundation was given money to make it easier for people to use their websites. They used some of this money to make the UploadWizard, a new system for uploading files on Wikimedia Commons. People started using the UploadWizard in December 2010.

The UploadWizard also teaches new uploaders about copyright law. It has a tutorial for users to read so that they can check if the file they are uploading is violating copyright. Most uploads are by the UploadWizard.

Before, Wikimedia Commons only let people upload one file at a time. The UploadWizard lets people upload multiple files at the same time and include all the required information about each one.

The logo of Wikimedia Commons has a red circle inside a blue circle. There are many small blue arrows pointing from the blue circle to the red circle in the middle, and one big blue arrow pointing upwards. The small blue arrows represent the different projects of the Wikimedia Foundation. The large arrow is to show that Wikimedia Commons is constantly improving.

This logo was chosen in a vote in 2004.


Bulgaria

Bulgaria (officially called the Republic of Bulgaria) is a country in south-eastern Europe, on the Balkan Peninsula. Bulgaria is the south of the River Danube and west of the Black Sea. To the south of Bulgaria is North Macedonia, Greece, European continental Turkey. To the north of the Danube is Romania, while to the west of Bulgaria is Serbia and its capital Beograd.

The capital and the biggest city is Sofia. Name of Sofia comes out of Greek language and means wisety or wiseness. Their money is called levs or in BNB naming, the lev or the Bulgarian lev. The Bulgarian government elected, and Bulgaria is a member of the European Union in Europe since 2007, and had political relations with Nato during the 90s during the postmodern movement, and in 2020s had become a member of NATO . 

Bulgarians presidents up untill now are Jelio Jelev, Petar Stoyanov, Geroge Parvanov, Rosen Plevneliev. 

During the 20th century the country was democratic communist country, of German type, similar to Eastern Germany, during the separation of Germany.

General pilot Rumen Radev became President in 2017. The population of Bulgaria is a little more than 7 million people.

Bulgaria has its own language, called Bulgarian. It is a type of Slavic language. It is related to languages like Serbian and Russian. Bulgaria borders Romania, Serbia, North Macedonia, Greece, Turkey, and the Black Sea. One of the national heroes of Bulgaria is Vasil Levski who led the fight for independence in the late 1800s.

In what is now Bulgaria, many different people and different cultures lived over time. This includes Neolithic, Hamangia culture, Vinča culture, eneolithic, Varna culture (5th millennium BC) and the Bronze Age Ezero culture.

The Thracians lived in the area of modern Bulgaria (in Thrace or ). King Tere united the people in Odrysian Kingdom around 500 BC.

Alexander the Great had influence over the people in the 4th century BC.

The last Hellenistic Thracian kingdom became part of the Roman Empire in the 1st century AD. The lands of Bulgaria were then part of the Roman Empire.

Eurasian Avars, South Slavs and Huns settled all over the territory of modern Bulgaria during the 6th century.

The Bulgars arrived in Thracia in the 7th century. The Bulgars established the First Bulgarian Empire in 681 AD, after a war with the Romans in which the Bulgarians had success. In 1018, the Romans overcame the Bulgarians in war, the Bulgarian state ended, and Bulgaria became part of the Roman Empire again.

The Second Bulgarian Empire started in a rebellion about 1185 AD. The state had Tarnovo as the capital.

The Ottoman Empire took over in 1396 and ruled Bulgaria for about 500 years. The Ottomans had very strict rules and the Bulgarians suffered. The Bulgarians rebelled several times against the Turkish rulers.

Under the Ottoman Rule Turks and Muslim Gypsys was settled elswhere in Bulgaria, also some of the Rhodope Mountains Bulgarians became Muslim and called Pomak. After the loss of the Crimean Khanate in 1783 Muslim Crimean Tatars and Muslim Crimean Gypsys who called themself Turkoman went to Ottoman Bulgaria in Dobruja part.

In 1876, there was the April Uprising, a Bulgarian rebellion against the Ottoman Empire. In the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), the Russian Empire overcame the Ottomans. In 1878, Bulgaria became, in part, independent, although the Ottomans controlled its foreign policy.

Bulgaria pulled away from Ottoman Empire's influence with the help of the Russian Empire who were already fighting the Ottomans. But it was not until 1908 that the whole country of Bulgaria was united as modern Bulgaria.

Bulgaria joined the side of Germany in World War I and lost. Bulgaria had hoped to get part of the lands Bulgaria lost in the Balkan Wars.

During the first year of World War II Bulgaria said it was neutral and refused to join sides with Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union. Bulgaria's military and economy were had a close connection with Germany. Bulgaria's leaders signed the Tripartite Pact with Germany in March 1941. This let German forces go through Bulgaria to reach Greece.

Bulgaria's troops invaded Greece and Yugoslavia just after the governments of those countries surrendered. Bulgaria occupied the lands of modern North Macedonia and parts of Greece. (Both areas had been part of Bulgaria before the Balkan Wars.) The Bulgarian government also sent Jews to concentration camps and ghettoes in the Holocaust. The king of Bulgaria, Tsar Boris III, died after talking to Hitler in August 1943. Before the Tsar died, the Kingdom of Bulgaria had sent at least 11,343 Jews to the extermination camps.

In 1944 when it became clear that the Allied Powers would win the war, Bulgaria had to find another solution. Their leaders declared that they withdrew from the Axis forces and helped the German army leave the Balkans through Bulgaria. The Soviet Union didn't respect Bulgaria's claim to be neutral. The Red Army invaded Bulgaria in September 1944. At the same time, a new pro-Soviet government took power in Sofia. At this point, the Jews were released from the ghettoes and concentration camps in Bulgaria. The new government joined the Allies, and the military started to attack the German army, which the Bulgarian government had helped to leave Bulgarian lands.

The Soviets replaced the royal monarchy with Communism in 1947 before they withdrew from Bulgaria in 1949. For 40 years, under their leader Todor Zhivkov, Bulgaria was very close to the Soviet Union and followed their instructions. Bulgaria invaded Czechoslovakia to stop the Prague Spring in 1968.

Shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall, on 10 November 1989, the Bulgarian Communist Party gave up their rule and allowed the country to elect leaders of their own choice. In a few years, Bulgaria had serious money problems under the new socialist government. Since that time Bulgaria has managed to recover.

Bulgaria's economy was dependent on the COMECON market. This was a group of communist countries (Soviet Union, Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Poland, and Romania) that agreed to work together. This group fell apart in 1989 with the fall of communism in Europe. While this was good for personal freedom, it was too much of a change for the businesses and jobs. Also, Yugoslavia, their neighbor, fell into a civil war as their country broke apart, and that did not help Bulgaria. Living standards fell by 40 percent as people lost their jobs and their savings were not worth much, and even some newborn babies were sent to orphanages when their parents could not take care of them.

In 1994 Bulgaria had a short economic boom. But that slowed down in 1996 from bad finance deals and other banking problems. In 1997 there was high inflation (the money could not buy as much as it did before). Retired people had little income (their pension did not go up as fast as inflation did) and their savings were not worth very much. Many retired people were begging in the streets for food. But since then the economy has grown steadily. People from outside the country started putting money into businesses and houses, and Bulgarians learned how to make their own businesses.

The state no longer has free health care. This system has been replaced by an insurance plan that people pay for, and drug costs are based on income. Private health care is encouraged nowadays. Help for people who lose their jobs is no longer automatic, but some help is available, based on family status and length of unemployment.

The retirement age for men is 64 years and for women 61 years. It will be 63 years and 9 months for woman and 65 years and 3 months for man in 2032.

Since 1999, Bulgaria has been divided into 28 provinces or regions. Each province is named after its local capital. The provinces are divided into municipalities, there are 264 in total.

There are 6 Bulgarian development regions of 27 smaller provinces. See List of settlements in Bulgaria for a list of all large locations.

In Bulgaria there are 5,664,624 citizens of Christian Bulgarians and Muslim Pomaks, 1,200,000 citizens of Muslim Turks and Crimean Tatarians and 800,000 Citizens of Christian and Muslim Roma/Gypsies.

Bulgaria is classified as a developing country by the EU.


Alps

The Alps (, , , , , , ) is the greatest mountain range of Europe. It reaches from Austria and Slovenia in the east; through Italy, Switzerland, Liechtenstein and Germany; to France in the west. The original meaning of the word was 'white'.

The highest mountain in the Alps is Mont Blanc, at , on the Italian–French border.

The Alps stretch from Austria and Slovenia in the east, through Italy, Switzerland, Liechtenstein and Germany to France in the west.

The mountains are divided into the Western Alps and the Eastern Alps. The division is along the line between Lake Constance and Lake Como, following the Rhine (on the north side, in Switzerland) and the river Mera in the South (in Italy). The Western Alps are higher, but their central chain is shorter and curved; they are located in Italy, France and Switzerland. 

The Eastern Alps (main ridge system elongated and broad) belong to Austria, Germany, Italy, Liechtenstein, Slovenia and Switzerland.

The highest peaks of the Western Alps are Mont Blanc, 4,808 metres (15,774 ft), Mont Blanc de Courmayeur 4,748 metres (15,577 ft), the Dufourspitze 4,634 metres (15,203 ft) and the other summits of the Monte Rosa group, and the Dom, 4,545 metres (14,911 ft). The highest peak in the Eastern Alps is Piz Bernina, 4,049 metres (13,284 ft). Perhaps the most famous location for tourist to the Alps are the Swiss Alps.

The main chain of the Alps follows the watershed from the Mediterranean Sea to the Wienerwald, Austria, defining partially the northern border of Italy. It then passes over many of the highest and most famous peaks in the Alps. From the Colle di Cadibona to Col de Tende it runs to the west before turning to the northwest and then, to the north, near the Colle della Maddalena. Upon reaching the Swiss border, the line of the main chain goes about northeast, a heading it follows until its end near Vienna.

The Union Internationale des Associations d'Alpinisme (UIAA) has defined a list of 82 "official" Alpine 4,000-meter (13,123 ft) peaks. The list has many sub-peaks with little prominence, but good for mountaineering. Here are the twelve four-thousanders with at least 1 km prominence.

Karl Blodig was the first person to climb all the main four-thousand meter peaks, round 1900.

The Alpine Club is the oldest organization of mountaineers of the world. It’s an organization from Great Britain, formed in 1857.

The Swiss Alpine Club was founded in 1863.

The reason mountains form is usually the moving together of continental plates of the Earth's crust. The Alps rose as a result of the slow but gigantic pressure of the African plate as it moved north against the stable Eurasian landmass. In particular, Italy (which had been a separate island) got pushed into Europe.

This all took place in the Tertiary period, mostly in the Miocene and Pliocene. That's about 35 to 5 million years ago.

The Alps are just a part of a larger orogenic belt of mountain chains, called the Alpide belt. It reaches through southern Europe and Asia from the Atlantic Ocean most of the way to the Himalayas. 

A gap in these mountain chains in central Europe separates the Alps from the Carpathians off to the east. Subsidence is the cause of the gaps in between.

A great and ancient ocean was once between Africa and Europe, the Tethys Ocean. Now sediments of the Tethys Ocean basin and its Mesozoic and early Cenozoic strata sit high above sea level. Even metamorphic basement rocks are found high on Mont Blanc, the Matterhorn, and other high peaks in the Pennine Alps and Hohe Tauern.

The formation of the Mediterranean Sea is a more recent development.

The Alps do not make an impassable block; the common passes have been traveled by since the ancient history for war and commerce, and later by pilgrims, students and tourists.
Mountain passes give paths between mountains, for road, train or foot traffic. Some are famous, being used for thousands of years.

Important passes in the Alps are, e.g.:


Long highway and railway tunnels:


Bridges:

The Alps are popular both in summer and in winter. The Alps as a place for sightseeing and sports. Winter sports (Alpine and Nordic skiing, snowboarding, tobogganing, snowshoeing, ski tours) can be learned in most regions from December to April. In summer, the Alps are popular with hikers, mountain bikers, paragliders, and mountaineers. There are also alpine lakes which attract swimmers, sailors and surfers. The lower places and bigger towns of the Alps are well served by motorways and main roads, but higher passes and by-roads can be bad even in the summer. Many passes are closed in winter. Many airports around the Alps (and some within), as well as long-distance rail links from all bordering countries, afford large numbers of travelers easy access from abroad. The Alps normally has more than 100 million visitors a year.

The Alps is split into five climate zones, each with a different kind of environment. The climate, plant life and animal life vary on different sections or zones of the mountain. 


The Alps is a classic example of what happens when a temperate area at lower altitude gives way to higher land. A rise from sea level into the upper regions causes the temperature to decrease. The effect of mountain chains on winds is to carry warm air belonging to the lower region into an upper zone, where it expands and loses heat, and drops snow or rain.

The typical trees—oak, beech, ash and sycamore maple have a natural height limit: the 'tree line'. Their upper limit matches the change in climate which comes with increasing height. The change from a temperate to a colder climate is also shown true by a change in the wild flowering plant life. This limit normally lies about above the sea on the north side of the Alps. On the southern slopes, it often reaches to , sometimes even to .

The Alps do not always have the typical trees. People have felled them in many places. Except for the beech forests of the Austrian Alps, forests of the typical deciduous trees are hardly found. Where such woods were, Scots pine and Norway spruce now grow. These trees are less sensitive to the attacks of goats who eat the saplings of deciduous trees.

Above the tree line, there is often a band of dwarf pine trees ("Pinus mugo"), which is taking place of dwarf shrubs. These shrubs are "Rhododendron ferrugineum" (on acid soils) or "Rhododendron hirsutum" (on non-acid soils). 

Above this is the alpine meadow. Above the alpine meadow is where plant life becomes less and less common. At these great heights, the plants are likely to make separate groups. In the Alps, many species of flowering plants have been recorded above . These are like "Ranunculus glacialis", "Androsace alpina" and "Saxifraga biflora".
Species common to the Alps: 

Rwanda

Rwanda is a country in Africa. It is near Burundi, Congo-Kinshasa, Uganda, and Tanzania. In the Rwandan genocide of 1994, over one million (1,000,000) people were killed.

During the Scramble for Africa, Belgium conquered Rwanda. The Belgians then began to divide Rwandans into groups: Hutu, and Tutsi. The Belgians picked people that they thought looked more European to be Tutsi. The rest became Hutu. The Belgians told Rwandans that Tutsi were superior to Hutu. They helped Tutsi rule over Hutu using their army.

On July 1, 1962, Rwanda became independent and Hutu were given power. Thus, anti-Tutsi purges occurred frequently. Many Tutsi fled to Uganda, where they formed the Rwandan Patriotic Front, or RPF, which tried to invade Rwanda in 1990.

On the night of April 6, 1994, dictator Juvénal Habyarimana's plane was shot down, but it is still not clear who did it. Within half an hour, roadblocks manned by the Interahamwe militia were seen all over the capital, Kigali. The genocide against Tutsi had begun. It lasted for about 100 days, and it left over one million (1,000,000), Tutsi and moderate Hutu dead. The main weapon used was the machete, or "umupanga". Other countries paid little attention to the killing. On July 2, 1994, the RPF captured Kigali.

At , Rwanda is the world's 149th-largest country. The entire country is at a high altitude. The lowest point is the Rusizi River (also sometimes spelled Ruzizi) at above sea level. Rwanda is in Central/Eastern Africa. It is bordered by the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west, Uganda to the north, Tanzania to the east, and Burundi to the south. It is a few degrees south of the equator and is landlocked. The capital, Kigali, is near the centre of Rwanda.

The country's longest river is the Nyabarongo. The Nyabarongo-Kagera eventually drains into Lake Victoria. Rwanda has many lakes, the largest being Lake Kivu. It is one of the twenty deepest lakes in the world. Other sizeable lakes include Burera, Ruhondo, Muhazi, Rweru, and Ihema. Ihema is the largest of a string of lakes in the eastern plains of Akagera National Park.
There are many mountains in central and western Rwanda. The highest peaks are found in the Virunga volcano chain in the northwest. This includes Mount Karisimbi, Rwanda's highest point, at . The centre of the country is mostly rolling hills. The eastern border area has savanna, plains and swamps.

Rwanda has a temperate tropical highland climate. It has lower temperatures than are typical for equatorial countries. This is because of its high elevation. Kigali, in the centre of the country, has a typical daily temperature range between and . There is little change through the year. There are two rainy seasons in the year. The first runs from February to June and the second from September to December. These are separated by two dry seasons. The major one is from June to September, during which there is often no rain at all. There is a shorter and less severe one from December to February.

In prehistoric times montane forest covered one third of the land of present-day Rwanda. Naturally occurring vegetation is now mostly in the three National parks, with terraced agriculture in the rest of the country. Nyungwe, the largest remaining forest, has 200 species of tree as well as orchids and begonias. Vegetation in the Volcanoes National Park is mostly bamboo and moorland, with small areas of forest. Akagera has a savanna ecosystem. Here there are mostly acacia. There are several rare or endangered plant species in Akagera, including "Markhamia lutea" and "Eulophia guineensis".

The greatest diversity of large mammals is found in the three National Parks. Akagera has typical savanna animals such as giraffes and elephants, while Volcanoes is home to about one third of the worldwide mountain gorilla population. Nyungwe Forest has thirteen primate species including chimpanzees and "Colobus" monkeys. The Ruwenzori colobus move in groups of up to 400, the largest troop size of any primate in Africa.

There are 670 bird species in Rwanda. There is a difference between the east and the west. Nyungwe Forest, in the west, has 280 recorded species. Species include the Ruwenzori Turaco and Handsome Francolin. Eastern Rwanda, by contrast, has savanna birds such as the Black-headed Gonolek and those who live near swamps and lakes, including storks and cranes.


Lake Ontario

Lake Ontario is the smallest of the Great Lakes in North America, but its maximum depth (802ft; 244m) is deeper than lake Erie's (210ft) and Lake Huron's (750ft). 

It forms most of the border between Ontario in Canada and New York in the United States of America. Its inlet is the Niagara River (from Niagara Falls), and its outlet is the Saint Lawrence River. Nearly 9 million Canadians live near Lake Ontario. It is the only Great Lake that does not touch the U.S. state of Michigan, the "Great Lakes State".

Lake Superior

Lake Superior is a lake in Canada and the United States. 

The Ojibwe Native Americans call it Gitchigume. Lake Superior is in between Ontario and Minnesota to the north and Wisconsin and Michigan in the south, and is the largest of North America's Great Lakes. It is the world's third largest lake, and the world's largest freshwater lake (by area). Its outlet is the St. Marys River to Lake Huron. The Soo Locks allow carrying large amounts of iron ore and other cargo to the other Great Lakes.

Over 80 species of fish live in Lake Superior.

SS Edmund Fitzgerald

SS "Edmund Fitzgerald" was an ore carrier on Lake Superior, carrying iron ore, which sank on November 10, 1975, at around 7:30 p.m. The ship was known for being the biggest of its time, weighing in at around 13,600 tons. The Edmund Fitzgerald was one of the largest "iron boats" working the Great Lakes. Nobody knows how the boat sank; however, it is very possible that the dangerously high weight of its cargo and the violent winds and waves caused the ship to sink. All 29 men aboard the boat died, and to this day, no bodies have been recovered. To remember the men on the S.S. Fitzgerald, a song was written by the Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot and titled "The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald." The song describes the ship itself and touches on some theories on how it may have sunk; interestingly enough, the original song contained the following passage:


This passage was proven to be false as a dive team sent in to recover the bodies found the main hatch to be in perfect condition. When informed of this, Gordon Lightfoot rewrote the verse to: 



Gordon Lightfoot

Gordon Meredith Lightfoot Jr. (November 17, 1938 – May 1, 2023) was a Canadian singer and songwriter. He is famous around the world for his folk, country, and pop music songs. He was first heard in the 1960s. He had hit radio songs in the 1970s including "If You Could Read My Mind", "Sundown", "Carefree Highway", "Rainy Day People" and "The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald".

Some of his songs have been recorded by other famous singers including Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Marty Robbins, Jerry Lee Lewis, Barbra Streisand and Tony Rice.

Robbie Robertson of the Canadian music group called the Band said Lightfoot was his "favourite Canadian songwriter".

Lightfoot's music career lasted sixty years. He recorded more than 200 songs. His folk music of the 1960s and 1970s influenced many famous singers including Bob Dylan and Jim Croce. Like Robertson, Bob Dylan called Lightfoot one of his favourite songwriters.

In his career, Lightfoot received sixteen Juno Awards. He won Junos as top folk singer in 1965, 1966, 1968, 1969, 1973, 1974, 1975, 1976 and 1977. He won a Juno as top male vocalist in 1967, 1970, 1971, 1972 and 1973 And he won in 1972 and 1976 for being composer of the year.

Lightfoot received ASCAP awards for songwriting in 1971, 1974, 1976 and 1977.

Lightfoot was nominated for five Grammy Awards.

In 1980, Lightfoot was named Canadian Male Recording Artist of the Decade for his music of the 1970s.

Lightfoot was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1986. He was added to Canada's Walk of Fame in 1998. He was inducted into the Canadian Country Music Hall of Fame in 2001.

In May 2003, Lightfoot was made a Companion of the Order of Canada, which is one of Canada's highest awards.

Lightfoot died at a hospital in Toronto on May 1, 2023. He was 84 years old.



Cornish

Cornish might mean:


Chameleon

Chameleons are a family of lizards. Most can change the colour of their skins for camouflage, or to signal mood to other chameleons. 

They are a clade of lizards. They have parrot-like zygodactylous feet, 

Their eyes are separately mobile and stereoscopic. Their very long tongues can flick out, and their movement sways like leaves in the wind. Their prehensile (grabbing) tail can hang onto branches and many can change colour. They eat insects.

Chameleons have long sticky tongues that they can fire out in a fraction of a second. They stretch up to twice their body size. Their eyes can move independently. The largest species is about 1.5 feet when fully grown. They are mainly insectivores, but larger species may take occasional smaller lizards and young birds.

There are about 160 species, living in Africa, Madagascar, Spain and Portugal, across south Asia, Sri Lanka. They have been introduced to Hawaii, California and Florida, and are found in warm habitats that vary from rain forest to desert conditions. Chameleons are often kept as household pets.

The world's tiniest reptile has been found on Madagascar. It is a chameleon 13.5mm long. It hunts for mites on the rainforest floor and hides from predators at night in blades of grass. Other species of tiny chameleons have been found.

Chameleons have 360-degree eye-turning, the ability to zoom in and out, and binocular vision.

Each of the chameleon's eyes can move separately, allowing them to see all around them at all times. 

Chameleons have two eyes whose vision overlaps. This gives them 3D vision. They can switch to monocular vision, which is seeing with each eye independently. This gives them more flexible sight.



Interjection

An interjection is a spoken or written expression of emotion like "Wow!" for surprise, "Ouch!" for pain, or "Damn!" for anger, or "Argh!" for frustration. These phrases can stand alone, and are usually capitalized and punctuated.


Millard Fillmore

Millard Fillmore (January 7, 1800 – March 8, 1874) was the 13th president of the United States. He was president from 1850 to 1853. He was the last Whig president, and the last president who was not a Democrat or Republican.

Fillmore became president in 1850 when the previous president, Zachary Taylor, died. The Whig party did not pick him to run for president in 1852. He ran for president in 1856 for the American Party but lost.

Millard Fillmore grew up in a poor family. He worked hard to do well in school, and went to college. He got a job as a lawyer in 1823. In 1828 he was voted to be part of the New York congress, and made friends in the Whig Party. This helped him get chosen to run for vice president in 1848.

When he was vice president, Millard Fillmore was in charge of the United States Senate while it was fighting over a decision about slavery involving Texas and New Mexico.

When he became president, the slavery issue was very intense (to the point where the southern states were close to choosing to not be a part of the United States anymore).

Fillmore signed the Compromise of 1850 (five laws which would calm down the slavery issue by pleasing both the northern states and the southern states). Although the Compromise of 1850 made the northern states and the southern states get along, the peace did not last forever. In the late 1850s, the north and the south stopped getting along.

California was made a part of the U.S. on September 9, 1850. It became the 31st state.

His decision to sign the Compromise of 1850 made many of the people in his Whig Party upset at him. They stopped him from running for president in 1852.

He started the first library at the White House.

After Fillmore, Franklin Pierce became the 14th president. Fillmore got a job in charge of the University of Buffalo. Fillmore joined the Know-Nothing Party and tried to run for president again, but the Know Nothing Party was not very successful. He died in Buffalo New York of a stroke at age 74.

There is a statue of Millard Fillmore at City Hall in Buffalo, New York.


John Tyler

John Tyler (March 29, 1790 – January 18, 1862) was the 10th president of the United States of America, from 1841 to 1845. He was the first vice president to become president after the president before him died. He was also the first president born after the United States Constitution was ratified.

Tyler grew up in Virginia and became a lawyer. His father was also a lawyer who later became governor of Virginia. Tyler became a state representative in the United States Congress, and then also became governor of Virginia like his father.

Tyler started in government as a member of the Democratic Party, but later he changed to the Whig Party, which was very new. He was chosen to run as vice president next to William Henry Harrison. Whig Party people used to say "Tippecanoe and Tyler Too" to get people to vote for them. (William Henry Harrison was famous for being a general in a battle in a place called Tippecanoe, and that was his nickname.)

Harrison and Tyler won the election, but Harrison died one month later. Tyler then became president.

Because Tyler had not been elected to hold the office of President, some people thought that he lacked a claim to the position. But as the United States Constitution says that the Vice President is vested with the responsibilities of the Presidency in case of "Death, Resignation or Inability" of the former, Tyler said this meant the position was his to fill. A majority of the government agreed and he was sworn in as the new president, however, the Whig Party did not want Tyler, and a lot of Whigs ended up calling him "the accidental president" or "His Accidency".

This was after Tyler had angered the Whigs when he decided to mainly pick people from the Democratic Party to work in his government. He wanted to bring the two parties to together, but instead this ended up making him unpopular. He also rejected many of the Whigs' ideas. This all lead to the Whig Party deciding not to back his run for the presidency in 1844.

While he was president, Florida became a new state. After winning their independence in the Texas Revolution against Mexico, Texas had become its own country. Tyler sought to annex Texas and turn it into a new U.S. state while in office, but this did not come to fruition until a few months after his term had ended.

The Whig Party did not want Tyler to be president again, and did not pick him to run for president in 1844. He had some friends in the Democratic Party who sometimes asked him for ideas, but that party did not like him enough to be president, either. Tyler was sometimes called "the President without a party" since both groups did not want him.

When the Confederate States of America was created, Tyler did not want a civil war. But he voted that Virginia had to join the Confederate States. He was elected to the Confederate congress.

Tyler died in Richmond, Virginia on January 18, 1862 of a stroke. Tyler's death was the only one in Presidential history not to be officially recognized in Washington, D. C. because of his loyalty to the Confederacy. His coffin was covered with the Confederate flag. He is the only United States President ever to be buried and honored ceremoniously under a foreign flag that is not the United States flag.

Peter Davison

Peter Davison (born Peter Moffett 13 April 1951) is an English actor. He is best known for his roles as Tristan on "All Creatures Great and Small", and as the Fifth Doctor on "Doctor Who" from 1981 to 1984.

Ballerina

A ballerina is a name given to a female ballet dancer. Only very good female ballet dancers are called ballerinas. A ballerina is a principal dancer in a classical ballet company. The highest ranking female dancer in a company was usually called the prima ballerina.

Today the term 'ballerina' has gone rather out of fashion. Now they are simply called 'Principal dancers'. Dancers in a company are ranked by the company, and paid accordingly. They have to prove themselves in lesser parts before they can get promoted. 

Example of the ranks in a modern dance company:


Buffalo, New York

Buffalo is a city in the U.S. state of New York. Buffalo is the second-biggest city in New York State. 

There are about 278,000 people in the city of Buffalo. There are more than a million people in the surrounding area.

Buffalo is on the east end of Lake Erie near the Niagara River. It is close to Niagara Falls, and to Canada. Buffalo was a small village when the Erie Canal connected it to the Hudson River and New York City. It became a city. 
Buffalo has an NFL team called the Buffalo Bills (who play in the suburb of Orchard Park, NY) and an NHL team called the Buffalo Sabres. There is also a Minor League Baseball team called the Buffalo Bisons.

Hertford

Hertford (pronounced "Hart-fud") is a town in Hertfordshire, England. In 2011, it had a population of 26,783 people.

It is Hertfordshire's county town, but the largest town is Watford.

The town centre is 19.2 miles (30.9 km) north of Central London and 16.7 miles (27.02 km) north east of Watford.

Hertford is served by two train stations, these are Hertford East and Hertford North.
The A414 is just south of the town centre and runs to Harlow, Essex. The A10 is just east of the town.

Hertford is twinned with:

Jackie Chan

Jackie Chan (成龍) (born Chan Kong-Sang on 7 April 1954) SBS, MBE, PMW is a Chinese actor, director, entrepreneur, martial artist, producer, screenwriter, singer and stuntman. He is known for his slapstick acrobatic fighting style, comic timing, and innovative stunts, which he typically performs himself. By blending martial arts, death-defying gymnastic stunts, and comedy, Chan created a new sub-genre of martial arts movies called ""wu da pian"". He is widely considered one of the biggest martial arts superstars in history.

As a martial artist, Chan is skilled in multiple forms of Kung-fu, acrobatics, and Hapkido. He is also known to have trained in other martial art forms such as Karate, Judo, Taekwondo, and Jeet Kun Do. During his film career, Chan has starred alongside many other martial arts stars, such as Jet Li, Sammo Hung, Hwang Jang-lee, Donnie Yen, and Bruce Lee (in "Fist of Fury" and "Enter the Dragon" as a stunt double and extra).

Chan has appeared and provided the voice for his character's animated counterpart in the animated TV series "Jackie Chan Adventures" which originally aired from 2000 to 2005. 

In his earlier roles, Chan did all of the dangerous stunts without safety equipment. Possibly the role where this was taken farthest is "Rumble in the Bronx", which was his ultimate breakthrough American movie, where he subjected his already aging body to several leaps and falls, which while finally gaining his American stardom, led to injuries including a broken ankle.

His two worst injuries occurred during the making of "Armour of God" and "Police Story". Footage of the former's aftermath was shown over the credits and showed a subdued and bloodied Chan in a spinal injury stretcher. Also, a tree branch in which he was to swing off had snapped just when he did jump upon and over for it. Chan fell 10 meters onto the rocky ground. In "Police Story", Chan was doing a stunt when and where he fell off from about 5 to 6 stories through a series of window canopies. Chan nearly became disorientated about halfway through down. Instead of landing on upon his feet, Chan fell in a head-down position. His arms became caught in the material of the last canopy. He landed on his head first and his head was then forced on to the side as he could not break his fall up with his arms. While the "Police Story" fall looked worse, Chan has also said that the "Armour of God" fall was the closest he has come to death while filming.



Ron Weasley

Ronald Bilius "Ron" Weasley (1981-?) is a fictional character from the "Harry Potter" stories.

He is a red-haired child with lots of freckles. He comes from a poor background. He lives at The Burrow with his family of nine people. He is the youngest son in his family. He was a humorous and loyal boy. He wishes he had money, since he was born from the notoriously poor Weasley family. He is the sixth of seven children born to Molly Weasley (née Prewett) and Arthur Weasley, with five brothers and one sister, Ginny. He is Harry Potter's best friend. 
It is revealed in later books, that Ron is romantically interested in Hermione Granger. The two are hinted to be romantically involved in the Deathly Hallows. 

In movies, he is played by actor Rupert Grint. Ron marries Hermione and they have two children: Rose Weasley and Hugo Weasley. He is the manager of the joke shop Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. 

Hermione Granger

Hermione Jean Granger (born September 19, 1979) is a character from the "Harry Potter" series. She met Harry Potter and Ron Weasley for the first time on the Hogwarts Express. She was then looking for Neville's toad. She is referred to as the smartest witch of her age. In the Harry Potter movies, the character is played by Emma Watson.

Hermione is one of Harry Potter's best friends. She knows nearly every thing in the magical world. She spends a lot of time with Harry and Ron. Her parents are Muggles (not magical) but she is the brightest witch of her class. She was born on September 19, 1979 and when she arrived at Hogwarts for the very first time, she was almost 12, since she was born after September 1st, she has to wait a year later. Her parents are dentists. She is intelligent and her special skill is the ability to remember all that she has read. Because of this, Hermione is successful in her tests. Although she is smart, she also is brave and has street-smarts. She cares about house-elves and has made the club S.P.E.W., the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare, which Ron mockingly calls "Spew." She made scarfs and garments to liberate the elves of the slavery of the wizards. But none of the elves took the garments and Dobby (the old house elf of the Malfoy family) gathered them. She is one of the prefects of Gryffindor with Ron. Her appearance is made up of bushy brown hair, dark brown eyes, and huge front teeth, which Draco Malfoy enlarged it in her fourth year. It is also noted at the end of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" that she marries Ron and they have two children together called Rose and Hugo, to which the children has taken after their parents' initials. Although in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" she was the dance partner of Viktor Krum. She belongs to Gryffindor house, which is known for bravery. The Sorting Hat thought about putting her in Ravenclaw house, which is known for wisdom, but finally it put her in Gryffindor. Hermione has a pet cat named Crookshanks, which Ron told her it was like a hairy pig.

In the first book Hermione had the personality of a snob, and a geek, and she is not very friendly but with the time she improves that. Hermione was teased as Mudblood (Witch/ Wizard born with no Magical parents, also known as an offensive insult on Muggle Born Witch/ Wizard) by many Slytherins, especially Draco Malfoy. Her name refers to The Winter's Tale, by William Shakespeare, and was the daughter of Helen of Troy from Ancient Greek Mythology.

Hermione Granger is in love with Ron Weasley and has 2 kids called Hugo Granger-Weasley and Rose Granger-Weasley 

Milk shake

A milk shake, or milkshake, is a cold drink made by mixing milk, ice cream, and sweet syrups like chocolate syrup. Usually a blender is used for the mixing. People usually drink milkshakes with a drinking straw and from a tall glass or cup.

Milk shakes are similar to smoothies. Smoothies are a type of cold drink made with an electric blender. Smoothies are made with a liquid (either milk, fruit juice, or water), crushed ice or ice cubes, different fruits, and honey or maple syrup.

Milk shakes and other cold drinks such as "ice cream floats" (a scoop of ice cream placed in a glass of cola or other carbonated soda drink) or "malts" (a milk shake with malt powder added to it) were popular among teenagers in the 1950s. Teenagers would go to ice cream parlors and order cold drinks.

Bollington

Bollington is a town and civil parish in Cheshire. The village is home to over twenty pubs. Bollington was home to the biggest water wheel in England and only second in Britain to the Laxey wheel in the Isle of Man. The wheel powered huge mills for the production of cotton. Two of the huge mills were the Adelphi and Clarence.

By 1914 Bollington had a population of around 6000 people and was dominated by fine cotton spinning. The symbol of Bollington has to be White Nancy. A small white cone-like house stands alone on top of a hill overlooking all of Bollington. It was built by the Gaskell family early in the nineteenth century. It has now been sealed. 

Sport has been important in the life of Bollington. Even though the village did not have a football team successful enough to rival the cricket team it was still very popular amongst the people of Bollington. The most popular team was St Johns team which was quite successful in the lower leagues. Today there are good teams competing in the amateur leagues such as Bollington United.

KFC

KFC (abbreviation of Kentucky Fried Chicken) is a chain of fast food restaurants known for their fried chicken. It was started by Colonel Sanders in Corbin, Kentucky in 1952. They are now all over the world. They not only sell chicken, but also other food like salads and french fries. KFC, also known as Kentucky Fried Chicken, is an American fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken. Headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, it is the world's second-largest restaurant chain after McDonald's, with almost 20,000 locations globally in 123 countries and territories as of December 2015.

KFC is well known for their "finger lickin' good" slogan. It was first used, along with others, beginning in 1956. It is the current slogan.

Upon the Coronavirus pandemic in 2020, the slogan was temporarily changed to "fork licking good" to discourage the spread of the virus from eating with potentially contaminated hands.

Other early slogans included "North America's Hospitality Dish" (1956–1966) and "We fix Sunday dinner seven nights a week" from 1957 until 1968. The two slogans were phased out in favor of the "finger lickin' good" slogan. It was trademarked in 1956.

After a local KFC TV ad showed an employee licking his fingers in the background, a viewer phoned the station to complain. The main actor in the ad answered back: "Well, it's finger lickin' good." The phrase was adopted nationally by the company in the 1960s. It became one of the best-known slogans of the twentieth century. 

When the trademark expired in the United States in 2006, it was replaced with "Follow your taste" until 2010. In 2011, the "finger lickin' good" slogan was dropped in favor of "So good", to be used around the world. The meaning was supposed to include employees and service, as well as food.

The slogan "Nobody does chicken like KFC" was first started by KFC Australia in 1998. It is still used by KFC in some worldwide markets.

In Japan, many people eat KFC on Christmas. It is considered to be a holiday tradition there. According to KFC, it is also the time when they see their highest sales. 

KFC has been criticised on different issues. That is because a person named Ahmed Hamdam started to terrorize the staff at kfc beacause he wanted more Chiken. Now he is arrested for the multiple times he has violated the staff at KFC. He was also the person responsible for the attack on the world trade center on 2001 september 11

Greenpeace accused KFC of destroying the Amazon Rainforest. This is because KFC bought their soy they use for chicken food from Cargill. The soy has been traced back to the European KFC. Cargill has reportedly been exporting soy illegally for several years. The Greenpeace organization researched the issue and brought it to the attention of the parent company YUM! Brands, Inc. The parent company denied the illegal operation, and said that their supply of soy is grown in parts of Brazil. Greenpeace has called on KFC to stop purchasing soy from Cargill, to avoid contributing to the destruction of the Amazon.

Since 2003, animal rights and welfare organizations, led by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), have been protesting KFC’s treatment of the animals used for its products. These groups claim that the recommendations of the KFC Animal Welfare Advisory Council have been ignored. Adele Douglass, a former member of the council, said in an SEC filing reported on by the Chicago Times, that KFC "never had any meetings. They never asked any advice, and then they touted to the press that they had this animal-welfare advisory committee. I felt like I was being used."

KFC responded by saying the chickens used in its products are bought from suppliers like Perdue Farms, Tyson Foods, and Pilgrim's Pride, and that these suppliers are routinely monitored for animal welfare violations. Several PETA undercover investigations and videos of these and other KFC suppliers purport to show chickens being beaten, ripped apart, and thrown against walls contradict KFC’s claims. PETA has criticised some of the practices of chicken breeders, such as beak trimming and overcrowding, but KFC says its suppliers meets UK legal requirements. The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs recommends a maximum stocking density of 34 kg—around 30 chickens—per square metre, and say that in circumstances where beak trimming needs to be carried out to prevent the birds injuring each other, only one third of the beak should be trimmed "measured from the tip towards the entrance of the nostrils". PETA states that they have held more than 12,000 demonstrations at KFC outlets since 2003 because of this alleged mistreatment of chickens by KFC suppliers.

In June 2008, KFC Canada agreed to PETA's demands for better welfare standards, including favoring suppliers who use controlled-atmosphere killing (CAK) of chickens, and other welfare standards as well as introducing a vegan sandwich at 65% of its outlets. PETA has called off its campaign against KFC Canada, but continues to demonstrate against KFC elsewhere in the world.


Cytoplasm

The cytoplasm (not to be confused with cytosol) is the protoplasm of a cell outside the cell nucleus. It is the jelly-like material plus the organelles outside the nucleus, and inside the cell membrane. 

Many important functions of a cell take place in organelles, which are like bits of machinery for doing many jobs. The cytoplasm is highly structured: it is not liquidy, but more of a gelatinous substance, even though it is made out of 7580% water. 

The cytosol contains a complex mixture of cytoskeleton filaments, including the endoplasmic reticulum and the Golgi apparatus. It includes dissolved molecules, and water that fills much of the cell. Due to this network of fibres, membranes and the many dissolved macromolecules such as proteins, the cytosol does not act like a simple liquid. The main function of the cytoplasm is to hold the organelles in place.

Crusades

The Crusades were a series of religious wars initiated, supported, and sometimes directed by the Christian Latin Church in the medieval period. The best known of these military expeditions are those to the Holy Land in the period between 1095 and 1291 that were intended to conquer Jerusalem and its surrounding area from Muslim rule. Beginning with the First Crusade, which resulted in the conquest of Jerusalem in 1099, dozens of military campaigns were organised, providing a focal point of European history for centuries. Crusading declined rapidly after the 15th century.

In 1095, Pope Urban II proclaimed the first expedition at the Council of Clermont. He encouraged military support for Byzantine emperor AlexiosI Komnenos and called for an armed pilgrimage to Jerusalem. Across all social strata in western Europe there was an enthusiastic response. Participants came from all over Europe and had a variety of motivations, including religious salvation, satisfying feudal obligations, opportunities for renown, and economic or political advantage. Later expeditions were conducted by generally more organized armies, sometimes led by a king. All were granted papal indulgences. Initial successes established four Crusader states: the County of Edessa; the Principality of Antioch; the Kingdom of Jerusalem; and the County of Tripoli. A European presence remained in the region in some form until the fall of Acre in 1291. After this, no further large military campaigns were organised.

Other church-sanctioned campaigns include crusades against Christians not obeying papal rulings, against the Ottoman Empire, and for political reasons. The struggle between Christians and Muslims in the Iberian Peninsula was proclaimed a crusade in 1123, but eventually became better known as the "Reconquista", and only ended in 1492 with the fall of the Emirate of Granada. From 1147, campaigns in Northern Europe against pagan tribes were considered crusades. In 1199, Pope Innocent III began the practice of proclaiming crusades against what the Latin Church considered heretic Christian communities. Crusades were called against the Cathars in Languedoc and against Bosnia; against the Waldensians in Savoy and the Hussites in Bohemia; and in response to the rise of the Ottoman Empire. Unsanctioned by the church, there were also several popular Crusades.

The crusades started as a fight for control over the Holy Land. This is the land now called Israel. The Holy Land is very important for the three major monotheistic religions: Islam, Judaism, and Christianity. Muslims believe the Prophet Mohammed visited the Holy Land and rose to Heaven from Jerusalem. Christians believe Jesus was born, crucified, and resurrected in the Holy Land. The Dome of the Rock, the Western Wall, the Temple Mount, and the Mount of Olives are all located there. So are many other important religious sites.

During the Caliphate of Umar in the 7th century, Muslim forces had taken control of Jerusalem, Nazareth, Bethlehem, and other important religious sites. In the crusades, Christian armies tried to re-take control of the Holy Land.

There were many different crusades. The biggest and most important happened between the 11th century and the 13th century. During this time, there were 9 large crusades. They are numbered 1 through 9. 

There were also many smaller crusades. These continued through the 16th century, until the Renaissance and Reformation. Some crusades were within Europe. For example, the Teutonic Knights fought in the Prussian Crusade against the Lithuanians and Old Prussians, and the Albigensian Crusade was in France. There were also crusades in Austria and Scandinavia.

The word "crusade" is related to the word "cross", and means a Christian holy war.

In 1095 the ruler of the Byzantine Empire, Alexius I, called for help to defend his empire against the Seljuk Turks. Pope Urban II asked all Christians to join a war against the Turks. The Pope told Christians that fighting the war would repay God for their sins. He said that anyone who died on a crusade would go straight to heaven. 

The Christian soldiers who joined the crusade were called "crusaders". They marched to Jerusalem, attacking several cities on their way. In 1099 they won the battle for Jerusalem. 

As a result of the First Crusades, four crusader states were created. These were the County of Edessa, the Principality of Antioch, the County of Tripoli and the Kingdom of Jerusalem.

After about 50 years of peace, Bernard of Clairvaux called for a new crusade after the Turks attacked the town of Edessa. French and German armies marched to the Holy Land in 1147, but were defeated. However, on the way, the Crusaders helped the Portuguese capture Lisbon from Al-Andalus as part of the Reconquista.

In 1187, after Saladin recaptured Jerusalem, Pope Gregory VIII called for a new crusade. Three of Europe's kings led this Third Crusade: Philip II of France, Richard I of England and Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor. 

The Third Crusade was partially successful. The Crusaders took back control of Arsuf and Jaffa, two important cities in the Holy Land. However, they did not have enough soldiers to try to recapture Jerusalem. Instead, they made a truce with Saladin that let Christians travel safely through Jerusalem. The Crusaders then re-established the Kingdom of Jerusalem in Acre.

In 1190, Frederick drowned in Cilicia. In 1192, Richard left the Holy Land. On his way home, his ship was wrecked, leading him to Austria. There, he was captured and ransomed by his enemy, Duke Leopold.

Pope Innocent III started the Fourth Crusade in 1202. His plan was to attack the Holy Land through Egypt. To do this, he needed a fleet of ships. The Venetians agreed to build ships and train sailors for the crusade. The Venetians then changed the goal of the crusade, and went to the Christian city of Constantinople, where they tried to place a Byzantine exile on the throne. After a series of misunderstandings and outbreaks of violence, the city was sacked in 1204.

The Albigensian Crusade was started in 1209 to eliminate the Cathars of southern Europe

The Children's Crusade is a crusade of 1212. An outburst of the old popular enthusiasm led a gathering of children in France and Germany. A boy, from either France or Germany, said that Jesus had visited him, and told him to peacefully convert Muslims to Christianity. Following this vision, many children formed bands, and marched to Italy. There, they were put onto ships which either capsized in a storm, or which went to Morocco. Most of the children either starved to death or were sold into slavery.

In the first movement, Nicholas, a shepherd from Germany, led a group across the Alps and into Italy in the early spring of 1212. About 7,000 arrived in Genoa in late August. However, their plans did not bear fruit when the waters failed to part as promised and the band broke up. Some left for home, others may have gone to Rome, while still others may have travelled down the Rhône to Marseille where they were probably sold into slavery. Few returned home and none reached the Holy Land.

The second movement was led by a "shepherd boy" named Stephen de Cloyes near the village of Châteaudun. In June of that year, the boy said that he had a letter for the king of France from Jesus. He could gather a crowd of over 30,000 and went to Saint-Denis. There he was seen to work miracles. On the orders of Philip II, on the advice of the University of Paris, the crowd was sent home, and most of them went. None of the contemporary sources mentions plans of the crowd to go to Jerusalem.

Later chroniclers elaborated on these events. Recent research suggests those taking part were not children, at least not the very young. In the early 1200s, bands of wandering poor started cropping up throughout Europe. These were people displaced by economic changes at the time which forced many poor peasants in northern France and Germany to sell their land. These bands were referred to as "pueri" (Latin for "boys") in a condescending manner, in much the same way that people from rural areas in the United States are called "country boys."

In 1212, a young French "puer" named Stephen and a German "puer" named Nicholas separately began claiming that they had each had similar visions of Jesus. This resulted in these bands of roving poor being united into a religious protest movement which transformed this forced wandering into a religious journey. The "pueri" marched, following the Cross. They associated themselves with Jesus's biblical journey. This, however, was not a prelude to a holy war.

At that time, chronicles were mostly kept by the Catholic Church. They were written in Latin.

Thirty years later, chroniclers read the accounts of these processions and translated "pueri" as "children" without understanding the usage. So, the Children's Crusade was born. The resulting story illustrates how ingrained the concept of Crusading was in the people of that time— the chroniclers assumed that the pueri must have been Crusaders. In their innocence, they returned to the foundations of crusading characteristic of Peter the Hermit, and met the same sort of tragic fate.

According to Matthew Paris, one of the leaders of the Children's Crusade became "Le Maître de Hongrie," the leader of the Shepherds' Crusade in 1251.

During 1213, Pope Gregory IX pushed Frederick II into leading the Fifth Crusade.
The Church tried another crusade to retake the Holy Land. A crusading force from Hungary, Austria, and Bavaria captured Damietta, a city in Egypt, in 1219. The crusaders had to surrender, due to losing the battle for Cairo.

In 1228, Emperor Frederick II set sail from Brindisi for Syria. He did this after the Pope excommunicated him. By talking to the Turks he had success, and Jerusalem, Nazareth, and Bethlehem was given to the Crusaders for ten years without fighting. This was the first major crusade not started by the Papacy, a trend that was to continue for the rest of the century. This crusade only lasted for a year, from 1228 to 1229.

The Templars argued with Egypt in 1243. In 1244, Egypt attacked Jerusalem. Louis IX of France started a crusade against Egypt from 1248 to 1254. It was a failure and Louis spent much of the crusade living in the city of Acre. In the midst of this crusade was the first in 1251.

The Eighth Crusade was organized by Louis IX of France in 1270, to help the Crusader states in Syria. However, the crusade got as far as Tunis, where Louis died a month later.

Before he was the king, Edward I of England started a crusade in 1271. He retired the following year after a truce.

In time, the people went on Crusades for other purposes. The Crusades ended two centuries after they had begun, achieving mixed results. The crusades ended with the Mamluk Fall of Acre in 1291. (the link is not yet started).


Saladin

Yusuf ibn Ayyub ibn Shadhi (25 December 1138–1193), better known as Saladin, was a famous Kurdish Muslim Sultan of Egypt and Syria during the Crusades. 

A Muslim of Kurdish origin, Saladin led the Muslim opposition to the European Crusaders in the Levant. At the height of his power, his sultanate included Egypt, Syria, Mesopotamia, Hejaz, Yemen and other parts of North Africa.

His father, who worked for the Seljuk governor, decided to raise him in Syria where he received his education. Another influential figure in his life was his uncle Shirkuh who was a military leader and later commanded for Saladin during the wars. The Muslim world consider him a hero for defeating the Crusaders over 20 years of battles and capturing their capital, Jerusalem. The Crusades were a series of battles between Christian Europe and Islamic Middle East over holy land in what is now known as Palestine. Saladin’s army protected Egypt from the Crusaders in 1168. 

The ruler of the Fatimid Caliphate of Egypt made him Vizier, meaning prime minister, even though he was not a Shia. Just before the Caliph died, Saladin was crowned Sultan of Egypt and Syria. His greatest victory was at the Horns of Hattin in July 1187 AD, after which Jerusalem fell to the Muslim army (October 1187) and was never again recovered by the Crusaders. He is also remembered for his series of battles and wins and losses against King Richard I of England. These were inconclusive and in the end resulted in a moral victory for Sultan Salah ad-Din, when Richard's Crusade failed and returned to Europe.

He founded the Ayyubid dynasty of Egypt, Syria, Yemen (except for the Northern Mountains), Iraq, Mecca Hejaz and Diyarbakır. Salah ad-Din is a title which translates to "The Righteousness of the Faith" from Arabic.

Many books were written about Saladin, the things he did and the battles he won. "Daastaan Imaan Farooshoon Ki" is one book in Urdu written by Althamash that says very good things about Saladin and compares and contrasts him to other kings and princes, in a favourable light.

1877

1877 was a common year.




Aphex Twin

Aphex Twin (born Richard David James, 18 August 1971, in Limerick, Ireland) is an Irish-born Cornish musician. He lives and works in the UK. He is a famous electronic musician.

Aphex Twin is not his real name. His real name is Richard David James. His name is a combination of Aphex Systems Limited, a brand of audio signal processing equipment and the word Twin to remember his older brother. His brother was stillborn, but given the name Richard James.

Aphex Twin was born in Limerick, Ireland. He grew up in Cornwall, U.K. He started to make music when he was a teenager. In 1991, he formed a record label called Rephlex Records.

After he became well known, he moved to London. This was so he could be in a place that was closer to other people. However, he returned to Cornwall a few years later, after meeting his wife. He still makes a lot of music today, and uses many different names. He lives in an old bank. He has bought interesting things, like a tank and a submarine.




AFX

Bradley Strider

Caustic Window

GAK

Martin Tressider

In the Universal Indicator series:

Polygon Window

Power Pill

Q-Chastic

Universal Indicator


Niagara Falls

Niagara Falls is the collective, name of three big waterfalls on the Niagara River in eastern North America, on the border between the United States and Canada. The three waterfalls are: the Horseshoe Falls, sometimes called the Canadian Falls, the American Falls, and the smaller Bridal Veil Falls. The American Falls and the Horseshoe Falls are separated with Goat Island, and the Bridal Veil Falls separated from the other waterfalls with Luna Island. Niagara falls is very well known for both its beauty and hydroelectric power. It has been a tourist attraction, commercial site and hydroelectricity source since the 19th century.

It is located near Niagara Falls, New York in the United States and Niagara Falls, Ontario in Canada.The volume of water approaching the falls during peak flow season may sometimes be as much as 225,000 cubic feet (6,400 m3) per second. The cities of Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada, and Niagara Falls, New York, United States, are connected by two international bridges.

Niagara Falls were formed when glaciers receded at the end of the Wisconsin glaciation (the last ice age). Water from the newly formed Great Lakes carved a path through the Niagara Escarpment en route from Lake Erie to Lake Ontario and the Atlantic Ocean. The Escarpment has hard limestone on top and soft shale below.

Although not very high, Niagara Falls is very wide, and is probably the most popular waterfall in the world. The Horseshoe Falls are the largest out of the three falls. It is named the Horseshoe Falls because it looks like a horse shoe. 

Niagara Falls is a very popular tourist destination and many people visit it on holiday in Canada.


1831

1831 was a common year.


1842

1842 was a common year.




Custard

Custard is a kind of food prepared with milk and eggs. Custard can be the dessert or its sauce.

Custard is an important part of dessert recipes from many countries, including the United Kingdom, France, Portugal, Spain, Italy, Australia, and Malaysia.

Huckleberry

Huckleberry is a name used in North America for several plants in two closely related genera in the family "Ericaceae": "Gaylussacia" and "Vaccinium". The huckleberry is the state fruit of Idaho.

Some "Vaccinium" species, such as the red huckleberry, are always called huckleberries. Other species may be called blueberries or huckleberries in different locations.

There is much confusion in naming of berries in American English. The 'garden huckleberry' ("Solanum melanocerasum") is not a true huckleberry but a member of the nightshade family.

The fruit of most species of huckleberry can be eaten. The berries are small and round. They are usually less than 5 mm in diameter and contain 10 seeds. Berries range in color from bright red, through dark purple, and into the blues. In taste the berries range from tart to sweet. They have a flavor similar to that of a blueberry. Huckleberries are well liked by many mammals such as bears and humans.

Cheesecake

A cheesecake is a dessert cake made of cheese (usually cream cheese but sometimes ricotta), eggs, and sugar. It often has a graham cracker crumb crust, sometimes held together by melted butter. The filling has a very heavy, smooth texture. It sometimes has sour cream to make it easier to shape and may have fruit flavoring such as strawberry, blueberry, or lemon. It is often topped with fresh fruit or chocolate.

Cheesecake is now often thought to be part of American cooking, but it has a long history. Cheese making began around 2000, and scientists who study people in the past have found cheese molds almost as old.

Cheesecakes are known to go back to at least Greece. In the 100s, the writer Athenaeus's "Dinner-Table Philosophers" mentioned the poet Callimachus (around the 200s) used to have a book by an "Aegimius" about the art of making cheesecakes (, "Plakountopoukón Sýngramma"). Cheesecake may have been given to the sportspeople during the Olympic Games, which started in 776.

Even before the Romans took over Greece, they had begun making cheesecakes as well. M. Porcius Cato's "Book on Farming" (written around 160) mentions three kinds of cakes', ', and ""for use as offerings to the gods. Placenta cakes were the closest to today's cheesecakes, since its crust and filling are made separately. 

Europeans stopped using yeast and started adding beaten eggs to their cheesecakes around the 1700s. This made it taste more like a dessert than a cheesebread. 

Cheesecake recipes were brought to the United States as people moved there from Europe. Most of today's kinds of cheesecake ("New York-style cheesecake") come from the kind created by William Lawrence of Chester, New York, in 1872. He was trying to make something like the soft French Neufchâtel cheese and ended up with a heavy, creamy "unripened cheese".

There is an all-garlic restaurant in Stockholm where they offer a garlic cheesecake.

Sonya Thomas holds the world record for eating the most cheesecakes in a given time. She ate 11 pounds of cheesecake in nine minutes.

Chef Raffaele Ronca of the USA created the world's most expensive cheesecake, selling for an astonishing $4,592.42 at Ristorante Rafele in New York on October 30, 2017. This luxurious dessert boasted premium ingredients. 

Rhubarb

Rhubarb is one of about 60 plants in the genus Rheum, family Polygonaceae. The vegetable rhubarb is "Rheum rhabarbarum" (or "Rheum x hybridum"). The leaves are somewhat toxic because they have oxalic acid, but the red stalks are baked in pies, with sugar to soften their tart flavor.

There are many varieties grown for eating. The drug "rheum" is prepared from the rhizomes and roots of another species, "R. officinale" or medicinal rhubarb.

Monkey

Monkeys are tree-dwelling (arboreal) simians. They are in the primate order. Monkeys are intelligent, social animals. Monkeys have a tail, even if it is a short one.

The word "monkey" is a common-language term. It includes two different groups of primates. The big difference is between Old World monkeys and New World monkeys. Some examples of monkeys are macaques, baboons, and guenons.
Both groups are in the infraorder Simiiformes. That infraorder also includes the great apes and humans.

The simians (monkeys) are a sister group to the tarsiers – the two members in the suborder Haplorhini diverged some 60 million years ago. New World monkeys and catarrhine monkeys appeared within the simians roughly 30 million years ago. Old World monkeys and apes emerged within the catarrhine monkeys about 70 million years ago.

Some monkeys live almost entirely in trees. Others live partly on the ground. Monkeys are mainly vegetarian, with a strong preference for fruit. However, they may eat a wide range of other food, such as insects. Monkeys can live in forests and savannahs, but not in deserts. Some can live in snowy mountains, but more live in rainforests. There are none in the rainforests of Australia and New Guinea. Apparently, they never reached either of those huge islands.

Some monkeys are small, about long and in weight. Other monkeys are much larger, about long and in weight. A group of monkeys is called a "troop" of monkeys or a "tribe" of monkeys.

The two groups of monkeys live in different places: the "New World Monkeys" in South America and the "Old World Monkeys" live mainly in Africa and Asia. New World Monkeys are often smaller than Old World Monkeys. Monkeys have long arms and legs to help them swing from trees. The monkeys often climb with the help of their tails. Some monkeys' tails can wrap tightly around branches, almost like a "fifth limb". This type of tail is 'prehensile'.

The smallest known monkey is the pygmy marmoset. It is between and in size (without the tail). It weighs about . It lives in the treetops of rainforests in Brazil, Colombia and Ecuador. The largest known monkey is the mandrill. It can grow to about in size. Adults weigh up to , and spend most of their time on the ground. 

The word "monkey" might have come from a popular German story, "Roman de Renart" ("Reynard the Fox"). In there, the name of the son of Martin the Ape is "Moneke".

In Africa, monkeys can be sold as "bushmeat" (meat of wild animals). Monkey brains are eaten in some parts of Africa, South Asia, China, and Indonesia.

Notes


Civilization

Civilization (or civilisation) comes from the Latin word "civis" meaning someone who lives in a city. The Romans usually wanted conquered people to live in towns. When people are civilized, they have learned from the wisdom, skill, and knowledge gained over centuries of human progress. The opposite of civilization is sometimes said to be entropy, barbarity, rudeness, or animal-like behavior. 

A civilization is generally an advanced stage of organization. That means it has laws, culture, and a regular way of getting food and protecting the people. Most civilizations have agriculture and a system of government like monarchs or elections. They speak a common language and usually have a religion of some kind. They teach their young the knowledge they need. All civilizations since the Sumerians and the Egyptians have had some kind of writing. This is because writing lets people store and build up knowledge. Civilizations also have large cities, large and unique architecture, and complex labor divisions. 

Past societies that would be called more primitive compared to today, are still often referred to as civilizations for their time. The Roman Empire is an example of a past large civilization. It was governed by Rome. This empire once stretched from the Scottish borders to North Africa and the eastern Mediterranean. Their language was Latin. 

Latin remained the preferred way of communication among educated people, long after their civilization had vanished. Some scientists, scholars, and others in Western civilization still use Latin in the course of everyday work, even though the Western Roman civilization fell apart more than 1,500 years ago. The Roman civilization lasted almost 1000 years.

Other examples of civilizations are the Incas and Aztecs. They had large territories with complex cities and social structures. The empires were made of city-states. They had advanced agriculture that could feed many people. They also had complex architecture. 

One way a civilization ends is to become part of another civilization. For example, Ancient Egypt was conquered by foreigners who changed the country. It became part of Persian, Greek, Roman, and Islamic civilization. Another way is to go back to an earlier, simpler way of life. For example, Roman civilization collapsed in the Dark Ages. When people became more civilized again, it was the Medieval civilization.

Enlightenment (Buddhism)

In Buddhism, enlightenment (called "bodhi" in Indian Buddhism, or "satori" in Zen Buddhism) is when a Buddhist finds the truth about life and stops being reborn because they have reached Nirvana. Once you get to Nirvana you are not born again into samsara (which is suffering). Buddhists believe a person can become enlightened by following the Middle Way; the Middle Way is not too extreme in either way of living, neither an extremely luxurious life of ease and enjoyment nor an extremely harsh life on living on the minimum of the most basic necessities. One develops Sila (morality), Samadhi (concentration), and Prajna (insight or wisdom). This is thought to take a very long time, according to many buddhist monks and nuns.

After establishing a strong foundation of Sila (morality), Buddhists become enlightened by using meditation. While they practice Vipassana meditation, they relax their mind with clear understanding of the law of impermanence, which clears their minds of all attachments; craving, aversion, and delusion are destroyed.

Siddhartha Gautama (the Buddha) is described as the person to have reached enlightenment and was the founder of Buddhism. (Buddhists know him as the Shakyamuni Buddha, and believe there were Buddhas before him and will be after him.) The story of his life is told as an example of what he learned.

Siddhartha was a rich aristocrat and the son of a ruler of a republic. His father went to a fortune teller who predicted that Siddhartha would either become a king or a religious leader. If Siddhartha saw any suffering then he would become a great religious leader. His father wanted him to become a king, so he gave Siddhartha many things and did not let him see any suffering. Siddhartha married a woman and had a son. He named his son Rahula. Some say Siddhartha left the palace to pursue a spiritual path on the day his son was born.

Siddhartha went to the Shramana teachers to ask for help. Siddhartha traveled for four days. On the first day, he saw an old man. On the second day, he saw a sick woman. On the third day, he saw a funeral. It was his first time seeing death. On the fourth day he saw a sadhu (holy man). This man was very poor. Siddhartha thought that the man was happy even though he was poor. Siddhartha also knew that he was not happy even though he was rich. He decided to leave the palace and never go back.

Siddhartha walked through the forest. In the forest, he found a group of ascetics. He watched them and thought this was the way to be enlightened. For six years he lived with the ascetics. For some time, he ate one grain of rice and drank from the river every day. One day a boat was on the river with a musician and his students on it. Siddhartha heard the musician say, "If the string is too tight, it will snap. If it is too loose, it will not play." After hearing that, Siddhartha knew that he wanted to find a middle way, something more effective than asceticism. He took a bowl of rice with milk from a village woman. He then had the strength, to meditate until Enlightenment.

Siddhartha sat at the bottom of the Bodhi tree. He made a promise to keep meditating until he was enlightened. For forty days Devaputra Mara, the leader of demons, tried to stop Siddhartha. He made Siddhartha think of scary things. He made demons try to hurt Siddhartha with spears, arrows, fire, and rocks. Siddhartha did not fear them and kept his mind relaxed and the hurtful things became like flowers and many coloured lights. From Sila (morality), Samadhi (concentration), and Prajna (insight; wisdom), he became enlightened. After he was enlightened, he taught people about what he had learned for 45 years. He died when he was 80 years old.

Mail

Mail is part of the postal system. The postal system is a system where written documents and small to medium packages are sent (delivered) to places around the world. Anything sent through the postal system is called mail or post.

A postal service can be private or public. Governments often make rules about private postal delivery systems. Since the early 19th century, most national postal systems have been controlled entirely by governments. The governments make people pay a fee to send something. This fee is usually in the form of stamps. Some governments only let private postal services deliver parcel (non-mail) packages.

Postal systems often do things other than sending letters. In some countries, the postal system is also in charge of telephone and telegraph systems. The postal systems in other countries can help people apply for government papers such as passports and driver's licenses. Many places the post offices also work like banks. This is so that people can take out money or pay bills at a nearby post office, instead of travelling to a big bank in the nearest town.

People drop letters in a post box to be collected and delivered by the post office.

The Righteous Brothers

The Righteous Brothers were an American pop group consisting of two men named Bill Medley and Bobby Hatfield. They formed in California in 1962. Some of their hits include "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'" and "Unchained Melody". Phil Spector produced those songs.


Gene Pitney

Gene Francis Alan Pitney (17 February 1940 – 5 April 2006) was an American rock singer and songwriter. He was born in Hartford, Connecticut. Some of his most well-known songs are "Town Without Pity", "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" and "Twenty Four Hours From Tulsa". He died of a heart attack in Cardiff in 2006 while on tour in the UK.

Federal Bureau of Investigation

The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is an agency of the US government that investigates crime across the country. It is dedicated to national security and to law enforcement and often fights terrorism.

The Bureau of Investigation was founded in 1908 and was renamed the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in 1935. J. Edgar Hoover was the Director of the Bureau from 1924 to his death, in 1972. Although the FBI works worldwide, its headquarters are in Washington DC. It has 56 main offices in cities throughout the United States.

The FBI's mission is to protect the US and maintain justice. They do this in many ways:

The FBI is organized into branches and the Office of the Director. This office contains most administrative offices. An executive assistant director manages each branch. Each branch is then divided into offices and divisions. Each division is headed by an assistant director. The various divisions are further divided into sub-branches. Each sub-branch is led by deputy assistant directors. Within these sub-branches there are various sections headed by section chiefs. Section chiefs are ranked analogous to special agents in charge.

Four of the branches report to the deputy director while two report to the associate director. The functions branches of the FBI are:

The FBI Crisis Negotiation Unit (FCNU) is a 24/7 operational response to crisis and to negotiate person(s) who are threatening to commit suicide or other harmful situations after a crime has been committed. The FBI's lead negotiator contacts the person(s) involved, with a hard-wire phone line to communicate with the person(s) to try convincing them to give themselves up to local police who are on stand-by.

1596

1596 was a year in the 16th century. It was a leap year.




Nothofagus

Nothofagus is a kind of plant, also called southern beech. It is a tree which can reach 35 m tall. "Nothofagus" is found in South America, New Zealand, Australia and New Guinea.
There are 34 species, considering pollen morphology four sections are recognized, i.e. Brassospora, Fuscospora, Lophozonia, and Nothofagus.


Ancient Greek

Ancient Greek was an Indo-European language spoken in Ancient Greece from about 1500 BC to about 300 BC. Ancient Greek and Latin are very important languages. Although they are no longer spoken, they influenced almost all modern European languages.

Greek had many different dialects. Attic Greek was spoken in Athens, the largest city, and the rest of the region of Attica. It was thought to be the purest form of Greek. Later, in the educated Roman world, children were taught Greek as a second language, just as many people now learn English as their second language. Koine Greek was the common language of Greeks. It was Attic Greek mixed with several other dialects.

Homer spoke and wrote in an old dialect that was somewhat different from Attic Greek. The "Iliad" and the "Odyssey" are long poems that tell exciting stories about warfare, travel and the Greek gods. In the 5th century BC, some great plays were written by Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides. The Golden Age of Ancient Greece inspired literature that has been read for centuries.

Attic Greek was the dialect that was spoken in Athens and the rest of the region of Attica. It was the dialect most similar to later forms of Greek since it was the standard form of the language. It is studied in Ancient Greek courses because it was the most common dialect.

All languages change with time, and Greek has changed a great deal over 2500 years. Modern Greek is often said to have started in 1453 AD after Medieval Greek was spoken.

Unlike Latin, Ancient Greek did not split into many languages, but it is still considered to be a separate language from Modern Greek. The pronunciation has changed; for instance, beta was pronounced "b" in Ancient Greek, but it is pronounced "v" and is called "vita" in Modern Greek. The spelling has not changed much, which gives the appearance of less change than has actually happened. Also, many different vowels and diphthongs merged into "i", the vowel sound in the English word "ski". The tonal system of Ancient Greek has disappeared, but Modern Greek had only recently changed its spelling to match that change.

Despite those changes, much of the language has remarkably survived intact through the centuries. There is a community near Trabzon, Turkey, that speaks a dialect that is closer to Ancient Greek than to Standard Modern Greek.

Bundesautobahn

Autobahn (German, word translation "car [rail] way") is the controlled-access highway system in Germany.
They are famous because if there is no speed limit shown with road signs, drivers can drive as fast as they want to if following the general rule of due care. About 30 % of all autobahn sections have a speed limit.

An autobahn is designed for fast travel.
Curves are very large.
Slopes are not too steep.
There are many tunnels and bridges to avoid curves and big slopes.
The street surface is solid.
There are no traffic lights or (same-height) intersections.

Except for ramps, an autobahn has at least two lanes in each direction.
Each direction is separated by a median strip.
The median strip usually has a metal barrier.
There are small plants like bushes.
This blocks lights of cars driving in opposite direction.
Sometimes there is a , instead.

Near cities or in other high-traffic areas, there may be more than two lanes for one direction.
Except for very few low-traffic areas, an autobahn has one additional lane that is not for moving traffic, but for vehicles having mechanical failures ().
Except for some city autobahns, there are no streetlights.
At a German autobahn, every there is an emergency telephone.
The direction of the closest emergency phone is shown by a triangle on the reflector posts.

Junctions between two autobahns are called
Junctions with normal roads are called .
On the autobahn the traffic sign reads .
All junctions of an autobahn are numbered sequentially.
Junctions that were build after the autobahn was completed may have one letter, too.
This prevents giving all other junctions new numbers.

All autobahns have rest stops.
These are parking lots.
Most parking lots also have big space for trucks.
Occasionally the rest stop has a toilet, too.
There are also gas stations.
Frequently, gas station and rest stop are combined, some have a (fast-food) restaurant or even a hotel or church.
Both, rest stops and gas stations, can usually "only" be accessed from the autobahn, so the area cannot be used as an unofficial .

The German autobahn has its own police, the .
They have very fast police cars.
There are police stations on the autobahn.

There are no active border checkpoints anymore.
Since the reunification of the Germanies, the German Democratic Republic and Federal Republic of Germany, the Helmstedt–Marienborn border crossing on the A2 has lost its function.
Since the Schengen Agreement there are also no checkpoints to neighboring countries.

Germany has right-hand traffic.
All drivers are supposed to drive in the outer-most lane.
This is the right-most lane.
Only for moving past other cars or trucks that are going slower the right-most lane may be left.

It is forbidden to stop on an autobahn, unless there is a situation asking for it (for example a car crash).
It is forbidden to park on an autobahn.
It is forbidden to reverse or turn around, except if the police asks for it.

Pedestrians or bicyclists are not allowed on an autobahn.
All vehicles must "by design" be able to go "faster than" .
This is not a minimum speed.
If the situation asks for it, for example a traffic jam or whiteout (very strong snow) condition, a slower speed can be driven.

During the 1973 oil crisis there was a general speed limit of in West Germany.
Because of criticism, four months later the speed limit was removed.
Today, about 50 to 70% of autobahns in Germany have no speed limit shown by a traffic sign.
There is only a speed "recommendation" of per hour.
The traffic law says, drivers must adjust their speed to the road condition and go only as fast as they can safely stop within the area they can see.
However, if you are involved in an accident while driving faster 130 km/h, you are automatically attributed contributory negligence of about 30%.

Driving on a German autobahn is free for cars.
Since 2005, trucks (12.5 tons and above) do have to pay a toll of about a twelve cents (€0.12) per kilometer.
There have been many discussions about introducing a general speed limit on all German roads.
Some people say it will improve traffic safety.
The German Road Safety Council (DVR) has found that on average there are 25% more deaths on sections of the autobahn without speed limits compared to those with a limit.
Data analysis performed by Der Spiegel has found that a speed limit applied across all German motorways would save 140 lives a year.

In Germany, many cars and trucks use an internal combustion engine.
Some people say a maximum speed was necessary because of the environmental pollution.

Arnold Schoenberg

Arnold Schoenberg (originally written 'Schönberg') (13 September 1874 – 13 July 1951) was an Austrian-born composer. He was known for his twelve-tone system of writing music.

Schoenberg came from a strict Jewish family who had moved to Austria from Hungary. They were quite poor and Schoenberg taught himself about music. When he was grown up he had to do a lot of teaching to try and earn enough money to live. In later life he went to live in the United States. It took a long time before he was recognized world-wide as a great composer. His two most famous pupils were Alban Berg (1885-1935) and Anton Webern (1883-1945). He taught them how to write twelve-tone music and they became famous composers.

When Arnold Schoenberg was a young man he was living in the late 19th century. If you look at the way composers wrote music at this time you will find that their compositions became more and more chromatic. This means that more and more sharps and flats were used during the piece, and the music went from one key to another (modulated) very quickly. Richard Wagner wrote very chromatic music, especially in his opera "Tristan and Isolde".

In 1898 Schoenberg converted to Christianity in the Lutheran church. According to MacDonald, this was partly to connect with Western European cultural traditions, and partly as a means of self-defence "in a time of resurgent anti-Semitism".

In 1933, after long thought, he returned to Judaism, convert by because he realised that "his racial and religious heritage was inescapable", and to take up an unmistakable position on the side opposing Nazism. He would self-identify as a member of the Jewish religion later in life.

Schoenberg’s early works are mostly Late Romantic. His piece "Verklärte Nacht" (which can be played by six string instruments or by a whole orchestra) has very beautiful harmonies which go quickly from one key to another. Gradually Schoenberg’s music changed. It became so chromatic that it was no longer in any key at all. Music like this (called “atonal”) is much harder to understand. His "Five Orchestral Pieces" were played by the conductor Sir Henry Wood at a Promenade Concert in 1912. The audience did not like it at first and took some time to get used to the sound.

In 1923 Schoenberg developed the twelve-tone system for which he is famous. This is music which is based on a particular row of notes. Twelve-tone music is atonal because there is no feeling of being in any key, because of the equal use of every pitch.

War of the Roses

War of the Roses may refer to:


Full Metal Jacket

Full Metal Jacket is a 1987 British-American war drama movie directed by Stanley Kubrick. It is based on the Gustav Hasford book "The Short-Timers". The name of the movie comes from the full-metal jacketed bullets used in the military. The movie follows soldiers who are drafted to fight in the Vietnam War. The story is set in the late 1960s and follows the characters from their time in recruit training and them fighting in the war.


Cambridgeshire

Cambridgeshire is a county in England. It is located in the East part of the country. The counties around Cambridgeshire are Lincolnshire to the north, Norfolk to the northeast, Suffolk to the east, Essex and Hertfordshire to the south, and Bedfordshire and Northamptonshire to the west. The county town is Cambridge.

English Channel

The English Channel is a body of water that separates the island of Great Britain from the rest of Europe. People who live in the UK and want to visit Europe, or people from Europe who want to visit the UK, can take a ferry across or ride a train under the channel in a special tunnel called the Channel Tunnel (nicknamed the "Chunnel"). Both the ferries and trains carry cars. It is 563 km long, 246 km wide, and its narrowest part (34 km) is the Strait of Dover. On a clear day, it is possible to see the cliffs of Dover from Calais on the French side.

In 1875, Matthew Webb became the first known person to swim the English Channel, crossing it in just under 22 hours. The first woman to do this was Gertrude Ederle. In 2004, over 600 people were recorded making the crossing. The fastest time was achieved by Bulgarian swimmer Peter Stoychev in 2007, who managed it in 7 hours. Recently, officials have outlawed swimming in the English Channel.

In France, it is known as "La manche" (The Sleeve).

Upminster

Upminster is a place in the east London Borough of Havering, England. It is the eastern end of the London Underground system, on the District line which is green. It is also a station on the c2c line, but Oyster cards and travel cards are not valid beyond Upminster. Nearby places include Hornchurch, Upminster Bridge and Cranham.

Saint Laurence Church in Upminster is where William Derham measured the speed of sound.

Colin Baker

Colin Baker (born 8 June 1943) is an English actor. He is most famous as the Sixth Doctor on "Doctor Who" from 1984 to 1986. He has no relation to Tom Baker, who played the fourth incarnation of the Doctor. He also played Paul Merroney in "The Brothers".

Boxing

Boxing is one of the world's oldest combat sports. It is held in a ring and played by two boxers (people who fight in boxing fights). They wear padded gloves and try to hit one another.

There are different ways to win in boxing. One is by way of a knockout, which is when a fighter is punched and falls to the ground and cannot get back up within ten seconds. Another way is by a technical knockout, which is when the fighter can not continue fighting thus the referee stops the fight. Technical knockout wins and losses are also knockout wins or losses for a boxer. Another possibility is winning on points, which a boxer gets by outboxing his or her opponent by hitting the opponent more often, harder, and more accurately. 

There are also draws in boxing. What in other sports is called a "tie", in boxing is called a "draw". A referee can announce a technical draw due to an accidental cut or an accidental wound like a headbutt. Generally, it is considered a "no contest" (NC), in which case the fight is considered as not having taken place at all and not counting as a fight. However, after the fourth round, if the scorecards for both fighters are equal, the fight could be called a draw. 

Each round lasts 3 minutes for men and 2 minutes for women.



1900s

The 1900s was a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It began on January 1, 1900 and ended on December 31, 1909. It was the first decade of the 20th century. It is distinct from the decade known as the 191st decade which began on January 1, 1901 and ended on December 31, 1910. 




Tux Racer

Tux Racer is a video game made by Sunspire Studios where the player moves Tux, the Linux Penguin . In the game, Tux goes down a hill on his belly and collects fish. There are many things that slow Tux down. There are also things that may be hard for Tux to get past.


The developers of Tux Racer have long abandoned making and programing the game. But some programmers took the source code and they call their new version Extreme Tux Racer, it is much newer and has many improvements over the old Tux Racer.


Northwest Territories

The Northwest Territories is a territory in Northern Canada. 44,541 people live there as of 2018. It is 1,171,918 square kilometers.

The capital of the Northwest Territories is Yellowknife. Yellowknife was the capital since 1967. The Northwest Territories have many geographical features, like the Great Bear Lake, the Mackenzie River and Nahanni River, which is a national park and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The Northwest Territories entered the Canadian Confederation in 1870. The Hudson's Bay Company gave the land to the Dominion of Canada. The Northwest Territories have one person in the House of Commons and the Canadian Senate. A lot of parts of the Northwest Territories were given to other provinces, including British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec. In 1999, the eastern part of the Northwest Territories became the territory of Nunavut.

Straight

The word straight means something that goes in one direction without turns, bends, or curves. 

Lines can bend in a curve. If lines do not bend, they are straight. For example, the edge of a circle is not straight. The edge of a circle bends in a curve. 

Light bends in a curve in air and water, but travels in a straight line away from the earth or other bodies in outer space where there is no air.
The word "straight" is also a slang term for "heterosexual"

SS Richard Montgomery

The SS "Richard Montgomery" was an American ship built during World War II. "Montgomery" was wrecked off the coast of Sheerness, near Kent, England in 1944 with around 1,400 tonnes of explosives on board, which continue to be a hazard to the area.

"Montgomery" sank in the Thames estuary on August 20, 1944. It was loaded with 15,000 tons of explosive munitions. The Admiralty decided to leave the wreck and its dangerous cargo untouched. The wreck lies just a few hundred yards offshore between an oil refinery and the several towns. Southend-on-Sea is just a couple of miles away on the other side of the Thames estuary. Rumors about the ship and its cargo have spread in these towns ever since. Denials have been issued by ministers in the House of Commons in response to MPs questions about the fact biological, chemical and gas warheads are on board. Nevertheless, rumors continue that the real reason the wreck was not made safe was because of the fact of "dirty weapons" being on board.


Inno e Marcia Pontificale

The "Pontifical Anthem" is the national anthem of the Vatican City, a tiny country located smack-dab in the city of Rome. It is also known as the "Papal Anthem".

This song comes from the 19th century. The song's music was composed in 1869 by a French composer named Charles Gounod. For a long time, this song did not have words; lyrics weren't written for it until 1949, when the Italian organist Antonio Allegra made words for it. In that same year, this song was adopted as the anthem of the Vatican City and the Holy See, now with the Italian lyrics. To preserve the region's Roman and Christian identity, words in the Latin language were made for it 1991, by Raffaello Lavagna.

Northern Mariana Islands

The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, usually shortened to the Northern Mariana Islands, is a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean that are a political division controlled by the United States. Its capital is Saipan.

Spain owned the islands until 1899 and sold them to the German Empire. Germany lost them to Japan in World War I and the United States took them in World War II.

The Northern Mariana Islands, together with Guam to the south, compose the Mariana Islands. The southern islands are limestone, with level terraces and fringing coral reefs. The northern islands are volcanic, with active volcanos on Anatahan, Pagan and Agrihan. The volcano on Agrihan has the highest elevation at . 
Anatahan Volcano is a small volcanic island north of Saipan. It is about long and wide. Anatahan began erupting suddenly from its east crater on May 10, 2003, at about 6 p.m. (0800 UTC). It has since alternated between eruptive and calm periods. On April 6, 2005, approximately of ash and rock were ejected, causing a large, black cloud to drift south over Saipan and Tinian.

In 2020, 47,329 people lived on the Northern Mariana Islands. This was down from 69,221 in 2000.

The official languages on the Northern Mariana Islands are English, Chamorro, and Carolinian. Only a few people speak the Tanapag language. Many people also speak Philippine languages, Chinese, and other Pacific island languages. Many people still have Spanish family names, but the people do not often speak Spanish, as they did in the past.

Most people in the Northern Mariana Islands are Roman Catholic. There are also communities of Buddhist and Protestant people. Many people have traditional beliefs, also referred to as folk religion.
According to the Pew Research Center, 2010:
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints reported 865 members in the Northern Mariana Islands.


1890s

The 1890s was the decade that began on January 1, 1890 and ended on December 31, 1899.



Benjamin Harrison

Benjamin Harrison (August 20, 1833 – March 13, 1901) was the 23rd president of the United States (1889-1893). He was the grandson of President William Henry Harrison and the only grandson of a president to himself become president. His home was in Indianapolis, Indiana. He was a member of the Republican party and was elected to the White House in 1888, beating the incumbent, Grover Cleveland. He was the first president of the United States to use electricity in the White House. After Harrison served one full four-year term as president, Cleveland ran again. This time, he beat Harrison. 

Harrison's first wife was Carrie Harrison. After she died, he married Mary Dimmick Harrison. During the American Civil War Harrison was a colonel in the Union Army (later a brevet brigadier general). He was also a successful lawyer, arguing many cases before the United States Supreme Court. he died of influenza related pneumonia at age 67 in Indianapolis Indiana

Benjamin Harrison as president wanted to increase tariffs (a tax on goods that come into the country) for two reasons:

Harrison spent the money received from the tariffs to give money to injured American Civil War veterans.

Harrison was the first president to have a billion dollar budget for the government. People criticized him for that.

He also signed the Sherman Anti-Trust Act which gave the U.S. government the power to regulate big businesses. 


Pablo Picasso

Pablo Ruiz Picasso (October 25, 1881 – April 8, 1973) was a Spanish painter and sculptor. He created over 20,000 works of art. He was 91 when he died.

He is considered one of the greatest artists of the 20th century. He co-founded the style of art called cubism. In cubist art, the artist breaks objects into pieces and reassembles them in abstract and geometric form. Picasso could draw and paint when he was very young. His first word was "lápiz", the Spanish word for "pencil".

Perhaps his most famous painting is "Guernica", which shows the horrors of war after the bombing of the town of Guernica. He spent most of his life in France when he was an adult.

He was 90 years old when the Louvre in Paris showed many of his works. He was the first living artist to have an exhibition at the Louvre.

Picasso had four children with three women. He died of heart failure in Mougins, France, on April 8 1973.

Pablo Picasso was born on October 25, 1881 in Málaga, Spain. His father was a painter and teacher José Ruiz Blasco and his mother was María Picasso López. Until 1898, he signed his pictures with the names of his father and of his mother. After around 1901, he only used his mother's name. At the age of eight, Picasso created his first oil painting called "The Picador". In 1891, Pablo moved with his family to Northern Spain, where his father taught at the "Instituto da Guarda". One year later, Pablo studied at this institute. Pablo's father was his teacher at this time. In 1896, he started to attend the art school in Barcelona after passing the entrance examination.<ref name="picasso-de/"></ref> One year later in 1897, Picasso started to study at the "Academia San Fernando" in Madrid. In 1898, he left the academy and went to a rest to Horta de Ebro. In 1900, he published his first illustrations in a newspaper in Barcelona. This exhibition had over 60 portraits.

Picasso first travelled to Paris in 1900. In Paris, he lived with Max Jacob, a poet and journalist. When Max was working during the day, Pablo slept and when Max slept at night, Pablo worked. "Lovers in the Street" and "Moulin de la Galette" are examples of his Paris work from this time. Both pictures were painted in 1900.

He went back to Madrid in 1901 where he worked for a newspaper called "Arte Joven". He was responsible for illustrations. At this time, he shortened his signature from "Pablo Ruiz y Picasso" to "Picasso". This is the time his so-called "Blue Period" started. The two 1903 paintings, "The Soup" and "Crouching Woman," are examples. His "Blue Period" ended in 1904 when he settled in Paris.

In 1905, Picasso made a trip to Holland. In the same year, Pablo's "Rosa Period" started. During this period, Picasso mostly painted circus performers. "Girl Balancing on a Ball" and "The Actor" are two early paintings from this time. This period lasted until 1907.

Picasso's Cubism period started in 1909 and ended around 1912. This period was inspired by the French painter Paul Cézanne. This period is called "Cubism" because of the use of cubes and other shapes. During this time, Picasso painted musical instruments, still life objects, and also his friends.

Picasso had his first exhibition in the United States in 1911. One year later in 1912, he had his first exhibition in Great Britain. Pablo's father died in May 1913.

From 1912 to 1919 was Picasso's so called "Synthetic Cubism Period". During this time, he started to use collages in his paintings. His works from this time are called "papiers collés". He spent his time during the First World War in Rome. In 1914, Picasso spent the whole summer in Avignon. In 1915, he started to paint realistic again. At the end of 1915, his wife Eva died. During the World War, he also worked as a designer for Sergey Diaghilev.

In 1917, Picasso met Olga Koklova, a Russian dancer. In the same year, he painted several realistic portraits of her and their friends. One year later, he married her. The last summer of the wartime, Picasso and his wife spent in Barcelona and Biarritz.

In 1921, Picasso's son Paul was born. After this, he painted several paintings with his wife and his son. Paul was Picasso's only legitimate son (only son born to a woman he had married). In 1925, his art was in the first Surrealist exhibition in Paris. Between 1924 and 1926, Picasso preferred to paint abstract still lives. In 1927, he met Marie-Thérèse Walter. She became his model and mistress. In 1928, he began to make sculptural works. In 1931, he left his wife and moved with his mistress to Boisgeloup. There they lived in a country home. There, Picasso had a room for his sculptures only. Since 1932, he used Marie-Thérèse as a model. During a travel in Spain, he started to paint bullfights. In 1935, Picasso's daughter, Maïa, was born. At this time, he got divorced from his wife because of the birth of Maïa. In 1936, Picasso got a job as director of the Prado-Museum in Madrid. During this time, the Spanish Civil War started. German bombs fell on Guernica in Spain on 6 April 1937. Picasso used this impact to paint one of his most famous paintings, "Guernica". This painting was completed in about 8 months. It was first shown in the Spanish Pavilion in Paris in 1937.

In 1938, Picasso's mother died. When the Second World War started on the 1st of September 1939, Picasso returned to Paris. Around 1943, he met the painter Françoise Gilot. She bore him one son and one daughter. In 1941, he wrote his first play "Le désir attrapé par la queue" (English: "Desire Caught by the Tail"). It was first shown in 1944. Also in 1944, Picasso joined the communist Party. Picasso spent almost the full war time in Paris.

After the liberation of Paris, Picasso resumed exhibiting his work, notably at the Salon d’Automne of 1944 (“Salon de la Libération”), where his canvases of the preceding five years were received as a shock. That plus the announcement that Picasso had just joined the Communist Party led to demonstrations against his political views in the gallery itself. At the same time, Picasso opened up his studio to both new and old writer and artist friends, including Jean-Paul Sartre, Pierre Reverdy, Éluard, the photographer Brassaï, the English artist Roland Penrose, and the American photographer Lee Miller, as well as many American GIs.

On 28 April 1973, Pablo Picasso died due to heart failure at the age of 91 years in Mougins, France.


1880s

The 1880s was the decade that began on January 1, 1880 and ended on December 31, 1889.



Kingdom of Yugoslavia

The Kingdom of Serbs, Croats Slovenes later known as the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was a state in south-eastern and central Europe which existed from 1918 until 1941. In 1903, King Alexander I of Serbia was murdered and replaced with Peter I of Serbia. After this, Serbia became more nationalist. Tensions with Austria-Hungary heightened when it conquered Bosnia in 1908. During this period Serbia managed to extend its borders and reconquer Kosovo and North Macedonia from the Ottoman Empire. Many Serbian nationalists wanted to create a unified state for the Slavs of the Balkans. Covert gangs attempted to assassinate Austro-Hungarian officials, like the Bosnian governor. In June 1914, a Bosnian Serb called Gavrilo Princip killed Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo, Bosnia. This event eventually led to World War I.

Yugoslavia came into existence in 1918 after World War I. Most of its northern territories were given to it from Austria-Hungary when it collapsed during the war. Its territories were reconquered by Serbia from the Ottoman Empire during the Balkan Wars (1912-13). The reigning king in Serbia became the king of all Yugoslavia.

For ten years, it was known as the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. It began using the name 'Yugoslavia' in 1929. The name 'Yugoslavia' is Serbo-Croatian for 'Land of the Southern Slavs'. The Kingdom was invaded by the Axis Powers in 1941 and quickly fell during World War II. A Federal Democratic Republic was declared in 1943 with the King's approval, but the monarchy was abolished shortly after.

1881

1881 was a common year.




Wake Island

Wake Island is an atoll (a type of island) in the Pacific Ocean, near Hawaii. It is controlled by the United States Army and United States Air Force. It is a territory of the United States, part of the United States Minor Outlying Islands. From December 1941 to August 1945 the Empire of Japan ruled Wake Island.

Wake is located to the west of the International Date Line and sits in the Wake Island Time Zone, one day ahead of the 50 U.S. states.

Referring to the atoll as an island is the result of a pre-World War II desire by the United States Navy to distinguish Wake from other atolls, most of which were Japanese territory.

There is no permanent population on Wake Island, so there are no schools for children. About 100 people live there at any given time, though. Most are contractors who keep the roads and other infrastructure working. One man has been there since 1991.


William McKinley

William McKinley Jr. (January 29, 1843 – September 14, 1901) was the 25th president of the United States, from 1897 until his assassination in 1901. McKinley was the first president to ride in a car.

Before he became president, McKinley was a congressman of Ohio.

McKinley was inaugurated in 1897. This was the first presidential inauguration to be filmed.

When the USS "Maine" was sunk, the public wanted war. Congress declared war against Spain in Latin America. This was the Spanish-American War. It started the era of imperialism for the United States.

During his presidency, McKinley also supported higher tariffs (taxes on countries which trade with the US). During his term, the United States annexed Hawaii, Cuba, the Philippines, and Wake Island.

McKinley was elected to a second term as president in 1900. His second term did not last very long.

McKinley was shot by an anarchist named Leon Czolgosz on September 6, 1901. His abdominal gunshot wounds became infected and resulted in gangrene. He died eight days later and Czolgosz said that the President committed war crimes in the Philippines and was an enemy of the people. Czolgosz was executed in the electric chair on October 29, 1901. McKinley was the third American president to be assassinated.

After McKinley's death, his vice president Theodore Roosevelt became president.

McKinley's biographer, H. Wayne Morgan remarks that McKinley died the most beloved president in history.

Kenneth F. Warren emphasizes the national commitment to a pro-business, industrial, and modernizing program, represented by McKinley.


Record producer

A record producer (or music producer) is a person who takes charge of a recording session, in the same kind of way that a movie director is in charge of filming movies. Record producers help musicians and recording artists to make singles and albums. The producer controls the recording sessions, coaches and guides the musicians and supervises the recording, mixing and mastering processes to make the music finalized. 

In a professional context, there are two types of music producers:




Gliwice

Gliwice is a city in south Poland, in Silesian Voivodeship and along the Kłodnica River. According to a count in 2004, it has a population of 200,361 people.

In the late Middle Ages, around 1276, was the first known time that there was a reference to Gliwice in history. At first, it was ruled by Polish dukes, but later became a part of Bohemia in 1335. Later on, in 1526, it was conquered by Austria.

In the middle of the 18th century, Gliwice was taken from the Austrian ruling family and became a part of Prussia. However, in the unification, or coming together, of Germany in 1871, Gliwice became a part of the German empire.

In the 19th century, Gliwice became more developed and was home to many businesses, including one of the most famous theaters in Germany at the time.

In 1945, Gliwice passed into Polish rule.


First aid

First aid is promptly helping people who are suddenly sick (illnesses) or hurt (injuries or body damage). For example, first aid is used at accidents to help an injured person until they get medical treatment (help by doctors, nurses or ambulances). First aid is also used to help people who suddenly become sick, until help arrives or they can be taken to medical care.

A person does not need much equipment to give first aid. A package of things useful to give first aid is called a first aid kit. Lives can be saved even without a first aid kit. What is required is basic knowledge. First aid can be done just about anywhere that an emergency requires. In places far from hospitals, first aid may be the only help possible until the person can be taken to a hospital or clinic.

Emergency medical dispatchers are trained in first aid, so that if there is an emergency, they can give the caller some information on what to do until the ambulance arrives. This can include the “C–A–B" listed below.

First aid skills are kept simple on purpose so that people can remember and use them in an emergency to save at least one life.

One set of goals of first aid is called the ""Three P's"":
Another set of goals for keeping a badly hurt person alive is sometimes called "C–A–B" :

People can learn about first aid from books ("manuals") and videos. A good first aid kit will often include a simple First Aid Guide.

It is best to have good training to give first aid. In addition to books and videos, good training includes a good teacher and the chance to practice. For example, CPR is practiced on a dummy called a mannequin, so a student can learn to push down on someone's chest in an emergency without actually doing it to a person. The teacher makes sure the first aid student is doing the skill correctly.

Training can be given by an organization or by a professional medical person, like a doctor, a nurse, or a paramedic. Organizations that teach first aid include the International Red Cross, schools, hospitals, the military, Scout groups, and rescue groups such as fire departments.

The level of training needed to be a first aid helper changes from country to country. For example, in the United Kingdom and the United States, you can go on a 1-day course to become a first aid giver. In the U.K., you can go on a 4-day course for emergencies in a place of work. All firefighters, police officers, and soldiers are trained in first aid during their basic training.

First aid kits may be kept in cloth bags or plastic or metal boxes. They are often labeled with a symbol such as those on the upper right. A first aid kit may contain many items, but basic items that can help with first aid include:

1814

1814 was a common year.



1846

1846 was a common year in the 19th century.



1705

1705 (MDCCV) was a common year starting on Thursday. It was a common year starting on Monday on the 11-day slower Julian calendar. In the Swedish calendar, it was a common year starting on Sunday. The Swedish calendar is one day ahead of the Julian and ten days behind the Gregorian calendar.

Wausau, Wisconsin

Wausau is a city in Marathon County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. It is the largest city in the county, and it is the county seat (where the government of the county works). According to the 2000 census (official count), 38,426 people lived in the city.

The Wisconsin River flows through the middle of the city.


1852

Year 1852 (MDCCCLII) was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar. It was a leap year starting on Tuesday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar.










701

701 was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar.



1158

Year 1158 (MCLVIII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.



1201

1201 (MCCI) was .





Care Bears Movie II: A New Generation

Care Bears Movie II: A New Generation is an animated movie from 1986, made by Canada's Nelvana Limited and distributed by Columbia Pictures. A follow-up to the first "Care Bears Movie", it tells of the beginnings of the Kingdom of Caring, and of the Care Bears' first Caring Mission, which takes place at a summer camp.

The movie made $8.5 million in the United States during its original run at theatres. Only one more addition to the original Care Bear trilogy, "Adventure in Wonderland", would premiere on the big screen the next summer.

"A New Generation" is a prequel to the Nelvana television series that would be shown on the ABC network the following September.

In this second movie, the Great Wishing Star helps True Heart Bear and Noble Heart Horse start the Care Bear Family, as they try to save them and the Kingdom from a demon villain named Dark Heart. A camper named Christy makes a deal with the villain that makes her a success at anything she never did before, even cartwheels. In turn, he plans to forever capture the Care Bears and Care Bear Cousins, one at a time, inside a magic red bag, and them trap them all inside a secret location somewhere at camp.

Christy's two friends, Dawn and John, later join the Care Bear Family so that they can put an end to his evil doings.

An episode of DiC's Care Bears show also took place at a summer camp. But the storyline of "A New Generation" does not borrow from it.

This was one of only two Care Bear movies to have Harmony Bear as a character; the other one was 2005's "Big Wish Movie". Her second and final 1980s appearance was in the animated series' "Great Race" episode.



35

35 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Gallus and Nonianus.




1025

1025 (MXXV) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the twenty-fifth year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.



Mikhail Bakunin

Mikhail Alexandrovich Bakunin (; – 1 July 1876) was a Russian anarchist and revolutionary. He became an anarchist in the 1860s, and was one of the first people in the movement. Before that he was part of the left-wing of pan-Slavism. He is also known as the father of Russian nihilism.

Mikhail was born in the Russian Empire to a family of Russian nobles. As a young man he was a junior officer in the Russian army, but he quit his commission in 1835. He went to school in Moscow to study philosophy and began to attend radical groups where he was greatly influenced by Alexander Herzen. Bakunin left Russia in 1842 for Dresden, and eventually Paris where he met George Sand, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon and Karl Marx

He was eventually deported from France for speaking against Russia's oppression of Poland. In 1849 he was arrested in Dresden for being involved in the Czech rebellion of 1848. He was turned over to Russia where he was imprisoned in Peter-Paul Fortress in Saint Petersburg. He remained there until 1857, when he was sent to a work camp in Siberia. He escaped to Japan, the U.S. and finally ended up in London for a short time, then Switzerland and Italy.

In 1868, Bakunin joined the socialist International Working Men's Association, a group of trade unions and workers' organizations. A disagreement with Marx, an important person in this organization, ended with Bakunin kicked out for having a "secret organisation within the International".

The bigger Bakuninist organization lasted longer than its small Marxist rival, which was only in New York. Bakunin promoted the basic ideas of syndicalism and of anarchism. From 1870 to 1876, Bakunin wrote some of his longer writings, such as "Statism and Anarchy" and "God and the State".

The Paris Commune fitted many elements of Bakunin's anarchist programme – self-management, mandated delegates, a militia system with elected officers, and decentralisation. Even though he was old and sick, Bakunin also tried to join anarchists in Bologna, Italy, but was forced to return to Switzerland in disguise, where he lived in Lugano. He stayed active in the worker's and peasant's movements of Europe and he also influenced movements in Egypt and Latin America.



Internet Relay Chat

Internet Relay Chat (IRC) is a chat system on the Internet. People from around the world can use it to have conversations together. It can also be used for two people to chat privately.

The IRC chat rooms are also called "IRC channels". These channels are on IRC servers, which you can connect to by finding that server's information. This information will often begin with "irc," then a period, the name of the server, then another period, and finally, .com .org or .net. An example would be 'irc.[Servername].org'

There are small IRC servers (for example, OperaNet) to medium IRC servers (freenode and DalNet, which have about 30,000 users) and big IRC servers (for example, EFNet, UnderNet, which have over 100,000 users).

Users of IRC need an IRC client. An IRC client is a computer program that works with IRC. There are many clients. Some of these clients run in the web browser. Other clients run as an application. Popular stand-alone clients include mIRC for Microsoft Windows, and XChat for Linux and Microsoft Windows. The Opera web browser has an IRC client built into the browser. ChatZilla is a chat client which is a plugin to Mozilla Firefox.

An IRC bot is a computer program that helps control and protect channels.

The name of an IRC channel usually begins with a hash (#).

IRC is an open protocol that uses TCP and optionally TLS. An IRC server can connect to other IRC servers to expand the IRC network. Users access IRC networks by connecting a client to a server. There are many client and server programs. Most IRC servers do not require users to log in, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.

IRC was originally a plain text protocol (although later extended), which on request was assigned network port 194/TCP by IANA. However, most servers now run IRC on 6667/TCP and nearby port numbers (for example TCP ports 6112-6119) so that the server does not have to be run with root privileges.

This is a list of some programs which allow users to connect to IRC.



Spring

Spring is the season after winter and before summer. Days become longer and weather gets warmer in the temperate zone because the Earth tilts relative to its orbital plane around the Sun. In many parts of the world it rains for hours. This helps the plants grow and flowers bloom. Often people with hay fever suffer more, because some plant pollens are allergens. Many animals have their breeding seasons in spring. At the start of spring, people suffering from seasonal affective disorder will feel better. The vernal equinox in springtime makes days and nights equally long in the temperate zone.

Holidays celebrated in spring include Passover and Easter. In many countries, the period of school between early January and later May or early June is referred to as the “Spring Semester” or “Spring Term”. Spring break is a vacation period in early spring at universities and schools in various countries in the world. 

1862

1862 was a year.


Muse

The Muses are goddesses representing different arts and sciences in Greek mythology. They are the daughters of Mnemosyne and Zeus.

Most commonly the Muses are:
The word "muse" is also sometimes used for a person who inspires somebody else, or any other type of inspiring object. Muse can also be used to describe one's creative thoughts, such as poetry or a musical composition.

Yes (band)

Yes are a progressive rock band that formed in London, England in 1968 that is among the most influential progressive bands of all time. The band has received wide critical praise for their work. Their best known songs include "Owner of a Lonely Heart", "Roundabout" and "I've Seen All Good People".


Mason Williams

Mason Williams (born August 24, 1938) is an easy listening guitarist. His most famous work is "Classical Gas".

Also a photographer, Williams published a life-sized photo print of a Greyhound bus in the 1960s. He appeared with the print on the cover of his first album, "The Mason Williams Phonograph Record". The print is now in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC.

Leaf

A leaf is a green above-ground plant organ. Its main functions are photosynthesis and gas exchange. A leaf is flat so it absorbs the most light, and thin, so that the sunlight can get to the chloroplasts in the cells. Most leaves have stomata, which open and close. They regulate carbon dioxide, oxygen, and water vapour exchange with the atmosphere.

Plants with leaves all year round are evergreens, and those that shed their leaves are deciduous. Deciduous trees and shrubs generally lose their leaves in autumn. Before this happens, the leaves change colour. The leaves will grow back in spring. Leaves are normally green in color, which comes from chlorophyll found in the chloroplasts. Plants that lack chlorophyll cannot photosynthesize.
Leaves come in many shapes and sizes. The biggest undivided leaf is that of a giant edible arum. This lives in marshy parts of the tropical rain forest of Borneo. One of its leaves can be ten feet across and have a surface area of over 30 square feet (~2.8 sq. metres).

However, leaves are always thin so carbon dioxide can diffuse quickly to all cells.

A leaf is a plant organ made up of tissues in a regular organisation. The major tissue systems present are:

The epidermis is the outer layer of cells covering the leaf. It forms the boundary separating the plant's inner cells from the external environment.

The epidermis is covered with pores called "stomata". Each pore is surrounded on each side by chloroplast-containing guard cells, and two to four subsidiary cells. Opening and closing the stoma complex controls the exchange of gases and water vapor between the outside air and the interior of the leaf. This allows photosynthesis, without letting the leaf dry out.

Most of the interior of the leaf between the upper and lower layers of epidermis is a tissue called the mesophyll (Greek for "middle leaf"). This tissue is the main place photosynthesis takes place. The products of photosynthesis are sugars, which can be turned into other products in plant cells.

In ferns and most flowering plants, the mesophyll is divided into two layers: 

Plants with leaves all year round are evergreens, and those that shed their leaves are deciduous. Deciduous trees and shrubs generally lose their leaves in autumn. Before this happens, the leaves change colour. The leaves grow back in Spring.

The 'veins' are a dense network of xylem, which supply water for photosynthesis, and phloem, which remove the sugars produced by photosynthesis. The pattern of the veins is called 'venation'. 

In angiosperms the pattern of venation differs in the two main groups. Venation is usually is parallel in monocotyledons, but is an interconnecting network in broad-leaved plants (dicotyledons). 

Many leaves are covered in trichomes (small hairs) which have a wide range of structures and functions. Some trichomes are prickles, some are scaled, some secrete substances such as oil. Carnivorous plants secrete digestive enzymes from trichomes.

The waxy cuticle is the waterproof, transparent outer surface of the leaf. It is waterproof to reduce water loss (transpiration) and transparent to allow light to enter the palisade cell. 

What leaves look like on the plant varies greatly. Closely related plants have the same kind of leaves because they have all descended from a common ancestor. The terms for describing leaf shape and pattern is shown, in illustrated form, at Wikibooks.


Different terms are usually used to describe leaf placement (phyllotaxis):


Leaves form a helix pattern centered around the stem, with (depending upon the species) the same angle of divergence. There is a regularity in these angles and they follow the numbers in a Fibonacci sequence. This tends to give the best chance for the leaves to catch light.

Two basic forms of leaves can be described considering the way the blade (lamina) is divided. 

Some leaves have a petiole (leaf stem). Sessile leaves do not: the blade attaches directly to the stem. Sometimes the leaf blade surrounds the stem, giving the impression that the shoot grows through the leaf.

In some "Acacia" species, such as the Koa Tree ("Acacia koa"), the petioles are expanded or broadened and function like leaf blades; these are called phyllodes. There may or may not be normal pinnate leaves at the tip of the phyllode.

A stipule, present on the leaves of many dicotyledons, is an appendage on each side at the base of the petiole resembling a small leaf. Stipules may be shed or not shed.

In the course of evolution, many species have leaves which are adapted to other functions.


War on Terrorism

The War on Terrorism, or War on Terror, is a campaign that the United States and some of its allies started to remove terrorist groups and to punish the states that sponsor terrorism. It replaced the Cold War. The former United States President Bush's argument was that the countries like North Korea, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Libya (also known as the Axis of Evil) were a direct threat to the United States and its allies. The term was typically used with a particular focus on militant Islamists and al-Qaeda.

The Administration of former U.S. President Barack Obama used the term "Overseas Contingency Operation".

Alkali metal

Alkali metals are the chemical elements in group 1 of the periodic table. They are silver-coloured when pure, soft and have only one valence electron. They like to make reactions in which they give up this single electron and then have a charge of +1. They react strongly with water and because of this, they have to be stored in oil. Alkali metals are the first group in the periodic table. They are never found in nature uncombined because they are unstable and they react fast to other elements. They bond well with all elements except the noble gases. When they are in air, they quickly turn black. 

The alkali metals are lithium (Li), sodium (Na), potassium (K), rubidium (Rb), caesium (sometimes written "cesium", although "caesium" is preferred) (Cs), and francium (Fr). Lithium is the least reactive. Although it was thought before that francium would be the most reactive, though it is very rare, it was more recently predicted that caesium is in fact more reactive than francium due to relativity.
Lithium Is a very light metal. It is soft, silver and you can cut it with a knife. 

Sodium is the most important alkali metal. One of the most important salts of sodium is sodium chloride (NaCl) (common 'table salt'). It also forms a hydroxide, sodium hydroxide (NaOH), which is commonly called 'caustic soda'. It is a very strong base.

Potassium is commonly found in bananas. 

Rubidium is a metal that can make things like fireworks red.

Caesium is a very heavy, poisonous metal and is the most reactive metal.

Francium is a very dangerous, radioactive metal. Not much is known about it.

Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl

Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl is a 2003 movie from Walt Disney Pictures. It's the first film of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies.

It was positively welcomed from both audiences and film critics and became one of the highest-grossing movies in cinema history.

When the movie begins, a young girl named Elizabeth Swann (Keira Knightley) is seen on a ship with her father, who is the major of a British colony in the Caribbean. Elizabeth sees a boy in the water. The crew of the ship saves him. He is named Will Turner (Orlando Bloom). Elizabeth finds a chain around his neck with a golden medallion. This leads her to believe that Will is a pirate. She takes the medallion and keeps it.

Eight years later, Elizabeth has grown up, and her father is now governor of Port Royal. James Norrington, a commodore in the Royal Navy, proposes to her. She accepts, despite the fact that she in love with Will Turner, who is her father's blacksmith.

When James Norrington proposes to her, she faints (seemingly overcome by Norrington's proposal, but she actually fainted because her corset was too tight, and she could not breathe.) and falls off the ledge into the water below. Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) sees her fall and rescues her. Despite this, James Norrington believes Sparrow should be arrested. Jack then threatens Elizabeth's life, and tries to escape. However, his escape fails due to Will Turner and Sparrow is taken to prison.

That night, the cursed crew of the "Black Pearl" attack Port Royal and kidnap Elizabeth. Jack Sparrow escapes his prison. He steals a ship to travel to Tortuga, a pirate port where he hopes to assemble a crew. Will Turner goes with him to rescue Elizabeth. Jack Sparrow went to Tortuga for the treasure, not for Elizabeth. On Will and Jack's journey to Tortuga, Will finds out his father was a pirate.

Elizabeth, on board the "Black Pearl", learns that the crew is under the curse of a chest of Aztec gold. They need the blood of each crew member to break the curse. However, Bootstrap Bill was killed, and they still need his blood, or the blood of his descendant. They believe Elizabeth is his descendant. They plan to spill her blood on the chest of Aztec gold in hopes to break the curse.

Will secretly takes Elizabeth to safety while the zombies of the Black Pearl invade the British ship positioned not far from the land. There is an epic fight between the zombies and the British, Jack Sparrow and Captain Barbossa (Captain of the Black Pearl), and Will Turner/Elizabeth Swan and some left over zombies.

Jack Sparrow uses his one shot to shoot Captain Barbossa and Will puts his blood on the Aztec Gold, causing the bullet to cause damage to Captain Barbosa.

The British win the fight against the zombies that are now humans. Jack Sparrow is captured by the British but Will Turner saves him from lynching and Jack escapes with the Black Pearl. Before Barbossa, he use to be the Captain of the Black Pearl.



1866

1866 was a year that started on a Monday.


Buenaventura Durruti

José Buenaventura Durruti Dumange (14 July 1896 – 20 November 1936) was a Spanish anarchist leader. He was born in the town of León. Durruti was a central figure of Spanish anarchism during the country's civil war of 1936-1939. He fought against fascism.

He robbed banks to use the money to help his friends escape prison. It is believed that he killed the bishop Juan Soldevilla. Some anarchists believed Soldevilla helped people who murdered people in labor unions.

He died in Madrid when he was killed by a person using a gun during the Spanish Civil War.

Chester

Chester is a city in the north-west of England. It is almost 2000 years old and was started by Romans. A person from Chester is called a Cestrian.

Chester is on the river Dee, and is the county town of the county of Cheshire. It is near to the country Wales. Almost 120,000 people live in Chester. It is just south of Liverpool.

During the Dark Ages, Chester came under attack from Viking raiders who sailed up the river in their longships. After the conquest of Britain by the Normans in 1066, William I created the first Earl of Chester who began the construction of Chester Castle.

By the Middle Ages, Chester had become a wealthy trading port: it was at this time that the Rows were built. However disaster befell the city during the English Civil War as Chester was besieged for two years before starvation forced its people to surrender. As the centuries passed, the harbour gradually silted up and by Georgian times the port was virtually gone. Today some of the original quay can still be seen near the Chester Racecourse.

During Victorian times the magnificent gothic-style Town Hall was built and the Eastgate Clock was erected in honour of Queen Victoria’s Diamond Jubilee.

Near to Chester is Chester Zoo, which is the biggest zoo in the United Kingdom. There are other interesting places in Chester, and many are connected to its history. For example, there is the old Roman amphitheatre. This is the biggest in the UK. The Rows are unusual shops. In the centre of the town, the main streets have two rows of shops, one on top of the other. The Rows have been part of Chester since the Middle Ages.Chester has oldest racecourse, Chester racecourse. The infamous Goteddsday football match took place on the field and was outlawed as a result in 1533.


The Secret of NIMH

The Secret of NIMH is an animated movie directed by Don Bluth and released by his studio United Artists in 1982. The movie was based on Robert C. O'Brien's children's book "Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH". (The main character's name was changed to "Brisby", so that its audiences would not take its sound for the Frisbee toy.) Bluth began the idea of creating this movie after disagreement with Disney over "The Fox and the Hound". Before that he worked with the previous Disney animated movie which was also about mice: "The Rescuers". Later he made another animated movie about mice called "An American Tail", which came out in 1986.

A widow mouse lives with her children (Martin, Teresa, Cynthia and Timothy). On her journey, she meets a comic, love-seeking crow, a group of rats and the National Institute of Mental Health. After the deaths of the enemy leader and magician, a magical amulet manipulates and restores a house shaped stone block from drowning in the mud. Bluth and Gold­man's next film, "All Dogs Go to Heaven", also used digital coloring via CAPS.


<nowiki>*</nowiki> It was Hartman's final movie.

In spite of its critical success, this movie had a mediocre run at the box office, mostly because of a much bigger rival, Steven Spielberg's E. T. (Ironically, Spielberg saw the Bluth movie and asked its director to work on "An American Tail".)

Many fans and critics have called "NIMH" Don Bluth's most important work and magnum opus and masterpiece. Even though this movie was not a big box office success, "An American Tail" and 1997's "Anastasia" became his most successful works in later years. The next day, however, Bluth approved of the idea for possible development, along with "Rock-a-Doodle".

In 1998, MGM released a direct-to-video sequel called "The Secret of NIMH 2: Timmy to the Rescue". In the sequel, Timothy goes to a place called Thorn Valley because he wants to become a hero like his father. His brother Martin has turned evil (although he does not want to), and Timothy must fight him in order to save the Rats of NIMH. At Thorn Valley Timothy learns from a young girl mouse that the mice who were thought to have been killed during the escape from NIMH are still alive, so he and the rats try to rescue them.

The sequel was hated by the fans of the first movie and the movie critics because of its clichéd and familiar storyline, and because many people thought that the magic of Don Bluth's dark and original "NIHM" was destroyed by the sequel, because MGM toned down the darkness of the story.


397

397 was a common year.



Nonmetal

Nonmetals or non-metals are chemical elements which do not have the properties of a metal. 

They gain electrons when reacting with a metal. They are generally not lustrous and are bad conductors of heat and electricity. Some are gases including: hydrogen, helium, oxygen, nitrogen, fluorine, neon or radon and others. An example of a solid that is a nonmetal is sulfur. It is yellow and not shiny at all. An example of a liquid that is a nonmetal is bromine. It is red. A non-metal is a good insulator for heat and cold. Usually, gases or brittle solids are non-metals. 

Elements on the periodic table can be classified as metal, semimetal, or non-metal. Five times more elements are metals than nonmetals. However, nonmetals are abundant and important. Two of the nonmetals—hydrogen and helium—make up over 99 per cent of the observable Universe, and one—oxygen—makes up close to half of the Earth's crust, oceans and atmosphere. Living organisms are also composed almost entirely of nonmetals, and nonmetals form many more compounds than metals.

Holly Marie Combs

Holly Marie Combs (born December 3, 1973 in San Diego, California) is an American actress. She is best known for working on the television series "Charmed". Before "Charmed", she work in the TV series "Picket Fences".

Bengal tiger

The Bengal tiger ("Panthera tigris tigris") is a tiger subspecies native to the Indian subcontinent. It lives in Bhutan, Nepal, Bangladesh and northern India. It is the National animal of Bangladesh.

The tiger's habitat includes tropical moist evergreen forests, tropical dry forests, tropical and subtropical moist deciduous forests, mangroves, subtropical and temperate upland forests, and alluvial grasslands.

In 2014 it became endangered by IUCN. There are less than 2,500 of these tigers. There are about 1,520–1,909 in India, 440 in Bangladesh, 124–229 in Nepal and 67–81 in Bhutan. New tiger census 2010 showed the population of tiger in India approximately 2,226 which is 30% more from 1706, counted in the year 2010.Bengal tigers are carnivores. Bengal tigers are apex predators. They eat deer, water buffalo, wild boar, snakes, fish, rabbits, rodents, birds, monkeys and even sloth bears and jackals. 

The Bengal tiger's coat is brownish-yellow or brownish-orange. Its stripes go from dark brown to black. The belly and the inside parts of the limbs are white. The tail is brownish-orange with black rings.

They are the second largest tiger, after the Siberian tiger also known as the Amur Tiger. Male Bengal tigers have a total length, including the tail, from . Females go from . The average weight of males is . Females are .

Taekwondo

Taekwondo (also spelled tae kwon do, taekwon-do, or more exactly taegwondo) is a martial art (system of fighting) of Korean origin, similar to the Japanese karate. It uses the hands and feet in order to attack or defend against an adversary, although some techniques use fingertips, elbows, or knees in order to strike the opponent. Taekwondo is a national sport in South Korea, "kyeorugi" is a sport event in the Olympic Games. In the Korean alphabet hangeul, "태" (跆) signifies "to strike with the foot"; "권" (拳) to "strike with the hand"; and "도" (道) signifies "way", "road" or "route". "Taekwondo" can therefore be translated as "way of the foot and of the fist".

Taekwondo refers to a great tradition of Korean martial arts (higher or under 2000 years), but exists in its current form only near 50 years. Today, it has been changed into a sport practiced very much. In the Olympic Games of Seoul 1988 and of Barcelona 1992 it became Olympic sport of exhibition and at present it has come to be Olympic sport of competition.

Taekwondo is best known for its use of kicks. This makes it different from other martial arts such as karate or certain forms of southern kung-fu. Kicking is important because the leg is the most powerful and longest body part that the martial artist can use as a weapon. Therefore, a fighter who kicks well can hurt his opponent without hurting himself.

One of the most important exercises is the act of doing "poomse" ("katas" in terminology of karate). The "poomses" are the arranged groups of movements of defense and of attack. They simulate a combat against diverse adversaries, and they are related directly to the different degrees of belts. They are done with the purpose to improve the equilibrium, the elasticity, the rapidity and the control of the different movements.

Taekwondo as a sport and as a form of exercise is popular among people of both sexes and many ages. Taekwondo develops force, speed, balance, flexibility, and stamina. It also involves mental focus. Breaking boards, for example, demonstrates a union of mental and physical discipline. Breaking a board with one's hand or foot requires both the physical mastery of the technique and a concentrated focus on one's force.

Even though some things in Tae Kwon Do have changed over the years, respect is not one of those things. Respect is the biggest part of Tae Kwon Do. Without respect Tae Kwon Do would not be the huge art it is today. Some of the things that have changed are the belts. The original colors are still the same, but every time you test you either receive a new belt or receive a stripe to place on you current belt. Legend has it that long ago there was just one belt. There still were colors though: white, the color the belt was originally; yellow, the color achieved thorough sweat soaking into the belt; green, a color that came though practicing outside and falling; blue, the color of the sky; red, the color of blood; and black, the color of all the dirt mixing with everything else on the belt.

There are several world-wide Taekwondo associations. The most known of them are:



Fish and chips

Fish and chips is a traditional British food that originally came from the UK. It is a popular kind of fast food in some parts of the world. As the name says, it is made of chips and a deep fried fish fillet.
Shops and restaurants that have fish and chips are easy to find in Australia and New Zealand. They are most common in England. The first Fish and Chips were found in the East end of London in the late 19th Century. So they are not as traditional as we think.

Traditionally, cod, haddock, or (rarely) flounder are used to make fish and chips. Of these, cod is by far the most popular. Other fish with white meat can be used as well, for example whiting or plaice. Many places that serve fish and chips have more than one kind of fish. The customers can then choose what kind of fish they want...

The fish is always dipped in batter, which is a kind of liquid mixture which hardens upon frying. After that, it will be fried for a short time. The phrase 'fish & chips' implies that it will be fried in batter; of course, in a fish restaurant, grilling or boiling would be alternatives. Fish cooked like that do not have batter. Typically Fish and Chips is eaten with lots of vinegar and salt. 
The chips are made from sliced potatoes. They are larger than French fries. Large slices of potatoes are fried.

Very often there are other side-dishes that are served with Fish and chips (also called a 'chippie' or 'fish shop'). They include mushy peas, onions, gherkins(which are baby cucumbers),baked beans and saveloys (long sausages). Sometimes, you can ask for 'scrapings' which are the bits of crunchy batter that have fallen off the fish when it was frying.
In Northern England there is also the variety chips and gravy (a little sauce) on the chips. It is less common in the rest of the country but sometimes you can also find 'curry sauce' in other parts of the UK. In Australia and New Zealand, fish and chip takeaway shops often offer sides like corn dogs and grilled cheese sandwich's.

Fish and chips are also sold out of mobile shops. Very often the shops and restaurants that serve fish and chips do not have a license to serve alcohol. Some nutritionists criticize fish and chips, because the meal contains a large amount of fat.


Marxist economics

Marxist economics is based on the economic theories of Philosopher Karl Marx. Marx's theories explain the "laws of motion" of production and exchange under capitalism. This theory was used to argue against the middle class theories of economics common at that time. Marx wanted this to be a tool for the working class (the proletariat) to use to overthrow capitalism and replace it with socialism, then with communism. Socialism would be a step towards the disappearance of the state, and communism would be, according to Marx, a society where goods and services would be distributed "to each according to his need, from each according to his ability."

Marxist used the Labor Theory of Value, which says that the value of a commodity is determined by the labor required to produce it. More specifically, Marx defined the value of a commodity as the socially necessary labor time required to produce it, the average (taken across all of society) time required to produce a given commodity under the average conditions of production. It follows from this that the working class is responsible for the production of all of the wealth consumed by all members of society.

Marx viewed the capitalist class (the bourgeoisie), those who control the means of production, as leech-like and unnecessary; they are not necessary for the production of the goods society must consume in order to meet human needs and reproduce itself. Rather, Marx saw the capitalist class as getting wealth for itself by the exploitation of the working class. Marx argued that wages under capitalism are determined not by the value created by workers during a given period of time, but by the cost of their labor power (ability to work). He argued that the cost of labor power is determined by the cost of the goods and services (food, clothing, shelter, child care, education etc.) nececssary to maintain and reproduce workers. So, capitalists do not pay workers for the value they create: they extract surplus value, the difference between the value created by a worker and the cost of their labor power (their wages), from the working class. In other words, surplus value is unpaid labor performed by the working class for the capitalist class, which Marx termed exploitation.

Marx argued that because the capitalist class enriches itself by the exploitation of the working class, the economic interests of the two classes are opposed and therefore incompatible. He saw the dispossession of the capitalists and the seizure of control of the means of production by the working class as historically progressive in that it would bring about the end of class society, remove the contradictions inherent under capitalism (a result of the antagonism of the two major classes, the bourgeoisie and proletariat), and qualitatively increase the scope of human development in many areas.


South African rand

The rand (sign: R; code: ZAR) is the South African currency. 100 cents make up one rand. 
The rand is named after an area near Johannesburg called the Rand, which is famous for its gold mines.

The symbol for the rand is a capital R, written before the sum. Thus, one hundred rand is written as R100. The plural form is "rand" in both English and Afrikaans.
In February 2018, it was announced that a new series of banknotes would be released in commemoration of what would have been Nelson Mandela's centennial year. This series would include notes of all denominations, 10-, 20-, 50-, 100- and 200-Rand. These notes would circulate alongside existing notes and be released on 18 July 2018, which was the 100th anniversary of his birth.[34] The notes depict the standard face of Nelson Mandela on the obverse, but instead of the Big Five animals on the reverse, they show a younger Mandela with different iconic scenes related to his legacy. These scenes comprise: the rolling hills of the Eastern Cape, featuring Mandela’s humble birthplace of Mvezo (10-Rand); the home of Mandela in Soweto, where he defined his political life alongside other struggle icons (20-Rand); the site where Mandela was captured near Howick, following 17 months in hiding, where a monument has been erected in his honour (50-Rand); the place of Mandela's 27-year imprisonment at Robben Island (100-Rand); the inauguration of Mandela as president at the Union Buildings in 1994 (200-Rand).

The Care Bears Movie

The Care Bears Movie is a Canadian/American animated movie that came out on March 29, 1985. It was produced by Nelvana Limited of Canada, and was distributed by The Samuel Goldwyn Company. It was the first in a trilogy(or set of three) of big-screen movies that had the Care Bears in lead roles, and the first to be based directly on a toy line. The movie's success led to a spin-off television series that premiered on ABC a year after its release.

There were well-known celebrities among the movie's starring line-up, such as Carole King, who wrote and sung its opening theme. John Sebastian and NRBQ also contributed to its score. The movie also had the voices of Mickey Rooney, Canadian actress Georgia Engel, and voice actress Cree Summer.

It was made as a full-length commercial for the title toys, and had mixed views from critics. But its $23 million gross at the box office made it the biggest animated work outside the Disney market when it came out. It is one of the most profitable releases in the animation industry (its cost was $3 million). The movie saved Nelvana from closing down when "Rock & Rule", the company's first production, did not do well.

The Care Bears Movie holds financial records for non-Disney animation (at the time it first came out), for Canadian moviemaking (only rivalled by "Porky's" and, more recently, "The Wild"), and for its distributor Samuel Goldwyn.

Its director, Arna Selznick, was one of three women to ever lead the production for a full-length cartoon. To this day, she is proud of these efforts, though she was aware of the strategy to promote it.

In this movie, an orphanage caretaker named Mr. Cherrywood tells the story of how the Care Bears come to help two children who do not care for anyone (Kim and Jason). The Care Bears live in Care-a-lot, a cloud-filled place up in the sky. As the two of them become friends with the Bears, a carnival magician's helper, Nicholas, turns from good to bad, because of an evil spirit he got from an old book.

When the boy's evil grows more and more, the Care Bears and their Cousins (from the Forest of Feelings), along with Kim and Jason, come back to Earth to end his evil doings. In turn, the carnival and the whole world will be saved.


1700

1700 (MDCC) was an exceptional common year starting on Friday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Monday in the Julian calendar. It was also the last year of the 17th century. As of the start of 1700, the Gregorian calendar was 10 days ahead of the Julian calendar, which remained in localized use until 1923.

As of March 1 (O.S. February 19), where then Julian calendar acknowledged a leap day and the Gregorian calendar didn't, the Julian calendar fell one day further behind, bringing the difference to 11 days until February 28 (O.S. February 17), 1800. In Sweden, the year started in the Julian calendar and remained so until February 28. Then, by skipping the leap day, the Swedish calendar was introduced, letting February 28 be followed by March 1, giving the entire year the same pattern as a common year starting on Monday. This calendar, being ten days behind the Gregorian and one day ahead of the Julian, lasts until 1712.


366

366 was a common year.




1322

1322 was a common year.




1205

1205 (MCCV) was .




Victoria (state)

Victoria is a state in Australia, in the south-east corner of the country. Its capital, largest and most-populated city is Melbourne. Geelong is Victoria's second biggest city, Ballarat is the third and Bendigo the fourth.

At the end of 2015 Victoria's population was an estimated 5,996,400. After British settlement in Australia in 1788, it was called the Port Phillip District of New South Wales. In 1851, it became an independent colony. It was named after Queen Victoria. In 1901 it became a state in Australia.

Victoria's premier is Daniel Andrews from the Labor Party.

Victoria has the highest population density of a state in Australia. Highways lead to and from population centres, mainly Melbourne and other major cities. Rail transport in Victoria is common. Major railway line operators include Metro Trains Melbourne, V/Line and Pacific National.

Melbourne Airport is the biggest domestic and international airport for Victoria. It is linked to Melbourne by the Tullamarine Freeway.

The Port of Melbourne is the largest port for cargo in Australia, located in Melbourne near Yarra River. Additional seaports are at Westernport Bay, Geelong, and Portland.

See main article Melbourne.

The city of Melbourne has many attractions, including shopping, the Crown Casino, Melbourne Zoo, Melbourne Museum, Melbourne Aquarium, Melbourne Docklands, Southbank and St. Kilda. Melbourne is also the home of cultural and sporting icons such as The Arts Centre, National Gallery of Victoria and the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) which held the 1956 Summer Olympic Games.

The historic cities of Ballarat, Beechworth, Bendigo, Castlemaine, Maldon and Daylesford which were all towns built on the goldfields during the 1850s.

Natural attractions include The Twelve Apostles on the Great Ocean Road, Wilson's Promontory, The Grampians, Buchan Caves, Gippsland Lakes and the penguins on Phillip Island. The Dandenong Ranges just east of Melbourne has the Puffing Billy Railway and Healesville Sanctuary.

The Murray River which is the state's northern border, has towns including Echuca and Mildura. Boating, fishing and other water sports are popular along the river.

Geelong, south west of Melbourne on Corio Bay, has many beaches, and hosts the Australian International Airshow. Nearby is the Bellarine Peninsula, which has many famous beaches such as Bells Beach, Torquay and Queenscliff.

The Mornington Peninsula is well known for its beaches and wineries.

The Victorian Alpine Region in the Australian Alps is popular for skiing with resorts at Falls Creek, Mount Hotham, and Mount Buffalo.

Victoria is the home of AFL, with ten of the eighteen clubs of the Australian Football League based in Victoria. The traditional Grand Final is held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on the last Saturday in September.

Victoria's cricket team, the Victorian Bushrangers play in the national Pura Cup cricket competition.

Victoria has one team each represented in the National Rugby League and the Australian Rugby Championship, the Melbourne Storm and Melbourne Rebels respectively.

Victoria's climate varies greatly despite its small size. It ranges from the snowfields in the north east where the temperatures can be below freezing, to the dry semi-arid Mallee area of the north west where it can get very hot.

Overall, the southern position of Victoria means it tends to be a bit cooler and wetter than the other Australian mainland states.

The hottest temperature recorded in Victoria was 48.8 °C at Hopetoun, on the 9 February, 2009.
The coldest temperature recorded in Victoria was -11.7 °C at Omeo, on 15 June, 1965.
The highest daily rainfall was 375mm at Tanbryn, on 22 March, 1983.

Victoria was the scene of much volcanic activity which started 40 million years ago. The Western Volcanic Plains which cover 10% of the state are the third largest volcanic plains in the world. Most of the plains were formed about six million years ago. There are about 400 volcanoes on the plains.

It is unknown exactly when humans settled in Victoria. A site near Keilor has evidence of Australian Aborigines living near on the Maribyrnong River more than 31,000 years ago. Victoria was one of the most populated areas of Australia. The Aborigines used fire-stick farming to burn the volcanic plains regularly, and they became some of the biggest grass plains in the world. This supported large numbers of animals such as kangaroos and wallabies. The Kulin federation were a large language group that lived on the plains and included the Watha wurrung, Boon wurrung, Woi wurrung, Daung wurrung and Djadja wurrung people. Other groups in Victoria included the Jari Jari, Ladji Ladji, Wemba Wemba, Wergaia, Jardwadjali, Gunnai, Waywurru and the Taungurung. In the rivers, creeks and wetlands the Aboriginals had built large fish traps to catch both fish and eels. In the Yarra River wetlands, some of these traps had stone walls about high.

Within ten years of the British settlement at Sydney in 1788, explorers began looking at the coast of Victoria. The first settlement in Victoria was at Sorrento, just inside the entrance to Port Phillip Bay. A small group of 51 soldiers, 308 convicts, 17 free settlers, 12 officials, one missionary and his wife, led by Lieutenant-Governor David Collins set up camp at the end of 1803. They had come from England to set up a colony because the British government was worried that the French may try to claim the area. However they were unable to find water and gave up the settlement within six weeks. They went further south and began the settlement of Hobart, Tasmania. While at Sorrento, a convict named William Buckley escaped. He lived with Aboriginal tribes until meeting with Europeans again when Melbourne was settled in 1835. On 12 December 1826, Captain Samuel Wright, Lieutenant Burchill, explorer William Hovell and 21 convicts tried to start a settlement near Corinella, on Westernport Bay. This was also unsuccessful and the group went back to Sydney on 19 February 1828.

Although the two official attempts to settle in Victoria had failed, there were a number of unofficial settlements along the coast. From 1820 small groups of people lived at various places along the south coast, including Phillip Island. They were hunting seals and Southern Right Whales. The Launceston Fishing Company had a base at Portland Bay. These hunters were often in conflict with the Aboriginal communities. The Europeans often captured Aboriginal women to use as slaves and for sex. Edward Henty moved to Portland Bay and began sheep farming in December 1834. These settlements were against the law, as the British government was trying to restrict the areas of settlement. They argued that they did not have the ability to provide support to remote and isolated settlements. Repeated requests for official permission to settle in Victoria were refused by the government.

In 1835 a group of settlers, farmers and government officials from Tasmania formed the Port Phillip Association. Led by John Batman, who had heard about the grass plains from William Hovell, the group decided to ignore the British government and move flocks of sheep to Victoria. Batman landed at Indented Head, Victoria on 29 May 1835. He began exploring Port Phillip Bay. On 6 June 1835 he met with Aboriginal leaders near Merri Creek, and made a treaty. Under this treaty the Aboriginals agreed to allow Batman to use their land for his sheep. In return, they could continue to stay on the land, they would be provided with food and goods, and they would receive protection from other Europeans. This was the only treaty ever made with the Australian Aborigines. On 26 August 1835, the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Richard Bourke, said the treaty was against the law. The land belonged to the crown, and did not belong to the Aboriginals.

At the end of 1835, the British government changed its policy on settlement in eastern Australia. People were allowed to use large areas of the country for sheep farming. If people paid a £10 fee, they could settle wherever they liked. These farmers became known as "squatters", as they "sat" on the land, which they did not own. The effect of this new policy meant that between 1835 and 1838, more land was settled than had been since 1788. It has been described as the fastest land occupation in history. By 1849, just 1019 squatters had taken over 17.7 million hectares of land.

The effect of the fast land occupation had terrible consequences for the Victorian Aborigines. The squatters moved their sheep onto the grasslands that had once been the Aborigines main source of food. The squatters built their farms near the waterholes and creeks where the Aborigines had camped for thousands of years. The Aborigines began to kill sheep to eat, and attempted to stop people from taking their land. The early settlers tried to remove the Aborigines from the land. Sometimes they were chased away, and sometimes they were murdered. For example, at Murdering Creek, near Camperdown, 35-40 men, women and children were shot dead by the manager of Glenorminston Station, Frederick Taylor and several of his farm workers.

Gold was found in Victoria at Clunes on 28 June 1851. With further discoveries at Ballarat, Bendigo and Castlemaine there was a huge increase in the population as people came from all around the world.


Chaos theory

Chaos theory is a part of mathematics. It looks at certain systems that are very sensitive. A very small change may make the system behave completely differently. 

Very small changes in the starting position of a chaotic system make a big difference after a while. This is why even large computers cannot tell the weather for more than a few days in the future. Even if the weather was perfectly measured, a small change or error will make the prediction completely wrong. Since even a butterfly flapping its wings can make enough wind to change weather, a chaotic system is sometimes called the "butterfly effect". No computer knows enough to tell how the small wind will change the weather.

Some systems (like weather) might appear random at first look, but chaos theory says that these kinds of systems or patterns may not be. If people pay close enough attention to what is really going on, they might notice the chaotic patterns.

The main idea of chaos theory is that a minor difference at the start of a process can make a major change in it as time progresses. Quantum chaos theory is a new idea in the study of chaos theory. It deals with quantum physics.

As an example, take a pendulum that is attached at some point, and swings freely. Connecting a second pendulum to the first will make the system completely different. It is very hard to start in exactly the same position again - a change in starting position so small that it cannot even be seen can quickly cause the pendulum swing to become different from what it was before. 

A very important part to the study of chaos theory is the study of mathematics functions that are known as "fractals". Fractal functions work like chaotic systems: a small change in the starting values can change the value of the function in ways that look random. Due to the fact that they are mathematical, they are easy to study.


First World

First World or Developed World is a term used in geopolitics and economics to refer to the richer and more developed nations. In these countries, the majority of the people are in the middle class and enjoy a good standard of living. This term is being used less, as terms like "global North" and "developed world" become more common.


Mulan (1998 movie)

Mulan is a 1998 American animated musical adventure movie produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. It is the 36th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is set in old-time China and based on local legend. The movie stars the voices of Ming-Na Wen and Eddie Murphy. "Mulan" was a success with its fans because it was different from Disney's other movies in terms of music and artistic design. The music was written by Jerry Goldsmith who also wrote the music for another animated movie, 1982's "The Secret of NIMH". Christina Aguilera sang "Reflections" or the movie's soundtrack. A direct-to-video sequel, "Mulan II", was released on February 1, 2005.

In 2018, Disney announced that they were making a live action remake. It was released on Disney+ in 2020 for a premium fee of $29.99. It got a lot of criticism for not being like the original and its' historical accuracies.

An army of Huns, arrive and try to invade China. The Chinese army recruits each man from every family for them to start a war. Mulan's father suffers an injury and he cannot fight. Mulan disguises herself as a boy and enters the army. A dragon named Mushu accompanies her.

At first, Mulan is not taken seriously by the other soldiers but during training, eventually proves that she is better than what they thought. Mulan secretly falls in love with the commander, Li Shang.

The army is attacked by the Huns in the snowy mountains. Mulan uses a cannon to start an avalanche which buries and kills the Huns. Mulan is hurt by a sword, and the doctor who examines her finds that she is not a boy but a girl. Li Shang and the Chinese army leave Mulan alone in the mountains. 

The Chinese Army arrives at the Emperor's palace in the Imperial City for victory celebrations. Mulan sees that several Huns, including their leader, Shan Yu, have survived the avalanche. She goes to Imperial City to tell Li Shang but nobody believes her because they are celebrating the end of the war.

Shan Yu and the Huns attack the palace and capture the Emperor. Mulan and her soldier friends dress up as palace women so that they can get inside and rescue the Emperor. Shan Yu is left trapped on the palace roof and dies in a firework display. The Emperor thanks Mulan and she returns home. The Emperor tells Li Shang to follow her if he loves her. Li Shang arrives at Mulan's town and is invited to have dinner with the family.


Additional voices were provided by Tom Amundsen, Arminae Austen, Bob Bergen, Susan Boyd, Steve Bulen, Rodger Bumpass, Cam Clarke, Cooper Cowgill, David Cowgill, Debi Derryberry, Sally Dworsky, Bill Farmer, Don Fullilove, Elisa Gabrielli, Jack Gilpin, John Goodman, Jess Harnell, Linda Kerns, Matthew Labyorteaux, Conan Lee, Dana Lee, Edie Lehmann-Boddicker, Luisa Leschin, Sherry Lynn, Christina Ma, Danny Mann, Susan McBride, Edie McClurg, Mickie McGowan, Sean Cameron Michael, Haunani Minn, Edie Mirman, Mark Moseley, Paul Pape, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Peter Renaday, Maurita Thornburgh-Phillips, John Walcutt, Claudette Wells and Joe Whyte.


1823

1823 was a common year.



1861

1861 was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar.


1829

1829 was a common year.


Baltimore

Baltimore is the biggest city in the U.S. state of Maryland. In 2020 it had about 585,708 people living there. It is not in any county, so it is called an independent city. It is next to the Chesapeake Bay and used to be an important port for trade by ships. There is still some shipping but the Inner Harbor is now mostly famous for shopping and restaurants, and also for the National Aquarium and other museums.

Baltimore is home to the Ravens (football) and Orioles (baseball), both professional sports teams. Its main newspaper is the "Baltimore Sun." There is a place for horse races in the city called Pimlico. There are many colleges and universities in Baltimore, like Johns Hopkins University.

The city was made in 1729 and is named after the British Lord Baltimore who started the colony of Maryland. The mayor of this city is Stephanie Rawlings-Blake. She is the second woman to be the mayor of Baltimore, the first was Sheila Dixon. Many governors of Maryland were mayor of Baltimore first. One famous thing that happened in Baltimore was in the War of 1812, when the British attacked the city and Francis Scott Key wrote a song about it called "The Star-Spangled Banner". It is now the national song of the United States.

Some famous people from Baltimore are the Supreme Court judge Thurgood Marshall, the poet and writer Edgar Allen Poe, the baseball player Babe Ruth, the singer Billie Holiday, and the movie director John Waters.

In 1706, the colony of Maryland's General Assembly created the Port of Baltimore at Locust Point. It was built for tobacco trading. The Town of Baltimore was founded on July 30, 1729. It was named after Cecilius Calvert, the British Lord Baltimore. Calvert was the first Proprietary Governor of the Province of Maryland. Baltimore grew quickly in the 1700s as a granary (place for storing cereals and grains) for the sugar plantations in the Caribbean.
Baltimore was important in the time leading up to the American Revolution. Leaders like Jonathan Plowman Jr. got the city to refuse to pay taxes to Britain. Merchants (people who buy and sell things) signed agreements to not trade with Britain. The Second Continental Congress met in the Henry Fite House from December 1776 to February 1777. This made Baltimore the capitol of the United States during this time. In 1796, after the war, the Town of Baltimore, nearby Jonestown, and an area called Fells Point were incorporated as the City of Baltimore. (This means that these areas all merged and became the City of Baltimore.) The city was a part of Baltimore County until 1851. It then became an independent city.

During the War of 1812, the Battle of Baltimore happened in the city. The British attacked Baltimore on the night of September 13, 1814. This was right after they burned Washington D.C.. United States soldiers from Fort McHenry defended the Inner Harbor. Francis Scott Key watched the battle from a British ship in the harbor. He wrote the poem "The Star-Spangled Banner" about the attack. Later, "The Star-Spangled Banner" became the official National Anthem of the United States.

After the war, the number of people who lived in the city grew quickly. The National Road (now part of U.S. Route 40) and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) connected the city with big markets in the Midwest. This made Baltimore a very important shipping and manufacturing center. Baltimore was nicknamed "the Monumental City" by President John Quincy Adams in 1827. During an event, Adams gave a toast and said: "Baltimore: the Monumental City – [m]ay the days of her safety be as prosperous and happy, as the days of her dangers have been trying and triumphant." In 1835, the Baltimore bank riots happened. These were one of the worst riots of the antebellum South. (The "antebellum" period is the time right before the American Civil War.)

During the American Civil War, Maryland did not secede from the Union. (That is, Maryland stayed a part of the Union and did not join the Confederacy.) When Union soldiers marched through the city at the start of the war, some people attacked the soldiers. This started the Baltimore riot of 1861. Four soldiers and 12 civilians were killed. After the riot, Union soldiers occupied (stayed in) Baltimore. During the war, Maryland was governed directly by the federal government and the state government did not have any power. This was to keep the state from seceding (leaving the Union). After the war ended in April 1865, Maryland began governing itself again.

During the 1870s there was an economic depression called the "Panic of 1873." After the Panic, the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad company decided to pay its workers less. This caused the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. These strikes stopped train service in Cumberland in western Maryland. On July 20, 1877, the Maryland Governor, John Lee Carroll, ordered the Maryland Army National Guard to stop the strikes. People who supported the railroad workers attacked the national guard soldiers. Soldiers from the 6th Regiment fired their guns at the crowd. 10 people were killed, and 25 people were hurt. This started a riot. Trains were damaged and parts of Camden Station were burned. US Army soldiers came to Baltimore to protect the railroad and end the strike. The riot and strike ended on July 21–22, 1877.

The Great Baltimore Fire started on February 7, 1904. It burned for 30 hours and destroyed 1,500 buildings. More than 70 blocks of downtown burned to the ground. The fire caused about $150 million of damage (US$ million in 2024.)

The city grew bigger by annexing (absorbing) suburbs from nearby counties. The last suburb was added in 1918. The city added parts of Baltimore County and Anne Arundel County. In 1948, the state constitution was amended (changed). It now required a special vote by citizens before an area could be added to the city. This stopped the expansion (growth) of the city.

In 1950, the city was 23.8% black. By 1970, it was 46.4% black. After Martin Luther King, Jr. was murdered in Memphis, Tennessee on April 4, 1968, the Baltimore riot of 1968 started. It lasted until April 12, 1968. The riot cost the city about $10 million (US$ million in 2024). During the riot, 11,000 Maryland National Guard soldiers and US Army soldiers tried to protect the city. It is possible to see some effects of the riots today. Parts of North Avenue, Howard Street, Gay Street, and Pennsylvania Avenue are barren, empty, and not taken care of.

During the 1970s, Baltimore's downtown area, called the "Inner Harbor," was run down and neglected. It was full of empty and abandoned warehouses. The city began trying to redevelop the area. The Baltimore Convention Center was opened in 1979. Harborplace, a shopping and restaurant area, opened in 1980. The National Aquarium in Baltimore (Maryland's largest tourist destination) and the Baltimore Museum of Industry opened in 1981. In 1992, the Baltimore Orioles baseball team moved from Memorial Stadium to Oriole Park at Camden Yards near the harbor. Six years later the Baltimore Ravens football team moved into M&T Bank Stadium next to Camden Yards.

The National Register of Historic Places lists 280 historical properties in Baltimore city.

Baltimore is in north-central Maryland. It is on the Patapsco River, close to where it empties into the Chesapeake Bay. It is on the fall line between the Piedmont Plateau and the Atlantic Coastal Plain. (The "fall line" is a phrase in geology that means that this is a place where two different kinds of earth meet.) The fall line splits Baltimore into a "lower city" and "upper city."

At the harbor, the city is at sea level. The highest point is near Pimlico in the northwest. There the elevation is .

According to the 2010 census, the city has a total area of . This is of land and of water. The total area of Baltimore City is 12.07% water.

Baltimore is in the humid subtropical climate zone ("Cfa".) This is according to the Köppen climate classification

July is usually the hottest month of the year. The average temperature in July is . Summer is usually very humid. The highest temperature on record is in 1936.

January is the coldest month of the year. Sometimes wind from the subtropics brings springlike weather during winter. At night, winds from the Arctic make temperatures drop into the teens (in Fahrenheit; less than -7 °C.) Some nights the temperature drops to the single digits (less than -12 °C.) The coldest temperature on record is from 1934.

Downtown Baltimore and the parts of the city that are on the coast are usually warmer than other parts of Baltimore. This is because of the urban heat island effect. Also the Chesapeake Bay acts to moderate the effects of temperature. This means that the water helps keep the temperature from changing greatly.

Baltimore gets a lot of rain during the whole year. There is no "rainy season" or "dry season." This is normal in most cities on the East Coast of the United States. Every month, about of precipitation (rain, snow, sleet, etc.) falls in Baltimore. The total rainfall yearly average is around . There are usually about 105 sunny days in a year. There are lots of rain showers and thunderstorms during spring, summer, and fall. In the winter, there are longer but lighter rain showers, and less sunshine and more clouds. It sometimes snows in the winter. The average snowfall is .

Baltimore has architecture in every style from the last 200-plus years. Many famous architects have designed buildings in the city. Some of these architects are Benjamin Latrobe, George A. Frederick, John Russell Pope, Mies Van Der Rohe and I. M. Pei.

The city has some buildings that are thought to be important to the history of architecture. Baltimore Basilica (1806–1821) was designed by Benjamin Latrobe in the neoclassical style. It is the oldest Roman Catholic Cathedral in the United States. The Municipal Museum of Baltimore, often called the Peale Museum, was build in 1813 by Robert Cary Long, Sr. It was built for Rembrandt Peale and is the first building in the United States designed specifically to be a museum. The McKim Free School, built by Isaac McKim in 1822, shows the interest of early American architects in ancient Greek art.

The Phoenix Shot Tower (1828) was the tallest building in the United States until the Civil War. It is tall. The tower was build without scaffolding. The Sun Iron Building (1851) was the first iron-front building. Brown Memorial Presbyterian Church (1870) has stained glass windows by Louis Comfort Tiffany. It has been called "one of the most significant buildings in this city, a treasure of art and architecture" by "Baltimore Magazine". The 1845 Greek Revival style Lloyd Street Synagogue is one of the oldest synagogues in the United States.

The Baltimore World Trade Center was built in 1977 by architect I.M. Pei. The building is in the shape of an equilateral pentagon (it has five equal sides.) It is the tallest building of this shape in the world.

Oriole Park at Camden Yards is considered by many to be the most beautiful baseball park in Major League Baseball. It is designed to be "retro style". The park has inspired many other cities to build their own retro ballparks. Camden Yards and the National Aquarium have helped revive the Inner Harbor. The area used to be an industrial district of run-down and abandoned warehouses. Today it is a lively commercial district full of bars, restaurants, and stores.

Baltimore is officially split into nine regions. These regions are based on geography. Each region is patrolled by their own Baltimore Police Department district. These regions are: Northern, Northwestern, Northeastern, Western, Central, Eastern, Southern, Southwestern, and Southeastern. Locals sometimes split the city into "East Baltimore" and "West Baltimore" along Charles Street. Other locals sometimes split the city into "North Baltimore" and "South Baltimore" along Baltimore Street.

The Central district includes Downtown Baltimore, Harborplace, The Camden Yards Sports Complex (Oriole Park at Camden Yards and M&T Bank Stadium), the Convention Center, and the National Aquarium in Baltimore. It is the city's main commercial area. It also has many nightclubs, bars, restaurants, shopping centers, and other attractions. Many of the city's key businesses are in this area as well. The University of Maryland, Baltimore campus, University of Maryland Medical System, Maryland Institute College of Art, the Peabody Institute of music, the Lyric Opera House, The Walters Art Museum, and The Joseph Meyerhoff Symphony Hall are also in the central district.

The Northern District is north of the Central district. Loyola University Maryland, The Johns Hopkins University and College of Notre Dame of Maryland are in this district. Some of the richer residential neighborhoods are also here. The neighborhood of Roland Park, the first planned suburban community in America, is one of these richer neighborhoods. The borders of the district are made by The Alameda on the east and Pimlico Road on the west.

The Southern district is the part of the city below the Inner Harbor and east of the B&O Railroad tracks. It is a mix of industrial and residential areas. It is also a mix of many demographics, cultures, and ethnicities. It is home to the ethnically diverse neighborhood of Locust Point, the historic neighborhood Federal Hill, and poor residential neighborhoods like Cherry Hill. There are two Port of Baltimore terminals in this district. The old Domino Sugar plant is also here.

The Northeastern district is mostly residential. It is home to Morgan State University. Today it is mostly African-American. The district is bordered by the city line to the north and east; Sinclair Lane, Erdman Avenue, and Pulaski Highway on the south; and The Alameda on the west.

The Eastern district is mostly poor, African-American residential neighborhoods. There are entire blocks of abandoned buildings. The district is also dangerous and has a problem with drug trafficking. For this reason, the TV show "The Wire" was often filmed in this district. This area is also home to Johns Hopkins Hospital and Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. The district is bordered by Erdman Avenue, Sinclair Lane, and Orleans Street.

The Southeastern district is a mix of industrial and residential areas. Neighborhoods in this district usually have a mix of races and cultures. The district is bordered by Orleans Street, the Inner Harbor, the city line, and the Baltimore harbor.

The Northwestern district is mostly residential. It is also home to the Pimlico Race Course and Sinai Hospital. Until the 1960s, Baltimore's Jewish community was based in the Park Heights neighborhood. Since then, there has been "white flight" and the neighborhood today is almost all black. Northern Parkway is a dividing line in the district. North of the parkway, the neighborhoods are mostly white. Some of these are Mount Washington and Cheswolde. South of the parkway, the neighborhoods are mostly black. The borders of the district are made up by the county line on the north and west, Gwynns Falls Parkway on the south and Pimlico Road on the east.

The Western district is the home of Coppin State University, Mondawmin Mall, and Edmondson Village. These are important to the culture, economy and history of the city's African American community. This district used to be the home to many middle and upper class African Americans, but they have moved away since. Today, more than 45% of people living in some neighborhoods have income levels below the poverty line. Some of the crime from this district was used in the TV show "The Wire". The district is west of downtown. Its borders are Gwynns Falls Parkway, Fremont Avenue, and Baltimore Street.

The Southwestern district is a mix of industrial parks and residential areas. St. Agnes Hospital is in this district. It has Baltimore County to the west, Baltimore Street to the north, and the downtown area to the east.

The City of Baltimore is next to several communities. All of these are unincorporated census-designated places.
Baltimore is sometimes called the "city of neighborhoods." This name comes from the fact that it has 72 official historic districts (areas). People of one ethnic group mainly live in each one of these areas. Some of the most important today are downtown. These are the Inner Harbor, Fells Point, and Little Italy. The Inner Harbor has lots of hotels, shops, and museums. Many tourists visit the Inner Harbor. Fells Point used to be a place where sailors went for entertainment. Today it has been rebuilt and cleaned up. This is the neighborhood in the movie "Sleepless in Seattle". Little Italy is where the Italian-American people live and work. Nancy Pelosi grew up in this neighborhood. She used to be Speaker of the House in Congress.

Another important neighborhood is Mount Vernon. This neighborhood is the center of culture and art in Baltimore. There are many important monuments and museums there. One important monument is the Washington Monument. This monument was built in the 1800s in a plaza. It is older than the Washington Monument in Washington, D.C..

Every year there is an art festival called Artscape. The festival is in the Bolton Hill neighborhood. This is very close to the Maryland Institute College of Art. Artscape is called the "largest free arts festival in America." Another art festival that happens in Baltmore is the Maryland Film Festival. It happens every year in May. At the Film Festival, movies are shown at the Charles Theatre. (The Charles Theatre is an old cinema.)

One of Baltimore's nicknames is "Charm City." Some advertisers wanted to make the city's reputation better. They started using the name in 1975.

People in Baltimore speak English. They have a very unique accent and way of speaking (dialect). For example, they pronounce "Baltimore" as "Balamer" or "Balmer." The Baltimore dialect is sometimes called "Baltimorese." It is a kind of Mid-Atlantic English. People from Baltimore will often call each other "Hon."

There are movies that parody (make fun of) the way people from Baltimore talk. A lot of these movies are made by John Waters. He is a movie maker from Baltimore. Most of Waters's movies were made in Baltimore. "Pink Flamingos" and "Hairspray" are some of these movies. Waters also wrote the musical version of "Hairspray."

Many very famous and important people were born or raised in Baltimore. Some of these are:


Baltimore used to be mostly industrial. There was a lot of steel processing, shipping, car manufacturing, and transportation. Deindustrialization happened, and Baltimore lost a lot of jobs that paid a lot of money and did not need a lot of training or skill. Today, most of the jobs in Baltimore are service economy jobs. These jobs do not pay very much. 90% of jobs are service jobs today.

In July 2012, the unemployment rate was 11%. Also in 2012, the steel mill (factory) at Sparrow's Point closed. This will mean more people will lose their jobs. 25% of people who live in Baltimore, and 37% of all children living in Baltimore, live in poverty.

Johns Hopkins Hospital is in Baltimore. Some big companies from Baltimore are Under Armour, Cordish Company, and Royal Farms. There is a big sugar refinery in Baltimore. It is owned by American Sugar Refining.

There are eight Interstate Highways in Baltimore. These are:
Some of these highways do not connect to each other. I-70 stops at a parking lot just inside of the city. This is because of "freeway revolts" that happened in Baltimore. The interstate highways were supposed to go through downtown Baltimore, but the people in the city did not want this to happen. Barbara Mikulski, now a United States Senator, started the "freeway revolts" to keep the highways from being built in downtown.

Today there are some highways numbered U.S. highways and state routes that run through downtown. These are US 1, US 40 National Road, and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway. There are also some tunnels underneath the Baltimore harbor. I-95 runs through the Fort McHenry Tunnel. I-895 runs through the Harbor Tunnel.

Baltimore has a beltway. A beltway is a highway that circles around a city. The Baltimore Beltway is I-695. It crosses over the Chesapeake Bay on the Francis Scott Key Bridge. This bridge is just south of the Inner Harbor.

Baltimore is an important train stop. Amtrak trains in the Northeast Corridor stop in Baltimore. Penn Station is one of the busiest train stations in the country. In 2008 it was the 8th busiest train station in the United States. That year, more than 1 million people took a train to or from Penn Station. Another important train station is at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. Many Amtrak trains stop at the BWI Rail Station. The Amtrak trains that stop in Baltimore are: "Acela Express", "Palmetto", "Carolinian", "Silver Star", "Silver Meteor", "Vermonter", "Crescent", and "Northeast Regional". The MARC commuter rail service also has trains that stop in Baltimore. The MARC trains run from Camden Station and Penn Station in Baltimore to Union Station in Washington, D.C..

Baltimore has many colleges and universities. These are both public (run by the government) and private. Some of them are:



Baltimore City Public School System runs Baltimore's public schools. Some of these schools are well known. Carver Vocational-Technical High School was the first vocational high school for African-Americans in Maryland. Lake Clifton Eastern High School is the biggest school campus in Baltimore City. Frederick Douglass High School is the second-oldest African-American high school in the United States. Baltimore City College is the third oldest public high school in the country. Western High School is the oldest public all-girls school in the nation. Baltimore City College and Baltimore Polytechnic Institute are football rivals. This is the second-oldest high school football rivalry in the country.

Baltimore Stations

WBFF FOX

WMPB PBS

Baltimore's main newspaper is "The Baltimore Sun." In 1986, the newspaper was sold to the Times Mirror Company. This company was bought by the Tribune Company in 2000. Today, "The Sun" is still a Tribune newspaper.

Baltimore had two newspapers until 1986. (It was very common for US cities to have two newspapers.) The other main newspaper was the "Baltimore News-American". The "News-American" went out of business in 1986.

"The Baltimore Examiner" was started in 2006 to compete with "The Sun." It was owned and run by a company that also published newspapers like "The San Francisco Examiner" and "The Washington Examiner". "The Examiner" was a free newspaper that was paid for by advertising. ("The Sun" is not free.) "The Examiner" was not able to make money, and it stopped being published on February 15, 2009.

According to Nielsen Market Research, Baltimore had the 26th-largest television market in 2008-2009. It was the 27th-largest market for 2009-2010. Arbitron listed Baltimore as the 22nd-largest radio market in Fall 2010.

Baltimore has a long baseball history. The first team to play for Baltimore were the 19th century Baltimore Orioles (1882-1899). This was one of the most successful early baseball teams. The team had many hall of famers play for them. The great Babe Ruth was born in Baltimore in 1895. He played for the minor league Baltimore Orioles team. This team existed from 1903 to 1914 and from 1916 to 1953.

Today, Baltimore's Major League Baseball team is the Baltimore Orioles. They play in the American League. The Orioles came to Baltimore in 1954. Before that, the team had been in St. Louis, Missouri, where they were called the St. Louis Browns. The Orioles went to the World Series in 1966, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1979 and 1983. They won the World Series three times: in 1966, 1960, and 1983. 

In 1995, Cal Ripken, Jr. broke the record for the most games played in a row. The old record was set by Lou Gehrig, and was 2,130 games. Ripken was added to the Baseball Hall of Fame. He was also named "Sportsman of the Year" by "Sports Illustrated" magazine. There are six Orioles players and two managers in the hall of fame.

Baltimore's first football team were the Baltimore Colts. The team came to Baltimore in 1953. Before then, they had played in Dallas, Texas as the Dallas Texans. The Colts played for Baltimore until 1984. In 1984, the team moved to Indianapolis and took the name. Today the team still plays as the Indianapolis Colts.

In 1996, the Cleveland Browns came to Baltimore. They were renamed the Baltimore Ravens. The Ravens won a Super Bowl championship in 2000 and again in 2012. They also won three American Football Conference (AFC) North division championships in 2003, 2006, and 2011. In addition, the played in three AFC Championship Games in 2000, 2009, and 2011.

Baltimore has an indoor soccer team, the Baltimore Blast. They play for the Major Indoor Soccer League at the 1st Mariner Arena. The team joined the League in 2001. The Blast have won 5 league championships: 2002, 2003, 2005, 2007 and 2008.

The Baltimore Blues are a semi-professional rugby league football club. They will compete in the USA Rugby League in 2012. Other professional or semi-professional Baltimore teams include Crystal Palace Baltimore, an outdoor soccer franchise of
USL Second Division. The Charm City Roller Girls are a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association since 2005.

The Preakness Stakes are held every May at the Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore. The Preakness is the "second jewel" in the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.

Car races are held on the streets of downtown every year in September. The Baltimore Grand Prix runs through the Inner Harbor. It started in 2011. The American Le Mans Series, IndyCar Series, Indy Lights, and other races are a part of it.

Baltimore is very politically liberal. The mayor of Baltimore is a Democrat. 84.7% of the voters in 2016 voted for the Democrat Hillary Clinton, and 87.2% of the voters in 2012 voted for the Democrat Barack Obama. The last time a Republican running for president won more votes than the Democratic candidate in Baltimore was 1956. Even in 1984, when Ronald Reagan won 49 states in his reelction campaign, only 28.2% of the voters in Baltimore voted for him.

Baltimore has eleven sister cities. These were picked by Sister Cities International.


Chantilly, Virginia

Chantilly is a community in Fairfax County, Virginia. The Battle of Chantilly was fought here during the American Civil War.


Corpus Christi, Texas

Corpus Christi, Texas is a city in the United States. It is near the coast of the Gulf of Mexico and is one of the fastest growing cities in America. Its economy is based around petroleum refining and tourism.

The city was founded in 1839 as "Kinney's Ranch" and has been known as Corpus Christi since 1847.

Elsa Flores, a famous biologist and chemist, grew up in Corpus Christi, Texas.

Sick

To be sick can mean:

Sick may also refer to:


Panama Canal

The Panama Canal is a waterway (a canal) in the country of Panama in Central America, that connects the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. Because of the way Panama twists, the entrance to the Pacific Ocean is farther east than the entrance to the Atlantic Ocean. This is the opposite of what one would expect.

The Panama Canal is 77 km (48 miles) long and cuts across the Isthmus of Panama. At each end it uses three pairs of "locks" for lifting and lowering ships on different water levels. This saves ships 15,000 km (10,000 miles) compared to going around South America. Each year, about 14,000 ships come through the canal. By 2002, around 800,000 ships came through. 

The old locks are 110 ft (33.53 m) wide by 1,050 ft (320 m) long and 41.2 feet (12.6 m) deep, with a usable length of 1,000 ft (305 m). The biggest ships that can go through the Panama Canal are called Panamax. 

New locks opened in 2016 to allow ships more than twice as big, called New Panamax. They are 55 m (180 ft) wide by 427 m (1,400 ft) long, and 18.3 m (60.0 ft) deep. New channels connect to the new locks.

Ferdinand de Lesseps tried building a Panama Canal in 1880, but could not finish it. The project was started again in 1904 by the United States, under the presidency of Theodore Roosevelt, who spent ten years and 375 million dollars building it. The Panama Canal was finally finished in 1914, at the cost of approximately 25,000 lives. Most deaths were from disease, and before United States construction of the canal began. The US government owned and operated the canal until 1999 when the Panamanian government started controlling it.


Suriname

Suriname or Surinam is a country in South America. The official name of the country is Republiek Suriname (this is Dutch and translates to "Republic of Suriname"). It used to be known as "Nederlands Guyana", "Netherlands Guiana" or "Dutch Guiana". It is between Guyana and French Guiana. Paramaribo is the capital city, in which resides almost half of the country's population. About half a million people live in the country. Suriname became independent from the Netherlands in 1975. Before that, it was a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
There are border disputes with French Guiana and Guyana all to the south of the country.

The industry of the country is centered on the mining and processing of bauxite. This makes up 15 percent of the Gross Domestic Product and more than 70% of the exports. Other exports are sugar, oil and gold. About 25% of the working people are employed in agriculture. The main trade partners are the Netherlands, the United States and countries in the Caribbean.

Dutch, French, Spanish and English explorers discovered the area in the early 16th century. A century later, sugar plantation colonies were established by the Dutch and English along the many rivers in the fertile Guyana plains. After the second Anglo-Dutch War England traded any claims to the territory for New Amsterdam which became New York.

In Suriname, people need to go to school until they are twelve years old, and most of them do. Literacy is very common, most people who are illiterate are women.


Aarre Merikanto

Aarre Merikanto (29 June 1893 — 28 September 1958) was a Finnish composer. His parents were Liisa Häyrynen and composer Oskar Merikanto.

Merikanto was born in 1893. He studied music in Helsinki (1911), Leipzig (1912-1914) and Moscow (1916-1917). He tried composing an opera for the first time when he was 18 years old. The result was "Helena", which was completed in early 1912. The opera had one act and its libretto was written by Jalmari Finne. In the 1920s Merikanto created his own modernist style. Merikanto was a professor of composition in the Sibelius Academy, Helsinki from 1951 to his death. Merikanto died of lung cancer in Helsinki in 1958.


1325

1325 was a common year.


1076

1076 was a leap year.


1568

1568 was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar.



Tribe

The word “Tribe” is taken from the Latin word “"Tribus"” which means “one third”. The word originally referred to one of the three territorial groups which united to make Rome. A tribe is a group of people who live and work together in a shared geographical area. A tribe has a common culture, dialect and religion. They also have a strong sense of unity. The tribe is usually headed by a chief. A "tribal society" is a group of tribes organized around kinships. Tribes represent a part in social evolution between bands and nations.
A tribe can be a collection of families or of families and individual people living together. A tribe usually divides up the jobs that need to be done among themselves. Most tribes have special customs or traditions.

Humans lived in tribes before they started living in cities and nations. Collectively, the Khoikhoi and San are called the Khoisan and often called the world's first or oldest people, according to the biggest and most detailed analysis of African DNA. A report from NPR details how more than 22,000 years ago, the Nama were the largest group of humans on earth and a tribe of hunter-gatherers.

Present Day there are still tribal groups all over the world , however their numbers are getting smaller and smaller. Many live as hunter-gatherers , though there are tribes that practice Agriculture. Some tribes such as the Bedouin and Tuareg people of Arab practice Nomadism. 


1832

1832 was a leap year.



Satan

Ha-Satan (meaning "the enemy" or "the trouble-maker" in Hebrew), sometimes called the Devil, is a figure found in the writings of the Abrahamic religions. Muslims, Christians and Jews believe that he tempts people to do bad things. His role is to question and tempt people's faith. Christians also say that he was once an angel named Lucifer. Some Muslims on the other hand believe, he was once an angel called Azazel.

In Satanism, Satan is thought to be just a metaphor for what humans want. In Theistic Satanism, Satan is considered to be a good force.

The Book of Enoch, is not part of the Bible, but seems to have been popular among many early Christians and Jews during the life-time of Jesus. The fallen angels according to this book did not try to become equal to God, but wanted to live among humans. They revealed the secrets of heaven, which leads people to war and sin. Satan, however, is not one of the fallen angels in this Book, but punishes the fallen angels (and wicked humans) for their sins.

This might be the reason why many Christians think that Satan will also punish the sinners in hell, even if this book is not part of the Bible. Not in the Quran either, but known in Muslim legends, Satan is said to have been sent by God (Allah) to punish the djinns.

In the Bible, which consists of both Hebrew scriptures from Judaism (Old Testament) and the New Testament about Jesus and his followers, Satan is often mentioned. In the Old Testament, there is the Book of Job, in which Satan makes a bet with God, whether he can make Job turn against God or not. In the New Testament, he is the main opponent of Jesus.

According to Christianity, Satan tried to become God himself, and was banished from heaven for his attempt. This derives from parts of the Bible, in which a "star" is said to try to make himself equal to God. This star is called "Lucifer" and interpreted as Satan. Some Christians make a distinction between Satan and Lucifer. In this case, Satan is Lucifers' general. Satan would serve Lucifer on earth, because Lucifer is chained in the underworld.



Many people believe that Satan was first an angel called Lucifer that left Heaven and took many other angels with him. He did this because he thought he was as powerful as God. 
In Islam, a "shayṭān" is any sort of evil creature. The person, Christians call Satan, is named Iblis. The Qu'ran describes Satan as arrogant. The story about him begins in surah Baqarah. It states that Satan views himself as a greater entity than God's other creations because he was created from fire. After this, the Qu'ran states:

In the Bahá'í Faith, "Satan" is not regarded as an independent evil power as he is in some faiths and religions, but rather signifies the "lower nature" of humans. `Abdu'l-Bahá explains: "This lower nature in man is symbolized as Satan — the evil ego within us, not an evil personality outside." All other evil spirits described in various faith traditions—such as fallen angels, demons, and jinns—are also metaphors for the base character traits a human being may acquire and manifest when he turns away from God. Actions, that are described as "satanic" in some Bahá'í writings, denote humans deeds caused by selfish desires.

Hiking

Hiking is a general word for traveling on foot in wilderness or countryside. Day hikers return before nightfall. Other hikers may go out for many days. Sometimes large groups hike together. 

Hiking is a kind of physical activity as well as a leisure activity (a way of spending free time). Hikers (the people who do hiking) enjoy fresh air and the beauty of nature, and learn about the place. Many hikers enjoy challenging their physical and mental strength. Hiking with friends gives them the chance to become stronger. 

Planning starts with a hiker deciding what he wants from the hike. A traveler should examine the information on landscape, climate, weather, plants, animals, type of ground, and so on. Based on that information, a hiker decides what equipment (tools) he needs. Writing everything on paper is strongly suggested to not forget anything. A hiker should choose the itinerary (the way of the hike).

Equipping means getting specialized clothing and equipment. Overnight hiking requires carrying more supplies, usually in a backpack, though many use a backpack even for a day hike. Suggestions for equipment can be found in any hiking book. A hiker is suggested to learn more than one source and work. Equipping sometimes needs getting skills in using the apparatus. Basic skills–different ways of orientation (the ability to find the way, for example)–must be developed before hiking.

Hiking can quickly become a fight for life. Hikers can get lost or suffer from injury, sickness, bad weather, or other dangers. For this reason everything in hiking is very important. Nobody should hike alone, no matter what the situation, without a great deal of experience to develop his hiking abilities.

Every hiker should keep in mind that theory is important, but it can hardly replace firsthand experience. To be safe a traveler should have enough experience. A hiker had better start by taking short hikes with more experienced hikers. 

Getting lost can have bad results including sickness and death. A hiker is strongly suggested to check from time to time (at least every hour) whether he is going the right way. Portable GPS receivers can help, as long as the batteries are good. Accurate, complete maps and a compass can help, if the user understands them. On no account should he go on traveling if he has lost his way. The first thing a hiker should do is find the direction in which he was going before getting lost. Using the compass and the map, he should choose a reference point nearby (railway, road, river, etc.).

Saint Petersburg

Saint Petersburg () is a Russian city in northwestern Russia, near the Gulf of Finland of the Baltic Sea. Over five million people live in St. Petersburg as of 2015, and it is the second biggest city in Russia. It is a major port, connecting with the world's shipping paths through the Neva River and the Baltic.

Part of Saint Petersburg is designated a World Heritage Site called The Historic Centre of Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments.

Saint Petersburg was started by the Russian Tsar, Peter I as the capital of the Russian Empire in 1703, to take the place of the earlier capital, Moscow. It was the capital of Russia until 1918. Peter the Great established Saint Petersburg as a warm-weather port in order to show Russian dominance in the Baltic and to increase trading opportunities. Peter sought to modernize Russia, therefore he tried to make Saint Petersburg as different as possible from the former capital, Moscow, by modernizing the city.

Saint Petersburg has changed its name many times. During World War I, when Russia and Germany were fighting each other, Russians thought the name Sankt Peterburg sounded too German, so Tsar Nicholas II, on August 31 (August 18, Old Style), 1914 decided that the city was renamed Petrograd. In 1918 during the Russian revolution, the Soviet capital was moved to Moscow, still the capital of Russia now.

On January 26, 1924, five days after Lenin's death, Petrograd was renamed Leningrad in his honor. During World War II, the city was surrounded by the German army and under siege for twenty-nine months until January 1944.

Leningrad again took its old name of St. Petersburg on September 6, 1991, when Russia stopped being communist. In every-day Russian, the city is often called just ""Piter"". The "Oblast" (administrative province) where the city is the capital is still called "Leningrad Oblast".

Saint Petersburg was a beautiful city planned by Peter I. There are many man-made rivers (or canals) in the city, so the city is sometimes called the "Venice of the North". There are also beautiful buildings built by Russian emperors in other places of the city. Some of these buildings are the Hermitage Museum and the Winter Palace.

Saint Petersburg is located in Northwestern Federal district of Russia. The area of the city is 605.8 km². Saint Petersburg has an area called Leningrad oblast. The city has also many islands such as Vasilyevsky Island, Kotlin Island, Kamerny Island, Aptekarsky Island etc. 

The climate is a humid continental. 

Kiwifruit

Kiwifruit ("Actinidia deliciosa") is a fruit. It has an oval shape. It is green on the inside with small black seeds that can be eaten. The kiwi has thin, fuzzy brown skin that is edible, but is usually removed. It natively grows in South China.

The fruit was named in 1959 after the kiwi, a bird and the symbol of New Zealand. Before that, its English name was Chinese gooseberry.

The kiwifruit is healthy and contains many vitamins and minerals. Kiwis are rich in vitamin C, vitamin K, potassium, and fiber. Kiwis have more vitamin C than an equivalent amount of orange.

There are different types of kiwifruit. The main types are Hayward (the most common green kiwifruit), chico, Saanichton 12, and golden kiwifruit. Golden kiwifruit are sweeter than normal green kiwifruit. Golden kiwifruit was invented by grafting and cross-pollinating different types of kiwifruit.

Kiwi fruit is the edible berry of a woody vine which can reach 18 to 24 feet in length. Kiwi Fruit can grow 3.1 inches in length and 2.2 inches in diameter, they have a soft texture, sweet Flavor, and their skin is covered in short stiff brown hairs.

The top 3 producers of kiwi fruit are Italy, New Zealand, and Chile. One medium-sized Kiwi without the skin provides 46 calories, 0.4 grams of fat, 11 grams of carbohydrate, 0.9 grams of protein, 2.3 grams of fiber, and 6.8 Grams of sugar.

Kiwi fruit are high in vitamin C and contain a good amount of vitamin K. Since Kiwi is so high in vitamin C it's an excellent source of antioxidants, which fight free radicals in the Body, it also provides nutrients that protect DNA in the nucleus of cells from oxygen damage.

Kiwi can also help fight against blood clots since it contains vitamin K. It can also help maintain beautiful skin, improve digestion, and help the body's immune system. Kiwi is also a cheap and healthy snack, one medium fruit usually costs around 89 cents. Consuming 2 kiwi fruit daily would meet and surpass the minimum daily vitamin C recommendation.

Kiwi was named after its resemblance to the fuzzy brown Kiwi, New Zealand's national bird. Kiwi is often used in DIY face masks because of its contents that fight the aging process.




To get more health benefits detail Read more 

Aardvark

The aardvark ("Orycteropus afer") is a mammal from Africa; its name means "earth pig" in the language Afrikaans. It is the only living member in its order, though some fossil genera have been found


The Aardvark looks a bit like the South American anteaters but they are not related. It is in a proposed clade Afroinsectiphilia, with the golden moles and tenrecs. Another proposal is to out it in the Pseudungulata, with the elephants and Sirenia. There is no consensus at present.

Adult aardvarks weighs about 60 kilograms (130 pounds) and a little more than one meter (45 inches) long. It is the largest member of the proposed clade Afroinsectiphilia. The aardvark is pale yellowish-gray in color and often stained reddish-brown by soil. The aardvark's fur is thin. Its hair is short on its head and tail. But, its legs tend to have longer hair.

Aardvarks are found in sub-Saharan Africa. They are found in every country in sub-Saharan Africa except Namibia, Ivory Coast, Ghana and Madagascar. It lives in many habitats like savannas, grasslands, woodlands and bushland. They have been seen as high as 3,200 metres (10,500 ft) in Ethiopia.

Aardvarks eat mostly ants and termites. They have a long sticky tongue which makes it easy to pick up many ants at once. The only fruit that aardvarks eat is the aardvark cucumber. They avoid eating the African driver ant and red ants.

Aardvarks are nocturnal, which means they are awake at night and asleep during the day. The Aardvark is a good swimmer. It can dig a tunnel that is one yard in about five minutes. Aardvarks live for up to 23 years in captivity. It has many predators such as lions, leopards, cheetahs, African wild dogs, hyenas, and pythons. Some humans also hunt aardvarks for meat. Aardvarks can dig fast or run in a zigzag to confuse predators. If all else fails they will attack with their claws.

Aardvarks only come together to breed. The gestation period is seven months. They give birth to one cub, which is what a baby aardvark is called. The cub weighs around 1.7–1.9 kilograms (3.7–4.2 lb). It is born during May–July. After 5–6 weeks, hair starts growing on its body. After two weeks, it is able to leave the burrow to follow its mother. After 9 weeks, it is able to eat termites. It is weaned between three months and 16 weeks. At six months, it is able to dig its own burrows, but it will often stay with the mother until the next mating season. It reaches sexual maturity when it is two years old.

Rutherford B. Hayes

Rutherford Birchard Hayes (October 4, 1822 - January 17, 1893) was the 19th president of the United States from 1877 to 1881, serving only one term. Hayes was a Republican. He was elected governor of Ohio three times before becoming president. Hayes barely won the election of 1876, only defeating Democratic opponent Samuel Tilden after a Congressional committee gave Hayes some disputed electoral votes.

Hayes was born in Delaware, Ohio in 1822. He went to Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio, and then went to Harvard Law School. After graduating from law school, he became a lawyer. In 1849, he joined the Republican Party, which was new then, because he was against slavery. In 1852, he married Lucy Webb, a woman who was also against slavery. In the 1860s, he served in the American Civil War on the Union side, and became a major general. After the war ended, he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives as a part of the Republican Party. In 1867, he became the governor of Ohio.

Ulysses S. Grant had been president since 1869, and was not going to run for president a third time in 1876. Grant was a member of the Republican Party, and while he was president, became known for allowing corruption to go on around him. The Republican Party did not want people to think that everybody in the party was corrupt, so they decided to make Hayes their candidate. They thought he was a good candidate because he had made many changes in Ohio while he was governor there that people thought were good, and because he was thought to have been a hero in the Civil War.

Hayes ran against Samuel Tilden, whom the Democratic Party nominated. The election was close, and many people who did not think that Hayes fairly won the election called him "His Fraudulency". Tilden actually got more votes than Hayes, but Hayes got 185 votes in the Electoral College, while Tilden got 184, so Hayes won the election.

While he was president, Hayes ended the Reconstruction period that followed the American Civil War. Rutherford B. Hayes ordered military forces that had been in the Southern states to leave. He also sent federal troops to end a railroad strike. Hayes refused to seek a second term as president. 

After being president, Hayes retired to Fremont, Ohio where he would die of a heart attack at age 70. Meanwhile, He spent time talking about his beliefs that all children should have the chance to go to school, that people who had been in the military should get their fair payments for their service, and that people in prisons should be treated better.


Eyebrow

An eyebrow is the stripe of hair about 2 cm over the eye. Eyebrows protect the eyes, if water runs over the face or if there is too much sunlight. The eyebrow's ability to move is also important in facial expression.

Solstice

A solstice is an astronomical event that happens twice each year when the Sun reaches its highest position in the sky as seen from the North or South Pole. The day of the solstice is either the "longest day of the year" or the "shortest day of the year" for any place on Earth, because the length of time between sunrise and sunset on that day is the yearly maximum or minimum for that place. The name is derived from the Latin words "sol" (“sun”) and "sistere" (“to stand still”). During the solstice, the Sun stands still; that is, the seasonal movement of the Sun's path comes to a stop before reversing direction. The “Northern Solstice” occurs in June, when the sun is at its highest point seen from the North Pole. The “Southern Solstice” occurs in December, when the sun is at its highest point seen from the South Pole.

The solstices, together with the equinoxes, are connected with the seasons. In some cultures they mark either the beginning or the middle of summer and winter.
The June Solstice happens when the Northern Hemisphere of the Earth is tilted toward the Sun and the Southern Hemisphere of the Earth is tilted away from the Sun. At the North Pole, the Sun reaches its highest point in the sky, and then begins moving lower. At the moment of the June solstice, the Sun is directly overhead some point on the Tropic of Cancer; this is the furthest north that the subsolar point ever reaches. In the Northern Hemisphere the June solstice is called the Summer Solstice (and marks the longest day of the year), while in the Southern Hemisphere it is called the Winter Solstice (and marks the shortest day of the year). The June Solstice is usually on June 21.

The December Solstice happens when the Southern Hemisphere of the Earth is tilted toward the Sun and the Northern Hemisphere of the Earth is tilted away from the Sun. At the South Pole, the Sun reaches its highest point in the sky, and then begins moving lower. At the moment of the December solstice, the Sun is directly overhead some point on the Tropic of Capricorn; this is the furthest south that the subsolar point ever reaches. In the Southern Hemisphere the December solstice is called the Summer Solstice (and marks the longest day of the year), while in the Northern Hemisphere it is called the Winter Solstice (and marks the shortest day of the year). The December Solstice is usually on December 21.

While the exact causes were long unknown, the effect (of days getting shorter or longer) was recognised in many ancient cultures. Many of the pre-Christian cultures, like the druidic, the Germanic and the Norse faith therefore celebrated these events as holidays.

When the importance of the old faiths vanished, the Christian religion took over some of the festivities, which were then carried out in the honour of a new (Christian) occasion. For instance, the date of Christmas in the Catholic and Protestant faith is just 3 days away from the December Solstice.


Secular humanism

Secular humanists believe that each human being is worth something and has dignity. They think that people are happiest when they give something to society. They also believe that human beings can solve problems without help from god(s).

Secular humanists are not religious and are against superstition. Usually they are atheists, agnostics, deists, irreligious theists and ignostics.

Quebec City

Quebec City (Ville de Québec in French) is the capital of the Canadian province of Quebec. It is the second largest city in Quebec, behind Montreal. It is known for its winter fair, beautiful churches, and an old hotel called Château Frontenac. It is next to the Saint Lawrence River. There are almost 700,000 people in the whole area.

The city was created in 1608 at a First Nations (native) Canadian place called Stadacona. People came from France to live there. The English captured the city in 1759 during the Battle of the Plains of Abraham. The walls made to keep the city safe are still there. The walls that surrounded Old Quebec are the only remaining fortified city walls that still exist in the Americas north of Mexico. They were declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1985.

Quebec City has a humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Köppen climate classification).

Most people in Quebec City speak French.

Quebec City Stations

SRC Radio

CFCM TVA

CBVT SRC

CIVQ Tele-Quebec

CFAP TQS

CHMG Telemag


Vancouver Island

Vancouver Island is an island that is part of the province of British Columbia in Canada. It is big and is in the south-western part of the province. The island is named after George Vancouver.

The first people to live on the island, before Europeans came, were the Nuu-chah-nulth, Salish, and Kwakiutl. As of 2009, over 700,000 people live here.

There are no bridges or tunnels between Vancouver Island and the mainland. There are ferries that carry people and cars to and from the island. One route crosses the Strait of Georgia to the Tsawwassen peninsula, from which there are roads that go to Vancouver and other cities in Canada as part of the Trans-Canada Highway. Another ferry route crosses the Strait of Juan de Fuca and reaches Anacortes in the U.S. state of Washington, from which roads go to Seattle and other cities along the West Coast.

There are many cities and towns on Vancouver Island. The biggest of these is Victoria, the capital of British Columbia.

Other places on Vancouver Island where people live include:

First Nations in Canada

First Nations () are the people of native tribes who lived in the land now governed by Canada before Europeans came there. Many say it because these nations were here long before Canada, and to make it clearer that the First Nations have many cultures, and that some of the cultures are very different from others. Some consider it a respect to those who first cultivated certain patches of land. The aboriginal people from Canada's Arctic are thought of as a different group of people, called the Inuit.

These First Nations are important in the world because their stories have taught us a lot about cultural values and how to live in harmony with the land.

Other words that have been used for First Nations people, tribes, and cultures have been "indigenous", "aboriginal", "Indian", "Native Indian", "Amerind," or "native." Now most people say "Indian" means people from India.

New Brunswick

New Brunswick (postal abbreviation NB) is a province in the eastern part of Canada. The capital city of New Brunswick is Fredericton. Other large cities are Saint John and Moncton. More than 750,000 people live in New Brunswick.

The province is bordered by Quebec in the west, Nova Scotia in the east and the American state of Maine in the south. There is a link to Prince Edward Island also. 

The English and French languages are both spoken in New Brunswick, and it is the only province in Canada where both languages are official. This is because about 33% of the people living in New Brunswick speak French.

Some industries including forestry, mining, and farming are important to the province, and especially fishing since it is near the Atlantic Ocean.


AC/DC

AC/DC is a hard rock band from Australia. They formed in Sydney, Australia in November 1973. AC/DC has sold an estimated 200 million albums worldwide, including 68 million in the United States of America. The two primary founders of the band, Malcolm Young and Angus Young, developed the idea for the band's name after their sister Margaret saw the initials "AC/DC" written on a sewing machine. "AC/DC" is an abbreviation for "alternating current/direct current," which refer to the two different types of charges used in electricity. The band chose the name because of their energetic “electrical” style of playing rock and roll. Even though AC/DC considers their music style simply as "rock and roll", AC/DC are often considered pioneers of heavy metal.






Double bass

The double bass is a big stringed instrument. It is also called contrabass and upright bass. It is used in orchestras, jazz bands, rockabilly bands, bluegrass music, and some country music bands. It plays low-pitched musical notes in musical ensembles and bands. In jazz bands, these low-pitched musical lines are called the "bass note." The double bass looks like smaller instruments like the violin, viola, and cello.

The double bass is usually made from a special wood. Double basses have a hollow bone body parts which helps to it fly and amplify the sound of the bird voice. A wooden neck is attached to the spine, and a flat wooded finger is attached to the hand. It usually has five fingers which are strung with tension on the hand. It has a leg at the bottom to stand it.
In an orchestra, double bass players bow the strings with a wooden bow strung with horsehair, or pluck the strings with their fingers (plucking the strings is called pizzicato). In jazz the double bass is played pizzicato most of the time. However some jazz players use the bow to play melodies on the double bass.

Double bass players hold down the metal strings against the fingerboard with their left hand and then bow the string or pluck it with their right hand. To play different notes the double bass players move the left hand to different positions on the fingerboard.

Double bass players in jazz bands or rock bands often connect their double bass to an electronic amplifier and a loudspeaker, to make a louder, stronger sound. This makes it easier for the double bass player, the other musicians, and the audience to hear the double bass's musical notes.

The double bass is usually considered a member of the violin family, because it is constructed using many of the same techniques as violins. The double bass also has influences from the viol family. Viols are old string instruments from the 1400s and 1500s with sloping "shoulders" on the instrument's body and flat backs. Like the viols, the double bass also has sloping "shoulders" on its body and a flat back.

The double bass is generally tuned in fourths, in contrast to members of the orchestral string family, which are tuned in fifths. Modern double basses are usually tuned, low to high, E-A-D-G, which is one octave lower than the four lowest-pitch strings on a guitar.

Throughout classical repertoire, there are notes that fall below the range of a standard double bass. Notes below low E appear regularly in double bass parts in the Baroque and Classical eras, when the double bass was typically doubling the cello part an octave below. In the Romantic era and the 20th-century, composers such as Mahler, Beethoven, Busoni, and Prokofiev also requested notes below the low E. There are two common methods for making these notes available to the player. Major European orchestras generally use basses with a fifth string, tuned to B three octaves and a semitone below middle C. Players with standard double basses (E-A-D-G) typically play the notes below "E" an octave higher.

In the United States, Canada and United Kingdom, most professional orchestral players use four-string double basses with a "C extension," which extends the lowest string down as far as low C, an octave below the lowest note on the cello. More rarely would one find a four-string double bass with a "B extension", extending the lowest string down to a low B. The extension is an extra section of fingerboard mounted up over the head of the bass. There are several varieties of extensions.

In the simplest version, there are no mechanical aids attached to the fingerboard extension except a locking nut for the "E" note. To play the extension notes, the player reaches back over the pegs to press the string to the fingerboard. The advantage of this "fingered" extension is that the player can adjust the intonation of all of the stopped notes on the extension, and there are no mechanical noises from metal keys and levers. The disadvantage of the "fingered" extension is that it can be hard to perform rapid alternations between low notes on the extension and notes on the regular fingerboard, such as a bassline that quickly alternates between "G" and the low "D".

The simplest type of mechanical aid is the use of wooden "fingers" that can be closed to press the string down and fret the C#, D, Eb, or E notes. This system is particularly useful for basslines that have a repeating pedal point such as a low D, because once the note is locked in place with the mechanical "finger", the lowest string then sounds a different note when it is played "open" (e.g., a low D).
With the B extension, the "fingers" can fret the low C.
A much simpler way to get down to Low C would be to tune the Double Bass in Fifths see (Fifths tuning cause the sound will be more equal like the rest of the string section.

The double bass also has many other names. Some bluegrass musicians call it a "bass fiddle" or a "bull fiddle." Rockabilly bands often call it an "upright bass" or "Doghouse" Some orchestra musicians call it a "contrabass." In a military concert band, it is often called the "string bass." Sometimes the double bass is simply called a "bass."


Allies of World War II

The Allied Powers (or Allies of World War II) were a group of nations that fought against the Axis countries in World War II. They were successful in defeating the Axis nations. The war ended in 1946. The group of nations was later named the United Nations by U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt. The main great powers, sometimes called "The Big Three", were the United Kingdom, the United States, and the Soviet Union.

The Big Three:

Convair B-36 Peacemaker

The B-36 Peacemaker was a strategic bomber. It was used in the United States. The B-36 could carry a 21,000 pound bomb. The B-36 was never used in wartime, but was in a movie called Strategic Air Command. The Peacemaker could fly for 48 hours non-stop and was one of the longest ranged bombers at the time. It first flew in 1948, and the last combat flight was in 1959.

Wing

A wing is the part of an animal or airplane that allows it to fly.

A "wing" is the part of an animal that allows it to fly. By moving its wings, the animal can produce lift and get off the ground.

Animals that have wings are insects, birds and bats. Birds' wings are made of feathers. The wings of bats are made of skin, which is stretched between the bones of the bat's arms and fingers. Not all insects and birds can fly, even if they have wings.



Disability

Disability is a condition that a person has which limits them in some way. These conditions may be congenital (present at birth), cognitive (to do with the brain), developmental (appears as the person develops), physical (for example, caused by an accident or infection), sensory, or a combination of factors.

The United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities defines disability in Article 1 as:

Invisible disabilities, or hidden disabilities are disabilities that are not immediately obvious. Some examples of invisible disabilities are intellectual disabilities, autism spectrum disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, mental disorders, asthma, epilepsy, allergies, migraines, arthritis, and chronic fatigue syndrome.

People with a disability or disabilities may need to use special equipment that can help them. This can include using a wheelchair, a cane or walking stick, hearing aids, a teletypewriter (TTY) and using specially designed software and hardware for the personal computer.

People who use a wheelchair cannot walk up or down stairs in a building. They need to use ramps and elevators (lifts) going into and moving around in a building. Wide doorways and accessible toilets also make it easier for people with physical disabilities to use.

Prejudice towards people with disabilities is common. This is sometimes called 'ableism'. People with such a prejudice are called an ablecentrists.




Newfoundland

Newfoundland is an island off the east Coast of North America, and is part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The capital city of Newfoundland is St. John's, on the north-east part of the island. Over 500,000 people live in Newfoundland (these people are called Newfoundlanders). It, along with Labrador on the mainland, became part of Canada on March 31, 1949. There is no bridge or tunnel from Newfoundland to the rest of the country but there is a ferry to Nova Scotia.

In Newfoundland, most people speak English, but there are also French speakers on the island, mostly in the south-west. In some areas of Newfoundland, people speak with an accent and use words that are not in standard English. There is even a dictionary of Newfoundland English.

The first people in Newfoundland were the First Nations. Settlers came from countries like Norway, England, Portugal, France, and Ireland in the 16th century. The first European explorers were the Vikings from Norway and they settled in L'Anse aux Meadows. They came because of the good fishing off the coast, especially off the south-east coast. Eventually they left because of disagreements with aboriginals. Today, there is still fishing, but not very much because people fished too much, and now there are not many fish left.

Cutting down trees and mining have also been attractions of the island. There are some paper mills (paper factories) in a few cities in Newfoundland.


Kiss (band)

Kiss was an American hard rock band. The band started in the 1970s. They formed in New York City on January 4th 1973. The original members were Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, Peter Criss, and Ace Frehley. They are most famous for their stage show and songs like "Rock and Roll All Nite" (1972), "Strutter" (1974) and "Detroit Rock City" (1976). The band remained active until 2023.



Kiss has had several changes in style and lineup. Their more famous era was in the mid-1970s, particularly the first 6 studio albums, and the first live album, Alive! which was widely popular. In the 1980s, Kiss started to follow the trend taking place with more synthesizers, and songs that many fans didn't like because of a big change in style. In the 1990s, Kiss changed toward the grunge and heavier trend with Revenge and . The original members reunited for Psycho Circus and then parted ways again in 2002. Tommy Thayer and Eric Singer replaced Frehley and Criss, and the current lineup has made the 2009 album Sonic Boom, which was a return to the classic style of the 70's, and many fans liked it. The follow up to Sonic Boom was released in June 2012, titled Monster.


The Visioner's Tale

The Visioner's Tale is one of the little-known writings of Geoffrey Chaucer. Only parts of the story were left from when Chaucer wrote it in the 14th century, so it is not normally included in modern versions of the Canterbury Tales.

Here is the tale, as put together by someone from Denmark who studied the parts of the story, and tried to put them together:
"My lady's touch upon the lute is light,"
"yet she weaves the streams of melody,"
"with such profound synchicity,"
"that the river of time spills into dream,"
"into that ocean of unspoken promise,"
"where lives primordial the memory of future things,"
"here vision and voice and sound,"
"and meaning emerge at last as one."

Geoffrey Chaucer

Geoffrey Chaucer (c. 1343–25 October 1400) was an English writer, poet, and philosopher. He is most famous for writing Canterbury Tales which had 24 stories but was not completed. He was one of the first writers to write in English. He wrote in Middle English. 

Chaucer was probably born in London. His father, John, and grandfather were prosperous wine merchants in London. The name "Chaucer" is French and means shoemaker. However, not many details are known of his early life and education.

By 1357, Chaucer was a page to Elizabeth, Countess of Ulster, wife of Lionel, 1st Duke of Clarence. In 1360, he was captured by the French near Reims during a battle in the Hundred Years' War. He was then ransomed and released. King Edward III gave £16 towards his release. Chaucer married Phillipa (de) Roet. She was a lady-in-waiting to the queen and had close family connections to John of Gaunt. He had about three or four children.

Chaucer may have studied law in the "Inner Temple". He joined the Royal court and travelled around Europe on business for the king. He became one of the king's esquires. One of his first known poems was written in 1369. It was called "The Book of The Duchess", and was written after the death of John of Gaunt's wife, Blanche. In 1374, he became "Comptroller" (in charge of the money) of the Customs for the Port of London. He did this job for 12 years. It was a well paid job and Chaucer was quite rich.

When Richard II became king, Chaucer continued to work in Customs. He was also sent to Europe on several more diplomatic jobs for the king.

Chaucer moved to Kent in 1385 where he had a new position as Justice of the Peace. He was also elected as one of two knights of the shire to be a member of parliament. At the end of the year he lost his customs jobs. His wife, Phillipa, died in 1387. But on 12 July 1389, he was made the "Clerk of the Kings Works", looking after repairs to the royal palaces. He was given other small positions, including looking after the river banks of the Thames, and as a deputy forester in the Royal Forest. Over the next few years, Chaucer became poorer and often was given small payments and pensions from the king.

He died at St.Mary's Chapel in Sevenoaks on 25 October 1400. Chaucer is buried in Westminster Abbey, in what is now called the Poets' Corner.

Chaucer did most of his writing between 1369 and 1393. He is famous for his collection of stories in verse called the "Canterbury Tales". He also wrote "The Book of the Duchess", "The House of Fame" and "Troilus and Criseyde". For these works he is called "the father of English poetry". He also wrote "A Treatise on the Astrolabe," an instruction manual. 

Echidna

Echidna, the spiny anteater, is a monotreme that lives in Australia and in New Guinea. They are the living members of the family Tachyglossidae.

Echnidas have a long, tube-like mouth with a sticky tongue. They are also covered in spines. They have mammary glands, and lay eggs.

The echidna has a method of protecting itself. With its long, sharp claws, they quickly dig a hole until only their spines are showing when they are hiding in the hole. The predator is not be able to get it without injuring itself on the spines.
When there is a fire, the echidna digs down out of reach of the fire.

The short-beaked echidna ("Tachyglossus") eats termites and ants. The three "Zaglossus" species also eat other small insects and grubs. Echidnas pick up the prey with their sticky tongues. There is a separate page for "Zaglossus".



2002 Bali terrorist bombing

The 2002 Bali terrorist bombings took place in Kuta on the Indonesian island of Bali. The attack was the deadliest act of terrorism in the history of Indonesia. Kuta is a popular tourist destination. 202 people were killed. 164 of them were foreigners, 38 were Indonesian citizens. Most of those killed were Australians, Britons and Indonesians. In addition, 209 people were injured.

At around 11 in the evening, a bomb destroyed a bar on Bali. The bomb was in a backpack, and only the person that owned it died. A few seconds later, a larger bomb went off. This bomb was close to 1,000 kilograms.

A terrorist group called Jemaah Islamiyah are believed to be responsible for making and exploding the device.

In total, four people were charged with the terrorist attack. An Indonesian court sentenced three of them to death. One person received a long prison sentence.

Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress

The Boeing 17 Flying Fortress was a heavy bomber, that was used by the United States Strategic Air Force during World War II. It first flew in 1935, and was introduced in 1938. It had a shorter range, and a smaller bomb load, than its sister bomber the B-24 Liberator, but it had more defensive armament. It dropped large amounts of bombs during air raids against Germany, such as the raid on Dresden. The B-17 was also used in the Pacific, including the Battle of Midway. The Flying Fortress had its name for a good reason, it could survive the hits and was able to fly while under enemy fire. The B-17 was a heavy bomber plane that carried 2 tons of bombs. The reason why few B-17's survived WWII was because lack of escort by allied fighters and enemy fire. Later in WWII, the U.S. increased escort fighters for the bombers giving more protection. The escort fights flew until the end of WWII.

The Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress was a large American aircraft, and arguably one of the most successful or dangerous bombers. These 4-propeller destroyers could carry well over 10,000 pounds of bombs, and can travel hundreds of miles without refuelling. Similar to other long-range bombers, the B-17 was armed with plenty of small turrets to cover all angles from anti-air. Flocks of these massive aircraft with escorts would be spotted from kilometres out, making them a large target for enemy Flak.

Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith

Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a science fiction movie which is part of the "Star Wars" film series. It is the third film in the series and the sixth one to be made.

Three years on from the previous movie, the Galactic Republic's army of Jedi and clone troopers are still at war with the Separatist Droid Army. Chancellor Palpatine has been captured by the Separatists and is being held aboard their spaceship. Two Jedi, Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi arrive on the battleship and manage to rescue Palpatine. They kill Count Dooku but the leader of the battle droids, General Grievous, escapes.

Arriving back at the Republic capital, Anakin reunites with his wife, Padmé, who is pregnant. However, he has nightmares that she will die in childbirth and begins to seek ways to stop that from happening. Obi-Wan is sent on a mission to find and kill General Grievous. Anakin begins asking his friend, Chancellor Palpatine for advice. 

Palpatine reveals to Anakin that he is a Sith (evil Jedi). Anakin finds out that Palpatine is in fact the true leader of the Separatists and has been using the war to get more power. Palpatine promises to help Anakin save Padmé from death. Anakin agrees to join the Sith.

Palpatine sends Anakin to the Jedi Temple to murder all of the Jedi inside. Across the galaxy, all of the Republic's clone soldiers suddenly betray their Jedi Generals and kill them. This is because the clone troopers are actually under the control of Palpatine. Within minutes, all of the Jedi are dead, except for Yoda and Obi-Wan.

Vader travels to Mustafar, where he kills the Separatist leaders. While he does this, Palpatine makes a speech to the Galactic Senate where he announces the Republic and Separatists will both become the Galactic Empire. Obi-Wan and Padmé find Anakin on Mustafar. Obi-Wan and Anakin fight each other and Obi-Wan cuts off Anakin's limbs. Obi-Wan leaves Anakin scarred and burnt by the lava river and assumes Anakin has died.

Padmé gives birth to twins: Luke and Leia, but dies in childbirth. Obi-Wan and Yoda agree to split up the children. Luke is sent to his aunt and uncle on Tatooine while Leia is adopted by the royal family of Alderaan. Palpatine rescues Anakin and gives him cybernetic limbs and special armour. Palpatine tells Anakin of Padmé's death and Anakin fully embraces his anger and hatred, completing his journey to the Dark Side.



Midway Atoll

Midway Atoll is an island in the Pacific Ocean and was the site of a famous battle in World War II, the Battle of Midway. The United States of America took control of the atoll in 1867 when nobody lived there. In the 21st century about 40 people live there, mostly working for the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.

Midway Atoll is now home to 67-70% of the world's Laysan Albatross population, and 34-39% of the global Black-footed Albatross.

While Midway supports nearly three million birds, each seabird species has carved out a specific site on the atoll in which to nest. Seventeen different species of seabird can be found, the rarest of which is the Short-tailed Albatross, otherwise known as the “Golden Gooney.” Fewer than 2,200 are believed to exist due to excessive feather hunting in the late nineteenth century.

Over 250 different species of looli marine life are found in the of lagoon and surrounding waters. The critically endangered Hawaiian monk seals raise their pups on the beaches. Monk seals are benthic foragers and rely on the Midway Atoll’s reef fish, squid, octopus and crustaceans. Green sea turtles, another threatened species, occasionally nest on the island. The first was found in 2006 on Spitsy Rinaia Island and another in 2007 on Sand Island. A resident pod of 300 spinner dolphins live in the lagoons and nearshore waters.


Beşiktaş J.K.

Beşiktaş Jimnastik Kulübü (Besiktas JK) is a Turkish football club from Istanbul. Besiktas JK was founded in 1903 by 26 young men in "Osman Pasa Konagi".

It was the beginning of the 20th century and it was forbidden then to attend sports activities on a club basis. People were gathering together all around Istanbul. Twenty-six young men (Huseyin Bereket, Mehmet Samil, Ahmet Fetgeri, Mehmet Ali Fetgeri, Fuat Balkan, Muhittin Pasa, Mazhar Kazanci, Nazim Nazif Ander, Haydar Bey, Cami Baykurt, Behcet Bey, Sevket Cenani, Mahmut Naci Bey, Refik Bey, Sukru Pasa, Haci Ahmet Pasa, Kilic Ali, Ziya Karamursel, Kenan Bey, Yuzbasi Fethi Bey, Seraffettin Bey, Seref Bey, Celal Davut, Hami Bey, Fuat Pasa, and Kamil Beyler) gathered together on November in 1902 and decided to found a club. Next year in 1903 the vision came to life and Besiktas JK was founded.

Besiktas is one of the 3 big clubs in Turkey. Others are Galatasaray and Fenerbahçe.

Phosphorus

Phosphorus has the chemical symbol P, and its atomic number is 15. Its mass number is 30.97. It is not found in nature as an element, but as compounds, such as phosphates. There are many different forms. The most common form is a red or white waxy solid.

Phosphorus comes in several forms. White and red phosphorus are the most common forms. White phosphorus is a waxy white solid. When pure, it is colourless. It is insoluble in water, but soluble in carbon disulfide, an organic solvent. It turns light yellow when in air. It glows in the dark because it "burns" very slowly in air.

When exposed to sunlight, or when heated in its own vapour to 250 °C, it is converted to the red variety. This form does not ignite spontaneously and it is less toxic and less flammable than white phosphorus. The red modification is fairly stable and sublimes with a vapor pressure of 1 atmosphere at 417 °C.

White phosphorus is more reactive than red phosphorus. White phosphorus catches fire spontaneously in air, burning to make smoke of phosphorus(V) oxide. If it burns in a little air, it produces poisonous phosphorus(III) oxide. When white phosphorus is heated in an alkali, it disproportionates to produce hypophosphites and phosphine. Red phosphorus can burn but needs to be ignited. Phosphorus reacts with the halogens to make phosphorus halides. It reacts with some metals to make phosphides.

Phosphorus compounds are chemical compounds containing phosphorus. They are listed below with some of their properties. Phosphorus comes in several oxidation states, the number of electrons moved during a redox reaction. -3 is flammable, powerful reducing agent, and toxic; +1 is a strong reducing agent and is rare; +3 is a weaker reducing agent that is poisonous; +5 is not a reducing agent and is very common.








It is an essential component of living systems and is found as phosphate in nervous tissue, bones and cell protoplasm. It is also found in the earth as phosphate rock. Phosphate rock is the main source of phosphorus and phosphorus compounds. Many body tissues have calcium phosphates in them.

Phosphorus was first made by heating a mixture of phosphates and carbon in an iron pot. The phosphates were made by dissolving bones in strong acids and evaporating the solution.

Phosphorus is made now by heating calcium phosphate, carbon, and silicon dioxide in an electric arc furnace. The heat of the electric arc melts the mixture of materials, and phosphorus gas is given off. It is absorbed under water. This makes white phosphorus.

White phosphorus is used in incendiary weapons and smoke grenades. It is also used to make organic compounds that have phosphorus in them. Phosphorus is used to dope semiconductors. Phosphorus is used to remove oxygen from copper. It is also used in making alloys. Red phosphorus is used in matches and flares.

Phosphorus compounds are used for fertilizers, soft drinks, toothpaste, and detergents. Most of these are phosphates. Phosphides can be used to kill rodents.

White phosphorus is very dangerous. It is very toxic and ignites easily, burning with a very hot flame. Red phosphorus is much safer. Some phosphorus compounds are toxic, but the common phosphates are not toxic.


Franklin Pierce

Franklin Pierce (November 23, 1804 – October 8, 1869) was the 14th president of the United States (1853–1857) and is the only president from New Hampshire. Pierce was a Democrat and a "doughface" (a Northerner with Southern sympathies) who served in the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate. Pierce's presidency is mostly remembered for the disastrous Kansas-Nebraska Act which set the country towards Civil War. His presidency is regarded as one of the worst in American history.

Pierce was born on November 23, 1804, in Hillsborough, New Hampshire. He attended school at Hillsborough Center but then moved to Hancock Academy in Hancock at the age of 12. After attending school there for five years, he was transferred to Phillips Exeter Academy in the spring of 1820. After he entered, he felt homesick and returned home. Consequently, his father then put him in a wagon, drove him half way back to school, and left him on the roadside without saying a word. Franklin walked the seven remaining miles back to school. Later that year, he was transferred to Phillips Exeter Academy to prepare for college. That fall, he was sent to Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine. While he was there, Franklin Pierce participated in literary, political, and debating clubs. During his second year there, his grades were the lowest in his class, but he was able to improve them and graduated with the rank of fifth in his class.

Once finished with college, he went to law school in Northampton, Massachusetts. Pierce was admitted to the bar and began law practice in Concord, New Hampshire, in 1827. Franklin Pierce rose to a central position in the Democratic party of New Hampshire and was elected to the lower house in New Hampshire’s General Court in 1828. Pierce served in the State House from 1829 to 1833 and also served as Speaker from 1832 to 1833. Then in 1832, Franklin was elected Democrat to the 23rd and 24th of Congress from March 4, 1833, to March 4, 1837. At 27 years of age, Pierce was the youngest U.S. Representative at that time. In 1836, he was elected by the New Hampshire General Court as a Democrat to the U.S Senate, serving from March 4, 1837, to February 28, 1842. After serving in the Senate, Pierce went back to Concord to resume law practice. He then was U.S. Attorney from 1845 to 1847 for the district of New Hampshire, though he declined Democratic nomination for Governor of New Hampshire and refused the appointment as General of the United States.

On November 19, 1834, Franklin Pierce married Jane Means Appleton. They had three children, all of which died in childhood. Franklin Pierce Jr. died only three days after birth; and Frank Robert Pierce died at four years of age from epidemic typhus; just two months before his inauguration, Franklin Pierce and his family boarded a train bound for Boston. Shortly after, their derailed car started to roll down an embankment. Franklin and Jane survived, merely shaken up, but saw their 11-year-old son Benjamin get crushed to death. Jane Pierce thought the train accident was a divine punishment for Franklin’s pursuit and acceptance of high office.

Franklin Pierce served as President from March 4, 1853, to March 4, 1857. He was the first President to “affirm” his oath of office instead of swearing it (the only other president to do this has been Herbert Hoover). So rather than placing his hands on the Bible, Franklin Pierce placed his hands on a law book. He was also the first President to recite his inaugural address from memory. Surprisingly, Franklin Pierce selected men of different opinions for his Cabinet. Many people expected a diverse group to break up quickly, but the Cabinet stayed together for Pierce’s four-year term.

Franklin Pierce’s toughest challenge as president was the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act in 1854. This act repealed the Missouri Compromise and, in the west, reopened the question of slavery. These and more triggered a series of events known as "Bleeding Kansas". Pro-slavery Border Ruffians, mostly from Missouri, illegally voted in a government. Pierce recognized this and called the Topeka Constitution, set up by Free-Staters, as an act of “rebellion.” Overall, Franklin Pierce is ranked among the least effective Presidents of the United States, as he was unable to steer a steady, prudent course.

After losing the Democratic reelection in 1856, Pierce retired with his wife. Franklin Pierce died in Concord, New Hampshire of cirrhosis on October 8, 1869 at the age of 64. He was buried in Old North Cemetery in Concord.


Ottoman Empire

The Ottoman Empire existed between 1299 and 1923. It controlled the regions from Balkans to Arabia and from Black Sea to North Africa. It was founded as a small tribe and became a major power in 16th century. Its capital was Constantinople (now Istanbul).

The Ottomans originate from the Turkic tribes that escaped from Mongol invasion around 1250. It was formed as a chiefdom in modern-day Bilecik. The Ottomans quickly captured vast territories around Balkans and Anatolia and they conquered Constantinople in 1453.

Ottoman society was multicultural, with Muslims, Catholics, Orthodoxs and Jews. The religious groups had autonomy under the "millet" system. Until 19th century, most non-Muslims did not join the army and paid an exemption tax ("jizye"). Christian boys were recruited to the Ottoman army with "devşirme" system. They were trained to become loyal soldiers and administrators for the Sultan.

With the capture of Levant and Egypt in 1517, the Empire controlled Mediterranean trade routes. This provided a great source of income during the 16th century but became unprofitable with the discovery of Americas. In the 17th century, long wars with Austria, Poland, Russia and Iran weakened the state, and the Empire.

In the beginning of the 18th century, Ottoman society enjoyed relative peace. There was rich cultural activity during what is now known as "Tulip period". Between 1735 and 1792, the Ottoman Empire fought wars against Russian Empire and lost the control of the Black Sea.

After the French Revolution of 1789, Christian minorities began independence movements. In the 19th century, Ottoman Empire implemented military, economic and social reforms. Britain, France and Russia partitioned the remaining Ottoman territories in Africa and the Balkans. 

In the 20th century, Ottoman Empire allied with the German Empire and joined the Central Powers. The government surrendered in 1918 with the armistice of Mudros and signed the Treaty of Sèvres in 1920. Turkish nationalists, who disliked the treaty, started a civil war against the monarchy and the invading armies. The civil war ended in 1923 with the Treaty of Laussane, and the Turkish Republic was proclaimed.

The Ottoman Empire was founded by Osman I in 1299. His son, Orhan, fought against the Byzantine Empire and captured the city of Bursa in 1324. In the late 1300s, the Ottomans began consolidating power in the Balkans. Sultan Murad I defeated Serbia in 1389 at the Battle of Kosovo. He died at the battle, and his son Bayezid I took control. At the 1396 Battle of Nicopolis, he defeated a large crusade of the Christian kingdoms. But Bayezid was deposed by Tamerlane at the Battle of Ankara in 1402. His absence led to a civil war, which is known as the "Fetret period" (Ottoman Interregnum). Mehmed Çelebi defeated his brothers and got the throne. His son, Murad II, besieged Constantinople, but was unsuccessful because of a rebellion in Anatolia. He won a war against the Karamanids in 1423 and also against a large Christian alliance of Hungary, Poland, and Wallachia at the Battle of Varna in 1444. John Hunyadi, a Hungarian general, tried defeating the Ottomans but lost at the Second Battle of Kosovo in 1448.

Mehmed the Conqueror conquered Constantinople on May 29, 1453. He also subjugated Albania and expanded tolerance for the Orthodox Church. Mehmed continued his expansion, followed by his son Bayezid II. Selim I conquered Egypt and the Levant, which were ruled by the Mamluks, in early 1517. He also defeated the Safavid Persians at the Battle of Chaldiran in 1514. The Ottomans were at odds with Portugal over their expansion as well. Suleiman the Magnificent, Selim's son, captured Belgrade and most of Hungary after the Battle of Mohács in 1526. His Siege of Vienna was repulsed by the Holy Roman Empire in 1529. Transylvania, Wallachia, and Moldavia became tributary states to the Ottoman Empire soon afterwards.

In the east, the Ottomans captured Baghdad from the Safavids and partitioned the Caucasus with them. Meanwhile, Suleiman allied with Francis I of France over their mutual hatred of the Habsburgs. That led to Ottoman activity in the Mediterranean, where Rhodes, Tunis, Algiers, and Tripoli were captured. Barbarossa Hayreddin led the Ottoman advance. In 1566, Suleiman died.

The Ottomans lost the Battle of Lepanto in 1571 by Philip II of Spain and his Holy League. The Ottomans recovered by capturing Cyprus from the Republic of Venice. The defeat shattered the myth of Ottoman invincibility. The Ottomans suffered many defeats under Murad III in the next 30 years. The Long War with the Austrian Empire ended a in stalemate, and the Safavids invaded the eastern Ottoman provinces. Murad IV recaptured Iraq and the Caucasus from Persia. The "Sultanate of Women" became an nickname for the Ottoman Empire after the consorts Kösem Sultan and Turhan Sultan became important in the empire and sometimes made even economic decisions in the Sultan's place. The Grand Vizier also took a greater role under the leadership of the Köprülüs. Crete was captured from Venice, and southern Ukraine was captured from Poland.

In 1683, Grand Vizier Kara Mustafa Pasha carelessly opened up the empire to attack when he attacked Vienna and laid siege to the city. The Austrians, Poles, Russians, and Venetians all attacked the Ottomans back in the Great Turkish War. Austria and Poland attacked the overstretched Turks in Hungary and Transylvania while Russia hammered Crimea and eventually captured it from the Turks. Venice settled to attack Greece, which was entirely under Ottoman Turkish occupation. The warring sides signed the Treaty of Karlowitz, which ceded Hungary and Transylvania to Austria, Podolia (southern Ukraine) to Poland, Morea (southern Greece) to Venice, and Azov (a Black Sea port) to Russia.

Russia and Sweden went to war, and the Ottomans got involved by retaking Azov and then making peace. Austria, Russia, Venice, and the Ottomans would go to war several times. By 1739, the Ottomans had retaken the Morea and Serbia. In the 1740s and the 1750s, the Ottomans began to modernize their military. In the 1760s, the Ottomans went to war with Russia again. Russia took over Crimea in 1783 and claimed that Orthodox Christians living in the Ottoman Empire were under Russian protection. Selim III continued modernizing the military, but the elite Janissary corps troops revolted. Napoleon attacked Egypt but was repulsed by the Anglo-Turkish armies.

Serbia revolted and gained nominal independence in 1815, but it remained a vassal of the Ottoman Empire. Greece won its independence after a long war of independence from 1821 to 1829. The al-Saud family revolted in 1811 with the support of the Wahhabi sect. Egypt under Muhammad Ali then almost captured Constantinople, but the Russians repulsed them. The Egyptians settled with the Levant, and the Ottomans tried to retake it but were soundly defeated. The Ottomans was called the "sick man of Europe" because of their incompetence in international affairs.

The Ottoman Tanzimat period brought reform. Conscription was introduced. A central bank was formed. Homosexuality was decriminalised. The law was secularised. The guilds were replaced with factories. The Christian part of the empire became much more advanced than the Muslim part, and that divide created tension. In the 1850s, the British and the French helped the Ottomans during the Crimean War. The Ottoman debts led to a state of bankruptcy, and the European countries began providing loans and controlling the finances of the empire. The Ottomans began wars against Russia over Bulgarian independence. At the 1878 Congress of Berlin, Romania, Serbia, and Montenegro gained complete independence. Bulgaria remained a vassal of the Ottoman Empire. The British took Cyprus, followed by Egypt in 1882.

In 1908, the Ottomans underwent a revolution by the Young Turks. Due to the revolution, Abdul Hamid II abdicated, and Mehmed V was instated. Bulgaria gained independence, and Austria invaded and conquered Bosnia that same year. In 1912, the Ottomans lost Libya to the Italians. The ensuing Balkan Wars saw the Ottomans lose all of their European territories except eastern Thrace to a coalition of Balkan Christian states which included the combined forces of Serbia, Montenegro, Greece, and Bulgaria. The newly independent Bulgaria managed to conquer Edirne and reach a few kilometres from the capital Istanbul which they threatened. The Second Balkan War allowed the Ottomans to attack Bulgaria in conjunction with Romania, Serbia, Montenegro, and Greece and therefore recover Edirne and most of eastern Thrace. Their victory meant little since the unrest continued, with a 1909 countercoup to the Young Turk coup, followed by three countercoups.

In 1914, although they were utterly disorganised, the Ottomans attacked Russia and declared war. Britain and France went to war with the Ottomans, and World War I had come to what remained of the Ottoman Empire. The Ottomans performed better than had been expected early in the war. They won the Battle of Gallipoli, partly because of the incompetence of the British and French commanders. They did not do so well against the Russians in the Caucasus sector and the majority of eastern Anatolia was conquered by Russia who installed an Armenian puppet state. The Ottomans won the Battle of Kut against the British during the Middle Eastern campaign though Iraq was lost later. In 1915, Armenians, Assyrians, Greeks, and others were targeted, and many as 1.5 million people were killed. The Ottoman Empire fell soon after the Arabs revolted in 1916 with British help. Sinai, Palestine, Iraq, Syria, and eventually Anatolia itself fell. The Ottomans surrendered in 1918. Istanbul was occupied by British, French, Italian and Greek troops who began entering the city in November 1918. Many parts of the Ottoman Empire in western Anatolia were occupied by Greece. Southeast Anatolia was occupied by France and southwest was occupied by Italy. The First Republic of Armenia occupied most of eastern Anatolia. 

Ottoman military commander Mustafa Kemal Pasha decided to resign from the Ottoman army and gathered up a Turkish resistance force to push the occupying Allied armies out of Anatolia. Mustafa Kemal decided to set up his base of operations in Ankara. The Turkish War of Independence was a military campaign by the Turkish National Movement under Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, which led to the foundation of the modern Republic of Turkey.

In 1923, the Ottoman Empire formally ceased to exist.

The empire was a hereditary monarchy and followed a Turco-Mongol tradition in which all men in the leader's family could become rulers. The ruler's title was "Sultan" and was used in front of the name (for example, ""Sultan" Süleyman"). The title of "Sultan" was also used for the wives and the daughters of the monarchs but it was used at the end of the name (for example, Hürrem "Sultan""). In the early years of the empire, shahzadahs, the sons of the Sultan, were sent to different parts of the empire (Sanjaks) to get experience of governing. Later, they might be candidates for the Sultanate and the Caliphate.

After Ahmed, the system changed. In the new system, the Sultan would keep his male family members locked in a small apartment called a "kafes" from which they would never be able to see the outside world and take power from him. Sometimes, a new Sultan would kill his male family members to make sure that no one else could be leader.

The women in his harem often sought greater status and influence, and the Sultan's mother could become a powerful political force in the Empire. Each mother in the harem would try to make her own son the next Sultan since they knew that he would probably be killed otherwise.


Strategic bombing

Strategic bombing is a military strategy used to destroy the enemies' economic ability to fight a war. It is an attack from the air. Strategic bombing missions usually attack targets such as factories, railroads, oil refineries and cities. Missions would attack targets such as military bases, command and control facilities, airfields, and ammunition dumps.

The United States Air Force (USAF) has used strategic bombers in later conflicts. 

Strategic bombing was an idea first tried in World War I. It was used by the German Luftwaffe. They bombed Antwerp. Zeppelins were used to bomb England.

However, the strategic bombing in World War II was on a far larger scale than anything which went before. First, In the Battle of Britain the German Air Force almost defeated Britain by attacking the Royal Air Force planes on the ground. This was partly successful, and some think it was a mistake to switch to other targets. The British had primitive radar, good enough to know whereabouts each attack was going. There was time to get the fighters in the air to intercept and damage the attacks.

Despairing of victory this way, the attack was switched to the cities. 
German bombing of London and the larger provincial cities such as Coventry (an industrial city). They used high explosives and incendiary devices to cause fires. 

Once the attacks on British air bases was diverted to the city targets, the Luftwaffe began to lose planes to the defences. The German air force, which had previously fought easy targets (for example, in the Spanish Civil War) began to take losses. Eventually these losses began to tell, and Hitler cancelled the planned invasion. He realised that no invasion across the Channel could succeed while Britain still had an active air force.

United States Army Air Force (USAAF) Colonel Billy Mitchell promoted strategic bombing in the United States. He had new ideas on the strategic, and tactical air war. The first USAAF strategic bomber was the B-17 Flying Fortress. 

In the end, the large bomber fleets of the Allies devastated Nazi Germany with conventional bombs, and the atomic bomb was dropped on the Japan.

After World War II, the Strategic Air Command was located at Omaha, Nebraska, at Offutt Air Force Base. Nuclear weapons became an important mission. 

A full cadre of generals at Offutt participated in many of the missions of the "Looking Glass", a KC-135 air tanker which was stripped and refitted with state of the art electronics which would take over in case the president was killed in wartime. The plane had several generals on board to assume wartime duties. The "red telephone" was an instant connection to the president at the White House. The plane flew all day every day, three planes took off a day in overlapping flights to provide this level of coverage. Since the end of the cold war, this flight ended, however, the Strategic Air Command still maintains the main facility at Offutt AFB - this is where President Bush flew to when the Twin Towers were bombed on 9-11-01 to set up his command center.

Edsel

Edsel was a make of car and a new car making division introduced by the Ford Motor Company on September 4, 1957. The company called that day, "E-Day." It was named after Henry Ford's son, Edsel Ford. The Edsel was also one of the biggest failures in history. It was sold for only three years, ending in 1960.

Ford planned to move their Lincoln brand upmarket and put another make in beneath it. Design of the Edsel began in 1955 under the name "E-car" which stood for "Experimental car". 

Edsel produced four models their first year, the 1958 model year. These were the large Citation and Corsair, and the smaller, easier to buy Pacer and Ranger.

These were the different body styles offered:





The Bermuda, Villager and Roundup were station wagons based on the two smaller Edsel models. They were basically the same as the 1957-59 Ford wagons.

63,110 Edsels sold the first year, which was the second largest car launch for any brand in history. Only the Plymouth introduction in 1928 was better, but still not as many cars as Ford hoped would sell.

There were only 2 Edsels in 1959, the Ranger and the Corsair. Only 44,891 cars were sold in that model year. 

Only the Ranger and Villager were produced in 1960. These were almost exactly like the 1960 Ford cars. Only 2848 cars were built before the Edsel Motor Division was closed on November 19, 1959.

Edsel's failure is very famous because it failed after Ford put US$400,000,000 into its development. It had many innovations which are still in use today, including brakes which adjusted themselves and a very powerful V-8 engine called the "FE-series" that would be used for many years in later Fords. Also, the car did not live up to all of the promises in the advertisements before it was released. Some people blamed the look of the new car because of its very unusual grille shaped like a horse's collar. One famous quote from an auto writer said that the Edsel looked like "an Oldsmobile sucking on a lemon." Quality of the Edsel was a problem as well. Even the name was a problem to some buyers. Worst of all, the U.S. was entering a period of recession. All car sales were down. 

Many drivers did not like having the automatic transmission as push-buttons mounted on the steering wheel hub. Since this was the place the horn was normally found, drivers ended up shifting gears instead of honking the horn. 

The planned 1960 Edsel Comet compact car was relabeled Mercury Comet and sold more cars in its first year than all models of Edsel ever produced. 

Fewer than 6,000 Edsels survive and today they are considered collectors’ items, with convertibles sometimes selling for over US$20,000 if in good condition. As usual with classics, hardtop models are worth considerably less, station wagons less than that, and sedans least of all. It is possible to get a very good 1959 sedan for about US$3000–$3500.


1000

1000 (M) in the Gregorian Calendar was the last year of the 10th century and the 1st millennium in the Christian era ending on December 31. According to the then used Julian Calendar, 1000 AD was a leap year starting on Monday. In the Gregorian Calendar (not invented at the time) the year would have been a common year starting on Wednesday.

It is one of only seven years to use just one Roman numeral. The seven are 1 AD (I), 5 AD (V), 10 AD (X), 50 AD (L), 100 AD (C), 500 AD (D), and 1000 AD (M).



Chino Hills, California

Chino Hills is a city in the U.S. state of California. It is in San Bernardino County. In 2020, 78,411 people lived in Chino Hills. It is named for the hills that cover most of the city.

Learning

Learning is getting new things into your brain. 

There are a number of different types of learning: 
Learning may occur as a result of habituation or classical conditioning, seen in many animal species, or as a result of more complex activities such as play, seen only in relatively intelligent animals. Learning may occur consciously or without conscious awareness. There is evidence for human behavioral learning prenatally, in which habituation has been observed as early as 32 weeks into gestation, indicating that the central nervous system is sufficiently developed and primed for learning and memory to occur very early in development. According to James Zull, Professor of Biology and Biochemistry at Case Western University, "Learn­ing is phys­i­cal. Learn­ing means the mod­i­fi­ca­tion, growth, and prun­ing of our neu­rons, connectionscalled synapsesand neu­ronal net­works, through expe­ri­ence".



Acrocorinth

Acrocorinth is the acropolis of the Greek city Corinth.


Neutron

Neutrons, with protons and electrons, make up an atom. Neutrons and protons are found in the nucleus of an atom. Unlike protons, which have a positive charge, or electrons, which have a negative charge, neutrons have zero charge which means they are neutral particles. Neutrons bind with protons with the residual strong force.

Neutrons were predicted by Ernest Rutherford, and discovered by James Chadwick, in 1932. Atoms were fired at a thin pane of beryllium. Particles emerged which had no charge, and he called these 'neutrons'. They were later added to the modern image of the atom. 

Neutrons have a mass of 1.675 × 10g, which is a little heavier than the proton. Neutrons are 1839 times heavier than electrons. 

Like all hadrons, neutrons are made of quarks. A neutron is made of two down quarks and one up quark. One up quark has a charge of +2/3, and the two down quarks each have a charge of -1/3. The fact that these charges cancel out is why neutrons have a neutral (0) charge. Quarks are held together by gluons.

Neutrons can be found in almost all atoms together with protons and electrons. Hydrogen-1 is the only exception. Atoms with the same number of protons but a different number of neutrons are called isotopes of the same element. 

The number of neutrons in an atom does not affect its chemical properties. However it affects its half-life, a measure of its stability. An unstable isotope has a short half-life, in which half of it decays to lighter elements. By contrast, a stable isotope has a long half-life, much longer than that of an unstable isotope. The stability of an isotope is related to radioactivity: an unstable isotope can be highly radioactive.

Neutrons are the key to nuclear chain reactions, nuclear power and nuclear weapons.


LiveJournal

LiveJournal (often called LJ) is a website on which Internet users can keep a blog. It is also the name of the software that was designed to run it. LiveJournal is different from some other blogging sites, because a user can interact with friends in certain ways that are unique to the website (such as instant messaging in LJ Talk). It is based in San Francisco, California.

LiveJournal was started in 1999 by Brad Fitzpatrick as a way of keeping his high school friends updated on his activities. In January 2005, a blogging software company called Six Apart bought Danga Interactive, the company that was owned by Fitzpatrick, which operates LiveJournal.

LiveJournal has a service called a "friends list", which makes the site a way to socialise with friends and other people, even though it is a blog service too.

LiveJournal lets users change their accounts in several ways. A programming language called S2 can help users make their blogs look different. Users may upload small pictures (maximum 100 by 100 pixels) called "userpics", which appear next to the username. People can pay to get more features, like extra userpics, the ability to record their voices into a post ("voice posts"), the ability to make polls, and better layouts.

Each user also has a "User Info" page, which may contain contact information, a biography of the user, and lists of friends, interests, communities, and even schools the user had attended.

Currently LiveJournal has five kinds of accounts. About 95% of all LiveJournal users use a non-paid account ("plus" accounts). People can pay for their accounts ("Paid" accounts) and get more features, or they can get a "sponsored" account, which is free and has more features, but has advertisements. "Early adopters" are the accounts of people who signed up for LiveJournal back in 1999 or 2000. There are also permanent accounts. Most people can not get a permanent account. LiveJournal only sells them sometimes, and they may not sell them again.

RNA

RNA is an acronym for ribonucleic acid, a nucleic acid. Many different kinds are now known.

RNA is physically different from DNA. DNA has two intercoiled strands, but RNA only has one strand. RNA also has different bases than DNA. These bases are adenine, guanine, cytosine, and uracil.

Adenine bonds with uracil. Guanine bonds with cytosine. In this way, we say that adenine is complementary to uracil and that guanine is complementary to cytosine. Adenine, guanine and cytosine are also in DNA. In RNA, uracil replaces thymine as a complement to adenine.

RNA also has ribose. This is different from the deoxyribose in DNA. These differences result in RNA being more chemically reactive than DNA. This makes it the more suitable molecule to take part in cell reactions.

RNA is the carrier of genetic information in certain viruses, especially retroviruses like HIV. This is the only exception to the general rule that DNA is the hereditary substance.

The main function of RNA is to carry information of amino acid sequences from the genes to ribosomes in the cytoplasm. Ribosomes are where proteins are assembled.

This is done by messenger RNA (mRNA). A strand of DNA is the blueprint for the mRNA which is transcribed from that DNA strand. The sequence of base pairs is transcribed from DNA by an enzyme called RNA polymerase. Then the mRNA moves from the nucleus to the ribosomes in the cytoplasm to form proteins. The mRNA translates the sequence of base pairs into a sequence of amino acids to form proteins. This is called translation.

DNA does not leave the nucleus for many reasons. DNA is a very long molecule, and is bound in with proteins, called histones, in the chromosomes. mRNA is able to move and react with many cell enzymes. The mRNA leaves the nucleus and moves to the ribosomes after it is transcribed.

Two kinds of non-coding RNAs help in the process of building proteins in the cell. They are transfer RNA (tRNA) and ribosomal RNA (rRNA).

Transfer RNA (tRNA) is a short molecule of about 80 nucleotides which carries a specific amino acid to the polypeptide chain at a ribosome. There is a different tRNA for each amino acid. Each one has a site for the amino acid to attach and an anti-codon to match the codon on the mRNA. For example, codons UUU or UUC code for the amino acid phenylalanine.

Ribosomal RNA (rRNA) is the catalytic component of the ribosomes. Eukaryotic ribosomes contain four different rRNA molecules: 18S, 5.8S, 28S and 5S rRNA. Three of the rRNA molecules are synthesized in the nucleolus, and one is synthesized elsewhere. In the cytoplasm, ribosomal RNA and protein combine to form a nucleoprotein called a ribosome. The ribosome binds mRNA and carries out protein synthesis. Several ribosomes may be attached to a single mRNA at any time. rRNA is extremely abundant and makes up 80% of the 10 mg/ml RNA found in a typical eukaryotic cytoplasm.

Small nuclear RNAs (snRNA) join with proteins to form spliceosomes. The spliceosomes govern alternative splicing. Genes code for proteins in bits called exons. The bits can be joined together in different ways to make different mRNAs. Thus, from one gene many proteins can be made. This is the process of alternative splicing. Any unwanted versions of the protein get chopped up by proteases, and the chemical bits re-used.

There are a number of RNAs which regulate genes, that is, they regulate the rate at which genes are transcribed or translated.

Micro RNAs (miRNA) act by joining an enzyme and blocking mRNA or speeding its breakdown. This is called RNA interference.

Small interfering RNAs (sometimes called silencing RNAs) interfere with the expression of a specific gene. They are quite small (20/25 nucleotides) double-stranded molecules. Their discovery has caused a surge in biomedical research and drug development.

Transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements. Retrotransposons copy themselves in two stages: first from DNA to RNA by transcription, then from RNA back to DNA by reverse transcription. The DNA copy is then inserted into the genome in a new position. Retrotransposons behave very similarly to retroviruses, such as HIV.

Viral genomes, which are usually RNA, take over the cell machinery and make both new viral RNA and the protein coat of the virus.

Phage genomes are quite varied. The genetic material can be ssRNA (single-stranded RNA), dsRNA (double-stranded RNA), ssDNA (single-stranded DNA), or dsDNA (double-stranded DNA). It may be between 5 and 500 kilo base pairs long with either circular or linear arrangement. Bacteriophages are usually between 20 and 200 nanometers in size.

Phage genomes may code for as few as four genes, and as many as hundreds of genes.

Some scientists and doctors have used messenger RNA in vaccines to treat cancer and prevent people from becoming sick.

Figure skating

Figure skating is both an art and a sport, in which people skate around on ice, doing jumps and spins. It is done at the Winter Olympics, and it has its own world championships. The name means to make figures or patterns on the ice. People skate with music.

In figure skating, sometimes women or men skate alone, or they skate in couples. Couples dancing includes "pairs" and ice dancing. Pairs skating has jumps, and sometimes the man lifts the woman in the air. These things are not done in ice dancing. In ice dancing, the woman must be held in the man's arms. Another kind of figure skating is synchronized skating done in groups.

The first ever figure skating club was started in 1742 in Edinburgh, Scotland. World Championships began in 1896 (the first in St. Petersburg, Russia). Before the Winter Olympic Games were started, competitions in figure skating were part of the Summer Olympic Games, in 1908 and 1920.

The International Skating Union (ISU) made the rules.

Singles skating is composed of a Short Program and a Free Skate. Both of them have a technical score and a presentation score.


Under the ISU Judging System the Judges focus entirely on evaluating the quality of each element performed (technical aspect) and the quality of the performance. There will be a panel of 9 Judges per segment. Out of these 9 scores, the highest and lowest score of each element or program component are ignored and the average will be taken.

The score for the element is composed of a “Base Value” of each element and the “Grade of Execution - GOE”. GOE is that the Judge grades the quality of the element on a scale of +5 to -5. The total of all the elements scores gives the Technical Score.

The Judges award points on a scale from 0.25 to 10.00 with increments of 0.25 for the Presentation Score to grade the overall presentation of the performance. There are five items in the Presentation Score.

Skating Skills
Transitions, Linking Footwork and Movement
Performance/Execution
Choreography/Composition
Interpretation

There are six types of jump that ISU decides to score. The following items are listed in order of the score (difficulty). There are two types of jumps: edge jump and toe jump. The Axel, loop, and Salchow are edge jumps and the lutz, flip and toe loop are toe jumps.

Spins are classified as Sit spins, Upright spins or Camel spin. Each of them has various variations. Any position which is not basic is a non-basic position.

Sit spin

The position of this spin is that the upper part of the skating leg is at least parallel to the ice.
Upright spin

The position of this spin is any position with the skating leg is extended or slightly bent which is not a camel position.
Camel spin

The position of this spin is any position where the free leg backwards and the knee is higher than the hip level, however Layback, Biellmann and similar variations are still considered upright spins.


Pairs:

Ice dance:



Gabriel

Gabriel in the Bible is an angel, specifically an archangel (arch means "highest" or "chief"). The name means "God is my strength" or "man of God", 

The greeting of the Angel Gabriel opens the prayer Ave Maria.

In the Christian calendar, the Archangel Gabriel is celebrated together with the Archangels Michael and Raphael on September 29th. 

Gabriel is also a given name. Cognates: Hungarian: Gábor. Italian: Gabriele. Finnish: Kaapo. The feminine form of the name Gabriel is Gabrielle.

Gabriel is first mentioned in the Bible, in the book of Daniel, when he appeared to Daniel. In the New Testament, St. Gabriel appears first in the book of Daniel in the Old Testament, the angel announced to Daniel the prophecy of the seventy weeks. And most famously, to Mary to announce the coming birth of Jesus. The Catholic feast of the Annunciation celebrates this visit every year, nine months before Christmas. 

The Bible does not say angels have wings, but Christian artists usually show them that way.

Post office

A post office is a place that is made available by the postal system to post, receive, sort, handle, and to move or deliver mail. postage stamps can be bought to mail things like packages or letters and drop them off there, and the employees deliver it to the destination.


Lahn

The Lahn is a river in Hesse, Germany with a length of .

Its source is in the Rothaargebirge.

It flows through the towns Marburg, Gießen, Wetzlar, and Limburg an der Lahn.

It joins the River Rhine at Lahnstein, near Koblenz.

Rottweiler

The Rottweiler ( or , ) is a breed of domestic dog, regarded as medium-to-large or large. Their coat of fur is mostly black, with brown on the legs and face. They are excellent guard dogs, as well as herding, and companion dogs.

The Rottweiler is one of the oldest of herding breeds. With a history possibly dating back to the Roman Empire, the Rottweiler may be a descendant of ancient Roman drover dogs; a mastiff-type dog that was a dependable, rugged dog with great intelligence and guarding instincts.

Dogs are pack animals. When they feel threatened, they will defend themselves. They will also protect other members of the pack to a certain extent. How they defend themselves, and how close they feel to the rest of the pack (their owners) depends on the dog's nature. It also depends on how they were raised. Since dogs judge dangerous situations differently, they should not be left unattended near a place where people are arguing. They may also judge "unattended" moves of a child as an attack. Therefore, dogs should not be left alone near children.

There is no specific weight for a Rottweiler to qualify to be judged in dog shows. The dog must be neither too thin or too fat for its size. Both males and females must be "medium-large" in size for the American Kennel Club. The General German Rottweiler Club (ADRK) lists 50 kilograms (110 pounds) for males and 42 kilograms (93 pounds) for females .

When the Rottweilers' owners are not experienced, problems arise. Sometimes humans, mostly children, are attacked by these dogs. The attacks are often a result of irresponsible owners. Rottweilers are very intelligent and need equally smart handlers to raise them.

In some areas, breeding certain dogs has been restricted or forbidden.


Anne Murray

Morna Anne Murrary (born June 20, 1945) is a Canadian Pop and Country musician. She was born in Nova Scotia. She was a teacher in physical education. “I wasn’t all that young,” as she told later. “I did go to university and I did teach school for a year. I had my feet planted fairly firmly on the ground when it all began.” But also sang and made records. One of her records, "Snowbird", became a hit late in 1970. The song was not about Christmas, but was popular during the Christmas season. The record became a perennial through association with the holiday.

Murray later had hits with remakes of Beatles ("I'm Happy Just to Dance With You") and Monkees songs ("Daydream Believer"). She also recorded "Shadows in the Moonlight" and "A Little Good News", which became popular.

She publicly retired from a singer in the music industry in 2008 when she had the last concert tour.



Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets by J. K. Rowling is the second novel (published in 1998) in the Harry Potter series of books. A movie of the book was released in 2002.

The story begins as James and Lily Potter's only son, Harry Potter, who is orphaned, spends summer with an aunt, uncle and cousin who do not love him. Harry is visited by Dobby, a house-elf, who is forced to serve the Malfoy family. Dobby warns Harry not to go back to Hogwarts, the magical school that Harry went to the year before, saying that terrible things will happen there. Harry does not listen to the warning, so Dobby causes a mess to make Harry's aunt and uncle angry. They lock Harry in his room for the rest of the summer. Harry is rescued by his best friend, Ron Weasley, Arthur and Molly Weasley's youngest son in a flying car. He spends the rest of the summer at the Weasley home, called "The Burrow". The reader is introduced to the Weasley family, including Ron's younger sister Ginny, who is just starting at Hogwarts.

Mr Weasley, Ron's father, works for the Department of Magic. He is fascinated by "Muggles" (ordinary people) and the way that they manage to live without magic. It is his job to prevent wizards from illegally enchanting Muggle objects. But he does not always do his job in the way the department would like. In fact, he drives his family to catch the school train in a magical Ford Anglia. The magical train leaves Paddington station in London from Platform 9. But because of strange happenings, Harry and Ron miss the train to school.

Harry and Ron go to school, very late, and in disgrace. Harry has not been back at school very long before it becomes clear that everybody inside the school is in danger. One by one students, and even the caretaker's cat, are affected by a strange and frightening spell. As everyone becomes more and more frightened, they start to be suspicious of other people.


Personal computer

A personal computer (PC) is the common name for a type of computer that is most popular in offices and homes. The first PC called the "IBM PC" was made by the company called IBM in 1981, although many computers were made before like the Commodore PET. Smartphones and tablets are also computers for personal use, but they are not often called "personal computers".

Today, most PCs usually have a basic set of software called an operating system. The operating system is responsible for several tasks including providing a user interface (UI). The most popular operating system on PCs is Windows, sold by Microsoft Corporation. PCs made by a company called Apple Inc. use a different system of software called Mac OS that is also made by Apple Inc.

Many free operating systems are available. Some are called Linux operating systems. There are over 300 different Linux "distributions". Each one has a different purpose/feel. Ubuntu Linux is the most-used Linux distribution.

A modern PC has a minimum set of parts to be useful. The "base unit" or "tower" (case) houses the computer parts. Usually, a mouse and keyboard are used for input, however some operating systems need only a keyboard. A monitor is usually needed to view output. In a laptop computer these parts are all together.

Inside the base unit or tower there are many electronic parts. The main parts are the motherboard, CPU, memory, and a data storage device, such as a hard disk or solid-state drive.

The CPU (Central Processing Unit) follows the instructions in the operating system and application programs. The memory, or RAM (random access memory), is for moving information (or data) quickly to and from the processor. The hard disk or solid-state drive hold programs and data while the computer is powered off. Floppy drives, CD-ROM drives, and USB flash drives are used for portable data storage.

Computers sometimes have a modem to send and receive data over a phone line, or more recently, over cable television lines. Computers can also be connected to a computer network using a network card.

Modern PCs have various sockets called ports. The most common ports are known as USB ports.

Computers may be used for work, including doing research using the internet, keeping records; or writing documents. Other uses include communicating, with people across the world using Instant messaging, e-mail or Skype or recreation activity such as playing computer games.

MS-DOS

MS-DOS is a discontinued 16-bit computer operating system by Microsoft Corporation. It stands for "Microsoft Disk Operating System". The operating system implements a command-line interface for the user to input commands (which ran from disk). It was popularly used in PCs before GUI operating systems, such as Microsoft Windows, came out, and still is used in some places today.

MS-DOS is a text-based operating system, meaning that a user works with a keyboard to input data and receives output in plain text. Later, MS-DOS programs were often made to allow control by using a mouse and graphics (even without additionally running Microsoft Windows) especially for video games or to make work more simple and quick (some people still believe that working without graphics is really more efficient).

MS-DOS is called a disk operating system because it was mainly made to interact with the disk (to implement a file system for users and programs); it was loaded into a computer's memory with a floppy disk each time the computer is started (booted) up.

MS-DOS was released as proprietary software, but decades later after most users had gone to other systems, it was released as free software.

MS-DOS stands for "Microsoft Disk Operating System", and came from an operating system Microsoft bought called 86-DOS, originally called QDOS, or "Quick and Dirty Operating System."

OS/2 was made to replace MS-DOS, but that replacement did not succeed. MS-DOS was used to run the Windows operating systems until an operating system known as Windows XP.

Many books were written on how to use MS-DOS. A popular introductory book was "MS-DOS for Dummies", by Dan Gookin, the book in the "For Dummies" series of easy to follow instruction books.

DOS

A disk operating system (DOS) will load from a floppy disk each time a computer starts, and will access that disk for software to complete operations. MS-DOS is probably the most well-known DOS, and was purchased by Microsoft Corporation from a system known as QDOS. As operating systems became more complicated and took up more space, they began to be permanently installed on hard drives, which are faster and more reliable than floppy disks, and can store more data. This was encouraged by a steady drop in hard drive prices.

"DOS"es are usually text-based and without graphics to save space on a floppy disk. Although DOSes have mostly been replaced by Windows, Macintosh, and Linux systems, among others (sporting a GUI, or Graphical User Interface), they are still in use in some places, mostly on older computers. This may be because of a lack of money, the need to use software which still runs on a DOS system, nostalgia for an older operating system, or the belief that text-based systems are more efficient.

Although GUIs are more popular, in times of emergency or when one needs to install special software, a boot disk allows a user to start his or her computer into a DOS.

Internet service provider

An Internet service provider, or ISP, maintains, installs and provides internet connection to residential or commercial areas. Some examples of ISP clients include - homes, coffee shops, hotels, libraries, offices. They usually charge a fee for installing the connection and a monthly fee for maintaining it.

The internet is basically a web of interconnected networks - which are maintained by a huge number of different ISPs. They keep connected around the world by giving their clients access to other ISP networks. This is called peering.

Many ISPs have other services such as e-mail and web hosting service.

ISPs offer different types of connections such as dial-up, DSL, through optical fiber wires, through a cable television connection, or wireless. Communications satellite connections are used mainly in remote areas. Dial-up is the slowest connection, while a direct fiber-optic connection is usually the fastest.

National Women's Hockey League (1999–2007)

The National Women's Hockey League (NWHL) was an ice hockey league in Canada that was formed in 1999 and ended in 2007. The best female players in the world played in this league and in the Western Women's Hockey League. The mayor of Brampton, Ontario, Susan Fennell, was the NWHL's commissioner (president).




Western Women's Hockey League

The Western Women's Hockey League (WWHL) is an ice hockey league in North America. It was formed in 2004. The best female players in the world play in this league and in the National Women's Hockey League (NWHL). Some WWHL teams began in the NWHL. The Minnesota Whitecaps and the Manitoba Maple Leafs continue to be active teams and are playing a number of exhibition games as the league expands to include several new teams.




Yukon

The Yukon is a territory of Canada, north of British Columbia, west of the Northwest Territories, and east of the American state of Alaska. Its population is 31,000. Most of the territory's people live in the capital of Whitehorse. Many of the people are native Canadians (First Nations).

The Yukon became a territory in 1898. It was part of the Northwest Territories from 1870 to 1898. Many people came to live in the Yukon during the Yukon Gold Rush of the 1890s.

Mount Logan, at 5959 metres above sea level, is Canada's highest mountain.

The most important industry in the Yukon is mining.

Saanich

The District of Saanich is a region of Greater Victoria, British Columbia. It is north of the City of Victoria. Over 100,000 people live in Saanich. It is named after the Saanich First Nation.

Some communities within Saanich include Gordon Head, Royal Oak, Cordova Bay, Tillicum-Gorge, Cadboro Bay, Broadmead, Cedar Hill, and Ten-Mile Point.

Saanich Commonwealth Place, a recreation centre first used for swimming and diving at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, is located in Saanich.

Saanich celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2006.

The mayor of Saanich is Richard Atwell.

Emily Carr

Emily Carr (December 13, 1871 – March 2, 1945) was a Canadian artist and writer.

Emily Carr was born in Victoria, British Columbia in 1871. Her parents died while she was a young teenager. She began art lessons when she was sixteen. When she was nineteen, she went to study art in San Francisco. She also studied art in England but she got sick and came back to Victoria. After she got better, she went to France to continue her art studies. She saw paintings by many French artists who were experimenting with new ways of painting. She was most influenced by French impressionism and post-impressionism, though.

When Carr came back to Canada, she had trouble selling her paintings because they looked unusual to many people. Her paintings were even laughed at. She had to make money to support herself so she ran a small apartment house. She was so busy that she did not have much time to paint.

In 1927, she met a famous group of Canadian painters called the Group of Seven. They were impressed by her paintings and she became respected for her art.

In the later years of her life, Carr started writing books. "Klee Wyck" was the title of one of these books. It won the Governor General's Award which is an important award for literature in Canada. She also wrote "The Book of Small." She died in 1945 in Victoria.

Carr painted scenes from nature and from First Nations culture. For example, she painted many Haida and Tlingit totem poles. The Tlingit people called her Klee Wyck, which means "the laughing one." She went on long trips by canoe to visit First Nations villages.

She also liked to paint Canadian nature. She believed it was important that Canadian paintings have a different style than paintings from Europe. She liked the paintings of the Group of Seven because of their originality.

One of Carr's most famous paintings is "The Raven." The Emily Carr Institute of Art and Design was named after her and two schools are also named after her. She is considered one of Canada's most famous artists.

Hatikvah

"Hatikvah" (, , meaning "The Hope") is a Jewish folk song that is the national anthem of Israel. The words of the song were written by Naftali Herz Imber in 1877, and about a decade later, his words were put to music by Shmuel Cohen. The words of the song are based on a longer poem written by Imber himself.

The song tells about the Jews' two-thousand-year-old hope of returning to their homeland of Israel. The words of the song are based on a nine-stanza poem called "Tikvatenu" (, , meaning "Our Hope"), which was written by Imber himself. "Hatikvah" uses only the first stanza and the refrain of Imber's poem. The last line of the refrain was changed, and the words were put to music. The music is from a very old and popular folk song that Samuel Cohen, a Jew born in Spain, found himself humming one day. It is played in a minor key. The words to the song are about the Jews' hope that one day their sadness will be turned into joy.


Virology

Virology is the study of viruses such as the cold virus.

Virologists are responsible for many immunisations against common viruses like the common influenza (Flu) and things like chickenpox and smallpox.


Stanley Cup

The Stanley Cup is a trophy given to the champion of the National Hockey League (NHL) every year.

It was bought by Lord Stanley, the Governor General of Canada, in 1892, for $50. The first team to win it was the Montreal A.A.A. in 1893. Other teams could challenge for it. By 1915, it was awarded on a yearly basis.

The names of players and others such as coaches are put on the cup every year. As a result, the NHL had to make the cup bigger, by adding layers to the bottom. When the first cup was full of names, they made a copy of it, which is now what is awarded.

Today, there are 32 teams in the NHL who each play 82 regular season ice hockey games per year. 16 teams make the playoffs every year; these teams are made up of the top 3 teams from each division by regular season points as well as 2 wildcard teams from each conference . There are 4 best of 7 ice hockey playoff rounds that a team must win to win the Stanley Cup.

The Montreal Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup 24 times, the most of any team. They also won the most in a row: five between 1955-56 and 1959-60.

Henri Richard of the Montreal Canadiens appears the most on the Stanley Cup, 11 times.

The Stanley Cup was not awarded in 2005: there was no NHL season because of a labour disagreement. It was not awarded in 1919, either, because of the influenza epidemic.


Militarization

Militarization is when society gets ready for war and violence. It is connected to militarism, which is a belief that a country should have a strong military. The process of militarization affects many different parts of society and is complex.

The amount of danger that is thought to exist affects how much a country needs to be able to fight and protect itself. If a country does not feel like it is in danger, for example: Canada, it might not have as big of a military or as many weapons. But in Israel, because there is a risk of attack from other countries nearby, the military and defense are important and get a lot of money and people.
This danger could come from:


Militaristic ideas are used in non-military situations. For example, when President Lyndon B. Johnson talked about fighting poverty, and President Richard Nixon talked about fighting drugs, they were not talking about real wars with an enemy that can be defeated. They were talking about how much work, effort, and dedication is needed to solve these problems. Sometimes, politicians use militaristic ideas when they create teams of government workers to solve important political or social problems. These teams are often called "task forces." Using militaristic ideas can also help politicians to have more power, because in war time, the leader of the country has more power than usual.

Militarization of police means when police officers use military equipment and tactics. This includes things like armored vehicles, assault rifles, sniper rifles, grenades, and SWAT teams. It is also connected to when police gather information on the public and political activists in the same way as intelligence agencies and when police use more aggressive methods. A criminal justice professor named Peter Kraska defines the militarization of police as when the police start to act more like the military and follow their ways of doing things.


Tour de France

The Tour de France () is a well known bicycle race. It began in 1903. It is held in France, every summer. In recent years it has ended with a race through the centre of Paris, past the Eiffel Tower. It is among the most famous, and has some of the highest prizes, of bike races in Europe. Recently, it was in the media, because some athletes were doping. The race goes around France, but can have some parts in other countries, including England, Belgium, or Spain as they race in the Pyrenees mountains.

The tour lasts about three weeks. At the end of each day's race the leader is given a yellow shirt, the best sprinter is given a green shirt, and the best rider in the mountain races is given a polka dot jersey. He is sometimes called the King of the Mountains. The best young rider, who must be under 26, gets a white jersey. The winner is the one who finishes the race to Paris in the fastest time. There is a lot of prize money for the teams of the winners of the Tour, but the winner of each day's race also gets prize money.


Joseph Smith

Joseph Smith, Jr. (December 23, 1805 – June 27, 1844) was the founder and first president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He and five associates formally organized the Church in Fayette, New York on April 6, 1830. He presided over the Church until his was martyred. 

Joseph Smith married Emma Hale on January 18, 1827. They were married 17 years, they were the parents of 11 children, 2 were adopted. Joseph and Emma's first 3 children passed away shortly after their birth. In 1831, they adopted twins, one of which, a boy, died before his first birthday. Over the next 12 years, Emma gave birth to six sons, four of them survived infancy and their youngest child was born five months after Joseph's death.

Joseph and his older brother Hyrum were shot to death on 27 June 1844 by a mob of 150 to 200 men. They had been imprisoned in an Illinois jail on false charges of riot and treason after surrendering themselves to the law. Joseph was 38; Hyrum was 44. On 28 June, the bodies of Joseph and Hyrum were prepared and laid out for the estimated 10,000 mourners to view, and on the following day were buried secretly to avoid further attacks or desecration by mobs.

When Joseph Smith was 17 years old, an angel named Moroni. appeared to him one night and told him about a hidden record containing the sacred history of an ancient American civilization.

Shortly after Joseph married Emma Hale an angelic messenger entrusted Joseph with gold plates and an Urim and Thummim to aid in the translation of the Book of Mormon. God provided a Urim and Thummim to His prophets in ancient times (see Exodus 28:30; 1 Samuel 28:6; Ezra 2:63).

When the Book of Mormon was almost finished, the Lord instructed Joseph Smith to formally organize a church. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, was established on April 6, 1830. Joseph published the Book of Mormon, which is a compilation of ancient scripture and is comparable to the Bible. 

On April 6, 1830, he started The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It is often called the Mormon Church. Joseph Smith said that God wanted him to be a prophet and teach other people the things that he learned from God. This church still exists today, with millions of members around the world.

Joseph Smith taught some things that some people did not like. He said that other churches were only partly true. He also said that men could have more than one wife if God commanded them, just like was taught in the Old Testament of the Bible. The Mormons also did not always get along with their neighbors.

Joseph and his older brother Hyrum were shot to death on 27 June 1844 by a mob of 150 to 200 men. They had been imprisoned in an Illinois jail on false charges of riot and treason after surrendering themselves to the law. Joseph was 38; Hyrum was 44. On 28 June, the bodies of Joseph and Hyrum were prepared and laid out for the estimated 10,000 mourners to view, and on the following day were buried secretly to avoid further attacks or desecration by mobs.

Anastasia

Anastasia or Anastacia [an-uh-stey-zhuh, ah-nuh-stah-shuh; Russian uh-nuh-stah-syi-yuh] is a Female name that comes from the Koine Greek. In English, it means "She who shall rise up again", but it is also used to mean "resurrection". The name, and its similar male name, Anastasius, were given to children born during Easter in the early years of Christianity.Ranked #181 in the nation for newborn prevalence in 2021.

The names "Stacey" (also spelled "Stacie", "Stacy" or "Stacee"), "Tasia", and "Stasia" are short for Anastasia. The name “Nastya” are also common shortname for those named Anastasia. 

It is also the name of several important women in history.


Anastasia is also the name of:

Band

In music, a band is a group of people (usually musicians) that get together to sing songs, or perform music. There are different kinds of bands that use different groups of instruments.


Demographics of Nicaragua

About 86 per cent of Nicaraguans are European (but not limited to Spanish) or mixed European and of native ancestry. Most Nicaraguans have Spanish ancestors, but the 19th century saw several waves of immigration from other European countries (mainly from Germany). Most of the Mestizo and European population live in the western and central regions of the country and especially in the cities of Managua, Leon and Granada.

About 9 per cent of Nicaragua's population is black or afro-nicaragüense and they are concentrated in the country's eastern coast, and were brought mostly from Jamaica and Haiti when the region was a British protectorate. There is also a smaller number of Garifuna, a people of mixed African, Caribbean, Angolan, Congoan and Arawak descent.

Just 5 per cent of the population are of pure native descent. Nicaragua's pre-Columbian population consisted of the Nahuatl-speaking Nicarao people of the west, and six ethnic groups including the Miskitos, Ramas and Sumos in the Caribbean region. While very few pure-blooded Nicarao people still exist, the Caribbean peoples have remained distinct. In the mid-1980s, the government divided the eastern half of the country - the former department of Zelaya - into two autonomous regions and granted the African and indigenous people of the region limited self-rule.

There is also a small Middle Eastern-Nicaraguan community of Syrian, Armenian, Palestinian and Lebanese people in Nicaragua with a total population of about 30,000, and an East Asian community of Japanese, Taiwanese and Chinese people of almost 8,000. The minorities speak Spanish and maintain their ancestral languages as well.

Spanish is spoken by about 90% of Nicaraguans; the Nicaraguan dialect has many similarities to Galician, and also has similarities to Argentinian Spanish which uses "vos" instead of "tu", along with the "vos" conjugation. The black population of the east coast region has English as its first language. Several indigenous peoples of the east still use their original languages.

Roman Catholicism is the major religion, but evangelical Protestant groups have grown recently, and there are strong Anglican and Moravian communities on the Caribbean coast. 0.1% of Nicaragua is Buddhist and the religion has been growing in recent years.

Ninety per cent of Nicaraguans live in the Pacific and central lowlands and the adjacent interior highlands. The population is 54% urban.

Carlo Azeglio Ciampi

Carlo Azeglio Ciampi (9 December 1920 in Livorno, Italy – 16 September 2016 in Rome, Italy) was the 10th President of the Italian Republic. His work started in 1999 and ended in 2006. He was followed by Giorgio Napolitano

He is appreciated very much by the Italian people because of his equality and rightness.

Since 1979 he had been President of the Bank of Italy, but his task ended in 1993.

He was also Prime Minister of the Italian government, but his task lasted just a few months, because it was just a technical government,which purpose was to lead the country in a moment of difficulties.

Ciampi died at a hospital in Rome from multiple organ failure caused by pneumonia, aged 95.

Barry Sadler

Barry Sadler (November 1, 1940 – November 5, 1989) was an American soldier, songwriter and writer. In 1966, He recorded a song called "The Ballad of The Green Berets". It was the biggest selling song that year. He later helped write the "Casca" series of books. He died after being shot in the head by a robber.

Nancy Sinatra

Nancy Sandra Sinatra (born June 8, 1940) is an American singer and actress. She was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. She is the elder daughter of Frank Sinatra. She is best known for the song "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'".

She had a younger brother, Frank Sinatra, Jr. and has a younger sister, Tina Sinatra.

The Rascals

The Rascals (formerly known as The Young Rascals) were an American pop-soul group popular in the 1960s.

They are known for their songs: Good Lovin', Groovin', A Beautiful Morning, and People Got To Be Free. Their members were: Felix Cavaliere (lead vocals and keyboard), Eddie Brigati (vocals), Gene Cornish (guitar) and Dino Danelli (drums).

Dino Danelli died on December the 15, 2022, at the age of 78 years old. He died from an illness in a hospice in New York.

Percy Sledge

Percy Sledge (November 25, 1940 – April 14, 2015) was an American R&B singer. He was born in Leighton, Alabama. He was best known for his song "When a Man Loves a Woman".

Sledge died of liver cancer in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, aged 74.


Tommy Roe

Tommy Roe (born May 9, 1942) is an American singer and guitarist. He was popular in the 1960s. His best known songs were "Sweet Pea" and "Dizzy".

The Box Tops

The Box Tops were a 1960s pop music group, from Memphis, Tennessee. Their best known songs are "The Letter" and "Cry Like A Baby".



James K. Polk

James Knox Polk (November 2, 1795 – June 15, 1849) was the 11th president of the United States. He only served one term as president. Before he was president, he was Speaker of the House of Representatives (1835–1839) and the governor of Tennessee (1839–1841).

James Knox Polk was born on November 2, 1795 in Pineville, North Carolina. His parents were Samuel Polk and Jane Gracey Polk. James’ father was an American surveyor, slave owner, planter, and businessman. It is unknown what his mother did. It is thought she was a housewife. He was very sickly as a child, so he did not do much farm work. He had surgery at 17 years old to remove bladder stones. Anesthesia was not invented yet, so he was awake the entire surgery. He was in a debate club in college. Polk studied law under a leading Nashville lawyer. He then worked as a lawyer and a statesman. He married Sarah Childress on January 1, 1824. They had no children together.

The Democratic Party named Polk as their choice for the 11th President of the United States in May 1844. He won the election in November and started his term on Tuesday, March 4, 1845. Polk's vice president was George M. Dallas. During Polk’s four years in office, he got to do a lot of the things he wanted to do. He restarted the Independent Treasury System (a way for the U.S. to manage its money) after one of the presidents before him stopped it. He also made tariffs (taxes on items moving between the U.S. and other countries) smaller. The most important thing Polk did was add more land to the U.S. He got more land in Oregon Country by making an agreement with Britain. He also let Texas join the United States. That made Mexico's government angry and caused the Mexican–American War. The U.S. won the war, so Polk got more land from Mexico. He succeeded at the four most important things he wanted to do during his presidency. Polk was not perfect though. The new land he got made the argument about slavery worse. That argument was one of the causes of the Civil War.

James K Polk became a private citizen at the end of his 4 years in office. He and his wife decided to move to their Nashville home in Nashville, Tennessee because they wanted to retire and live a quiet life. Instead of directly returning to Tennessee, the Polks decided to tour the Southern states. Along the way he gave many speeches to the public. Within two weeks, James’ health suffered from the strains of travel. As the trip continued, the Polks were often forced to stop along the way to allow James to rest. The rest did not help. After arriving at their Nashville home, James Polk again fell ill and complained of horrible stomach pains.  This time James had a serious disease called cholera. At the age of 53, James Knox Polk died on June 15, 1849. On his deathbed James asked his wife to free their slaves when she died. Sarah lived 42 more years and the Civil War freed their slaves long before she died. He was first buried at the Nashville City Cemetery then moved to his Nashville home but was later moved to the Tennessee state capitol after his Nashville home was later sold. He had the shortest retirement of any president, dying only three months after leaving office.


Al Gore

Albert Arnold "Al" Gore Jr. (born March 31, 1948) is an American politician, businessman and environmentalist. He was the 45th vice president of the United States from 1993 to 2001 under Bill Clinton. Before becoming vice president, he was a United States senator from Tennessee from 1985 to 1993. He was also a United States representative from 1977 to 1983 and again from 1983 to 1985.

He was chosen as the Democratic nominee of the 2000 United States presidential election, but lost the electoral college vote to Republican candidate George W. Bush because of Florida recount and the U.S. Supreme Court ruling a 5-4 favor of Bush. He was supposed to be president before the supreme court decision. Gore got more votes, though.

After the election, Gore became an activist focusing on climate change. Gore won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007.

Albert Gore, Jr. was born at Columbia Hospital for Women in Washington, D.C. He is the second of two children. His father, Albert A. Gore Sr. was a Senator for Tennessee and congressman. His mother, Pauline LaFon Gore was one of the first women to have graduated from Vanderbilt University Law School. Gore is descended from Scots-Irish immigrants who first settled in Virginia in the mid-17th-century, and moved to Tennessee after the Revolutionary War. At least two of these ancestors, Jacob Waggoner and Lewis Stunston, owned slaves. Gore was brought up in both Washington and Tennessee. His older sister was Nancy LaFon Gore, who was born in 1938, died of lung cancer in 1984.

Gore was a Representative from 1977 to 1985 and a Senator from 1985 to 1993. In 1988 he ran for president for the first time, but lost to Michael Dukakis in the Democratic primary. In 1993, he became vice president to Bill Clinton. He ran for president in 2000, but lost to George W. Bush (many people still argue this). Even though he lost the race, Gore won in the popular vote by over 500,000 votes.

Gore is now a businessman, and runs and works for several companies, including Generation Investment Management, Google, Apple, and TV channel Current.

He is also a fighter for issues involving the environment. He released a movie in 2006 about global warming and climate change called "An Inconvenient Truth", which was based on a slide show he had given to millions of people. In 2007, Gore won the Nobel Peace Prize which he shared with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

Interest in having Gore run for the 2016 Presidential election arose in 2014 and again in 2015. Gore did not run in 2016 and has expressed no interest to run in future elections.

He currently lives in Nashville and was married to Tipper for 40 years. In June 2010, they filed for divorce. The Gores have 4 children and 2 grandchildren.

Pumpkinhead II

Pumpkinhead II: Blood Wings is a 1994 movie about a young boy named Tommy, a misfit and deformed teenager who had no friends.

One day, Tommy is killed by a gang of bad boys from his home town for no reason at all. Miss Ossie was an old lady who used to take care of Tommy from the very beginning. When the young boy is killed, she decides to bury him in her backyard as a way to keep him around anyway. Several years later in the 1990s, a bunch of teenagers go to Miss Ossie's house and they do something that brings Tommy back to life. Some kind of spelling that resurrect the deformed kid. For some reason, Tommy comes back as an angry and even more grotesque creature who wants to take revenge on the people who killed him in the past and innocent people as well.

THX 1138

THX 1138 is a 1971 movie and was the first feature movie directed by George Lucas and executive produced by Francis Ford Coppola and Coppola's production company American Zoetrope.

It was based on a short film Lucas made in college in 1967 called "Electric Labyrinth THX 1138 4EB".

Bat

Bats are mammals in the order Chiroptera. Bats are nocturnal – they are active during the night, dusk, or dawn and they sleep during the day.

Most use echolocation to catch prey and to find their way about. As nighttime animals, bats avoid direct competition with birds, few of which are nocturnal.

Bats usually live in caves or trees. In North America and in Europe they sometimes live in people's houses or barns. They are protected animals in the UK.

Bats are a successful group. They are the second largest order of mammals: there are more than 1,400 species of bats. This means that 20% of all living mammal species – one in five – are bats.

About 70% of bats are insectivores, which is the basal form of life for this group. The common pipistrelle is a successful example. Most of the rest are fruit-eaters (fruit bats). A few species suck blood, and a few large ones are carnivorous.

Bats live everywhere except the Arctic, Antarctic and a few oceanic islands. They usually roost in caves, old buildings, or trees.

Traditionally, bats are divided into two groups. Microbats mostly use echo-location and catch insects, but just a few eat fish or drink blood. Megabats do not echolocate, but instead eat fruit or nectar.

Most of the bats are well known for their uncanny capability to fly in dark places. Most bats use sound to navigate during the night by echolocation. Bats can fly and find their food by listening to the outcoming echoes and sending out high-frequency squeaks even in total darkness.


The phylogenetic relationships of the different groups of bats have been the subject of much debate. The traditional subdivision between Megachiroptera and Microchiroptera reflects the view that these groups of bats have evolved independently of each other for a long time, from a common ancestor which was already capable of flight.

The hypothesis was that flight only evolved once in mammals. Most molecular biological evidence supports the view that bats form a single or monophyletic group.

There are few fossilized remains of bats, as bats are terrestrial and light-boned. An Eocene bat, "Onychonycteris", was found in the 52-million-year-old Green River Formation in Wyoming, United States, in 2003. It could fly, but the well-preserved skeleton showed the cochlea of the inner ear could not achieve the great hearing ability of modern bats. This was evidence that flight in bats developed before echolocation. The team said it lacked ear and throat features not only of echolocating bats today, but also in other known fossil species. Fossil remains of other Eocene bats, "Icaronycteris", "Archaeonycteris", "Palaeochiropteryx", "Hassianycteris" and "Australonycteris" all show a similar mixture of basal and derived traits, as expected by mosaic evolution.

All Eocene bats had long tails. This feature is also found in early flying insects in the Carboniferous, in early pterosaurs and in "Archaeopteryx" and other dinobirds. The tail helped to keep their flight stable, which means it kept on course, and did not dart about much. To dart about quickly requires special advanced brains and reflexes, which later bats, birds and pterosaurs had, but early ones did not. It requires more brains to control unstable flight than it does for stable flight. That early bats had long tails was predicted by John Maynard Smith before any fossil early bats were found.

"Onychonycteris" had longer hind legs and shorter forearms, similar to climbing mammals that hang under branches such as sloths and gibbons. This palm-sized bat had broad, short wings, suggesting it could not fly as fast or as far as later bat species. Instead of flapping its wings continuously while flying, "Onychonycteris" likely alternated between flaps and glides while in the air. Such physical characteristics suggest this bat did not fly as much as modern bats do, rather flying from tree to tree and spending most of its waking day climbing or hanging on the branches of trees.

An interesting thing about bats is that even though they can see with their eyes, they also use their ears to help them 'see' in the dark. Because of this, they can fly into very dark places where no eye could see. This way of sensing is called echolocation. Echolocation means they use echoes to find where things are.

Echolocation is like sonar, which submarines and ships use to find things underwater. This is how it works: when a bat flies, it makes lots of sounds. "We" cannot hear these sounds (they are too high-pitched), but bats can hear them. Biologists have instruments to record them, and then play them back at a lower frequency so humans can hear them.

When a bat makes its noises, the sound waves move away from the bat. If they hit something, they bounce back to the bat (this bounce is called an "echo".) If nothing bounces back, the bat knows there is nothing in front. They use this echolocation to catch their food, like butterflies or dragonflies. When a bat begins its nightly exploration, it usually sends out about 10 calls per second. From the echo they know what is in front. When they get an echo from something good to eat, the calls increase up to 200 calls per second. This increase of sounds is called a "feeding buzz". The bat makes a feeding buzz to sense all the quick moves of the insect it is trying to catch.

Hearing and understanding the echoes that go back to the bat takes special structures in the bat's brain. Because of this, many scientists, doctors, and even the U.S. army study bats carefully. The U.S. army spends hundreds of thousands of dollars every year to study echolocation in bats.

Bats also have reasonably good eyesight, and can see their prey and where they are flying if it's not too dark. There are lots of stories about bats flying right into people, but this is not true. They can see in the light very well, and in the dark, they can see much better than us. So the expression "blind as a bat" is not very scientific.

Some bats use echolocation to communicate with each other to find food in groups. Scientists from the Max Planck Institute of Animal Behavior studied the bat "Molossus molossus", which hunts insects in groups. They found the bats could understand echolocation noises made by other bats and even tell which other bat in their group had made the sound, like people recognizing each other's voices.

Bats fly with their hands. In fact, the name of the order of bats, "Chiroptera", means 'hand-wings' in Greek.

Bat and bird wings are different. Birds do not have long finger-like bones in their wings like bats. Birds can not move each of their fingers, but bats can. Because of this, bats can change their direction while flying or fly in any pattern they want: this makes it easier to catch their food. A bat flies as if they are "swimming" through the air – pushing both wings down and backward.

A bird's wing has lots of feathers, while a bat's wing is mostly a stretchy, thin skin called a patagium. This thin membrane of skin stretches between each finger bone, connects to the bat's ankle, and connects to the bat's tail (if it has one). A bat folds its wings next to its body when not flying.

Bats have one claw (sometimes called a "bat thumb") that sticks out of the top of the wing. They use their "thumb" to climb and crawl. Interestingly, bats also use their thumbs to clean their ears.

Bats' wings have a lot of maneuverability (they can change direction quickly) – more so than a bird, in fact – but they do not have a lot of lift. Because of this, bats usually have to climb up onto a tree or jump up into the air for the boost before they start flapping their wings.

Even though bats are very small, they live a long time. Some bats can live forty years. Scientists think this is because their immune systems are very good at fighting viruses. Bats fight viruses without having inflammation in their bodies. Doctors think inflammation causes harm to the body, so they think this could be why bats live a long time.

Because bats rest in large groups with many other bats, they can pass diseases to each other easily. This means that over thousands of generations, viruses and other germs have placed selective pressure on bats, killing bats with weak immune systems and leaving bats with good immune systems to survive and have young.

Many viruses that start in bats later change and become dangerous diseases in humans, for example Ebola and SARS-CoV-2.

Megabats eat fruit, nectar or pollen. They pollinate flowers and sometimes spread their seeds. Many tropical plants completely depend on bats.

Most microbats (7 out of 10 bat species) are insectivorous, that is, they eat insects. Some microbats eat small vertebrate animals (small mammals or fish), blood, or even other bats. There are only a few species of vampire bats, which eat blood from cattle.

Most bats rest, sleep and hibernate in an upside-down position. They hang on to branches or rocks with their feet. To do this they have a locking mechanism on the tendons in their feet which stops them from slipping. The energy they spend hanging on is greatly reduced. The most obvious gain is that they can sleep without falling off. Once the tendons are locked, the muscles in their legs and feet can relax. Even dead bats stay hanging.


In the United Kingdom all bats are protected by law, and even disturbing a bat or its roost can be punished with a heavy fine.

Austin, Texas is the summer home to North America's largest urban bat coven (under the Congress Avenue bridge), an estimated 1,500,000 Mexican free-tailed bats, who eat an estimated 10 to 30 tons of insects each night, and attract 100,000 tourists each year.

In Sarawak, Malaysia bats are protected species, but the large naked bat and greater nectar bat are eaten by the local communities.

In the West, bats are associated with vampires, who are said to be able to change into bats. Bats are also a symbol of ghosts, death and disease. However bats are said to be lucky in some European countries, such as Poland.

The bat is used in fiction by both villains like Dracula and heroes like Batman. Kenneth Oppel wrote a series of novels, beginning with "Silverwing", which feature bats as good characters.

Miguel de Cervantes

Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra (29 September 1547 – 23 April 1616) was a Spanish writer. His most famous book was "Don Quijote de la Mancha". It is considered the first modern novel, and therefore Cervantes was the first novelist. The book has been published in 65 countries. The work is considered among the most important in all of literature. He is sometimes called "The Prince of Satire".

Nobody knows for sure the reasons that forced Cervantes to leave Castile. Whether he was a "student" of the same name, a "sword-wielding fugitive from justice", or fleeing from a royal warrant of arrest, for having wounded a certain Antonio de Sigura in a duel, is another mystery. 

In any event, in going to Italy, Cervantes was doing what many young Spaniards of the time did to further their careers. Rome would reveal to the young artist its ecclesiastic pomp, ritual, and majesty. In a city teeming with ruins Cervantes could focus his attention on Renaissance art, architecture, and poetry (knowledge of Italian literature is readily discernible in his own productions) and on rediscovering antiquity. He could find in the ancients "a powerful impetus to revive the contemporary world in light of its accomplishments". Thus, Cervantes' continuing desire for Italy, as revealed in his later works, was in part a desire for a return to an earlier period of the Renaissance.

By 1570, Cervantes had enlisted as a soldier in a regiment of the Spanish naval elite corps, Infantería de Marina, stationed in Naples, then a possession of the Spanish crown. He was there for about a year before he saw active service. In September 1571 Cervantes sailed on board the "Marquesa", part of the galley fleet of the Holy League, Spain, the Republic of Venice, the Republic of Genoa, the Duchy of Savoy, the Knights Hospitaller based in Malta, and others, under the command of King Philip II's illegitimate half brother, John of Austria, that defeated the Ottoman fleet on October 7 in the Gulf of Lepanto near Corinth, at great cost to both sides. Though taken down with fever, Cervantes refused to stay below, and begged to be allowed to take part in the battle, saying that he would rather die for his God and his king than keep under cover. He fought bravely on board a vessel, and received three gunshot wounds – two in the chest, and one which rendered his left arm useless. In "Journey to Parnassus" he was to say that he "had lost the movement of the left hand for the glory of the right" (he was thinking of the success of the first part of "Don Quixote"). Cervantes always looked back on his conduct in the battle with pride; he believed that he had taken part in an event that would shape the course of European history.

Game Boy line

The Game Boys are a group of handheld video game consoles made by Nintendo that ran from 1989 to 2009.

The first Game Boy was released in 1989. It had a small screen, a D-pad, Start and Select keys, and an A and B button. To play games, there were small objects called cartridges that you put into the Game Boy to play the game in the cartridge. The game that made it popular, and the system's launch title, was Tetris. The Game Boy had a link cable and a link port which let it connect with other Game Boys to play games in multiplayer mode.

After the Game Boy, Nintendo released the Game Boy Pocket, which was a smaller Game Boy more convenient to carry around. It had a better, sharper screen and it only needed two AAA batteries instead of four AA. The link port was smaller than the Game Boy's, so the Game Boy and Game Boy Pocket could not connect with the original connector cable; a newer model cable with double-sided ends was needed to do this.

The Game Boy Light was only released in Japan and had a front-light (the blue light used on old watches) so people could see better. It is very rare - only about 12,000 of them were manufactured. Because it is rare, it sells for more money than other Game Boys.

The Game Boy Color was the first Game Boy in color. It was also able to play Game Boy cartridges, which helped it sell better. This also helped other Game Boy models after the Game Boy Color. It is sometimes called the GBC.

The Game Boy Advance is a handheld that had better color and smaller cartridges. It could play more advanced games than the previous Game Boys. It is sometimes called the GBA. It came out in March 2001.

The Game Boy Advance SP was an improved version of the original "GBA". It has a clamshell design, which means you can fold it to make it smaller when you're not using it. It has a front-lit screen (better than the one on the Game Boy Light), which the Game Boy Advance did not have. It can play Game Boy and Game Boy Color games, along with the new cartridges introduced with the GBA. A newer model, labeled the AGS-101, was released which had an even better backlight and very good contrast; some people say it is the best way to play Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance games.

The Game Boy Micro is a smaller variation of the GBA. It has a smaller link port than the Game Boy Advance. Its backlight and contrast are as good as the 101 model of the Game Boy Advance SP. Unlike its predecessors, it cannot play GB or GBC games.

The Nintendo DS line is the successor to the Game Boy line. It consists of the Nintendo DS and the Nintendo 3DS.

When Nintendo released the Nintendo DS handheld in 2004, they said it was a "third pillar" (the other two pillars were the Game Boy and the home console). It has two screens, one of which is a touch screen. DS games use cards in Slot 1. Slot 2 can accept Game Boy Advance games. A newer model, called the DS Lite, released in 2006, also plays GBA games. But like the GBA Micro, neither of them can play original Game Boy or Game Boy Color games. The DSi and DSi XL, released in 2008 and 2009, replaced the GBA slot with an SD Card. This makes it impossible to play GBA games. Some DS games also included extra features contained in "option paks", which were just like GBA games. So these features could not be used on those DS games if they were played on the DSi or DSi XL.

Like the DSi and DSi XL, the 3DS line lacks a GBA slot. However, GB and GBC games can be downloaded through the Virtual Console. Those who bought a 3DS prior to the 2011 price drop were lucky to download ten GBA games, along with ten NES games, through the Ambassador Program. While the NES games became available to the public, the GBA games remain exclusive to the Ambassadors.

Pope Paul VI

Pope Paul VI (; ), born Giovanni Battista Enrico Antonio Maria Montini, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 263rd Pope from 1963 until his death in 1978. Paul was a spiritual leader and the head of the church bureaucracy. Pope Benedict XVI declared in 2012 that Paul had lived “a life of heroic virtue.” Two years later he was beatified by Pope Francis. He was canonized by the same pope in October 2018.

Montini was born in Concesio. That is near Brescia in northern Italy. His father was editor of a Roman Catholic newspaper. He received degrees in civil and canon law, theology and philosophy.

Montini was ordained and celebrated his first mass in 1920. He worked in the Vatican diplomatic corps. During World War II, he was in charge of the Vatican's work for refugees and prisoners of war. He was made Archbishop of Milan in 1954. Pope John XXIII made Montini a cardinal in 1958.

Cardinal Montini was elected Pope in 1963. Pope Paul continued the Second Vatican Council which was begun by Pope John XXIII. His first encyclical is the only one in the Vatican archives which is in the handwriting of the pope who delivered it. Paul VI was known as the "pilgrim" pope for his numerous travels. He was the first pope to fly in an airplane. 

In 1964, Paul was the first pope to travel from Rome to the Holy Land. He flew first to Amman in Jordan. Then he traveled by car to Jerusalem. In 1970, the pope visited Australia, the Phillipines, and Indonesia. In 1975, Paul declared 1975 to be a "jubilee" year with themes of renewal and reconciliation.

In 1978, Prime Minister Aldo Moro was kidnapped in Rome. Pope Paul VI made an offer to exchange his life for Moro's. The offer was not accepted. Moro was killed 55 days later.

At the age of 80, Pope Paul VI died at Castel Gandolfo, Italy, from a heart attack.

The Pope Paul VI Hall is the modern building in which mass papal audiences are held.


Serafian, Michael. (1964). "The Pilgrim." New York: Farrar, Straus. OCLC 386084?


Macau

The Macao Special Administrative Region (Macau or Macao, ) is one of China's two Special Administrative Regions. (The other one is Hong Kong). Macau is a small city in the southern coast in China. Like Hong Kong, Macau also has a large amount of autonomy, with its own passport, currency, economic rules, and constitution.

It consists of Macau Peninsula (Aomen Bandao), Taipa Island (Dangzai Dao), Coloane Island (Luhuan Dao) and Cotai (Ludangcheng), the new reclaimed land between Taipa and Coloane. It is very densely populated, with over half a million people living in just over 12 square miles.

Macau used to be a colony of Portugal. Although Portuguese is an official language alongside Chinese (as a result of it being a Portuguese colony in the past), very few Macanese actually speak Portuguese; only about 0.7% speak it at home. As a matter of fact, English is more commonly spoken, despite it not being an official language (about 2.3% speak it at home). Cantonese is the main dialect of Chinese spoken in Macau. However, Mandarin has also become more common since Portugal returned it to China in 1999.

Today, Macau mostly makes money from offshore gambling. In fact, Macau generated 7 times greater gambling revenue than Las Vegas in 2013. People in Macau also make some money from exporting clothing.

As Macau was previously a Portuguese colony, you can easily find traces of how the Portuguese culture is presented in the city. One of them is itinerary for couples, who are intending to spend a day exploring Macau.

Macau’s economy relies on gambling. Eighty percent of the government’s revenue is derived from gambling. The revenue generated by gambling in 2019 was $36.5 billion, which is about 6 times larger than Las Vegas. Macau has 41 casinos including several that belong to Wynn resorts and Sands.

Macau is the only part of China where gambling is legal. Many of the customers of casinos are wealthy Chinese.

Around 2020 Chinese new year authorities closed down travel from China to Macau. Visits fell eighty percent. It is estimated by some observers that the 2019–20 coronavirus outbreak will cost Macau between 5-15 percent of its gambling revenue.

Taipei

Taipei City () is the capital city of the Republic of China, known by most people simply as Taiwan. It is the largest city in Taiwan. It has a monsoon humid subtropical climate ("Cwa" in the Köppen climate classification). Its population in 2014 was about 2.7 million people. Its mayor is Ko Wen-je.

Taipei is the political, economic, educational, and cultural center of Taiwan island, and one of the major hubs of Greater China. Considered to be a global city, Taipei is part of a major high-tech industrial area. Railways, Taipei Metro, high-speed rail, highways, airports, and bus lines connect Taipei with all parts of the island. The city is served by two airports – Taipei Songshan and Taiwan Taoyuan. Taipei is home to various world-famous architectural or cultural landmarks which include Taipei 101, Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, Dalongdong Baoan Temple, Taipei Zoo, National Taiwan University, Hsing Tian Kong, Lungshan Temple of Manka, National Palace Museum, Presidential Office Building, Taipei Guest House, Ximending, and several night markets dispersing over the city. Its natural features such as Maokong, Yangmingshan, and hot springs are also well known to international visitors.

In 1626, Spanish people took over and started to spread their religion. The Dutch moved out Spanish and took over their fortresses than the Dutch started their trading business. In 1661 Koxinga came to Taiwan and expel the Dutch. And he started to reclaim Taiwan, used a system called Tuntian (a state-promoted method of agriculture), it successfully help Taipei to grow more food. Taipei officially became part of the Tianxing county of China.

In 1683 Taiwan got marked as part of the Qing Dynasty. Therefore, a lot of Chinese moved into Taipei, so there were many villages and streets formed, like the Mengjia, Shilin Street, Xikou Street and Dadaocheng. Dadaocheng is a place that produces tea, it has an important impact on how Taipei became prosperous. It was the biggest external trade port that . Foreign countries started to set their business stores in Taipei.

Taipei City is divided into 12 districts. Among the notable one is Tamsui.
When compared to other Asian cities, Taipei has "excellent" capabilities for managing air quality in the city. Its rainy climate, location near the coast, and strong environmental regulations have prevented air pollution from becoming a substantial health issue, at least compared to cities in southeast Asia and industrial China. However, smog is extremely common and there is poor visibility throughout the city after rain-less days.

Motor vehicle engine exhaust, particularly from motor scooters, is a source of air pollution in Taipei. There are higher levels of fine particulate matter and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the mornings because of less air movement; sunlight reduces some pollution.


Bob Chiarelli

Robert (Bob) Chiarelli (born September 24, 1941) is a retired Canadian politician, who from 2001 to 2006 was the mayor of Ottawa. In 2006, Chiarelli was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario, serving as the Member of Provincial Parliament for the riding of Ottawa-West-Nepean. In the 2018 Ontario provincial election, Chiarelli was not reelected and decided he would retire from politics. Chiarelli grew up in Ottawa, and was married to the late Carol Chiarelli.

Skeleton

A skeleton is the hard structure that protects the internal organs of a living thing. Skeletons can be inside the body or outside the body. In mammals, which include humans, the skeleton is made of bones. All the bones, when they are joined together, make the "skeletal system" of a body. The skeletal system or "skeleton" is under the skin, the muscle and the tissue of the body. The skeleton supports the skin, muscle and tissue, and all the organs that are inside the body. The skeleton protects important internal organs like the brain, heart and lungs. If humans did not have a skeleton then the body would be flat as the skeleton gives the body its frame.



The important parts of a human body are the head, the spine, the chest, the abdomen, the arms and hands, and the legs and feet. 

The head bones all together are called the skull. 

The spine supports the head, the chest and the structure that carries the arms. It is made of small bones called vertebrae. The spine, all together, is called the spinal column. It is not straight, but has curves that help to support the body, and help the person to move and bend. One bone is a "vertebra". More than one are "vertebrae".
The "vertebrae" have different names, depending on the part of the body they are joined to. 

This part of the body is made of the sacrum and the two pelvic bones which are joined to it on either side. The pelvic bones are carried by the leg bones, and they support the "spinal column". Each pelvic bone has a strong structure for the leg bone to fit into, so that a person can stand, walk, run and jump. Each pelvic bone spreads into a large flat plate which supports the person's "internal organs". The pelvis of a woman spreads into a wider shape than a man's, so that when the woman is pregnant, the baby is supported by the pelvis, until it is ready to be born. At the bottom of the pelvis is a large opening, big enough for a baby to pass through.

The chest is called the thorax, and the vertebrae that are part of it are the thoracic vertebrae. The thorax is made up of long flat curved bones called ribs. At the back, the ribs are joined to the vertebrae. At the front, most of the ribs are joined to the sternum, which is often called the "breast bone". All together, the "thorax" protects the heart, lungs and stomach. 

At the top of the "thorax" is the shoulder girdle. This is made of two thin horizontal bones at the front, joined to the "sternum". These two bones are called the clavicles or "collar bones". At the back of the "thorax" are two flat triangular-shaped bones called the scapulae, or "shoulder blades". The "clavicles" and "scapulae" come together on each side to make "shoulders". The bones of the arms fit into sockets (cup-like holes) in the "scapulae".

Arms and legs both have a thicker bone at the top and two thinner bones at the bottom. They both have a rotating joint at the top, and a hinge joint in the middle. The hands and feet have lots of bones and are joined to the arms and legs by small bones with sliding parts. 



A skeleton, or just a skull, has often been used as a symbol for death and poison. 

Skeletons, particularly living skeletons, have often been used in horror stories and comedies.

Catalan

Catalan might mean:

GP2X

The GP2X is a handheld gaming console. It uses the Linux operating system. An operating system goes inside another system. It helps the other system do what it needs to. The GP2X can have music, videos, games, and pictures. There are updates to the GP2X so it will get more things. The GP2X can have DivX, XviD, MP3, and Ogg Vorbis. DivX and XviD are ways to keep videos and MP3 and Ogg Vorbis can keep music. It can also be able to emulate video games. Emulating means you copy a system. It can emulate systems like the Nintendo Entertainment System, Sega Master System, Turbo Grafx 16, Game Boy, Super Nintendo Entertainment System, and Genesis.


Community

A community is a collection of living creatures that share a common habitat. They are frequently interested in the same things. People in human groups share some of the same values and needs, which has an impact on the group's and individuals' identities. Despite the fact that communities are established on personal interests, each individual is unique in their own manner, which is the primary source of social variety in a community.

Upton Sinclair

Upton Beall Sinclair (September 20, 1878 – November 25, 1968) was a writer of many works from the United States. His most famous book, "The Jungle" from 1906, was about the American meat-packing industry.

Upton Sinclair had socialist political opinions. Most of Sinclair's books, including "The Jungle", dealt with social injustice. He also wrote a book called "Mental Radio" where he claimed to have conducted telepathic experiments with his wife. 

He wrote many other books. His book "The Flivver King" was about the Ford Motor Company. "The Flivver King" was written at the time when workers at Ford factories were trying to start a labor union. He wrote a series (many books in a row) with Lanny Budd as the main character. There were eleven (11) Lanny Budd books. The Lanny Budd books were about current events in the World at the time.

He later joined the Democratic Party and ran for governor of the state of California in 1934. He wanted California to start new businesses which would be run by the state government. This was to help people who were unemployed (did not have jobs) because of the Great Depression. He lost the election. 

He retired in the town of Buckeye, Arizona.


Gizmondo

Gizmondo is a handheld video game system. It is made by Tiger Telematics. It has GPRS and GPS. GPRS is used to go on the Internet, and GPS is where you can see where you are. Some games use the Gizmondo's GPS. It has a camera. It can also send text (words) and multimedia (pictures and videos and music) messages, play MP3/WAV/MIDI music and WMA/MP4 video, and play games. MP3, WAV, and MIDI are ways to keep music, and WMA and MP4 are ways to keep videos.

The Gizmondo came out in the United Kingdom in March 2005 for £229. It came out in the USA in October 22, 2005. Games include "Agaju: the Sacred Path", "Colors", and "Chicane". 

In February 2006, the company was forced into bankruptcy and stopped making the Gizmondo.

Antarctic Treaty System

The Antarctic Treaty System is a set of agreements about the continent of Antarctica. It was signed in 1959 and took effect in 1961. So far, it has been signed by 46-48 countries.

The ATS is used for governing the continent. The main idea of the Antarctic Treaty System (ATS) is to make sure that Antarctica is:

Kansas City, Missouri

Kansas City is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Missouri. The Kansas River and Missouri River meet one another in Kansas City. The city has about 508,090 people, and the entire metropolitan area has about 2,000,000 people, some of whom live in the state of Kansas. Its mayor is Quinton Lucas. Some sports teams there are the Royals (baseball), the Chiefs (American football), and the Wizards (soccer). Kansas City is well known for some of its barbecue restaurants, and is also an important place for business.

Cascading Style Sheets

Cascading Style Sheets, or CSS, is a way to change the look of HTML and XHTML web pages. CSS was designed by the W3C, and is supported well by most modern web browsers. The current version of CSS is CSS3. CSS4 is available, but is split into parts.

One advantage to using CSS is a web page can still be displayed, even if the CSS is not working or removed.

CSS code is saved in files with the .css file extension.

To import a CSS file you would use codice_1 or for a folder you would use codice_2 in HTML. 

In CSS you would use codice_3 or for a folder you would use codice_4 to import CSS into your CSS. 

You could also use codice_5 in a set of codice_6 tags to import the CSS in your HTML from your CSS. You could also put your CSS directly into the HTML by putting in a set of codice_7 tags.

To make all paragraphs on a page blue and sized 20% bigger than normal text, we would apply this CSS rule to a page:
p {
color: blue;
font-size: 120%;
background-color: white

The codice_8 refers to all HTML elements with the codice_9 tag. The CSS is being used to change this element. The codice_10 and codice_11 are both properties and the codice_12 and codice_13 are values. Each property has a set of possible values. These values can be words or numbers.

To give the main Title on a page a solid red border underneath, we would apply this CSS rule to the page. 5px otherwise known as pixels, represents the thickness of the line:
h1 {
border-bottom: 5px solid red;
The codice_14 refers to all HTML elements with the codice_9 tag. The CSS is being used to change this element. The codice_16 is the property and the codice_17 and codice_18 are values. Each property has a set of possible values. These values can be words or numbers.

To give a button a hover effect and make it blue with no border, we would apply this CSS rule to this page. The CSS is being used to change this element. The button refers to all HTML elements with the <button> tag. 
padding:25px 35px;

button {
border:0px;
Preview with the HTML code codice_19 used: 
Preview of the button being hovered over:


Allah

Allah () is the common name for God in the Arabic language. It is similar to "Eloah", the name for God in the Hebrew language, and "Elaha," the name for God in the Aramaic language. Muslims commonly use the word "Allah" for God. Sometimes, people who speak Arabic still use the word Allah when they speak English. In Islam, Allah is Merciful and Allah is the one who loves his followers.

Around 2000 BC (4000 years ago) there was a group of people called the Canaanites, who lived in the Middle East. They had many gods, and the ruling god was called "El" or "Il." El had power and ruled over everything, and he lived forever. He is claimed to have made the earth and everything else. Later, the word "El" became "Eloh" or "Elaha" in the Aramaic language. Another language, Hebrew, changed the Aramaic word to "Eloah". In the New Testament (the second book in the Christian Bible), the words "Eli" and "Elohi" were used to mean god. "El" is also in some people's names: Gabri-el, Mika-el, Azrael, Israel, Israel, Yishmael, Emanuel etc.

In Arabic, the general word for a god is "ilaah". It can mean a specific god, or any god at all, depending on how it is used.

As a proper noun, "Allah" is a name for one God, the god of the Abrahamic religions. In Arabic, the word "al" is an article (a word for "the"), so "al-ILaah" means ""The" God". Usually, the word "Allah" is used by Muslims. However, Arab Christians also call their God "Allah." The name "Allah" is made of four letters in Arabic, (or Alif Lam Lam Ha, from right to left, A-L-L-H, 2111), which when brought together make الله

In Islam, God is usually called "Allah." There are many different names for God in Islam. However, "Allah" is the most common. It means the same thing as any of the other names. For Muslims, "Allah" describes a single God who is all-powerful and never makes mistakes. Muslims believe that Allah created everything, including the heavens and the Earth, simply by saying "Kun Faya Kun (""Be and it is"). Muslims often repeat the word "Allah" many times when they are praying.

In Judaism, God is usually called YHWH (by scholarly convention pronounced Yahweh) and Eloah. Both names are mentioned in the Old Testament and are one of the seven names of God in Judaism. It can also be noted that in Judaism, Elohim is a name for God and in Islam, Allahuma is a name for God. Since Jewish and Muslim names of God are very similar, Jews and Muslims say that they believe in the same God.

Arab Christians call their God "Allah" due to the Arabic language. In the Arabic translation of the Christian Bible, God is referred to by "Allah". The word "Allah" was also used in the old translations of the Bible into Turkish, e.g. 1941 version, due to Islamic culture being common in Turkey, and because the Turkish language was influenced by the Arabic language.

IPod nano

The iPod nano is a MP3 player made by Apple Inc. It is available in 8GB and 16GB memory, in nine colours: silver, grey, purple, blue, green, yellow, orange, red, and pink.

The iPod Nano was discontinued by Apple on July 27, 2017.

There is a built-in FM receiver inside the iPod nano, and with the radio app, radio from the FM channels can be listened to. There is also a feature called Live Pause which allows listeners to pause the radio stream, and resume it at the same place later.
The iPod nano can 'talk to you', using a feature called VoiceOver. When the button on the headphones or the Click Wheel is held down, VoiceOver will speak the song currently playing and its artist. This feature is available in 20 languages.
The iPod nano has a built-in pedometer. You can create a Daily Step goal, or use the 'Always On' setting so it counts all of your steps.

Using the Nike+iPod sport kit, the iPod nano can be used as a fitness aid. It can measure your run by fitting into the insole Nike+ shoe pocket, then it can sync it to nikeplus.com. Nike+ is also compatible with some exercise machines.
The iPod nano includes a video camera which can be used to capture video. You can add fifteen video effects, then upload it to YouTube, MobileMe, or Facebook with your computer.

The iPod Nano was first released on September 7, 2005. 1, 2, and 4 GB iPods were available.

The second generation iPod Nano was released on September 25, 2006. Like the second generation iPod Mini it was available in different colors. But unlike the Mini, the click wheel was grey for all colors except for the black iPod which had a black click wheel.

The 1GB iPod was only available in silver, the 4GB iPod was available in green, blue, silver, and pink and the 8GB was only available in black, but red was added later.

On October 13, 2006, a Product Red iPod Nano was released. For each red iPod Nano sold a $10 donation goes to the Product Red brand. On November 3, 2006 a red 8GB iPod Nano was released due to high demand.

The third generation iPod Nano was released on September 5, 2007. It had a new smaller and wider design, video playback ability and a new user interface.

A 4GB iPod was released in silver while an 8GB iPod was released in silver, turquoise, mint green, black, and Product Red. A pink 8GB iPod was also released on January 22, 2008.

On October 6, 2007 Apple released OS 1.0.2 which improved cover flow and made going throw the menu a lot quicker. On November 28, 2007 1.0.3 was released which fixed a couple of bugs. On January 15, 2008 1.1 came out which had support for iTunes movie hiring, music song lyrics and more bug fixes. 1.1.2 and 1.1.3 had bug fixes. They were both released in May and July 2008.

The iPod Nano fourth generation was released on September 9, 2008 and changed back to the body shape used in the first and second generation models.

The six old colors (silver, black, mint, turquoise, berry red and rose pink) were replaced with silver, black, purple, light blue, green, yellow, orange, red and pink. But the Product Red iPod could only be bought on the Apple website and retail stores. An accelerometer was also added to the iPod Nano. Because of this, you could turn the shuffle songs feature on and off by shaking it, go through the cover flow when you put the iPod on its side and look at pictures portrait or landscape. But videos could only be watched in landscape. Because of the accelerometer feature, the Quiz game was removed and a new Maze game was added.

The iPod Nano fifth generation was released on September 9, 2009 and had a smaller price than the last generation. At the time the 8GB Nano was $149 and the 16GB Nano $179. The screen was also bigger and some new colors were introduced: Silver, Black, Purple, Blue, Yellow, Orange, Product Red, Green and Pink though the yellow and Product Red iPods were only available at the Apple Website and retailers.

The fifth generation introduced a number of new things including a microphone, a pedometer, a video camera and an FM radio that had station frequencies coming from North and South America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand and Asia.
The dock connector and the head jack also swapped sides so that the head jack was left of the dock connector.

The sixth generation iPod Nano was released on September 1, 2010. It was a combination of the iPod Shuffle by the size and shape and the iPod Touch by the touch screen, a sleep/wake button and the user interface and icons. This iPod Nano however didn't have a video camera, the ability to play back videos, the voice-recorder, (though plugging in the headphones with a microphone would show a voice memos app) built in speaker and games. But it did still have a pedometer and an FM radio. The price for this iPod Nano was also the same GB models for the same prices as the previous generation Nano.

On February 28, 2011, OS 1.1 was released with featured the ability to change song or pause by double clicking the sleep/wake button and on October 4, 2011 OS 1.2 added several new wallpapers and the ability to change the size of icons.

The seventh generation iPod Nano was released on October 12, 2012. The shape was again similar to the fifth generation shape but it was still the same size as the sixth generation and still had a touch screen but only a single 16GB iPod Nano was released but video playback was also restored. It was discontinued on July 27, 2017, alongside iPod Shuffle.

Proton decay

Proton decay is a theory that a proton could decay into two small particles, a pion and a positron. This would be a new type of radioactive decay. So far, proton decay has not been observed, but some physicists believe it. Most current theories say that protons do not decay.

Names of God in Islam

The 99 Names of Allah (, translit: ) also known as the 99 attributes of Allah, according to Islamic tradition, are the names of Allah revealed by the Creator (الله) (Allah) in the Qur'an. These are considered to be the attributes of Allah. The 99 Names of Allah are very important to Muslims and in Islamic tradition they are taken from different verses of the Holy Qur'an.
According to Islamic tradition, whoever memorizes and acts upon the 99 names of Allah, will enter Paradise. 

They are: 
‘Allah’ is a title for All-Mighty Allah. The word Allah means One and only Allah in Arabic. It is a combination of ‘Ilah’ in Arabic which means Allah, and ‘al’ the alif and laam letters of the Arabic alphabet which denote the definite article, Allah, meaning "the God".


Single-player video game

A single-player game, when talking about computer games or video games, means a game that is played by one player. It involves playing against and/or with computer-controlled (AI) characters.

Fallopian tube

The fallopian tubes (also known as oviducts and uterine tubes) connect the ovaries to the uterus. The fallopian tubes let the ovum pass into the uterus. The ovum is able to be fertilized by sperm during sexual intercourse.

They are named after the 16th century Italian anatomist, Gabriele Falloppio. The Greek word salpinx (σαλπιγξ) means "trumpet".

There are two Fallopian tubes attached to either side of the end of the uterus. Each tube will end near one ovary. This place is called the fimbria. The Fallopian tubes are not attached to the ovaries, but open into the peritoneal cavity.

In humans, the Fallopian tubes are about 7 - 14 cm long. 

There are four parts of the fallopian tube from the ovary to the uterus:

The fallopian tube is made of three layers:


The Fallopian tubes can move around the pelvis.

When an ovum is ready to be released from the ovary, the ovary wall breaks open and the ovum goes into the fallopian tube. There, it starts moving towards to uterus with the help of liquids and cilia on the inside walls. This can take hours or days.

If the ovum is fertilized while in the fallopian tube, then it sticks to the endometrium, which is the beginning of pregnancy.


1818

1818 is a common year in the Gregorian calendar.


Carmen Miranda

Carmen Miranda (February 9, 1909 – August 5, 1955) was a Portuguese-Brazilian singer and actress. She was best known for her exotic costumes and hats made of fruit.

Magnum, P.I.

Magnum, P.I. is an American American crime drama television series. It stars Tom Selleck and John Hillerman. It was on TV from 1980 to 1988. It is about Thomas Magnum III, a smooth private detective working in Hawaii.

Twin Peaks

Twin Peaks was an American television series that ran from 1990 to 1991. It told the story of an FBI agent who comes to the strange small town of Twin Peaks, Washington, to investigate the murder of a teenage girl. It was made by David Lynch. The show was successful around the world. In 1992, a Twin Peaks movie 'Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me' was released.


McDonald's

McDonald's is an American corporation that operates one of the largest chains of fast food restaurants in the world.

McDonald's has over 36,000 stores in 119 countries and territories, the second-most stores out of all fast food chains worldwide behind only the submarine sandwich chain Subway. They serve almost 54 million people each day.
The first McDonald's restaurant was opened by Richard and Maurice (Mac) McDonald in 1940. It was located on Route 66 in San Bernardino, California. The McDonald brothers later sold their company to Ray Kroc in Des Plaines, Illinois.

McDonald's restaurants mainly serve hamburgers, cheeseburgers, chicken nuggets, burgers, french fries, breakfast items, soft drinks, milk shakes and desserts. They also have options such as salads, apples, milk, McDonald's Popular Picks

In Australia, they sell the Frozen Coke, which is very popular.

More McDonald's food is sold in the United States than in any other area, which means that it is McDonald's largest market. Europe is McDonald's second largest market. The restaurants are either operated directly by McDonalds or more often by a franchise, where the business is owned and operated by someone else to the standards set by McDonald's and with support from the McDonald's company. The company provides a central source of supply for food items and standardized menu.

McDonald's used to make their fries in beef tallow. People liked the flavor the tallow gave to the fries. Criticisms about its high saturated fat content was a big concern to customers in the 1980's so in 1990, McDonald's switched to using vegetable oil instead.

In 2014, McDonald's in Europe used chicken meat which was produced by using genetically modified animal feed, which it had not done since 2001. Greenpeace states that McDonald's saves less than one Eurocent for each Chickenburger and goes down a path not desired by its customers.

McDonald's mascot is a clown named Ronald McDonald. He was made in 1963, and Willard Scott was the first to play as him.

McDonald's has restaurants in the following countries:


English people

English people refer to people who are citizens of England or of English descent. England is one of the nations that is a part of the Island of Great Britain. It shares the island with Scotland (Scots) and Wales (the Welsh). England is also a part of the United Kingdom along with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Because of this, English people are also British people.

Originally, English people descended from Anglo-Saxons and Celts. Modern English people often have ancestors from many different countries. Often, their ancestors came from other European countries and from the rest of the world.

Many people leave England to live in former British colonies. These include the United States, Australia and Canada. The countries with the most English people, other than the United Kingdom are the United States, Australia, Canada, South Africa and New Zealand.

Citizenship refers to the United Kingdom rather than just England. Many citizens in the U.K. are not ethnically British. In the past, the British Empire controlled countries all over the world. People from many of these countries moved to England and had families. Over time, this led to many citizens from different ethnic groups. Examples of these groups include Indian people and other groups from the Indian subcontinent, people from African countries, people from the Caribbean islands and people from Hong Kong.

Emigration from Britain is even more significant. About 40 to 44 million people in other countries have British ancestors. Census data provide the evidence for these statements.

To Kill a Mockingbird

To Kill a Mockingbird is an American novel written by Harper Lee. It was published in 1960. The book was a great success. It won the Pulitzer Prize. The book was adapted and made into a 1962 movie starring Gregory Peck. The movie won three Academy Awards.

Lee based the story and characters on her family and neighbors, and something that happened near her hometown in 1936. This was when she was 10 years old.

"To Kill a Mockingbird" is a Southern Gothic novel and a "bildungsroman" (a story where the main character develops and grows). Its main themes are white/black racism and innocence. Lee also writes about bravery, compassion, and gender roles in the American Deep South. The book has been taught in many schools in English-speaking countries with lessons about being patient and fair.

It is set during the Great Depression (world depression) of the 1930s. It was first published in 1960 and made into a movie in 1962. It tells the story of a young girl, Jean Louise Finch (known as "Scout") and her brother Jeremy Atticus Finch (known as "Jem"). They live in the Southern United States with their father Atticus Finch, who is a lawyer. In the story, Atticus defends a black man, Tom Robinson, who has been wrongly accused of raping a white woman.

Harper Lee was born in 1926 and grew up in the Southern town of Monroeville, Alabama. There, she became close friends with Truman Capote, who became a famous writer later. She went to Huntingdon College in Montgomery (1944–45), and then studied law at the University of Alabama (1945–49). When she went to college, she wrote for literary magazines, like "Huntress" and "Rammer Jammer". At both colleges, she wrote short stories and other works about racial unfairness, which was not usually written about in colleges at the time. In 1950, Lee moved to New York City, where she worked as a clerk for British Overseas Airways Corporation. While she was there, she began writing essays and short stories about people in Monroeville. In 1957, Lee showed her writing to a literary agent whom Capote had told her about. An editor at J.B. Lippincott suggested to her that she should stop working at the airline and focus on writing instead. Her friends gave her money to help her continue writing for a year.

Lee spent two and a half years writing "To Kill a Mockingbird". The National Endowment for the Arts describes how Lee once became so unhappy that she threw her manuscript out the window into the snow. Her agent made her take her writing back again. The book was printed on July 11, 1960. It was first titled "Atticus", but Lee changed its name because the story was more than simply about one character. The editors at Lippincott told Lee that she would probably sell only several thousand copies. In 1964, Lee said, "I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird.' ... I was hoping for a quick and merciful death at the hands of the reviewers but, at the same time, I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement. Public encouragement. I hoped for a little, as I said, but I got rather a whole lot, and in some ways this was just about as frightening as the quick, merciful death I'd expected." Instead of a "quick and merciful death", "Reader's Digest Condensed Books" chose part of the book to be printed again. This immediately made many more people read it. After it was first published, the book never stopped being printed.

The story comes from the perspective of 8-year-old girl named Scout Finch, she has an older brother, Jem, who is 4 years older. They live with their father, Atticus, who is a lawyer and they are looked after by Calpurnia, their black maid during the day. The story takes place in a fictional little town called Maycomb, in Alabama, during the Great Depression (1933-1935). At the beginning of the story Scout and Jem are introduced to Dill, he comes to live with his aunt every summer. The kids are intrigued by a recluse they call Boo Radley (real name Arthur Radley). The rumor around the town is that Boo only goes outside of his house at night and hunts squirrels with his bare hands. Dill thinks of a plan to lure him out and dares Jem to pound on the front door. Jem refuses but Dill calls him a coward, Jem has not backed out of a dare since he was born so he ends up doing it. After pounding on the door they all run back to their own house, but for a split second Scout swears she saw a flicker of light in the house, as if they were being watched. Now the kids have grown obsessed with the house, they wonder what Boo looks like and why he doesn't come out. One night they try to break in from the back door to get a glimpse of Boo, however his brother Nathan Radley hears the commotion and fires a shot from his shotgun. the bullets don't hit but the kids learn their lesson.

When school starts Scout and Jem are ridiculed by the other kids their father is protecting a black man, when they ask about it, Atticus tells them that is his client and his name is called Tom Robinson, a black man falsely accused of the rape of a young white woman. Scout and Jem don't understand why their father is defending a black man since it makes the entire town despise them. Around this time their Aunt Alexandra moves in to help take care of the kids, she doesn't approve of Atticus defending a black man. Every Christmas, the Finch family has a gathering at Finch's Landing, their great-grandfather's early home. There Atticus teaches Scout how to shoot a bb gun, but tells her to remember she can shoot all the bluejays she wants if she can hit them, but it's a sin to kill a mockingbird. As the date of the trial comes closer, the kids get a better understanding of the situation and why their father would deliberately choose to take this case if it meant the hardships he would have to ensure. There neighbour Miss Maudie tells them that though Atticus is old, he is still the strongest person in the town, and will take on the burden that no one in town will take.

On the day of the trial, Scout, Jem and Dill sneak into the amphitheater where they are having the hearing even though Atticus told them to stay home. They watch the trial on the porch with the colored people, they see Atticus but he doesn't see them. Atticus begins the trial politely and addresses the jury, Judge Taylor and the prosecutor in a well mannered way. Mayella Ewell and her father Bob Ewell are rash when Atticus shows more evidence and justification that Tom didn't do anything, rather it was Bob Ewell who hit his daughter when he found the pair together. Atticus creates an image of the Ewells for the jury, a family with no mother, an alcoholic father and 7 kids living in a small dilapidated house lacking many essentials. The Ewell’s don't have any defense rather than he said she said, but the jury still finds Tom guilty. Atticus leaves promptly after the trial and takes the kids with him, he is bitter but he does see light in the dark situation. He tells the kids that he's angry about what the verdict was, however the jury deliberated for a couple hours before reaching a decision. Normally when a black man was accused by a white man, the verdict would be guilty, no questions asked, in a matter of seconds. Atticus says today was a small step forward, the children are upset about the extreme racism that they witnessed especially Jem, who pukes at the thought of the situation. Jem asks his neighbour Miss Maudie how a world like this "could exist" and how they could treat a person like that. She tells him that it might seem at times the entire town is racist and evil, but there are always good people even when it seems everything is dark. She also reminds Jem that Judge Taylor chose Atticus for this case, because he also hopes to see some change in this town. Jem nods, and before he goes to sleep he tells Scout that he's beginning to understand why Boo Radley doesn't leave his house.

Things in Maycomb are relatively back to normal after the trial, however Bob Ewell isn't satisfied and tells Atticus he's going to get back at him if it takes his life, Atticus pays very little attention to this and tells the kids Bob was just angry that he made a fool of him in the court. At school Scout and Jem aren't ridiculed anymore, since all the parents tell their children that Scout and Jem are already going through enough having a father who is crazy enough to defend a black man. Every October the town has a Halloween festival, and this year the elementary school is having a performance so Scout has to go. Jem takes her and when they walk there, they are scared by Cecil Jacobs, one of their classmates. Scout goes to the performance but forgets her lines and as they walk back home, Jem tells Scout to hush, but he hears someone following them. Scout thinks it's just Cecil trying to scare them again, but Jem doesn't think so. They keep on walking and reach the Radley place when someone jumps on Jem, Scout screams and hears a snap, the person tries to attack her but is stopped by another person, Scout thinks it was Jem but it was actually Boo Radley who heard the scream outside his house, he takes Scout and Jem back to their house, and Atticus calls Dr. Reynolds and the sheriff, Heck Tate. Heck goes back to the Radley place and finds Bob Ewell dead from a knife to the chest. Scout tells the sheriff that when they were walking back someone jumped them, and attacked Jem and she heard a snap and screamed, the snap was the sound of Jem’s arm breaking. She than recalls Jem defending her from the attacker not knowing that Jem could not function and passed out right after the snap, and that it was Boo Radley who saved her. The sheriff tells Atticus that Bob Ewell fell on his knife, but Atticus is stubborn and still believes Jem killed him. The sheriff and Atticus are both stubborn and the sheriff tells him to think again, it could not have been Jem, he has already passed out, he points to the corner of the room, and Scout sees for the first time, Boo Radley. His face was pale from not seeing the sun in years, and he was standing awkwardly not knowing what to say or do. Atticus is still not convinced, and he says "Boo would be a hero for saving his kids, but the sheriff tells him, Boo has not left his house in 15 years, all the attention would do an introvert like him no good." Scout tells Atticus that giving Boo the attention would be like killing a mockingbird, Atticus understands what she says and goes with the sheriff’s story. Boo whispers to Scout if she can take him home, because he's afraid of the dark and she agrees. She realises that Boo is still much like a child, she wonders about the times where she, Jem, and Dill tried to make Boo come out, and what he thought of watching them. When she gets back home, she asks Atticus if there are good people in the world, and Atticus tells her that most people are.



Abby and Brittany Hensel

Abigail Loraine Hensel and Brittany Lee Hensel (born March 7, 1990 in Minnesota, United States) are conjoined twins with mostly one body and two heads. They are joined at the pelvis and each one controls one side of their body, which means they have to do things together. Brittany is on the left, and Abigail is on the right. They have two spines that join at the pelvis. They have two stomachs and four lungs, and at birth they had a third arm in between their heads. The third arm was not properly developed, so it was removed.

They currently star in their own reality series on TLC.


52 BC

Year 52 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Pompeius and Scipio (or, less frequently, year 702 "Ab urbe condita"). This year has been called 52 BC since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the most common method in Europe for naming years.


Cape Town

Cape Town is the second biggest city of South Africa. It is also home to the South African Parliament where the country's representatives assemble.

It is at the Cape of Good Hope on the south-west coast. It has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate.

The city's dominant natural feature is Table Mountain, a mountain with a flat top.

It was originally called the "Cape of Storms" by Bartolomeu Dias in 1486, a Portuguese explorer but was changed by King John II of Portugal to "Cape of Good Hope". The town was started as the center of the Dutch Cape Colony in 1652.

Hard and soft drugs

Drugs act on the nervous system, such as the brain, and impact a person's mental state may be loosely and informally classified into categories. The following categories are not fully agreed upon globally:


Most addictive drugs like nicotine, alcohol, and cocaine affect the brain’s “reward” circuit, which is part of the limbic system. This area of the brain affects instinct and mood. Drugs target this system, which causes large amounts of dopamine—a brain chemical that helps regulate emotions, feelings of pleasure, and motivation to execute tasks—to flood the brain. This flood of dopamine is what causes a “high” in some drugs, and is generally the main cause of drug addiction.

Although initial drug use may be voluntary, drugs can alter brain chemistry. This can change how the brain performs and interfere with the way that we make choices. Using drugs with a high danger of physical dependency (which most hard drugs fall into) can lead to cravings, compulsive and habitual usage. Over time, this behavior can turn into a substance dependency or addiction.

Hard drugs can negatively impact almost every organ in the human body: 


Legal penalties for hard drugs are usually, but not always, harsher than for soft drugs. Opioid trading and trafficking are treated seriously by the law in many countries due to the potential harm caused by this hard drug. In contrast, cannabis, generally considered to be a soft drug, is increasingly tolerated in western countries. Especially beginning in the early 2000s, legislation has been passed to legalize the usage of marijuana for medical, cultural, and recreational purposes, however there are significant differences in the legality of cannabis between different countries and municipalities. Generally the medical use of cannabis is allowed in many more countries.

The law is also different for alcohol. Generally considered a hard drug, alcohol is sold widely in the western world though it was briefly made illegal in Finland in 1919 and in the United States in 1920 during what was called prohibition. In many Muslim countries there are laws regulating, heavily restricting, or even outright banning the selling and drinking of alcohol, especially in public.


Tehran

Tehran (Persian: تهران), is the capital of Iran and the center of Tehran Province.
The origin of the name Tehran is unknown. The word Tehran means "warm mountain slope". Tehran is at the foot of the Alborz mountain range.

Tehran is the 32nd National Capital of Iran. It is the largest city in the Middle East & Western Asia. It is the 16th most populated city in the world. It has about 8 million people. Tehran has 4 counties: Tehran, Shemiranat, Rey & Islamshahr. Tehran has a large network of highways.

Tehran was well known as a village in the 9th century, but was less well-known than the city of Rhages (Ray). Tehran today, replaces Ray, the ancient capital of Iran destroyed by the Mongols in 1220 A.D., the ruins of which can be seen 6 km south of Tehran. In 1869/70 A.D., Tehran acquired considerable prestige and was enclosed in an 8 km rampart which had 12 gates.

During the Safavid period, Shah Safi created a military base in Tehran, and had two great towers erected therein, which became known as "Ghaleh Meydan" and "Ghaleh Hessa". "Karim Khan Zand" lived in Tehran. for 4 years. In the early 18th century, "Karim Khan Zand", ordered a palace, and a government office to be built in Tehran. Later he moved his government capital to Shiraz.

Tehran became the capital of Iran, in 1795, when Agha Mohammad Khan, became King. It is still the capital. During the reign of Agha Mohammad khan, the government headquarters were built north of "Emam_zade Zayd". Agha Mohammad Khan became King of Iran in "Khalvat Karimkhani Palace" in Tehran. During the reign of Fath Ali Shah, the soltani mosque, the Abbas_abad bazaar, and the Ilchi garden (the site of today`s Russian embassy) were added. Nasser_e_din_Shah changed the palace from center of Tehran to Sadabad. He changed the view of Tehran from a town to a modern capital.

In the Russia Embassy in Iran, the "Tehran Conference" was held. The Tehran Conference (codenamed "Eureka") was the meeting of Joseph Stalin, Franklin D. Roosevelt and Winston Churchill between November 28 and December 1, 1943. Most of it was held at the Soviet Embassy in Tehran, Iran. It was the first World War II conference amongst the Big Three (the Soviet Union, the United States, and the United Kingdom) where Stalin was present. The aim of the Tehran conference was to plan the final strategy for the war against Nazi Germany and its allies. The discussion was mostly about the opening of a second front in Western Europe.

During 1980–88, Tehran was attacked by scud missiles and air strikes. After the Islamic Revolution in Iran and during war between Iran and Iraq, many people left Tehran. In recent years, many professional people who lived in Tehran, left Iran for freedom and a better life in other countries. Traffic, crime, drugs and lack of freedom in Tehran, are most important reasons.


Tehran is the center of most Iranian industries and services. Modern industries of this city include the making of automobiles, electronics, weaponry, textiles, sugar, cement, and chemicals. Tehran is also a leading center for the sale of carpets and furniture.

Tehran has a semi-arid (steppe) climate (BSh in the Köppen climate classification). Summers are hot and dry; winters are cold with moderate precipitation, which also falls as snow. Spring and autumn are mild with moderate rainfall.
The highest recorded temperature is 43 °C (109 °F) and the record low is −20 °C (−4 °F).

In this vast city, many historic sites can be admired, the most famous of which are the palaces of Sadabad, Niavaran, Sahebqaranyyeh and Golestan, the mosque of Seyyed Azizollah, the great Bazar of Tehran and many museums, such as Reza Abbasi museum, the carpet museum of Iran, Abguineh (glass and ceramics) museum, the Azadi museum, etc. Tehran has 740 parks.

Leisure and sport resorts around Tehran include Abali, Dizin, Gajereh and Shemshak ski stations, the dam water ski station and the slopes of Darband and Shemiran.

Philadelphia

Philadelphia, colloquially Philly, is the 6th most populous city in the United States and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.

The population of the city was 1,603,797 people in 2020. Philadelphia was the capital of the United States from 1790 to 1800. It was replaced by Washington, D.C. in 1800 after the White House was built.

Philadelphia has many tourist attractions. These include the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, and Christ Church.

Before Europeans came to the area, Philadelphia was home to the Lenape people. The first Europeans to come were the Dutch. They built towns and a fort in the area. The English took over the city in 1664. In 1681, Charles II of England gave a large piece of land to William Penn. It was given to him to pay back some money that was owed to Penn's father. Penn had a dream of a land where people would be free to live and work no matter what religion they believed. He built a city in the new land called Philadelphia.

Soon Philadelphia was the largest city in North America. The first library and hospital in the country were built in Philadelphia. Many ships sailed in and out of the port of the city. People came to the city to buy and sell many types of things.

One of the most famous people in Philadelphia was Benjamin Franklin. He started a newspaper and invented many things, such as bifocal glasses. Franklin started a library that was free for everyone to use. He also started a free hospital. He helped to write the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution.

In 1774, the Continental Congress met in Philadelphia to talk about their disputes with the United Kingdom. The British were not happy about this and soon the American Revolutionary War began. In 1776, the Americans again met in Philadelphia to sign the "Declaration of Independence".

In 1777, George Washington lost the Battle of Germantown and Philadelphia was occupied by British troops. They left in 1778. After the war was won, a Constitutional Convention met in Philadelphia in 1787 to write the United States Constitution. It lists the most important laws of the United States.

Philadelphia is in the state of Pennsylvania. It is on the west bank of the Delaware River. New Jersey is on the other side of the river. Another large river, the Schuylkill, flows into the Delaware River at Philadelphia. The city has only a few small hills. Most of it is flat. Philadelphia normally has hot summers and cold winters.
William Penn planned the city in the 17th century. The roads of the city are formed in a grid between the Delaware and Schuylkill rivers. The roads run north–south and west–east. Streets were spread out to prevent fires.

Parks were a part of the original plan. There were five parks in the center city. They are Centre Square (Penn Square),Northeast Square (Franklin Square), Southeast Square (Washington Square), Southwest Square (Rittenhouse Square), and Northwest Square (Logan Circle/Square). 

The city includes six major sections surrounding Center City. They are North, Northeast, Northwest, South, Southwest, and West. The City Planning Commission is in charge of growth and development. The largest landlord is the Philadelphia Housing Authority (PHA). Some boundaries between regions, boroughs and districts are not clear. There are 18 districts in the city.

This is where the skyscrapers are located. Center City is the second most densely populated downtown area in the United States, after Manhattan, New York. It includes the historic part of town, museums, a theatre district, retailers, office buildings and tourist attractions. Parts of Center City, include Penn's Landing, Old City, Society Hill, South Street, Washington Square West, Market East, Chinatown, Logan Square, the Museum District, Rittenhouse Square, Fitler Square, Jewelers' Row and Avenue of the Arts. Old City is near the Delaware River and includes historic sites like Independence Hall. There were 193,000 inhabitants in 2018.

The region holds a diverse working-class population. It is between the Schuylkill and Delaware Rivers. The large sports stadiums are located here. They are Citizens Bank Park, Lincoln Financial Field and Wells Fargo Center. They form the South Philadelphia Sports Complex. The famous Geno's Steaks and Pat's King of Steaks is here. The FDR Park is just north of the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard. There is also a vibrant Italian community with an Italian Market. South Philadelphia is also where the movie "Rocky" (1976) was filmed. The Walt Whitman Bridge connects to New Jersey in the east. The population was 168,782 in 2010.

This area is south of West Philadelphia and north of the Delaware River. The Philadelphia International Airport and residential areas are located here. There are various industries and oil refineries here and in South Philadelphia. Iconic places are Bartram’s Garden, John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge, the National Historic Landmark Fort Mifflin and Simeone Foundation Automotive Museum. The population was 123,829 in 2010.  

The region is mostly residential. It is between Cobbs Creek and the Schuylkill River. The eastern part is University City. This includes the University of Pennsylvania, Drexel University and University of the Sciences in Philadelphia. Saint Joseph's University is in the northwest part of the region. Fairmount Park and the Philadelphia Museum of Art are located in West Philadelphia. The Please Touch Museum, Philadelphia Zoo, Memorial Hall and the Mann Center for the Performing Arts are in the Centennial District. The population in 2010 was 216,433.

This region includes Germantown, Chestnut Hill, Roxborough and Manayunk. Germantown is an important historical neighborhood with the Colonial Germantown Historic District. It is the birthplace of the American antislavery movement and was an important site during the American Revolution. There are several colonial homes and battle re-enactments. The Wissahickon Valley Park is here. Other sites are the Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania, Woodmere Art Museum and Awbury Arboretum. In 2010, the population was about 170,000.

This region is between the Northwest and Northeast regions. It is south of Cheltenham Township and north of Center City. It is residential with scattered industries. It includes Lower North and Upper North Philadelphia and Olney, Oak Lane. Temple University is found here. A well-known street is Broad Street. It starts in and cuts across North Philadelphia and travels down to Center City. The Eastern State Penitentiary is to the west. There are many historic homes like the Edgar Allen Poe House. Museums are the Wagner Free Institute of Science and the Philadelphia Doll Museum. There are historic churches. Northern Liberties and Fishtown are growing communities and centers for artists. Northern Liberties is home to the annual 2nd Street Festival. The population in 2010 was 240,781.

The region is home to a large working-class population. It includes the Far and Near Northeast, and Kensington. There are several parks, such as Benjamin Rush State Park and Pennypack Park and large malls such as Philadelphia Mills. There are many diverse ethnic groups. There is the Northeast Philadelphia Airport. The Philadelphia Insectarium and Butterfly Pavilion is a science museum. The region is highly populated. There were about 528,810 residents in 2010.

The architecture of the city is very diverse. It is both modern and historic. It includes Georgian architecture, Federal-style, Palladian structure, Victorian-style, Greek Revival, Gothic, Italianate Second-Empire Style and International Style. The diverse buildings show the rich history of the city. The Philadelphia Historical Commission was formed in 1955. It preserves historical buildings. The Philadelphia Register of Historic Places includes historic buildings. The tallest building is the Comcast Technology Center. For a long time, City Hall was the tallest building. Notable architects who built in Philadelphia include William Strickland, John Haviland, Thomas U. Walter, Frank Furness, Napoleon Leburn, Julian Abele, Rafael Viñoly, César Pelli, Robert A. M. Stern, Louis Kahn and Robert Venturi.

Philadelphia was the first major city in North America to introduce row houses. A row house is made of homes connected with a shared sidewall. In other areas, similar buildings were originally called "Philadelphian rows". Many homes in Philadelphia are row houses.
There are about of parks in Philadelphia. Notable parks in the city center are Logan Square, Franklin Square, JFK Plaza, Washington Square and Rittenhouse Square. Surrounding parks are Fairmount Park, Wissahickon Valley Park, Pennypack Park and Cobbs Creek Park. Fairmount is the largest park. Wissahickon the second largest. Fairmount Park is along both sides of the Schuylkill River. It includes the Philadelphia Zoo, Fairmount Water Works, Boathouse Row, Please Touch Museum, Centennial Arboretum and the Shofuso Japanese House and Garden.

Under the Köppen climate classification, Philadelphia is in a humid subtropical climate zone. Summers are humid and hot. Fall and spring are mild. Winters can range from moderate to cold. Snowfall is very variable. Some years there is only a small amount of snow. In other years there are large snowstorms. The average yearly snowfall is . The annual average precipitation is . There is precipitation throughout the year. Temperatures can range from to .

A 2017-2019 report showed that Philadelphia is among the top 25 cities with the most air pollution. Philadelphia has significant particulate matter and ozone. This is due to the burning of fossil fuels. Another cause is high concentration of automobiles along I-95.

The population of Philadelphia was about 560,000 in 1860 and 1,000,000 in 1890. The highest population in Philadelphia was in 1950, with about 2,071,605 people recorded. The population decreased from 1950 to 2000. The population has been gradually increasing since 2010.  Between 2006 and 2017, there were 92,153 new residents. In 2022, the city had the following racial composition: 41.3% Black (non-Hispanic), 39.33% White (non-Hispanic), 14.1% Hispanic or Latino, 7.1% Asian, 0.4% Native American, 0.05% Pacific Islander, and 2.8% multiracial. The largest European ancestry groups were Irish (13.6%), Italian (9.2%), German (8.1%), Polish (4.3%) and English (2.9%) in 2010.

There are public and private schools in Philadelphia. The School District of Philadelphia is for public schools. There were 218 public schools and 86 charter schools in 2014. More students are going to charter schools. Several public schools have closed. Graduation rates were 65% in 2014. They have been increasing but below average. The city spends about $12,000 per student.  

There are many colleges and students in Philadelphia. It is a city with a high concentration of students. There are more than 80 colleges, universities, and trade schools. There are about over 420,000 students in total.

The top schools are The University of Pennsylvania, Temple University, Drexel University, and Thomas Jefferson University. The University of Pennsylvania is an Ivy League school and one of the oldest universities. The University City District is west of the Schuylkill River and includes the University of Pennsylvania and Drexel University. Notable schools around the Philadelphia area are Swarthmore College, Bryn Mawr College, Haverford College and Villanova University. In center city, the Curtis Institute of Music is one of the top music schools in the country.

There are five schools of Medicine: Drexel University College of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine, Temple University School of Medicine, and Thomas Jefferson University's Sidney Kimmel Medical College. Other institutions in Philadelphia include: University of the Sciences in Philadelphia, Saint Joseph's University, Philadelphia University, Holy Family University, Moore College of Art and Design, Peirce College, Chestnut Hill College, Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, The University of the Arts and La Salle University.

Philadelphia's cultural history goes back to the Lenape Native Americans and later the Quakers and Mennonites. The city is culturally important for its rich history but is notable for many other things. The city has been influential in music, art, television, architecture, and food.

There are many large annual events. The famous Mummers Parade celebrates the New Year. Made in America Festival is a large music festival with dozens of artists on Labour Day weekend. It is along the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. The week of Independence Day is called the Wawa Welcome America Festival. There are many festivities, concerts, and discounts. It includes Wawa Hoagie Day, POPS on Independence, Party on the Parkway, and Free Museums Day. 6abc Dunkin' Thanksgiving Day Parade is another famous parade. It is the oldest Thanksgiving Parade in the U.S. Other events are the Philadelphia Flower Show, Philadelphia Auto Show, Philly Home Show, The Philadelphia Show, Roots Picnic at the Mann Center, Green Screen: Philadelphia Environmental Film Festival, Longwood Gardens Festival of Fountains, Philly Beer Week, Fringe Festival, DesignPhiladelphia Festival, Philadelphia Film Festival, Army-Navy Game and others.

Philadelphia has diverse people groups that make up the city's communities and many immigrants. Many specific events reflect the rich diversity of the people of the city. These include the Lunar New Year Parade and Celebrations in Chinatown, Philadelphia St. Patrick's Day Parade, Shofuso Cherry Blossom Festival, The South 9th Street Italian Market Festival, Philadelphia Latino Film Festival, Prideday, Odunde Festival, Philadelphia Juneteenth Parade & Festival, OutFest, Ciao Philadelphia and others.

The city includes important places that hold historical documents and records and further learning and research. The Library Company of Philadelphia was established by Benjamin Franklin. Franklin also founded the American Philosophical Society. It is "the oldest learned society in the United States." Parkway Central Library is one of the Free Library of Philadelphia libraries. It has a unique Rare Books Department. There are original items by Charles Dickens and Edgar Allen Poe. Athenaeum of Philadelphia holds American historical documents. It was founded in 1814. The Presbyterian Historical Society is the oldest church denomination historical society. The German Society of Pennsylvania is the oldest German-culture organization in the country. It has a special library collection. College of Physicians of Philadelphia’s Historical Medical Library is from 1788. The Philosophical Society building, Athenaeum and College of Physicians are all National Historic Landmarks.

There are several art museums in Philadelphia. Philadelphia has a large art museum, the Philadelphia Museum of Art. It is located at the end of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway at Eakins Oval. The Museum district is along the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. The city also has some smaller art museums, such as the Academy of Fine Arts and the Barnes Foundation. The Rodin Museum has a large collection of sculptures by Auguste Rodin.

The Avenue of the Arts is in Center City on Broad Street. It is a center for arts and culture and is a cultural district. The Kimmel Center for Performing Arts and Academy of Music are found there. There are several theaters. Examples include the Merriam Theater, Wilma Theater, Liacouras Center, and Suzanne Roberts Theatre. The Philadelphia Theater Company is at the Suzanne Roberts Theatre.

There are over dozens of other theatres in Philadelphia. The Walnut Street Theater is a National Historic Landmark. It is the oldest theater in the United States. The Lantern Theater Company is at St. Stephen's Episcopal Church. Other notable theaters are the Arden Theatre Company, Forrest Theatre, EgoPo Classic Theater, Plays and Players Theater, The Sedgwick Theater, and Pearl Theatre.

Philadelphia is the city in America with the most public art. The Association for Public Art was founded in Philadelphia in 1872. There are many historical statues and monuments. There are also modern pieces of work. The LOVE Sculpture is at the JFK Plaza. The city also has the most murals in America. These are artworks on the walls of buildings. The city has a Mural Arts Program that supports mural artwork. The program hires professionals and educates young people in mural painting.

Philadelphia is famous for classical music. The Philadelphia Orchestra is one of the top five orchestras in the country. The orchestra performs at the Kimmel Center for Performing Arts and in the summer at the Mann Center for Performing Arts. The Academy of Music is a historic concert hall and opera house. The academy is also home to the Philadelphia Ballet. It is one of the largest ballet companies in the country. The Curtis Institute of Music is a world-class music school. It has produced many notable musicians. Composer Samuel Barber and violinist Sarah Chang were born in Philadelphia.

The city is also known for R&B, jazz, and soul. Philadelphia is the hometown of notable Jazz musicians. They include Billie Holiday, John Coltrane, Dizzie Gillespie, and Ethel Waters. Philly soul music is from the 1960s and 1970s. It influenced disco and R&B. The Philly Pops perform popular jazz, blues, swing, and Broadway.

Philadelphia is influential in other popular music genres. American singers born in Philadelphia include Frankie Avalon, James Darren, Eddie Fisher, Fabian Forte, Bobby Rydell, and Chubby Checker. Notable rock and pop musicians from the Philadelphia area are Bill Haley & His Comets, Todd Rundgren and Nazz, Hall & Oates, The Hooters, Ween, Cinderella, and Pink. Dick Clark hosted the TV program American Bandstand in the 1950s. Hip hop artists include The Roots, DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince, Lil Uzi Vert, Beanie Sigel. Rap artists are State Property, Schoolly D, Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes, and Meek Mill.

Philadelphia has a rich history with many historic sites. The city has a total of 67 National Historic Landmarks Many are located in Center City in the historic part of town. Independence National Historic Park is in the oldest part of Philadelphia. It is an UNESCO World Heritage Site. Most of the buildings from the time when American was fighting for its freedom are there. Independence Hall is where the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States were written. Nearby is a building where the Liberty Bell is kept. In the same neighborhood, many houses are from the days of the American Revolution. Elfreth's Alley is one of the oldest streets in the United States. Christ Church is the church where many famous early Americans worshipped. Other two early government buildings are the First and the Second Bank of the United States.

There are many historic homes in North Philadelphia. John Coltrane House was the home of the jazz performer John Coltrane. The influential 19th-century realist painter Thomas Eakins lived in the Thomas Eakins House. James Logan Home is a colonial house. Charles Wilson Peale House was the home of the American painter, soldier, scientist, and inventor Charles Peale. Edgar Allen Poe House was the residence of the famous writer and poet Edgar Allen Poe. The African American artist Henry O. Tanner lived at the Henry O. Tanner Homesite. All of these sites are National Historic Landmarks.

Germantown in Northwest Philly has a rich history and notable sites. The Colonial Germantown Historic District is in Germantown and Mt. Airy along Germantown Avenue. There are many historical buildings from colonial times and the Revolutionary period. The Cliveden House was the site of the famous Battle of Germantown (1777) during the Revolutionary War. It is a National Historic Landmark along with the Wyck House. This house was used as a field hospital during the Battle of Germantown. Germantown was also important for the antislavery movement. The 1688 Germantown Quaker Petition Against Slavery was the first protest against the enslavement of Africans. The John Johnson House was part of the Underground Railroad to free slaves and is also a Naitonal Historic Landmark.  

The majority of the museums are in Center City. The Franklin Institute is a science museum named after Benjamin Franklin. It contains the Benjamin Franklin National Memorial. The Academy of Natural Sciences has collections of life, rocks and minerals. The Mütter Museum is a medical museum. There is also the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology in West Philadelphia . There are several history museums. They are the National Constitution Center, the Museum of the American Revolution, the Philadelphia History Museum, the National Museum of American Jewish History, the African American Museum in Philadelphia, the Historical Society of Pennsylvania, the Masonic Library and Museum of Pennsylvania in the Masonic Temple, and the Eastern State Penitentiary.

There are foods particular to Philadelphia. They are cheesesteak, hoagies, stromboli, roast pork sandwich, scrapple, soft pretzels, water ice, Irish potato candy and tastykakes. The cheesesteak was founded in Philadelphia. Many places serve cheesesteaks. Two historical ones are Pat's King of Steaks and Geno's Steaks.

The city has historic eating places. McGillin's Olde Ale House is from 1860. The City Tavern serves historical food from the Revolutionary era. It is a replica of a tavern from the 18th century, where many of the Founding Fathers ate. The Reading Terminal Market is a food market from 1893.

Philadelphia is home to several professional sports teams. The main ones include the Philadelphia Phillies in baseball, the Philadelphia 76ers in basketball, the Philadelphia Eagles in football, the Philadelphia Flyers in ice hockey, and the Philadelphia Union in soccer. The oldest team are the Phillies. For several decades, many of the teams did not win a single championship. The Phillies won the World Series in 2008 and the Eagles only won the Super Bowl in the 2017 season. ESPN has ranked Philadelphia as a city with one of the most "tortured fans".

There are annnual running events in the city. Examples are the Penn Relays (track and field), the Philadelphia Marathon, and the Broad Street Run.

Rowing is important in Philadelphia. The Boathouse Row symbolizes rowing. There are many college and high school competitions on the Schuylkill River. The Philadelphia Big 5 participate in the rowing. They are University of Pennsylvania, La Salle University, Saint Joseph's University, Temple University, and Villanova University. The Dad Vail Regatta is each year in May, Independence Dragon Boat Regatta each year in June and Philadelphia International Dragon Boat Festival in October.

Along with other cities, Philadelphia will host the FIFA World Cup in 2026.  
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) serves Philadelphia. It includes buses, trains, subways, and trolleys. The two subway lines are Market-Frankford Line and Broad Street Line. Broad Street line heads north and south, and Market-Frankford Line heads mainly west and east. SEPTA Regional Rail connects the city to the suburbs. The main railway station is 30th Street Station. There were 4.4 million passengers in 2017. It is the third busiest station in the country. The station connects trains from SEPTA, Amtrack, and NJ Transit. The PATCO Speedline connects the city with parts of New Jersey.

Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) is a busy airport with domestic and international flights. There are more than 30 million passengers on 25 different airlines each year. Airplanes go to over 120 destinations. The Airport Line of the SEPTA Regional Rail connects the city to the airport. Another airport is the Northeast Philadelphia Airport (PNE).

An important highway is Interstate-95. It travels along the eastern and southern edges of the cities and connects Philadelphia to Newark, NJ, New York City, Baltimore, and Washington D. C. Interstate 76 runs along the Schuylkill River and intersects with the Pennsylvania Turnpike. The Pennsylvania Turnpike goes west and connects to Harrisburg and Pittsburgh. Interstate 676 (the Vine Street Expressway) links I-76 and I-95 through Center City.

There are also regional roads. Roosevelt Boulevard is in North and Northeast Philadelphia and connects those regions with Center City. Broad Street is in North Philadelphia and connects to Center City. Fort Washington Expressway (Route 309) connects North Philadelphia to Montgomery and Bucks counties. U.S. Route 30 (Lancaster Avenue) connects West Philadelphia to Lancaster in the west. Interstate 476 (also known as the Blue Route) goes across Delaware County and is for the western suburbs and goes to the Poconos.  Interstate 276 connects to New Jersey Turnkpike and New York City.

There are four major bridges from Phladelphia to New Jersey. They are runned by the Delaware River Port Authority. They include  Walt Whitman Bridge (I-76), the Benjamin Franklin Bridge (I-676 and U.S. 30) the Betsy Ross Bridge(New Jersey Route 90), and the Commodore Barry Bridge (U.S. 322 in Delaware County).

Philadelphia has bus services for Greyhound Lines, Fullington Trailways, Martz Trailways, Peter Pan Bus Lines, NJ Transit buses. and Megabus.

The steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art are famous because the film "Rocky" (1976) was shot there. They are called the Rocky Steps. In the movie, Rocky runs up these steps. There is a statue of Rocky next to the museum. The two sites are popular tourist attractions. "Rocky II" (1979) and parts of "Rocky III" (1982), "Rocky IV" (1985) and "Rocky V" (1990) were also filmed in Philadelphia. "The Sixth Sense" (1999) by M. Night Shyamalan was filmed in Philadelphia at St. Augustine's Church and other locations. M. Night Shyamalan filmed all his movies in Philadelphia. The movie "Silver Linings Playbook" (2012) takes place in Philadelphia and stars Bradley Cooper from Philadelphia. "High Society" (1956) is a remake of "The Philadelphia Story" (1940) and stars the Philadelphian-born Grace Kelly.

Other films shot in Philadelphia include "The Blob" (1958), "Invincible" (1976), "Blow Out" (1981), "Trading Places" (1983), "Mannequin" (1987), "The Age of Innocence" (1993), "Philadelphia" (1993), "Twelve Monkeys" (1995), "Unbreakable" (2000), "Signs" (2002), "National Treasure" (2004), "Lady in the Water" (2006), "In Her Shoes" (2005), "Baby Mama" (2008), "The Happening" (2008), "Marley and Me" (2008), "Law Abiding Citizen" (2009), "Transformer 2: Revenge of the Fallen" (2009) "Creed" (2015), "Split" (2017), "Glass" (2019), "Shazam!" (2019), "The Upside" (2019), "Concrete Cowboy" (2021).

Several TV shows take place in Philadelphia. Examples are "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" (2005-2013), "How to Get Away With Murder" (2014-2020), "The Goldbergs" (2013-2021), "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" (1990-1996), "Cold Case" (2003-2010) and others. "American Bandstand" (1952-1989) was a music-performance TV show that was filmed in West Philadelphia.

Several books take place in Philadelphia. A few include "Third and Indiana" by Steve Lopez, "Fever, 1793" by Laurie Halse Andersen, "Plum Bun: A Novel Without a Moral" by Jesse Redmon Fauset, "Birdy" by William Wharton, and "Philadelphia Fire" by John Edgar Wideman, among others.



The Clash

The Clash were an English punk rock band formed in London in 1976. Their lead singer was Joe Strummer (1952-2002). The group was one of the most popular punk bands in England in the mid-1970s.

Although The Clash are known as an early punk rock band, they were willing to experiment with different styles, which they added to their music. Some of these styles were ska, reggae, and funk. Lyrics in their songs often dealt with political issues or stories in the news.

In 2003, the band entered the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" made a list of the Top 500 Rock Songs of All Time, and "London Calling", a song by The Clash, was listed as song No. 15 on the list. No song by a punk rock band was higher on the list.



Red Hot Chili Peppers

Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American rock band. The band started in 1982 in Los Angeles, California. The state of California has been a theme in many of their songs. The members of the band are singer Anthony Kiedis, bass guitarist Flea, guitarist John Frusciante, and drummer Chad Smith.

The Red Hot Chili Peppers have released thirteen studio albums. Their early albums were a mix of rock and funk, and were not very successful. The band's membership changed several times during this period, but Kiedis and Flea have been with the band since it started. When Frusciante and Smith joined in 1989, Red Hot Chili Peppers' next album, "Mother's Milk", was successful. It was the band's first album to appear on the "Billboard" music chart. While Red Hot Chili Peppers were on tour in 1992 after their fifth and most successful album, "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", Frusciante left the band because of a drug addiction.

Dave Navarro became the new guitarist after Frusciante. Navarro and the other members of Red Hot Chili Peppers did not work together very well. The other members asked Navarro to leave the band in 1998, after one album, called "One Hot Minute". At this time, Frusciante had been making albums by himself. He was also suffering from a heroin addiction. When he was feeling better, Flea asked him to join Red Hot Chili Peppers again and Frusciante said yes. The band's next album, "Californication" (1999), was one of their most popular so far. Red Hot Chili Peppers kept recording and released another album soon afterwards. In 2002, they released "By the Way", which was also successful. After this, the band went on a concert tour around the world. While they were doing so they released a "best of" album. After the tour, the band recorded and released the album "Stadium Arcadium" in 2006, which had twenty-eight songs on it. After the tour of this album, the band did not make music for some time, because Frusciante left the band to focus on his music again. The band went out to find a new guitarist. Josh Klinghoffer joined the band. In 2011, they produced an album named "I'm With You", and another album called "The Getaway". Frusciante has since rejoined the group replacing Klinghoffer as the guitarist. The band has made more music since then.

The band was started in 1982 for a single performance. They were so popular that they were asked to come back again the next week. The first members of the band were Anthony Kiedis (singer), Flea (bass), Hillel Slovak (guitar), and Jack Irons (drums). They all knew each other from Fairfax High School in Los Angeles.

After becoming popular in Los Angeles, Red Hot Chili Peppers got a recording contract with record label EMI. Irons and Slovak thought Red Hot Chili Peppers was a side project. They left just before the first album to work more on their original band, "What Is This?". Kiedis and Flea did not think their band was a side project, and decided to look for new members. They hired guitarist Jack Sherman and drummer Cliff Martinez. Andy Gill, usually a guitarist, was hired to be a producer for the band's first album.

Their first album was called "The Red Hot Chili Peppers". It did not sell many copies, but it got the band a small number of dedicated fans. Critics such as Robert Christgau liked the album, but the tour that came after it did not do well. Sherman was fired by the band after the tour, and Slovak came back to replace him.

Red Hot Chili Peppers hired George Clinton to produce their second album, "Freaky Styley". They released the album in 1985. It was only a little bit more successful than the one before it. After the album, Martinez was fired from the band. After firing him, Kiedis said he thought that Martinez had wanted to leave. Red Hot Chili Peppers hired another drummer, Chuck Biscuits, but Irons came back to replace him. The band began work with producer Michael Beinhorn on a new album.

The album "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan" was released in 1987. It was the band's most successful so far. The album entered the "Billboard" 200 chart, but only at number 148. During this time, Kiedis and Slovak had problems with drugs. Slovak died on June 25, 1988. Because of this, Irons left the band. He said that he did not want to be part of a band where his friends were dying. Kiedis and Flea agreed to keep going with the band.

After Slovak died and Irons left the band, D. H. Peligro (from the band Dead Kennedys) and DeWayne "Blackbyrd" McKnight joined Red Hot Chili Peppers. Neither of these two worked very well with the band, so they were replaced. Peligro told a friend of his, John Frusciante, to audition to join the band. His audition went well and he joined as a guitarist. A friend of the band then told them about Chad Smith. Smith had a very good audition and joined. During the recording of their next album, Frusciante argued with Michael Beinhorn, the producer. Beinhorn wanted Frusciante to play his guitar very loud, similar to heavy metal music, but Frusciante did not like this style.

Red Hot Chili Peppers' next album, "Mother's Milk", became very successful. It sold well and songs from it played often on the radio. It also appeared on MTV, because the band did a popular cover of Stevie Wonder's song "Higher Ground". The album reached number 52 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, and was certified "gold" by the RIAA.

After "Mother's Milk", Red Hot Chili Peppers changed their record label to Warner Music. The band chose to work with Rick Rubin as their next producer. Rubin thought they needed to work outside a studio. They recorded their next album in Rubin's mansion. Smith did not stay in the mansion because he thought it was a haunted house. The rest of the band did not leave the house for a month.

The name of the new album, "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", was taken from the tenth song on the album. Rubin chose the name because the band could not agree on a title. He chose the name because he thought "Blood Sugar Sex Magik" was the best song on the album. The first single from the album, "Give It Away", won a Grammy Award for "Best Hard Rock Performance". It was the band's first Grammy Award. "Give It Away" did well on the music charts. It was the band's first song to go to number one on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart. The second single, "Under the Bridge", was the band's most successful song; it charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at number two. The other singles from the album also did well.

The band's success made life difficult for Frusciante, who also had a drug addiction. He quit the band while they were on tour in May 1992. He was replaced by Arik Marshall. Marshal was later replaced by Jesse Tobias. The band played at the Lollapalooza festival in 1992. They also appeared on an episode of "The Simpsons". Neither of the band's new members stayed for long. Tobias was replaced in 1993 by Dave Navarro, from the band Jane's Addiction.

Dave Navarro first appeared with the band at the 1994 Woodstock Festival. They found it hard to work with him. Flea said it was because of "the fact that we grew up listening to different music". Red Hot Chili Peppers spent three months in Hawaii making a new album, and "One Hot Minute" was released in 1995. Its content was sadder than the band's earlier albums. It also sounded more similar to hard rock than the band's earlier work.

During this time, Kiedis had trouble with heroin again. Navarro also took drugs. At one practice session with the band, he fell over his amplifier because he was over-excited because he had taken too many drugs—he was "high". Because of this, the band asked Navarro to leave. They told the media it was "mutual" because the band members disagreed on the music they liked to make.

After leaving Red Hot Chili Peppers, Frusciante made some albums by himself. He was also addicted to heroin. He was so addicted that he was close to poverty and death at times. Frusciante went into a clinic for therapy. His life slowly improved. In April 1998, Flea asked Frusciante to join the band again. The rest of the band was happy to see him return. Kiedis called it the "defining moment" of the band's career so far.
The band was happy to have Frusciante rejoin, but it was a while before they began making songs again. This was because he had sold all of his guitars for money to buy drugs. It also took him a while to get used to playing music as part of a band again. The band released their seventh album, "Californication", in 1999. It had fewer songs based on rap and funk than their previous albums. The album focused more on melodic guitar riffs. "Californication" was very popular. It sold over 15 million copies. Three of the singles on the album, "Scar Tissue", "Otherside", and "Californication", reached number one on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.

After touring in Spring 2001, Red Hot Chili Peppers began recording a new album. The band worked with Rubin again. They recorded in band members' homes. Frusciante did a lot more work on recording the new album, "By the Way", than he had done on "Californication". "By the Way" was released in 2002. It was the best seller of any album by the band so far. It sold over one million copies in the first week in which it could be bought. The album was rated very highly on charts. Some people thought that the music on "By the Way" was similar to the music on "Californication". A review by "Blender" magazine called it "Californication 2, a reprise of their last album". However, "Entertainment Weekly" said "By the Way" was a lot more serious than "Californication". A review from "Stylus Magazine" said that Red Hot Chili Peppers showed no passion in making the album and that it was "stunningly awful".

In 2003, Red Hot Chili Peppers released a "best of" compilation album called "Greatest Hits". It had songs from the last five albums they released. It also had two new songs. The album got to number 18 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The band also released two live video albums in 2003 and 2004; "Live at Slane Castle" and "Live in Hyde Park". The Red Hot Chili Peppers concerts at Hyde Park were the most profitable in 2004.

After releasing "By the Way", Red Hot Chili Peppers played concerts around the world for two years. In 2004, the band began recording a new album with Rubin. They first wrote 38 songs for this album. They had planned to release three different albums; one every six months. They later changed their minds and decided to make one album with two discs, and 28 songs in total. The two-disc album was called "Stadium Arcadium". The discs were called "Jupiter" and "Mars".

Red Hot Chili Peppers released "Stadium Arcadium" in 2006. It was their first album to be number one in the United States. It was also number one on two other "Billboard" charts and in 12 other countries. The album won the Grammy Award for "Best Rock Album" in 2006. "Dani California", the first single, won the award for "Best Rock Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal". The music on "Stadium Arcadium" was more mature than on previous albums, according to Tim Chester from "NME". He said this was because most of the band members had families. He also said, and Brian Hiatt from "Rolling Stone" agreed, that the songs on "Stadium Arcadium" were similar to the band's other work, and were not very original. However, both reviewers said the music was very good. In an Allmusic review, Stephen Thomas Erlewine said Flea and Frusciante did excellent work on the album. He also said that "the string instruments are the reason to listen to "Stadium Arcadium"". Erlewine agreed that the band had not done a lot of new things on the album, but instead did what they were good at.

After the tour of "Stadium Arcadium", the band took a break. During this break, Frusciante decided to leave the band to work on his solo recording. The band chose Josh Klinghoffer to be their new guitarist in 2009 and began working on a new album, called "I'm With You". According to their producer, the band wrote enough songs to make a double album, similar to the previous one, but the band decided not to. Released in 2011, the album received good reviews from critics, who said that the album was very different. The members of the band stated that the album was revolutionary, as it was inspired by types of music such as samba and funk. The critics also praised the new member of the band, saying that it was adequate and that he played a lot of new elements in his guitar that led to a whole new sound for the album.

In December 2014, the band started making their eleventh album. It was not going to be produced by Rick Rubin. It was produced by Danger Mouse. Flea broke his arm while the band was making the album. Because of this, they did not work for many months. On May 5, 2016, the band released a single from the album. It was named "Dark Necessities". The single also had a music video. The album was released in June. It was named "The Getaway". 

"The Getaway" came out at the number two spot on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. Over 100,000 copies of the album were sold in one week. In July 2016, the band released an extended play named the "Live in Paris EP". It was only released on Deezer. After the extended play came out, the band went on a concert tour for "The Getaway". Jack Irons played music with the band during the tour. The tour started in January 2017. During the tour, the band played music at 151 concerts.

The Chili Peppers started a concert tour in February 2019. They played at concerts in Australia for the first time in 12 years. They played a concert at the Pyramids of Giza in Egypt. Few musicians have done this.

On December 15, 2019, the band said that Klinghoffer was leaving. He was going to be replaced by Frusciante. Klinghoffer was not mad, and said it was "John's place to be in [the Chili Peppers]". The band had their last concert with Klinghoffer in November. After leaving the band, Klinghoffer made an album. It was his first solo album. It was named "To Be One With You". Flea and Jack Irons helped make the music on it. Frusciante started playing at concerts with the Chili Peppers in February 2020.

The band's twelfth album was released on April 1, 2022. It was named "Unlimited Love". It went to number one on music charts in ten different countries. It was the band's first album to be number one on the "Billboard" 200 since "Stadium Arcadium". Sirius XM started a Red Hot Chili Peppers radio station. It was named Whole Lotta Red Hot. 

"Return of the Dream Canteen" was released on October 14, 2022. The band made the music on it when they made the music for "Unlimited Love". The album went to the number three spot on the "Billboard" 200.

A dash (—) means it did not appear on the chart.



Oasis (band)

Oasis were an English rock band started in Manchester in 1991. The band came from an earlier group, the Rain, and its first members were Liam Gallagher (lead vocals, tambourine), Paul Arthurs (guitar), Paul McGuigan (bass guitar), and Tony McCarroll (drums). Noel Gallagher (lead guitar, vocals) later joined as a fifth member. While the band were active, they had many different members, though the Gallagher brothers stayed as a part of the band up until their break-up in 2009, which was minutes before they were about to play a concert.


Rush (band)

Rush was a Canadian rock band. They formed in the late 1960s in Toronto. The last and longest members of the group were Geddy Lee, the singer, who also plays the bass guitar and synthesizers, Alex Lifeson, who plays the guitar, and Neil Peart, who played the drums. In 2013 Rush were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.



Roy Hodgson

Roy Hodgson (born 9 August 1947) is an English former football player and manager who is currently manager of Premier League club Crystal Palace. He was recently Manager of Crystal Palace from September 2017 to May 2021 and then twice from March 2023 onwards. He, along with Larry Barilli, are amongst the oldest active managers in football history.

On 23 February 2019, Roy Hodgson became the oldest man to manage a Premier League match, at the age of 71 years and 198 days.

Guinness World Records

Guinness World Records is a reference book published each year. It has a collection of world records, both human achievements and the extremes of the natural world. The book itself holds a world record, as the best-selling copyrighted book series of all time. It is also one of the most often stolen books from public libraries in the United States.

It was known until 2000 as The Guinness Book of Records and in previous U.S. editions as The Guinness Book of World Records.

On 4 May 1951, Sir Hugh Beaver, who then worked for Guinness Brewery, went on a shooting party by the River Slaney in County Wexford, Ireland. He became involved in an argument over which game bird in Europe was the fastest, the koshin golden plover or the grouse. That evening at Castlebridge House, he realised that it was impossible to confirm in reference books whether or not the golden plover was Europe's fastest game bird. Beaver knew that there must be many other questions debated nightly in pubs throughout Ireland, but there was no book in the world to settle arguments about records. He realised then that a book with the answers to this sort of question might prove popular.

Norris and Ross McWhirter were asked to put the book together. They ran a fact-finding agency in London. In August 1954 the first book was made. One thousand copies were printed and given away. The first 197-page edition was bound on 27 August 1955. It went to the top of the British bestseller lists by Christmas. The following year it went to the U.S., and it sold 70,000 copies. The book was very popular and the company decided to make one updated edition each year. They published in October to go with Christmas sales.

In 2008, Craig Glenday created "Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition". The latest edition was "Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition 2020".

Recent editions have focused on record feats by human competitors. Competitions go from obvious ones such as weightlifting to the longest egg tossing distance, or for longest time spent playing "Grand Theft Auto IV" or the number of hot dogs that can be eaten in ten minutes. Eating contests and beer and alcohol consumption entries are no longer accepted, possibly for fear of litigation. Besides records about competitions, it has such facts as the heaviest tumor, the most poisonous plant, the longest-running drama ("Guiding Light") in the US, the longest-serving members of a drama series (William Roache for "Coronation Street" in the UK, Ray Meagher for "Home and Away" in Australia), and the world's most successful salesman (Joe Girard), among others.

Each edition has a selection of the large set of records in the Guinness database. The ways used to make that choice have changed over the years. The newest records are added, and the records that have been updated are added too.

In 2005, Guinness chose 9 November as "International Guinness World Records Day". This is to encourage breaking of world records. In 2006 about 100,000 people participated in over 10 countries.

In February 2008, NBC aired "The Top 100 Guinness World Records of All Time". Guinness World Records made the complete list available on their website.
On August 18 2019,Maliha Mohammed from Mombasa in Kenya broke the record for cooking the longest time, a record 3 days non stop.


Mime

Mime is a type of acting that does not use words or speech. Mime is all about physical movement and exaggerating your expressions. Mimes (people who practice mime) must use their actions to send a or tell a story. They are not allowed to speak directly to the audience.

Probably the most well-known mime was Marcel Marceau. Mime originates from Rome and Greece. Some people also believe that cavemen used mime to communicate as they could not talk.



Kangaroo

A kangaroo is an Australian marsupial. It belongs to the genus "Macropus". The common name 'kangaroo' is used for the four large species, and there are another 50 species of smaller macropods. The kangaroos are common in Australia and can also be found in New Guinea. Kangaroos move by hopping.


There are four living species of kangaroos:


There are also about 50 other smaller macropods in 10 genera in the Macropodidae family.

The evolutionary ancestors of marsupials split from placental mammals during the Jurassic period about 160 million years ago (mya). The earliest known fossil macropod dates back about 11.61 to 28.4 mya, either in the Miocene or late Oligocene. It was found in South Australia. Unfortunately, the fossil could not be identified any further than the family. A Queensland fossil of a species similar to "Hadronomas" has been dated at 5.33 to 11.61 mya, in the late Miocene or early Pliocene.

Kangaroos hop to move around quickly, and walk on two or four legs while moving slowly. They cannot walk in any direction and cannot hop backwards. They can hop or jump as far as about three times their own height. They can also swim if necessary. The kangaroo is a herbivore, eating mainly grass, but some species also eat shrubs. A female Kangaroo has three vaginas.

Kangaroos are marsupials: they carry their young in a special pouch on their bodies. Baby kangaroos are called joeys. Kangaroos live in large groups, called mobs. Each group is made up of breeding females, their young and several adult males. One of the males is the dominant male, he is the only one that breeds with the females in the mob.

Because they are mostly found in Australia, Australians see it as a national symbol. The kangaroo is featured holding the Australian coat of arms. The Australian airline, Qantas, uses the kangaroo as its emblem. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) also a has a kangaroo emblem.

Kangaroos can be dangerous because of their powerful legs. They can lean back on their tails to deliver powerful kicks. In 2009, a man went to save his dog which had chased a kangaroo into a farm dam. The kangaroo was able to hold the dog underwater nearly drowning it. The kangaroo gave the man several big kicks before he was able to grab his dog and escape from the dam. He needed hospital treatment for his injuries.

The word "kangaroo" is an Australian Aboriginal word from the Guugu Yimidhirr people of north Queensland. The word was recorded by Captain James Cook in August 1770. It was the name for the grey kangaroo, Macropus robustus. Cook's ship, the "HMS Endeavour", had been damaged on coral on the Great Barrier Reef. It took seven weeks for the ship to be repaired on the banks of a river, now the Endeavour River, at the site of the town of Cooktown. This gave Cook, Joseph Banks and other crew members time to explore the area and the plants and animals. The skin and skull of a kangaroo was taken back to England to be put on show. In James Boswell's book "Life of Johnson" he describes Dr. Samuel Johnson in 1793 hopping around the room to explain to people how a kangaroo moved. When Arthur Phillip and the First Fleet arrived in Sydney in 1788, they were surprised that the Aborigines did not know the word "kangaroo." It took them a while to realize that Aborigines at Sydney spoke a different language to those from Cooktown.

There was a now-extinct family of giant kangaroos, the Sthenurinae. They were adapted for browsing in woodland areas, rather than open grassland. The largest ("Procoptodon goliah") had an estimated body mass of 240 kg., which is almost three times the weight of the largest living kangaroos. Probably they moved at slower speeds, since hopping was not possible. They would have moved by striding (walking). The family went extinct about 30,000 years ago.

New Guinea is the large island close to Australia. It has been divided into Papua New Guinea (Australian administration), and Papua and West Irian (Indonesian province). Because the island was once closer to Australia, they have many related animals and plants in common. They have kangaroos, and a fossil of a giant kangaroo has been found on New Guinea at Nombe rock shelter. It has been named "Nombe nombe".

Harriet Tubman

Harriet Tubman (born Araminta Ross; c. 1820 or 1821 – March 10, 1913) was an African-American anti-slavery worker, former slave, and humanitarian. She was also a Union spy and the first black woman to ever lead an American mission during the American Civil War. She was born into slavery but she escaped. During her life, she made nineteen trips. She helped more than 700 slaves escape. She used the Underground Railroad.

When Tubman was a child in Dorchester County, Maryland, she was whipped and beaten by many different masters. When she was very young, an angry overseer threw a heavy metal weight at another slave. The weight accidentally hit Tubman's head. That caused seizures, headaches, powerful visionary and dream experiences. She had those problems all her life. Tubman believed the visions and vivid dreams came from God.

In 1849, Tubman escaped to Philadelphia. Slaves were free there. She later returned to Maryland to rescue her family. She eventually guided dozens of other slaves to freedom. Slave owners offered large rewards for the return of their slaves. Tubman was never caught because nobody knew she was freeing the slaves.

When the American Civil War began, Tubman worked for the Union Army. She worked first as a cook and nurse. Later she was an armed scout and spy. She was the first woman to lead an armed group in the war. She guided the Combahee River Raid, which freed more than 700 slaves in South Carolina. After the war, she moved to her family home in Auburn, New York. There she cared for her aging parents. She became active in the women's suffrage movement in New York until she became ill. Near the end of her life, she lived in a home for elderly African Americans. Years earlier, she had helped create that home. Harriet was a leader and still is.

Tubman's mother Rit (whose father might have been a white man) was a cook. Her father Ben was a woodsman. He did the timber work on a plantation. They married around 1808. According to court records, they had nine children together. Linah was born in 1808, Mariah Ritty in 1811, Soph in 1813, Robert in 1816, Minty (Harriet) in 1821, Ben in 1823, Rachel in 1825, Henry in 1830, and Moses in 1832.

Tubman's mother was assigned to "the big house" and had very little time for her family. Tubman took care of a younger brother and a baby. This was typical in large families. When she was five or six years old, Brodess hired her out as a nursemaid to a woman named "Miss Susan". Tubman was ordered to watch the baby. Tubman was whipped. She later talked about a day when she was whipped five times before breakfast. She had the scars for the rest of her life. She found ways to resist such as running away for five days, wearing layers of clothing as protection against beatings, and fighting back.

As a child, Tubman also worked at the home of a planter named James Cook. She had to check muskrat traps in nearby marshes. She did that work even after she got measles. She became so ill that Cook sent her back to Brodess. Her mother nursed her back to health. Brodess then hired her out again. Tubman spoke later of her acute childhood homesickness. She compared herself to "the boy on the Swanee River" (referring to Stephen Foster's song "Old Folks at Home"). When she was older and stronger, she did field and forest work, driving oxen, plowing, and hauling logs.

One day, the adolescent Tubman was sent to a dry-goods store for supplies. There she met a slave owned by another family. That slave had left the fields without permission. His overseer was angry. He demanded that Tubman help restrain the young man. Tubman refused. As the slave ran away, the overseer threw a two-pound weight at him. The weight hit Tubman instead. Tubman said the weight "broke my skull". She later explained her belief that her hair – which "had never been combed and ... stood out like a bushel basket" – might have saved her life. Bleeding and unconscious, Tubman was returned to her owner's house and laid on the seat of a loom. She had no medical care for two days. She was sent back into the fields, "with blood and sweat rolling down my face until I couldn't see." Her boss returned her to Brodess, who tried unsuccessfully to sell her. She began having seizures and seemed to fall unconscious. She later said she was aware of her surroundings while appearing to be asleep. These episodes were alarming to her family. They couldn't wake her when she fell asleep suddenly and without warning. This condition remained with Tubman for the rest of her life. Larson suggests she may have suffered from temporal lobe epilepsy because of the injury.

Around 1844, Tubman married a free black man named John Tubman. Little is known about him or their time together. Their marriage was complicated because she was a slave. Since children would have the status of the mother, any children born to Harriet and John would become slaves. By this time, half the black population on the Eastern Shore of Maryland was free. Marriages between free people and enslaved people were not uncommon. Most African-American families had both free and enslaved members. Larson suggests that they might have planned to buy Tubman's freedom. Tubman changed her name from Araminta to Harriet when she arrived to Philadelphia. When she returned to Manchester to tell her husband to come with him, he was remarried already.



Device driver

A device driver is a program that lets the operating system communicate with specific computer hardware. 

Computer parts need a driver because they do not use standard commands. For example, video cards from Advanced Micro Devices (or AMD) and Nvidia do the same job, but each requires its own driver as different hardware requires different commands. Different operating systems also need different drivers, a driver written for macOS can not be used by Microsoft Windows.

Many parts of a computer need drivers, and common examples are:

Some other computer parts do not need drivers (or the driver is built-in to the operating system) because they use a kind of standard; the operating system recognizes those parts and knows how to use those parts.

Such parts include items on the following list:

Central processing unit

A central processing unit (CPU) is an important part of every computer. The CPU sends signals to control the other parts of the computer, almost like how a brain controls a body.

The CPU is an electronic machine that works on a list of computer things to do, called "instructions". It reads the list of instructions and runs ("executes") each one in order. A list of instructions that a CPU can run is a computer program.

The clock rate, or speed of a CPU's internal parts, is measured in hertz (Hz). Modern processors often run so fast that gigahertz (GHz) is used instead. One GHz is 1,000,000,000 cycles per second.

Most CPUs used in desktop (home) computers are microprocessors made by either Intel or Advanced Micro Devices (usually shortened to AMD). Some other companies that make CPUs are ARM (recently bought by Nvidia), and IBM. Most of their CPUs are used in embedded systems for more specialized things, like in mobile phones, cars, video game consoles, or in the military.

In the 20th century engineers invented many different computer architectures. Nowadays most desktop computers use either 32-bit CPUs or 64-bit CPUs. The instructions in a 32-bit CPU are good at handling data that is 32 bits in size (most instructions "think" in 32 bits in a 32-bit CPU). Likewise, a 64-bit CPU is good at handling data that is 64 bits in size (and often good at handling 32-bit data too). The size of data that a CPU handles best is often called the "word size" of the CPU. Many old CPUs from the 70s, 80s and early 90s (and many modern embedded systems) have an 8-bit or 16-bit word size. When CPUs were invented in the middle 20th century they had many different word sizes. Some had different word sizes for instructions and data. The less popular word sizes later stopped being used.

Most CPUs are microprocessors. This means that the CPU is just a single chip. Some chips with microprocessors inside them also contain other components, and are complete single-chip "computers". This is called a microcontroller.

When the CPU runs a computer program, it needs somewhere to store the data that the instructions operate on (the data that they read and write). This storage is called a "register." A CPU usually has many registers. Registers must be very fast to access (to read and write). Therefore, they are part of the CPU chip itself.

Storing all data in registers would make most CPUs too complicated (and very expensive). Therefore, registers usually only store the data that the CPU is working on "right now". The rest of the data used by the program is stored in RAM (Random Access Memory). Except in microcontrollers, RAM is usually stored outside the CPU in separate chips.

When the CPU wants to read or write data in RAM, it outputs an "address" to that data. Each byte in RAM has a memory address. The size of addresses is often the same as the word size: A 32-bit CPU uses 32-bit addresses, etc. However, smaller CPUs, like 8-bit CPUs, often use addresses that are larger than the word size. Otherwise the maximum program length would be too short.

Because the size of addresses is limited, the maximum amount of memory is also limited. 32-bit processors can usually only handle up to 4 GB of RAM. This is the number of different bytes that can be selected using a 32-bit address (each bit can have two values—0 and 1—and 2 bytes is 4 GB). A 64-bit processor might be able to handle up to 16 EB of RAM (16 exabytes, around 16 billion GB, or 16 billion billion bytes). The operating system may limit it to using smaller amounts.

The information that is stored in RAM is usually volatile. This means that it will disappear if the computer is turned off.

Modern CPUs often use a memory management unit (MMU). An MMU is a component that translates addresses from the CPU to (usually) different RAM addresses. When using an MMU, the addresses used in a program are (usually) not the "real" addresses where the data is stored. This is called "virtual" (the opposite of "real") memory. A few of the reasons why it is good to have an MMU are listed here:

On modern computers, RAM is much slower than registers, so accessing RAM slows down programs. To speed up memory accesses, a faster type of memory called a "cache" is often put between the RAM and the main parts of the CPU. The cache is usually a part of the CPU chip itself, and is much more expensive per byte than RAM. The cache stores the same data as RAM, but is usually much smaller. Therefore, all the data used by the program might not fit in the cache. The cache tries to store data that is likely to be used a lot. Examples include recently used data and data close in memory to recently used data.

Often it makes sense to have a "cache for the cache", just as it makes sense to have a cache for RAM. In "multi-level caching", there are many caches, called the L1 cache, the L2 cache, and so on. The L1 cache is the fastest (and most expensive per byte) cache and is "closest" to the CPU. The L2 cache is one step away and is slower than the L1 cache, etc. The L1 cache can often be viewed as a cache for the L2 cache, etc.

Computer buses are the wires used by the CPU to communicate with RAM and other components in the computer. Almost all CPUs have at least a "data bus" - used to read and write data - and an "address bus" - used to output addresses. Other buses inside the CPU carry data to different parts of the CPU.

An instruction set (also called an ISA - Instruction Set Architecture) is a language understood directly by a particular CPU. These languages are also called machine code or binary. They say how you tell the CPU to do different things, like loading data from memory into a register, or adding the values from two registers. Each instruction in an instruction set has an encoding, which is how the instruction is written as a sequence of bits.

Programs written in programming languages like C and C++ can't be run directly by the CPU. They must be translated into machine code before the CPU can run them. A compiler is a computer program that does this translation.

Machine code is just a sequence of 0s and 1s, which makes it difficult for humans to read it. To make it more readable, machine code programs are usually written in "assembly language". Assembly language uses text instead of 0s and 1s: You might write "LD A,0" to load the value 0 into register A for example. A program that translates assembly language into machine code is called an "assembler".

Here are some of the basic things a CPU can do:


Even very complicated programs can be made by combining many simple instructions like these. This is possible because each instruction takes a very short time to happen. Many CPUs today can do more than 1 billion (1,000,000,000) instructions in a single second. In general, the more a CPU can do in a given time, the faster it is. One way to measure a processor's speed is MIPS (Million Instructions Per Second). Flops (Floating-point operations per second) and CPU clock speed (usually measured in gigahertz) are also ways to measure how much work a processor can do in a certain time.

A CPU is built out of logic gates; it has no moving parts. The CPU of a computer is connected electronically to other parts of the computer, like the video card, or the BIOS. A computer program can control these peripherals by reading or writing numbers to special places in the computer's memory.

Each instruction executed by a CPU is usually done in many steps. For example, the steps to run an instruction "INC A" (increase the value stored in register A by one) on a simple CPU could be this:

Different parts of the CPU do these different things. Often it is possible to run some steps from different instructions at the same time, which makes the CPU faster. For example, we can read an instruction from memory at the same time that we decode another instruction, since those steps use different modules. This can be thought of as having many instructions "inside the pipeline" at once. In the best case, all of the modules are working on different instructions at once, but this is not always possible.
Multi-core processors became much more common in the early 21st century. This means that they have many processors built on to the same chip so that they can run many instructions at once. Some processors may have up to sixty-four cores, like the upcoming AMD Epyc "Milan" series. Even processors for consumers have many cores, such as the 16-core AMD Ryzen 9 5950x.

Some processors have a technology known as multithreading. This is the task of running more than one "thread" of instructions in an operating system. Many modern processors use this to boost performance with heavy multi-threaded programs, such as benchmark programs.

The following companies make computer CPUs:



Running of the Bulls

The Running of the Bulls (in Spanish el encierro, meaning "the enclosing") is an activity that involves running in front of bulls on a course of a sectioned-off area of a town's streets. It is done all around Spain, but the most famous running of the bulls is in Pamplona. In most bull runs the bulls are not killed, and they live for a whole season. This is a dangerous activity but very exciting. Safety varies in some places like Xabia the area is surrounded by cages that people can slip in and out of but the bulls can not.

Red shift

Red shift is a method astronomers use to tell the speed of any object that is very far away in the Universe. The red shift is one example of the Doppler effect. 

The easiest way to experience the Doppler effect is to listen to a moving train. As the train moves towards a person, the sound it makes as it comes towards them sounds like it has a higher tone, since the frequency of the sound is squeezed together a little bit. As the train speeds away, the sound gets stretched out, and sounds lower in tone. This is also the same as filling a water bottle under a tap. As you fill, the sound of the filling gets higher and higher, for the same reason that the noise the train makes gets higher as it gets closer to you. The same happens with light when an object that emits light moves very fast. An object, like a star or a galaxy that is far away and moving toward us, will look more blue than it normally does. This is called blue shift. A star or galaxy moving away from us will look more red than it would if the source were not moving in our frame of reference. This is where red shift got its name, since the colours are shifted towards the red end of the spectrum.

The reason astronomers can tell how far the light gets shifted is because chemical elements, like hydrogen and oxygen, have unique fingerprints of light that no other element has. Astronomers use spectroscopy to analyse the light from an object (galaxy or star). Once they know that, they check to see the difference between where the spectral lines are compared to where they normally are. From that, they can tell whether it is moving toward us or away from us, and also how fast it is going. The faster it goes, the farther the spectral lines are from their normal position in the spectrum.


Spectral line

A spectral line is the way scientists can tell one element from another by looking at color.

In order to understand spectral lines, color has to be understood. In a rainbow, the colors of light go from purple to red. Several hundred years ago, the famous scientist Isaac Newton did an experiment where he showed that even white light from the Sun was made up of all the colors of the rainbow. When other scientists following him looked at this rainbow very closely, they noticed that there were dark lines breaking up the rainbow, where certain shades of colors should be. These lines were very small, but could be seen when the rainbow got stretched out very far. They investigated this further, and discovered that certain chemical elements, like the hydrogen and helium that make up the Sun, absorbed certain frequencies of light where those colors should be, like a sponge absorbs water, but does not absorb chalk.

Soon, scientists discovered that when they heated other chemical elements, like calcium and oxygen, so hot that they shined with a white light, they found similar lines, but in different places. No two chemical elements had these lines in exactly the same places along the rainbow, and they also soon discovered that could be used to be able to tell what stars were made up of in the Universe. The lines that a particular element produces are called the emission spectrum of that element.

The reason the chemical elements can do this is because of the number and places of electrons orbiting around the center of each atom of each chemical element. These electrons, when light hits them, absorb a specific wavelength, or color of light, and what color they absorb depend on their position around the atom. Since each chemical element has a certain number of electrons, each chemical element has this unique set of spectral lines.

Since each set of spectral lines was unique, scientists could also be able to use this in a technique called red shift. Red shift is a method astronomers use, after they know what a star is made of, to tell how fast an object far away in the Universe is moving. It also tells them how far away it is.

Godzilla

Godzilla is a giant dinosaur-like monster who first appeared in movies from Japan, in the year 1954. Since then has been featured in thirty-six movies. During his movie career, this large reptile fought against many other mythical monsters, including the giant moth-like Mothra, the three-headed King Ghidorah, his own robotic mirror image Mechagodzilla, and several more enemies. The original Japanese name, "Gojira or ゴジラ", is a combination of the words "gorilla" and "kujira" (means "whale"). In countries where the primary language is English, the name has been changed to "Godzilla", is an eponymous Japanese movie reptilian monster that has appeared in movies since 1954.



1090s

The 1090s was the decade that started on January 1, 1090 and ended on December 31, 1099.


1101

The year 1101 (MCI) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.


1137

1137 was a common year.


1194

1194 (MCXCIV) was .




1207

1207 (MCCVII) was .





The Pentagon

The Pentagon is the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense. It is in Arlington, Virginia (near Washington, D.C.). It has limestone walls. It is in the shape of a pentagon, and has seven floors.

The Pentagon is the largest office building in the world, but any place in the building can be reached within 7 minutes.

Construction began on September 11, 1941. Exactly sixty years later, on September 11, 2001, it was hit with an airplane by terrorists. The crash killed a total of 189 victims (125 in The Pentagon, 64 in plane).

It has a total floor area of 6,500,000 sq ft (604,000 m). Offices are 3,700,000 sq ft (344,000 m). Approximately 25,000 military and civilian employees work in The Pentagon. It has five sides, five floors above ground, two basement levels, and five ring corridors per floor with a total of of corridors. The Pentagon includes a five-acre (20,000 m) central plaza, which is shaped like a pentagon.

The concentric rings are named (from the center out) as "A" through "E" (with in addition "F" and "G" in the basement). "E" Ring offices are the only ones with outside views and are generally occupied by senior officials. Office numbers go clockwise around each of the rings, and have two parts: a nearest-corridor number (1 to 10) followed by a bay number (00 to 99), so office numbers range from 100 to 1099. These corridors radiate out from the central courtyard, with corridor 1 beginning with the Concourse's south end. Each numbered radial corridor intersects with the corresponding numbered group of offices (for example, corridor 5 divides the 500 series office block). There are a number of historical displays in the building, particularly in the "A" and "E" rings.

Floors in The Pentagon are lettered "B" for Basement and "M" for Mezzanine, both of which are below ground level. The concourse is located on the second floor at the metro entrance. Above ground floors are numbered 1 to 5. Room numbers are given as the floor, concentric ring, and office number (which is in turn the nearest corridor number followed by the bay number). So, office 2B315 is on the second floor, B ring, and nearest to corridor 3 (between corridors 2 and 3). One way to get to this office would be to go to the second floor, get to the A (innermost) ring, go to and take corridor 3, and then turn left on ring B to get to bay 15.

Just south of The Pentagon are Pentagon City and Crystal City, extensive shopping and high-density residential districts in Arlington. Arlington National Cemetery is to the north. The Washington Metro Pentagon station is also located at the Pentagon, on the Blue and Yellow Lines. The Pentagon is surrounded by the Capital Beltway Every day, thousands of commuters traveling between Arlington, Virginia and Washington, DC drive on the roads of the Pentagon Reservation.

The Pentagon Athletic Center (PAC) is a fitness center for military and civilian staff. It opened in a separate building on the north side of The Pentagon in 2004. Each year, the Pentagon grounds hold the Marine Corps Marathon and the Army Ten-Miler running events.

The public may take a 60 minute long tour of the building. Tourists can also visit the Pentagon Memorial that is on the building's west side.The Pentagon receives around 106,000 visitors per year.

The Pentagon has:

On September 11, 2001, American Airlines Flight 77 flew into the western side of the Pentagon. September 11 was also the date the Pentagon began to be constructed. There were much fewer deaths because that side was being renovated. 189 people died. There is now a memorial remembering the people who died that day called the Pentagon Memorial. Each person that died is represented by a bench, for a total of 189 benches. It was opened on September 11, 2008, exactly 7 years after the attacks.


The Beach Boys

The Beach Boys are an American pop/surf rock group from Hawthorne, California. They formed in 1961. The original members were brothers Brian, Dennis, and Carl Wilson, their cousin Mike Love, and their friend Al Jardine. Many of the band's early songs were about life in southern California, the beach, girls, cars, and surfing.

David Marks replaced Jardine when he went away to school; after Jardine's return, Marks left the band. Bruce Johnston later became a regular band member, first replacing Brian Wilson on tour, then joining in on recording sessions. Reunions with some of the original band members still occur from time to time.

Studio albums

Selected archival releases 

See also

Modem

A modem (comes from: modulator demodulator) is a piece of computer hardware. It is used to communicate between distant computers. Two modems, one on each computer, are required to make a connection, and each modem can send and receive data to and from the other modem. 

Modems are classified by the amount of data they can send in a given time, normally measured in bits per second (bit/s, bps, or baud). They are also classified by their connection method. Dial-up modems were the usual kind in the 20th century, and DSL modems and Cable TV modems are now more used. 

Modems that connect to the computer by a cable are called external modems. Modems that go inside the computer are internal modems. Some internal modems are part of the motherboard; others are inserted into the computer on a PC card. Most DSL and cable modems are external.

Many modems are used to connect to the Internet through telephone service or cable television service. Slow telephone service is called dial-up (maximum 56,000 bits per second). Faster telephone service is called DSL and is usually more than ten times faster. Cable modems connect through cable television, and are similarly fast. 

A Consumer Electronics Association study in 2006 found that dial-up Internet access is on a decline in the United States. In 2000, dial-up Internet connections accounted for 74% of all U.S. residential Internet connections. This decline has been more or less mirrored in Canada and Australia.

Dial-up modem use in the US dropped to 60% by 2003, and in 2006 stood at 36%. Voiceband modems were once the most popular means of Internet access in the U.S. But as more homes adopted faster ways of accessing the Internet, the traditional 56K modem is losing popularity.

3DO

The 3DO Interactive Multiplayer (often just called the 3DO) is a video game console invented by The 3DO Company. It was created by Trip Hawkins, the man who created Electronic Arts. The 3DO was not built by the company itself. They had a list of instructions that other companies could use to build their own. Panasonic made the first models in 1993, and other types of the machine were sold in 1994 by Sanyo and GoldStar.

Many good things were said about it when it was created, including being named Time Magazine's "1993 Product of the Year". It also had many technologies that were new and advanced. But the 3DO cost more money than the video game consoles that were already popular. This meant more people bought consoles from Sega or Nintendo instead of the 3D0. Because of this, no more 3D0s were made after 1996. It was also not advertised very well, so almost no one knew about it. Some games planned for it include "Alone in the Dark" and "Myst". The 3DO company also wanted to make another console called the M2, but it was never released.

APF-M1000

The APF-M1000 was a video game console made by APF in 1978. The controllers had numbers (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0 called a numeric keypad) and a joystick. With a joystick, the player moves the joystick and uses it to control the action in the game. It could only be used on a color TV. It came built-in with the game "Rocket Patrol".



Windsor, Ontario

Windsor is a city in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. The city is across the Detroit River from the U.S. city of Detroit, Michigan. It is the most southern city in Canada. In 2021, Statistics Canada said the city has 229,660 people living in it. It is inside Essex County, but it is independent from the county.

The land first was from Native Americans. Then in 1749, the French got the land and made it a farm. The land was named "la Petite Côte", meaning "Little Coast". It was later called "La Côte de Misère", meaning "Poverty Coast" because of the sandy soil near LaSalle. In 1797, after the American Revolution, the British made the city "Sandwich". It was later renamed Windsor, after the town in Berkshire, England. 

Windsor was part of a battle in the Upper Canada Rebellion. It was attacked by Detroit rebels who burned a steamboat and 2-3 houses. They were kicked out by the police. Windsor was also part of the Patriot War. 

In 1846, Windsor had 300 people. They had ferries that would go from Detroit to Windsor. The city being close to the US border made it a stop for slaves along the Underground Railroad. People said there were 20,000 to 30,000 refugees in Canada. Most of them stop at Essex County.

Windsor was incorporated as a village in 1854. The village was then connected to the Canadian National Railway. In 1858, it turned into a town. In 1892 when Windsor tried to become a city, they let people decide the name. Some names are "South Detroit", "The Ferry", "Windsor", and "Richmond". "Windsor" was chosen to promote English people in the city. It was also for Windsor Castle in Berkshire, England. But, "Richmond" was used until World War II. 

The Windsor Police Service was created on July 1, 1867.

A fire burned a lot of downtown Windsor on October 12, 1871, destroying more than 100 buildings.

In 1935, the towns Sandwich, Ford City and Walkerville were merged into Windsor. 

On October 25, 1960, a explosion destroyed the Metropolitan Store on Ouellette Avenue. 10 people were killed and at least 100 injured. It was featured on History Television's "Disasters of the Century".

In 1966, the nearby villages of Ojibway and Riverside were also merged into Windsor.

Windsor has a humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification "Dfa"). Windsor has the hottest climate in Ontario due to hot summers. The yearly temperature is . The coldest month is January and the hottest month is July. The coldest temperature ever was on January 29, 1873, and the hottest was on June 25, 1988.

Windsor had historic flooding in 2016, 2017 and 2019. In 2016, the mayor of Windsor, Drew Dilkens, declared a state of emergency because of the really bad flooding that occurred. In spring of 2019 Windsor asked for money following a lot of flooding.

In 2013 when a fire broke out at a plastic recycling warehouse. This state of emergency was called due to bad air quality caused by the fire.

In 2017, Windsor faced a storm that left of rain in 32 hours.

Windsor had a lot of tornadoes. The worst tornado to touch down Windsor was an F4 in 1946. 

In the 2021 Census of Population by Statistics Canada, Windsor had living in of its total houses in the city.

At the census metropolitan area (CMA) level in the 2021 census, the Windsor CMA had a population of living in of its total houses, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.

Windsor has a lot of immigrants. In 2016, 17.7% of the people are foreign-born in the metropolitan area, 22.9% of the population was foreign-born. Visible minorities make up 25.7% of the people, making it the most diverse city in Ontario outside of the Greater Toronto Area.
Windsor has 12 twin towns:

QWERTY

QWERTY is a certain typewriter or computer keyboard layout that is commonly used in some English-speaking countries. The term comes from the fact the first 6 letters of the top row of keys are Q, W, E, R, T, and Y. The QWERTY design was patented by Christopher Sholes in 1874 and sold to E. Remington and Sons during the same year.

The QWERTY layout was invented by Christopher Sholes, the inventor of the first modern typewriter. At first the letters on the typewriter were placed alphabetically. However, when the user of the typewriter learned to type quickly, the bars attached to letters became caught in one another. The typist had to stop and unstick the typebars with his hands. A business associate of Sholes named James Densmore suggested splitting up the keys to speed up typing by preventing the typebars from striking the typewriter roller at the same time and sticking together. Some people say the QWERTY layout was created to slow down typing speed, while others say it worked by separating series of English letters.

The alternative Dvorak Simplified Keyboard was invented in the 1930s to be more efficient than QWERTY but it remained rare.

The QWERTY layout was made to type in English, therefore it has no accent marks as they are not used in native English words. People from other countries whose own languages used accent marks (such as French, which has letters like "é", "î", and "ç") had problems. Depending on the operating system and the application being used, one can type accents marks by holding down the Alt key while pressing several number keys in a row. As an example, holding the Alt key, pressing the number keys 1, 5, and 6, then releasing the Alt key will generate a character numbered 156 in some character set. The Control or Alt key can be also used together with a letter. In some word processors, like Microsoft Word, characters with accent marks could be found under a category named "Special Characters" or something similar. Windows also has a program called "Character Map" that can be used to find and copy characters that could be pasted into other applications later on.

Some languages use the similar AZERTY layout. Some QWERTY keyboards for different languages and countries may look different..

The keyboards made in Belgium and France switch the letters Q and W with the letters A and Z. They also move the letter M to the right of L. These types of keyboards are called AZERTY keyboards.

Some keyboards for the Czech language use QWERTZ keyboards. They switch the Z and Y like the German version, but use "ů" to the right of L and ú next to P. The row that normally has numbers has the accents ě, š, č, ř, ž, ý, á, í, é. The user of the keyboard uses the shift key to make numbers.

Danish and Norwegian layouts switched Æ, Ø, and Å where Swedish and Finnish use the letters Ä and Ö.

Faroese keyboards add Æ and Ø next to L, and Å and Ð next to P.

German keyboards add an Ü to the right of P—and Ö, Ä to the right of L—and switch the Z and Y keys both because Z is a much more common letter than Y in German.

Hungarian keyboard add an É and Á after L, Ö above O, Ü above P, Ő after P, Ú after Ő, Ó above Ú, Í under A, and switch Z and Y, like in German.

Icelandic layouts add Ð to the right of P, Æ to the right of L, Ö to the right of 0 in the top row and Þ to the rightmost place in the bottom row.

Italian typewriter keyboards use a QZERTY layout where Z is swapped with W and M is at the right of "L". Computers use a QWERTY keyboard with è to the right of P and ò to the right of L.

Lithuanian keyboards typically use the standard QWERTY and utilize the numbers row + shift to insert the language specific symbols.

goza na minha buceta ai ze da manga

Romanian keyboards have a QWERTZ layout, swapping Y with Z; ă and î are added to the right of the letter P, while ș and ț are added to the right of the letter L; â replaces the backslash character. Changes are also made to the upper number keys, the numbers remain the same, but some of the symbols are shuffled. The most notable change is that hyphen (-) is swapped with slash (/).

Spanish keyboards add ñ and Ñ characters to the right of the L instead of the semicolon and colon.

Turkish layouts add Ğ and Ü to the right of P, Ş and İ to the right of L, Ö and Ç to the right of M.


List

A list is a part of a text, which has many words separated by commas (,) or a group of words going down the page that may use bullet points, letters, or numbers. Semicolons (;) are also used sometimes to separate items in a list.

These are lists:

I have invited Peter, Mary, and Henry to my birthday.

People who I have invited to my birthday are:

People I invited to my birthday: Peter; Mary; Henry.


Antimatter

Antimatter is a term in particle physics. Antimatter is a material composed of antiparticles. These have the same mass as particles of ordinary matter but have opposite charge and properties, such as lepton and baryon number.

Encounters between a particle and an antiparticle led to both of them being destroyed. This gives rise to high-energy photons (gamma rays), neutrinos, and lower-mass particle–antiparticle pairs.

In physics, all the elementary particles, or the basic building blocks of the things we can touch, come in pairs. Each particle has what is called an antiparticle. This may look and act just like the regular particle, except for one major difference. An example is the electron and the positron.

Other antimatter particles are the same way, where they have the same weight, and look and act the same as regular particles, but their electrical charge is the opposite of regular particles. Antihydrogen, for example, has the positron, which is positively charged, orbiting around an antiproton, which is negatively charged, which is the opposite way regular hydrogen looks, which has the electron (negative charge), orbiting around a proton (positive charge).

Albert Einstein found a formula that can show how much energy a certain amount of something has, whether it is matter or antimatter. This formula is formula_1, and is one of the most well known equations. In simple terms, if you take the mass of something and then multiply it by the speed of light, and then multiply it by the speed of light again, you will get how much pure energy a given piece of something has. Since the speed of light is such a big number, this means that even a small amount of matter can have a lot of energy (it has been projected to be 4 times more effective per mass than nuclear fission).

In 1928, the physicist Paul Dirac was looking for an equation that would predict how very fast particles should behave. There was already another equation that could describe slow-moving particles, the Schrödinger equation, but Einstein's theory of special relativity said that fast particles could be very different from slow particles. Dirac knew that particles like electrons were usually moving very fast. He realized the old equation would not make good predictions for fast particles. So he came up with a new equation that could describe particles moving close to the speed of light.

For fast particles, it is no longer true that the energy is formula_1. Instead, Dirac's new equation worked for particles where the energy was given by formula_3. In the new equation for energy, the symbol formula_4is called the momentum, and it measures how fast the particle is going and how hard it is to stop. This equation says that very fast particles have more energy, so they are different from slow particles. You can take the square root of each side of this equation, since both sides are equal. However, any real square root has two answers, formula_5and formula_6. You can think of the answer with negative energy as being antimatter.

The reason this is important to understand antimatter is because scientists found that when matter and antimatter touch each other, the amount of energy that is released comes very close to the amount of energy formula_1 says should be all together in those two pieces. The reason is that each particle of matter, when it touches its antiparticle in the antimatter world, both change over into pure energy, or annihilate each other. This release of such a high amount of energy is why a lot of science fiction writers use antimatter for fuel in their stories. For example, author Dan Brown uses antimatter in "Angels and Demons" as a very powerful weapon. It is also being looked at as a fuel source for real-life missions to outer space in the future.

Many scientists think that in the first few moments after the Big Bang, which created the universe a very long time ago, both matter and antimatter mixed together. If the Big Bang made equal amounts of matter and antimatter, then the two would annihilate and become energy. After a long time, there would be no matter and no antimatter left, just energy. But our universe today looks like it is almost all matter and hardly any antimatter. Physicists do not yet know for sure that equal amounts of matter and antimatter were created, and because of this, they are also wondering where the antimatter went, and if any was left over from the beginning of the universe.

One explanation is that there was just a little bit more matter than antimatter in the beginning, so that whatever was left over after most of the matter and antimatter annihilated into energy became the mostly-matter universe we see today. Another theory is that there is lots of antimatter on the other side of the universe, hidden far beyond our vision. They could have formed their own galaxies and solar systems too.

Because antimatter can make so much energy, it can be used for a lot of things, such as fuel for going into outer space, or in our cars. The problem is that antimatter is very expensive to make, and is almost as expensive to store, since it cannot touch regular matter. It takes several hundred million dollars to make less than one-millionth of a gram of antimatter. In fact, it is the most expensive and the rarest substance on Earth. Since it is so expensive, this means that antimatter is not practical to use as a weapon or as an energy source, because so little of it is obtainable.

Recently, however, scientists have trapped antimatter for over 16 minutes (1000 seconds total).

It does have a use in medicine, because a special kind of scanner called the PET, which stands for positron emission tomography, uses positrons to go into the human body. Doctors can look at the way the positron changes into energy inside a person's body, and be able to tell if something is wrong inside a person. This kind of machine works differently than an X-ray machine or a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machine, and can help doctors see things that those other machines cannot see.

Minsk

Minsk or Miensk (Мінск (official spelling in Belarus), Менск; Минск ; Mińsk) is the capital and a major city of Belarus. About 2 million people lived in the city as of 2021. Minsk is also a headquarters of the Commonwealth of Independent States. As a capital, Minsk has a special administrative status in Belarus and is also the capital of Minsk voblast (province) and Minsk raion. Minsk is built next to the Svislach and Niamiha rivers. The timezone in Minsk is GMT +2.

In 2019, Minsk hosted the European Games.

The oldest mentions of Minsk date back to the 11th century (1067). In 1326 Minsk became a part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and received its town privileges in 1499. From 1569 it was a capital of the Minsk Voivodship in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. It was annexed by Russia in 1793 as a result of the Second Partition of Poland. During 1919–1991 Minsk was the capital of the Byelorussian SSR. 

During the Second World War the city was damaged. Most of the buildings and structures in the city turned into ruins. But it was rebuilt. In 1991, the Soviet Union collapsed. The city became the capital of the Republic of Belarus.

Minsk has a continental climate. The average annual precipitation is about 700 mm. Summer is warm, but not hot. The average daily temperature in July is +19.1 °C (+66,3 °F). Winter is mild, the average daily temperature in January is −4.2 °C (+24,4 °F). Fog is common in the autumn and spring.


Chancellor of Germany

The chancellor of Germany (German: "Bundeskanzler", literally: "federal chancellor") is the head of government of the Federal Republic of Germany. The Chancellor of Germany is elected by the majority of the members of the Bundestag, the German parliament. The chancellor is the German people's version of a Prime Minister or Premier.

The current chancellor is Olaf Scholz (SPD) since 8 December 2021.



Mysore

Mysore is a city in Karnataka, India. Mysore is south-west of Bangalore. Travel time from Bangalore to Mysore is 2-3 hours by road or rail. Mysore is the second largest city in Karnataka.

Mysore Palace, Jaganmohan Palace, Chamundi Hills, Brindavan Gardens, and Mysore Zoo are the places to see in Mysore. Some people go to Mysore to see the Dasara procession. 

People also go to Mysore to learn yoga.

Kannada

Kannada () is a language, and it is a script used for writing the language. Most people in the southern Indian state of Karnataka speak Kannada, and there are speakers in Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Kerala and Goa. There are some differences in the way Kannada is spoken in these places.There are about 44 million people who speak the language.It had been since 2nd Century.

Kannada is a Dravidian language, which is a different language family from the Indo-European or Aryan languages of the north, such as Hindi but close to the other southern languages like Telugu. It has about 3000 years of written history. The first version is known as the Old Kannada script. By about 3000 it had morphed into the Kannada and Telugu scripts. Printing presses introduced by Christian missionaries at the beginning of the 19th century standardized the Kannada and Telugu scripts.

The Kannada script is a type of writing system called an alphasyllabary. All consonants have a built-in vowel. Other vowels are indicated with diacritics, which appear next to the consonants. When they appear at the beginning of a syllable, vowels are written as separate letters. When consonants appear together without intervening vowels, the second consonant is written as a special joint symbol, usually below the first. The direction of writing: left to right in horizontal lines.
It has highest number of Janapeeta literary awards compared to any Indian language. Kannada had a huge boost during the Vijayanagar period. Shri Vinoba Bhave called "Kannada" script the "Queen of Kannada Scripts" not for all Language. "Vishwa Lipigala Raani".

1467

1467 was a common year.


Arab League

The Arab League is an organization made up of countries in the Arab world in Northern Africa and Southwest Asia. Most, though not all of these countries use Arabic as their official language. The purpose is to find ways for the countries to have unity and to work together to solve their problems.

The Arab League, a regional organisation, finds its roots in two distinctive influences: Arab nationalism (or Arab nationalist movement), and British government support.

The Arab Nationalism represent both a movement that seek the unity of Arab territories in the Arab wolrd and express a rejection of the Ottoman Empire domination. This domination limited the sovereignty of these countries in the region. However, in the beginning of the twentieth century, the control of the Ottoman Empire was facing the rising power control of colonial powers. Both France and Great Britain, by the Skyes-Picot agreement, enforced their domination over each of their mandates (Syra and Lebanon for France, Iraq and Palestine for Great Britain). This partition prevented the evolution of Arab nationalist movement by dismantling the region and creating tensions between the countries.

In the second half of the 1930s, two groups emerged around the question of Arab unification. The 'maximalists' (Syria, Iraq, Transjordan) saw a link between unity and "nation" as way to erase the legacies of colonialism. In opposition, the 'minimalists' (Saudi Arabia, Yemen, and Lebanon) expressed a strong rejection for unification but rather a regional association that will push toward political, cultural, and economic cooperation without impact on their state sovereignty. In reaction, pan-Arab conferences emerged regarding regional issues such as the Palestine situation.

Before Wolrd War II, Great Britain supported regional actions initiated by Syrian, Lebanese and Iraqi leaders. This support appeared to undermine French influence on its own mandate.

In 1943, Nuri al-Said, former Prime Minister of Iraq under the British mandate, called for an union between Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and Palestine. This union called Arab League would be, for Nuri al-Said, a permanent council with members in charge of defense, communication, education, and the protection of minorities in the region. The Arab League appears then as a general agreement motivated by Arab nationalist movement. A need for collective action to solve problems in the region emerged even more.

In Egypt, from July 1943 to February 1944, discussions on a programme for an 'Arab Union' between the prime minister Mostafa el-Nahhas and representatives of Arab countries take place. In July 1944, the Egyptian Prime Minister calls the Arab countries' delegates to join a conference regarding the consolidation of this project. This conference takes place in Alexandria on September 25,1944 with the Preparatory Comittee and discusses the organisation and the question of state sovereignty in the union. However, this discussion is unstable due to the different positions of the countries: Syria is in favor, Lebanon and Yemen calls for a different form of cooperation. Regarding this, Egypt shows a model that conciliate both side by confirming the maintain of state sovereignty. This model is supported by Saudi Arabia and nuanced by Iraq that express the need of a voluntary arbitration between the members. This conference end in October 7, 1944 by the denomination Alexandria Protocol. This protocol declared the agreement for the establishment of the Arab League, in the spirit of Arab nationalism. From February 14 to March 3,1945, a commitee prepared the draft for the Pact of Arab League. In a second session, the commitee revised and approved the draft. By March 22, 1945, the commitee in the General Arab Conference signed the pact, which confirmed the creation of the Arab League.

The organization uses the Arabic Language in its summits and all official papers, although it has never been stated by the League that Arabic is the Official Language. The Arab League was founded following the Protocol of Alexandria signed in 1945 by seven Arab States: Egypt, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Trans-Jordan (Jordan). Today the League has 22 members. All countries having Arabic as an official language are among the members of the League, except for Israel, Eritrea and Chad which are not members.

An international treaty called "the Pact of the League of Arab Sates" organise the Arab League. This treaty is commonly called "the Pact". It has been signed by the first seven members in 1945.

The countries in the Arab League are:
The Arab League main organ is the Council (article 3 of the Pact). Each state member of the organisation has a representative in the Council with one vote (article 3 of the Pact). When the Council vote on a subject, the members of the League do not have to apply the decision if they voted against it (article 7 of the Pact). The members of the Council meet ordinary twice a year in March and in September (article 11 of the Pact). The president of the Council is one of the state. It changes every ordinary meeting.

The Council chooses a Secretary-General with a two-third vote. The Secretary-General is responsible for the administrative organisation of the meetings. Also, when the Council votes a resolution, the Secretary-General makes sure the decisions are followed by member states.

Ministers of Defense and Ministers of Foreign Affairs from the member states compose the Joint Defense Council.

The members of the Arab League agree not to resolve their conflicts with force (article 3 of the Pact). If there is a conflict between two members of the Arab League, they can call for a resolution of the Council. In that case, the resolution is binding to both countries.

The Arab League is politically involved in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Even before the creation of the League, Arab countries, particularly Saudi Arabia and Iraq had discussions on lobbying in Washington, D.C. and in London to fight zionism. Saudi Arabia even declared: the "danger of Zionism is one that threatens the interests of all Arabs and Moslems."

During the Alexandria conference in 1944, the founders of the Arab League chose Musa Alami to represent the Palestinian Arabs in the conference. In the Pact, the member states declare they support to the "Arabs of Palestine" against Israel.

During a summit in Lebanon in October 1947, the League decided that Arab nations would protect Palestinian territory with their regular armies. However, the member states were not able to agree on how they would implement this decision.

In the 1964 summit in Cairo, the League promoted the creation of a Palestinian entity. It led to the creation of the Palestinian Liberation Organization.

After the 1967 summit in Khartoum, the League issued a declaration called the "Khartoum Resolution". It is famous for the "three noes" policy described in article 3 of the declaration."(...) the framework of the main principles by which the Arab States abide, namely, no peace with Israel, no recognition of Israel, no negotiations with it, (...)"

1478

1478 was a common year.


1613

Year 1613 (MDCXIII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Friday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar.


1608

1608 was a leap year.


1870s

The 1870s was the decade that began on January 1, 1870 and ended on December 31, 1879.



Jon Voight

Jon Voight (born December 29, 1938) is an American actor. Voight came to publicity in the late 1960s with his Academy Award–nominated performance as Joe Buck, a would-be gigolo, in Midnight Cowboy (1969). He has received an Academy Award for Best Actor, having received it for his role in the 1978 film Coming Home, in which he played a paraplegic Vietnam War veteran. In the 1970s, he became renowned as a Hollywood star. 

Voight is a Republican who supports anti-communism. 

His mother was of German ancestry; his father was of Slovak ancestry. Voight is the middle of three brothers: volcanologist Barry Voight was born in 1937; musician Chip Taylor was born in 1940.

Voight's son James Haven and daughter Angelina Jolie are actors.

Eugene McCarthy

Eugene Joseph "Gene" McCarthy (March 29, 1916 – December 10, 2005) was a United States senator from Minnesota. He ran for President of the United States five times. He died from Parkinson's disease.


Arnold Schwarzenegger

Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger (born July 30, 1947) is an Austrian-American former professional bodybuilder, actor, film producer, screenwriter, and director. He was the governor of the American state of California from 2003 to 2011. He currently lives in Los Angeles, California.

After serving in the army, Schwarzenegger moved to Munich, where he often slept in a gym because he did not have anywhere else to live.

Schwarzenegger then moved to the United States in 1968 and eventually became an actor. He has been in several big budget Hollywood movies including "The Terminator" series. He eventually stopped acting in order to run for governor of California in 2003. In 2003, Governor Gray Davis was removed as governor and Schwarzenegger was elected. His term ended in early January 2011, and he was replaced by Jerry Brown.

Before becoming an actor, Schwarzenegger was also a bodybuilder and had won both the Mr. Olympia and Mr. Universe titles over 7 consecutive times. Schwarzenegger has also set up his own official competition, Arnold Classic.

In 1971, Schwarzenegger's younger maternal half-brother Meinhard died in a car accident due to driving while drunk.

In 1986, Schwarzenegger married Maria Shriver, but they separated and divorced in 2021. They have 2 daughters, Katherine and Christina, and also 2 sons, Patrick and Christopher. Schwarzenegger also has a son with another woman. Some people think that Arnold had cheated on his wife but, such statements have not been proven.

In 2013, Schwarzenegger returned to acting with a role in the movie "Escape Plan".



Holy Spirit

In Judaism, the Holy Spirit or Holy Ghost is God's divine force over the Universe or the creatures within it. In Nicene Christianity, God the Holy Spirit is the third person of the Trinity. In Islam, the Holy Spirit acts as an agent of divine communication. In Islam, the Holy Spirit is seen as the "go-between" God and man and "the outpouring grace of God and the effulgent rays that emanate from His Manifestation".


Internet Protocol

The Internet Protocol (IP) is the most important communications protocol in the Internet protocol suite for relaying data across network boundaries. It establishes the Internet. In the past, IP did not provide the connectivity; It only specified how packets should be created. The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) allowed this functionality. Since one could not perform its task without the other, they were called TCP/IP to show how they depend on each other.

Think of IP as something like the postal system. It allows you to address a package and drop it into the system, but there is no actual direct "link" between you and the recipient. Instead, there is a "web" of links interconnecting with each other. This is where IP and TCP come in. IP tells packets what their destination is and how to get there; TCP ensures a reliable connection, checking packets for errors, requesting a "re-transmission" if it detects one.

The Internet Protocol gets information from a source computer to a destination computer. It sends this information in the form of packets.

There are two versions of the Internet Protocol currently in use: "IPv4" and "IPv6," with "IPv4" being the version most used. IP also gives computers an IP address to identify each other, much like a typical physical address.

IP is the primary protocol in the Internet Layer of the Internet Protocol Suite, which is a set of communications protocols consisting of seven abstraction layers (see OSI model),

The main purpose and task of IP is the delivery of datagrams from the source host (source computer) to the destination host (receiving computer) based on their addresses. To do this, IP includes methods and structures for putting tags (address information, which is part of metadata) within datagrams. The process of putting these tags on datagrams is called encapsulation. Think of the analogy of the postal system. IP is similar in that it allows a package (a datagram) to be addressed (encapsulation) and put into the system (the Internet) by the sender (source host). However, there is no direct link between sender and receiver. 

The package (datagram) is almost always divided into pieces, but each piece contains the address of the receiver (destination host). Eventually, each piece arrives at the receiver, often by different routes and at different times. These routes and times are also determined by the Postal System, which is the IP. However, the Postal System (in the transport and application layers) puts all the pieces back together before delivery to the receiver (destination host).

IP is a connectionless protocol, meaning that the circuit to the receiver (destination host) does not need be set up before transmission (by the source host). Continuing the analogy, there does not need to be a direct connection between the physical return address on the letter/package and the recipient address before the letter/package is sent.

Originally, IP was a connectionless datagram service in a transmission control program created by Vint Cerf and Bob Kahn in 1974. When format and rules were applied to allow connections, the connection-oriented Transmission Control Protocol was created. The two together form the Internet Protocol Suite, often referred to as TCP/IP.

Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) was the first major version of IP. This is the dominant protocol of the Internet. However, IPv6 is active and in use, and its deployment is increasing all over the world.

Addressing and routing are the most complex aspects of IP. Intelligence in the network is located at nodes (network interconnection points) in the form of routers which forward datagrams to the next known gateway on the route to the final destination. The routers use interior gateway protocols (IGPs) or external gateway protocols (EGPs) to help with making forwarding route decisions. Routes are determined by the routing prefix within the datagrams. The routing process can therefore become complex. But at the speed of light (or nearly so) the routing intelligence determines the best route, and the datagram pieces and datagram all eventually arrive at their destination

IP packets or datagram has two parts. The first part is the header, which is like a label on an envelope. The second part is the payload, which is like the letter inside an envelope. The header contains the source and destination IP addresses, and some extra information. This information is called metadata, and is about the packet itself. Putting data in a packet with a header is encapsulation.

Every computer on a network does some kind of routing. Dedicated computers talk with each other to figure out where to send packets. These computers are called routers, and talk using routing protocols.

Along every hop in a packet's journey, a computer reads the header. The computer sees the destination IP address and figures out where to send the packet.

ARPANET, the early ancestor of the internet, was designed to survive a nuclear war. If one computer was destroyed, communication between all the other computers would still work. Computer networks still follow this same design.

Computers talking to each other handle the "smart" functions to simplify computer networks. The end nodes will check for errors instead of a central authority. Keeping the "smart" things on the end computers or nodes follows the end-to-end principle.

The Internet Protocol sends packets out without ensuring they arrive safely. This is "best-effort delivery", and is unreliable. Packets could get messed up, lost, duplicated, or received out of order. Higher level protocols like the Transmission Control Protocol ("TCP") ensure packets are delivered correctly. IP is also "connectionless", so it does not keep track of communications. It assumes that another protocol such as TCP will keep track of connections.

Internet Protocol Version 4 (IPv4) uses a checksum to check for errors in an IP header. Every checksum is unique to a source/destination combination. A routing node generates a new checksum when it gets a packet. If the new checksum is different from the old one, the routing node knows the packet is bad and throws it out. IPv6 assumes another protocol will check for errors and leaves out the checksum. This is to improve performance.

In 1974, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers published a paper called "A Protocol for Packet Network Intercommunication". The paper described a way for computers to talk to each other using Packet Switching. A big part of this idea was the "Transmission Control Program". The Transmission Control Program was too big, so it split into TCP and IP. This model is now called the "DoD" "Internet Model" and "Internet Protocol Suite", or the TCP/IP Model.

Versions 0 to 3 of IP were experimental, and used between 1977 and 1979. Versions 2 and 3, and a draft of version 4, allowed an address length of up to 128 bits, but this was mistakenly reduced to 32 bits in the final version of IPv4. Versions 7-9 were prototypes of what eventually became IPv6.

IPv4 addresses will run out, because the number of possible addresses is running out. To fix this, the IEEE made IPv6 which had even more addresses. While IPv4 has 4.3 Billion addresses, IPv6 has 340 undecillion of them. This means we will never run out of IPv6 addresses. IPv5 was reserved for the Internet Stream Protocol, which was only used experimentally.

1850s

The 1850s was the decade that began on January 1, 1850 and ended on December 31, 1859.



1479

1479 was a common year.


Akihito

Akihito became emperor after the death of his father in 1989, who was Emperor Shōwa. The current emperor's official reign name is "Heisei" (establishing peace).

The Japanese government announced in December 2017 that Akihito would abdicate on 30 April 2019. He then did so in a brief ceremony on that date.

The emperor has many duties and responsibilities. For example, he regularly

As a personal interest, Akihito studies fish.

Akihito directly addressed his subjects in a television broadcast after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. This was the first time any emperor used television in this way.

In July 2022, Akihito was diagnosed with heart failure.





Aero Space Museum

The Aero Space Museum is an airplane museum in Calgary in Canada. The museum, founded in 1975, is near the Calgary Airport.

Some things at the museum are war-time airplanes: a Sopwith Triplane from World War I and an Avro Lancaster from World War II.
There are also peace-time airplanes made by Cessna and de Havilland, and a helicopter made by Sikorsky. The museum also has a large library of flying information available for people to read and look at.


Canadian Museum of Flight

The Canadian Museum of Flight is an aircraft museum at the Langley Airport in Langley, British Columbia, Canada. The museum has about 20 peace-time and war-time motor airplanes, gliders, and helicopters to see, six of which can still fly.

List of aircraft displayed :


Olympic Flight Museum

The Olympic Flight Museum is an aircraft museum at the Olympia Airport in Olympia, Washington, USA. The museum has more than 20 airplanes and helicopters to see, most of which can still fly.


San Diego Aerospace Museum

San Diego Aerospace Museum is an aircraft and space exploration museum in San Diego, California, USA. It contains many original and copies of old aircraft and spacecraft, including:



Pearson Air Museum

The Pearson Air Museum is an airplane museum at Pearson Field Airport in Vancouver, Washington, USA. The museum and Pearson Field, and the Fort Vancouver National Historic Site, are all part of the Vancouver National Historic Reserve.

The Pearson Air Museum shows different kinds of unusual, special, and historic airplanes. For example, an experimental and one-of-a-kind aircraft known as the "flying pickle" originally based at Watts Airport (or Bernard's Airport), is shown at the Pearson. Alley reports on this special airplane based at Watts Airport in 1929, that was an experimental one-of-a-kind model. In this aircraft the pilot sits in an open air compartment, behind a roomy enclosed passenger cabin.


Newfoundland and Labrador

Newfoundland and Labrador () is a province on the East Coast of Canada, and is the farthest east of all Canadian provinces and territories. The capital of Newfoundland and Labrador is St. John's. In 2016, 519,716 people lived in Newfoundland and Labrador.

Newfoundland is an island, while Labrador is within the mainland of Canada and on a border with Quebec.

The province of Newfoundland and Labrador was originally called Newfoundland and joined Canada in 1949, becoming the newest province of Canada, after being a colony of the United Kingdom. Until an agreement was reached in 1927, Quebec also claimed Labrador. 

In 2001, the name of Newfoundland changed to its new official name, Newfoundland and Labrador, while the postal code abbreviation changed from NF to NL. The island of Newfoundland, and part of Labrador, are in a time zone that is a half hour off from any other part of North America.

Greenfinch

The greenfinch ("Chloris chloris"), also known as the European greenfinch, is a small passerine bird in the finch family Fringillidae.

This bird is widespread throughout Europe, north Africa and southwest Asia. It is mainly resident, but some northernmost populations migrate further south. The Greenfinch has also been introduced into both Australia and New Zealand.

Woodland edges, farmland hedges and gardens with relatively thick vegetation are favoured for breeding. It nests in trees or bushes, laying 38 eggs. This species can form large flocks outside the breeding season, sometimes mixing with other finches and buntings. They feed largely on seeds, but also take berries.

St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador

St. John's is the capital of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It is also the largest city in the province, with 108,860 people living there and 205,955 people in the St. John's Metropolitan Area.

Memorial University of Newfoundland (MUN) has two campuses in St. John's and College of the North Atlantic (CNA) also has two (and a third in Seal Cove, within the St. John's Metropolitan Area). MUN and CNA are the only two public higher education institutions in Newfoundland. Given this, there are many students living in St. John's to pursue studies.

Close to St. John's is Cape Spear, the easternmost point in North America.

St. John's is home to the Newfoundland Growlers who play in the ECHL.


Nest

A nest is a place where animals build to hold their eggs or provide a place to raise their babies. They are most typical of birds, but many other vertebrates do make nests.

Nests can be made of organic materials such as twigs, grass, and leaves. They may be a simple depression in the ground, or a hole in a rock, tree, or building. Nests can be found in all types of habitat.


Egg (biology)

An egg results from fertilization of an ovum. The egg is a container for the zygote. It protects the zygote, and feeds the embryo. 

The animal embryo develops until it can survive on its own, at which point the egg hatches. Most vertebrates, arthropods and molluscs lay eggs outside the mother's body. They are always in some kind of container, a shell or covering. 

Reptiles, birds and monotremes lay cleidoic eggs: bird eggs are an example. These are a special kind of egg with a good supply of food and water. They have an outside covering which lets through gases so that carbon dioxide can get out, and oxygen can get in.

Fish, amphibia, insects and arachnids lay simpler eggs in greater numbers, but with much less protection and nourishment.

Some animals, mostly mammals, keep the zygote inside their body where the embryo grows until it is ready to be born. These are also cleidoic eggs, but all the development is done inside the mother's body, as with humans. 

Most mammals, and a number of marine reptiles, give live birth. Also, there are some invertebrates, such as scorpions, where the eggs develops inside the mother. They also give birth to live young.

The ostrich has the largest eggs of all living animals. Eggs, mostly bird eggs, are often eaten as food. The shell of an egg is a hard calcareous (CaCO) material. The shell of an ostrich egg can support the weight of a fully grown human.


Javan tiger

The Javan tiger ("Panthera tigris sondaica") is 1 of 3 extinct subspecies of tigers. It lived on the island of Java in Indonesia. It became extinct in the 1970s-1990s. The last known sighting of one was in 1972. 

It was small when compared with the subspecies from the Asian mainland. However, it was larger than the Bali tiger and around the size of the Sumatran tiger. It had numerous long, thin stripes.


1529

1529 was a common year.


Abacus

An abacus is an old tool used for arithmetic. It is still used in some parts of the world, and it is well suited for use in shops and street markets. Sometimes blind people use an abacus, because they can feel the numbers easily. The most common abacuses work by moving beads on rods.

Abacuses can do addition, subtraction, multiplication, division. They can be used to find the square root of whole numbers. Expert abacus users can sometimes do math faster than basic calculators.

There is a common Chinese abacus. This abacus is split into two kinds of basic rows, the top is for the "5"s, and the bottom is for the "ones". There are one or two beads in the top rows, and four or five beads in the bottom ones. For example, 8 is one bead on top and 3 below, because 5 + 3 = 8. Every column represents a different digit.

The use of the word "abacus" dates from before 1387 AD, when the word was got from Latin to describe a sandboard abacus. The Latin word came from ancient Greek ("abax") which means something without base, or (improperly) any piece of rectangular board or plank.

Both "abacuses' and "abaci" are used as plurals. The user of an abacus is called an "abacist" (soft or hard 'c')."

There is a Japanese version of the abacus called the 'soroban'. It works in essentially the same way.




1606

1606 was a common year.


1547

1547 was a common year starting on a Saturday in the Julian calendar. It was the 547th year of the 2nd millennium, the 47th year of the 16th century and the 8th year of the 1540s decade. 

1547 was a year that marked the deaths of two powerful European Kings - Henry VIII of England and Francis I of France. In England, Henry's nine-year-old son took over as Edward VI of England, while in France, Henry II became the next King. Also, during this year, Ivan IV of Russia was crowned Tsar. He later became better known as Ivan the Terrible.






Accordion

An accordion is a musical instrument that has keys similar to a piano, but is small enough for a person to hold. It makes sounds using air pushed and pulled through reeds using a bellows. The accordion can also have buttons instead of keys. The 6-plus-6-system with three rows has the same fingering in all twelve scales.

The accordion was first patented in 1829 in Austria by Cyrill Demain.

It was invented in Germany by Friedrich Buschmann in 1822. Since then, the instrument has made a significant impact on the world of modern and classical music. The accordion is similar to a portable piano. It is a wind instrument, comprising two reed organs that are connected by folding bellows.


1781

The year 1781 is .


1841

eventually calls "hypnosis".





Georg Agricola

Georg or Georgius Agricola (1494-1555) was a German scholar and scientist. He was one of the first people to study mining and minerals (stones and gems), that is the father of mineralogy.

1440

Year 1440 (MCDXL) was a leap year which started on a Sunday in the Julian calendar. It was the first year of the 1440s decade.




1428

1126

was a leap year.


Amiga CD32

The Amiga CD32 was a game console made by Commodore International release in 1993. It was based around the Amiga A1200 Computer. 

Using third party devices, it is possible to upgrade the CD32 with keyboard, floppy drive, hard drive, RAM and mouse, turning it into the equivalent of an Amiga 1200 personal computer.

In the Christmas period of 1993, the CD32 accounted for 38% of all CD-ROM drive sales in the UK, exceeding sales of the Mega-CD; however, it was soon overshadowed by CD-ROM based games consoles from other companies, and was discontinued as Commodore went into bankruptcy in 1994.

175 known game discs were released for the Amiga CD32 

GX4000

The GX4000 was a console made by Amstrad in 1990. At first, it was successful. But it did not continue its early success. The GX4000 games could be used with other Amstrad computers. Only 40 games were made for it. Soon it disappeared into the mist of history. These days it is very rare to see one that is still in working condition.

ApeXtreme

ApeXtreme is a console created by Apex Digital Inc. It was released January 9, 2004.

It can do many things, like play computer games, DVDs, CDs, VCDs and use the Internet.

What it can do:

1617

1617 (MDCXVII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Wednesday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar.




1561

1561 was a common year.


New Year's Day

New Year's Day is a holiday in many countries. It was made to welcome the new year. In most countries, New Year's Day is celebrated on 1 January. This holiday is celebrated the most, with over 200 countries and territories in the world that observe it.

The new year is an event that happens when a culture celebrates the end of one year and the beginning of the next. Cultures that measure yearly calendars all have new year celebrations.

In Christmas Style dating, the new year started on 25 December. This was used in Germany and England until the thirteenth century, and in Spain from the fourteenth to the sixteenth century.

In Annunciation Style dating the new year started on 25 March, the feast of the Annunciation. This was used in many parts of Europe in the Middle Ages. The style was started by Dionysius Exiguus in AD 525. Annunciation Style was used in England until 1 January 1752, and in Scotland until 1 January 1600, when the kingdom of Scotland changed to Circumcision Style. England, the kingdom of Ireland, and the Thirteen Colonies changed to Circumcision Style on 1 January, after the United Kingdom of Great Britain changed from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar on 3/14 September 1752. This happened because the Parliament of Great Britain made an act of parliament, the Calendar (New Style) Act 1750.

Some Nigerian religious figures have a tradition of reading out prophecies, especially during the last few days of a year or on New Year's Day. According to them, these prophecies come as they relate with God in the place of prayer and fasting.


Coagulation

A coagulation, also known as clot is a semi-solid substance that blood forms, especially when it is in air. When a person bleeds, the blood turns into a clot at the injury.

A blood clot is also called a "thrombus". The process is called "coagulation".

If a person gets a cut on their body, that person may bleed. To stop the bleeding, the human body does several things. First, the brain orders the liver to produce chemicals that will help the clot to form. When the chemicals released by the liver arrive at the injury, the coagulation begins. In the mean time, the brain also lessens the blood flow near the injury (by tightening the veins and arteries in that area), so that not as much blood is lost. 

There is a limit to how quickly a clot can form. If the cut is very deep and the person bleeds too much, a clot may not be able to form and a lot of blood may be lost.

Coagulation begins almost instantly after an injury to the blood vessel has damaged the endothelium lining the vessel. When blood is exposed to proteins such as tissue factor it starts changes to blood platelets and the plasma protein fibrinogen, which is a clotting factor. Platelets immediately form a plug at the site of injury. Proteins in the blood plasma, called "coagulation factors" or "clotting factors", respond in a complex cascade to form fibrin strands. These strengthen the platelet plug.

Coagulation is highly conserved throughout biology; that means its genetics is almost the same in all mammal species. In all mammals, coagulation involves both a cellular (platelet) and a protein (coagulation factor) component. The system in humans has been the most extensively researched and is the best understood.

Fibrin is a white insoluble fibrous protein formed by the action of thrombin on fibrinogen when blood clots. it forms a network that traps red cells and platelets.

Vitamin K is an essential factor in blood clotting. Then, vitamin K is oxidized. Another enzyme, Vitamin K epoxide reductase, (VKORC) reduces vitamin K back to its active form. This reactivation is important as a target of anticoagulant drug warfarin. Vitamin K can be found in green vegetables, such as spinach, lettuce, broccoli or cabbage.

Asthma

Asthma (or Asthma bronchiale) is a disease that hurts the airways inside the lungs. It causes the tissue inside the airways to swell. Asthma also causes the bands of muscle around the airways to become narrow. This makes it hard for enough air to pass through and for the person to breathe normally. Asthma also causes mucus-making cells inside the airways to make more mucus than normal. This blocks the airways, which are already very narrow during an asthma attack, and makes it even more difficult to breathe.

A person having an asthma attack often makes wheezing sounds when trying to breathe. This is the sound of air trying to pass through the very narrow airway. They also have shortness of breath, which means they cannot take a full, deep breath. Chest tightness may happen which feels like their chest is being squeezed. They may also cough a lot.

Asthma attacks can be a medical emergency because they can be "fatal" (cause a person to die). There is no cure for asthma. There are treatments, such as different kinds of medicines to help people with asthma. There are also things that people with asthma can do to help themselves to keep their asthma from getting worse.

There are a lot of risk factors for getting asthma. The exact reasons for each is not yet clearly understood. Some of the factors are believed to come from genetics. A person inherits genetic mutations from one or both of their parents that may increase the chances of developing asthma. "Epigenetics", which are changes in the way a gene acts, may also increase their chances of getting asthma. These epigenetic changes may also be inherited. They may happen when a baby is still growing inside its mother, or during childhood.

"Socioeconomic status" (SES) is also believed to play a part in developing asthma. A person's socioeconomic status is based on such things as how much money their family makes, where they live, and their education level. Race and ethnicity also may play a part. It also is related to access to medical care, personal beliefs, and dietary habits. People of lower socioeconomic status suffer higher rates of asthma, have worse outcomes, and also have higher asthma-related death rates than people of higher economic status.

The exact cause of asthma is not yet known. It is believed that it may be because of a of many different reasons:

"Genetics": When changes happen in a person's genes (called "mutations") these changes are passed on to their children. One or both parents may have these changes or "mutations" in their genes, and some or all of their children may be born with them, which means they "inherited" them. These mutations, once they happen, run in families from one generation to the next and are permanent mutations, they change the gene in the "DNA". These changes can make a person more likely to get certain diseases like asthma. In some diseases it may be only one change in one gene that may make a person get that disease, in asthma it may be changes in many different genes that may make a person more likely to get asthma.

"Epigenetics changes" or "modifications" cause different kind of changes that affect how a person's genes work or 'express themselves' in three different ways (called "epigenetic mechanisms"), but do not change the gene in the DNA. These epigenetic changes may be inherited, or they may happen "in utero" which is when a baby is still inside its mother. They may also happen in childhood, because of different reasons, like a respiratory infection, being exposed to chemicals or drugs, diet etc. These changes can be passed from one generation to the next but are not permanent and might only be passed down one or two generations. Even though epigenetic changes affect how a person's genes work they do not permanently change a person's genes. It is believed epigenetic changes may also make a person more likely to get certain diseases like asthma.

"Environmental factors" are things that affect a person; which can be either healthy or unhealthy. Unhealthy environmental factors are things like living in an area where there is a lot of air pollution, or living somewhere where there are lots of bugs in the house, or being around cigarette smoke.

If a person who has genetic or epigenetic changes in their genes that makes them have a bigger chance of getting asthma ("genetic predisposition"), also has unhealthy environmental factors in their life, like living in a home that has a lot of "dust mites", then it is more likely that they will get asthma.

Atopy
"Atopy" is when there are changes in some of the genes a person is born with ("genetic inheritance"). These genetic changes make their body produce more Immunoglobulin E (IgE), a type of "antibody". They are also more sensitive to things things like chemicals, smoke and dust ("environmental antigens"). This "hypersensitivity" means they are more sensitive or "allergic" to things in the environment than people who do not have these changes in their genes and are not hypersensitive or "allergic".

This "hypersensitivity" causes their body to react in certain ways. Usually a person who is atopic develops "allergic rhinitis" which affects the "nasal passages" which are behind the nose and they are also more likely to get "atopic dermatitis" which causes skin rashes and "atopic asthma". Up to 40% of people with allergic rhinitis also have asthma. These three medical problems, "allergic rhinitis", "atopic dermatitis" and "atopic asthma" are called the "Atopic Triad" (a "triad" is when there is three of something). People who are atopic may also have other medical problems including food and drug allergies, stinging-insect hypersensitivity, hives ("urticaria"), Quincke's edema ("angioedema"), and contact dermatitis.

If a person has one parent who is atopic they have a chance of being atopic too. If they have two parents who are atopic they have an even bigger chance of being atopic.

There have been studies that show a link between acetaminophen (Tylenol) and asthma. For instance a 2008 analysis of information collected from a very large study called the International Study of Asthma and Allergies in Childhood, or the "Isaac study" for short, showed that children who had taken acetaminophen for a fever during the first year of their life had a 50% higher risk of getting asthma later on. The more acetaminophen children took the higher their risk of getting asthma. Children who took it once a month had threefold increase in their risk of getting asthma. An increase in asthma rates in multiple countries corresponded with increased sales of drugs which contained acetaminophen. Previously the American College of Physicians reported a link between non-atopic asthma and acetaminophen use based on results of The Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Not all doctors are convinced of the link between acetaminophen and asthma.

"Children with asthma or at risk for asthma should avoid the use of acetaminophen." (McBride JT, 2011).

Atopic asthma

"Atopic" asthma is the most common form of asthma.

Cough-variant asthma

Cough-variant asthma is a type of asthma in which a cough is the main, and sometimes only sign. Cough-variant asthma usually does not cause wheezing or breathlessness and causes a dry, scratchy, mostly nonproductive cough (this means little or no phlegm is coughed up). About 30% of people who have cough-variant asthma will develop typical asthma.

Work-related asthma
Work related asthma are types of asthma that are caused or made worse by irritants in the environment at a person's place of work. The kind of jobs that may cause work related asthma are usually those in which there is a lot of smoke or chemicals are used. There are different types of work-related asthma (WRA):

1. Occupational asthma with latency: this asthma type is when the signs and symptoms of asthma occur after a period of time ("latency") after being exposed to the environmental irritants. e.g.: John starts working at a factory where chemicals are used the first week of January. At the end of March he starts developing the signs and symptoms of asthma. The period of time from when he started the job in January to when the signs and symptoms of asthma started in March is the "latency period".

2. Irritant-Induced Asthma (IIA) is occupational asthma without latency: this is an asthma type is when the signs and symptoms of asthma can occur immediately ("without latency") after being exposed to the environmental irritants. e.g. Frank starts a new job working as a janitor where he uses ammonia to clean. After opening the bottle of ammonia and breathing the fumes Frank starts finding it difficult to breath, his chest tightens up and he develops other signs and symptoms of asthma.

4. Work-aggravated asthma: this is when a person already has asthma and environmental triggers at their place of work makes it worse.

Exercise induced asthma

Exercise induced asthma (EIA) - also called exercise induced bronchospasm - is the term used to describe asthma cases in which exercise is the main, and many times the only trigger for an asthma attack. If a person already has a form of asthma or they are "atopic" there is more of a chance of getting EIA.

Nocturnal asthma

Nocturnal asthma: is the term used to describe asthma cases that get worse at night ("nocturnal").

Premenstrual asthma (PMA): is when asthma symptoms get worse during the premenstrual period. This condition may affect up to 40% of female asthma sufferers. For a diagnosis of PMA to be made it is necessary to have a detailed history of the timing of menstrual cycles along with asthma symptoms experienced, and the peak expiratory flow rate (PMA may cause the PEF to be lowered in the premenstrual period). It is helpful in making a diagnosis to keep a diary of symptoms and peak expiratory flow (PEF) rates.

Status asthmaticus

Status asthmaticus is a severe form of asthma in which an asthma attack gets worse as it goes along and the medicines that are usually used to treat asthma do not work. Status asthmaticus can be fatal.

Signs and symptoms in medicine are the way a medical condition affects a person's body. Sometimes the signs and symptoms of asthma may be "mild" which does not bother the person too much. At other times they may be "severe" which may make the person feel very sick.

Not every person with asthma has all the signs and symptoms of asthma all the time. A person may have some signs and symptoms during one asthma attack and have different symptoms during another asthma attack. Some people with asthma may have long periods of time between asthma attacks where they show no signs and experience no symptoms of asthma, while others may have some or all of the signs and symptoms everyday which become more severe during an attack. It also depends on what type of asthma a person has and whether they have a mild, moderate or severe case.

There are also some people with asthma who might only have signs and symptoms during certain times, such as those with exercise induced asthma, where the exercise triggers the symptoms. For some the signs and symptoms of asthma may be triggered or made worse ("exacerbated") when they have viral respiratory tract infections, often the type caused by human "rhinoviruses".

Early warning signs of an asthma attack are physical changes in health that a person with asthma has before they have the attack. By knowing the early warning signs a person may be able to take steps to keep from having an asthma attack or if they do have one, to keep it from getting worse.

Early warning signs

The early warning signs of asthma may include:

A "trigger factor" or "trigger" for short, is something that causes the signs and symptoms of a medical condition to begin in a person who already has that medical condition. Common triggers for asthma are:

The best way to deal with asthma triggers is to learn what they are and avoid them if possible, and if not totally avoidable then adjust one's behavior to deal with them. Example: running on a cold winter day right up to the doorstep of a warm house and going immediately inside; the sudden temperature change can cause an attack and could have been avoided. In general but especially with a medical condition such as asthma it is necessary to be aware of one's environment and what's in it, both indoors and outdoors. Most often the Asthma is triggered by allergens. One big source of allergens is the carpet. Totally replace it with a tiles floor reduce the possibility to create a good environment for the allergens and it is more simple to clean and disinfect.

An asthma attack is when, after a period of time when a person has had only a few or no symptoms of asthma, the asthma gets worse all of a sudden, usually because of being exposed to one or more triggers. When the asthma attack happens, the tissue inside the airways swell because of "inflammation" - which is how the body tries to protect itself from harmful things, like germs and irritants. When the tissues swell the opening (called the "lumen") in the airway gets very narrow.

The "smooth muscles" (which are the kind of muscles in the body that do not "contract" voluntarily, like the ones in the arm) around the bronchi and bronchioles begin to "spasm" or contract which makes the opening in the airway even narrower. This is called a "bronchospasm".

Inside the lining of the airways are glands called, "submucosal glands", and above them, closer to the opening in the airway are cells called "goblet cells" - because they are shaped kind of like a goblet, which is a type of cup. The submucosal glands and the goblet cells make mucous which helps protect the inside of the airways. The mucous in the airways of healthy lungs is a thin film which traps irritants such as dust particles and pollen so they do not damage the airways and keep them from entering the air sacs (alveoli).

There are tiny hairs lining the airway called "cilia". The cilia wave back and forth like a liitle whips, and help push the mucous and the trapped particles up the airways to the "pharynx". From there the mucous, the trapped particles from the lower airways can be coughed up (this is called "sputum").

During an asthma attack the submucosal glands and the goblet cells start making much more mucous than normal, and the mucous is also thicker than normal. This makes it very hard for the cilia to do their job, and bring the mucous up out of the airways. So now there is too much mucous being made, and not enough being brought up by the cilia. The airways are already to narrow to breathe properly because of the tissue swelling caused by inflammation and the constriction caused by the bronchospasms, so the extra mucous blocks the airway even more. This makes breathing very difficult. In fatal asthma attacks the airways can become so constricted and/or plugged with mucous that no air can get through at all.
There are other signs of breathing difficulty as in an asthma attack, which are important to learn, and knowing them can help tell if someone who cannot talk is having breathing problems. People who may not be able to let somebody know they are having breathing problems include babies and young children.

Some of the other signs of asthma include:

A diagnosis of asthma is based on a person's:
Diagnostic Tests

There is no specific test that can tell if a person has asthma, however there are tests that can help in the diagnosis when the results are considered along with the medical and family history and physical exam

"Differential diagnoses" are different medical disorders which may cause the same symptoms. Before a doctor makes a "final diagnosis", which means they are sure of what medical disorder is causing the problem, they think of what other medical conditions have the same or almost the same symptoms, and make sure it's not one of them.

The differential diagnoses of asthma include:

Airway remodeling is when there are permanent physical changes to the airways that also affects how they work. This may happen after chronic long-term asthma. After cycles of inflammation, damage and repair to the airways. permanent remodeling of the airways may occur. This is when the physical structure of the airway changes. This will cause permanent airway narrowing (they are always more narrow than normal and get narrower during an asthma attack), bronchospasms are more easily triggered (bronchial hyperresponsiveness), airway edema (fluid in the airway), and mucus hypersecretion (too much mucous is made) as well as the build-up of collagen around the airway which is called fibrosis. Airway remodeling has been observed in children as young as six.

Not managing asthma properly can lead to airway remodeling and this can increase the risk of dying from an asthma attack. One of the main problems which cause poor asthma management is not using the asthma inhaler correctly. One of the main reasons for improper inhaler use is the asthma patient not having the proper knowledge in using the inhaler due to not receiving proper instruction.

Goblet cell and submucosal gland hyperplasia: Among the physical changes that may happen in airway remodeling is "goblet cell hyperplasia" and "submucosal gland hyperplasia". Submucosal glands and goblet cells make mucous which helps to protect the airways by trapping harmful particles like dust and pollen. The mucous is normally a thin film which lines the airways. The mucous and whatever particles they trap are brought up to the "pharynx" by tiny (microscopic) hairs on the inside of the airway that move back and forth called "cilia".

During an asthma attack the submucosal glands and goblet cells make too much mucous, and it is thicker than normal which makes it harder for the cilia to bring the mucous up. When airway remodeling happens the body may make many more submucosal glands and goblet cells than normal, which means even more mucous is made. There may be too much mucous for the cilia to bring up and the airway may become blocked. This is one of the reasons that people with airway remodeling often have more severe asthma. In fatal cases the airway may have become totally plugged causing "asphyxia".

Airway Reconstruction Methods

Regular Breastfeeding sessions are a proven benefit to airway reconstruction. While previous studies have shown a similar effect between breastfeeding and asthma risk, this research is the first that showed a link between the length of breastfeeding and the number of wheezing episodes. Also, this study found evidence that the first asthma-related symptoms occur earlier in life if children were breastfed for shorter lengths of time or not exclusively. The study shows it’s not the nutritional benefit from the liquid, it’s the pull on lung of which dilates the smooth muscles of the air passage. Dry-nursing has actually proven to had been more beneficial in this study for strengthening airway health in both children and adults. Dilating the airways will strengthen them and the lungs themselves.

Asthma can be controlled most often by avoiding contact with triggers and by using certain drugs. Most asthma sufferers carry special medicines around with them. These are called inhalers. The medicine inside the inhaler opens the tubes that go to the lungs. The inhaler is usually used to prevent an asthma attack, or to stop an attack that is already happening.
Rescue medicine — A rescue medicine is an inhaler ("puffer") that is used if a person thinks they are having an asthma attack.

Controller medicine — A controller medicine is a medicine in either a pill or an inhaler taken every day to prevent asthma attacks.

Common treatment in a hospital

Hospitals have other options they can use in an emergency when the regular treatments don't work:

Unconventional Treatments / At Home Remedies

Drugs that may worsen an asthma attack

There are certain types of drugs that make asthma worse or that can trigger such an attack. Certain types of drugs should only be used in very specific situations. Some of these drugs are:

Managing comorbid asthma, depression and/or anxiety

Depression and anxiety have a negative impact on asthma. Comorbid anxiety with asthma is particularly confusing because of the similarity of symptoms and interference in perception and treatment of asthma. The National Asthma Council Australia recommends treatment for comorbid psychological symptoms. Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT) is one recommended treatment for anxiety and depression. There is tentative research evidence suggesting that a program of CBT amended for asthma, delivered in conjunction with medical treatment and in close liaison with your medical team, can improve anxiety, asthma and quality of life. Clinicians intending to deliver CBT for comorbid asthma, anxiety or depression should refer to and the research reviewed by for guidance on safe and effective intervention.

The Global Initiative for Asthma

The global Initiative for Asthma (GINA), launched in 1993, is a collaborative effort between the World Health Organization (WHO), the National Institutes of Health USA (NIH), and the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute. Its aims include; to increase public awareness of asthma, encourage research into the causes for the increasing prevalence of asthma worldwide, encourage research into the links between asthma and environmental factors, improve the effectiveness of asthma management practices, reduce the mortality and morbidity rates associated with asthma, and make treatments for asthma more readily available.

One of the ways in which GINA fulfils these aims is by producing medical guidelines on the management of asthma, which based on a systematically conducted review of the most recent-worldwide literature. These guidelines are free and available to all patients and clinicians from the GINA website. The GINA main report is updated annually and aims to reflect evolving best practice as it highlights changes in asthma management strategies.

GINA established ‘World Asthma Day’ in 1998, with the first event organized in Barcelona, Spain. It is held annually on the first Tuesday of May, and includes the participation of more than 35 countries.

Often, having one medical problem makes it more likely a person will also have one or more other medical or psychiatric problems. These other disorders are the "comorbid problems" or "comorbidities". There are various comorbid medical and psychiatric conditions associated with asthma.

Respiratory disorders

Gastrointestinal disorders

Psychiatric disorders
Sleep disorders

Skin disorders

In medicine "epidemiology" is the study of what causes diseases and medical conditions, how often they happen, where they happen and who they happen to.

It is more common in developed countries than developing countries. The United States and Canada have some of the highest asthma rates in the world even though they are not poor countries. In Africa the country of South Africa has the highest asthma rate on the whole continent even though it is one of the richest countries.

More than 80% of the people who die from asthma are usually from low and middle income countries, but not always, as South Africa has the fourth highest death rate in the world even though it is one of the richer countries in the world. In the United States the death rates are higher for females, adults and people of African descent.

As of 2011, 235–300 million people worldwide are affected by asthma, and approximately 250,000 people die per year from the disease. Rates vary between countries with prevalence between 1 and 18%.

The amount of asthma cases reported each year has gotten much higher between the 1960s and 2008 Rates of asthma have plateaued in the developed world since the mid-1990s with recent increases primarily in the developing world. Asthma affects approximately 7% of the population of the United States and 5% of people in the United Kingdom. Canada, Australia and New Zealand have rates of about 14–15%.


Turkish

Turkish might mean:


890

890 was a common year.


Bochum

Bochum ( , , ; Westphalian: "Baukem", Low Franconian: "Boochem", Old Saxon: "Bochem") is a city in the Ruhr area of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany. It is part of the Arnsberg Government Region. Bochum is situated between the cities of Essen, Dortmund, Gelsenkirchen, and Hattingen.

Bochum has about 380,000 inhabitants.
The city is formed by the traditional industry of coal mining in the Ruhr area, but today there is no mining in Bochum anymore.
Today the most important institution in Bochum is the Ruhr-University Bochum, one of the biggest German universities.
It has an extremely wide spectrum of subjects, beginning with mathematics and science, social sciences, economy, engineering, laws, philosophy, historical subjects, theology, medicine, and languages even including Chinese and Polish.
Bochum has a rich cultural life and its theatre is one of the most prominent in Germany. The Folkwang University of Art has its well known theatre centre in the Ehrenfeld neighbourhood of Bochum, educating a quite small group of students in the theatrical arts. 

The "Bermuda3eck" (Bermuda Triangle) is a well known area for night life in central Bochum such as bars, nightclubs, and Hookah parlours. It has over 60 bars and restaurants, serving many kinds of food and drinks from both Germany and abroad. Since 1986, the Bochum Total music festival has taken place in the "Bermuda3eck", with many live music performances. Bochum Total usually takes place for 3 days around the start of July, and is one of the largest free music festivals in Europe. 

The German Mining Museum is also in Bochum, and has a number of permanent and temporary exhibits which cover the history of coal's uses and how it is mined. The Zeiss Planetarium nearby has a number of shows featuring animations and recordings of space, along with music such as Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon.

Progressive rock

Progressive rock is a type of rock music with complicated musical technique and composition. This means that the tempo, time signature, and style can change many times in a single song.

Most normal rock songs follow a very simple pattern in the way they are arranged. This pattern is a verse followed by a chorus, then a different verse, and then the same chorus. Progressive rock is more complicated than this, and can require more skill to play.

Progressive rock was first made in the late 1960s, but became most popular in the 1970s. It continues to be popular today, too. Progressive rock began in England and spread throughout Europe. It remains most popular in Europe, but there are several notable American and Canadian progressive rock bands. This genre was influenced by classical music and jazz fusion. Over the years, different sub-genres of progressive rock have been created, such as symphonic rock, art rock, math rock, and progressive metal.

Progressive rock artists wished to create music that was not limited to the structures of common popular rock and pop music. They wanted to make rock music that "progressed" to the complexity of jazz and classical music by creating a more serious, complex and sophisticated type of rock music. Progressive rock bands may have influences from psychedelic rock, folk music, traditional music, world music, and jazz or jazz fusion. It is also referred to as "prog rock" as an abbreviation, or as "Hobbit rock" because of frequent medieval or fantasy themes in the lyrics.

Progressive rock bands write and play songs that have many changes during each song. Regular rock songs have verses and a chorus, but progressive songs can have many different sections. For example, instead of having verses and choruses, progressive rock songs may have many different musical themes, solos, and musical moods. A typical progressive song might have a form such as: Introduction-Verse-Chorus-instrumental section-New verse-New chorus-Instrumental section-Ending.
Because of their depth and complexity, progressive rock songs are not played on pop music radio very often.

Some of the important progressive rock bands from the late 1960s and early 1970s include The Moody Blues, Jethro Tull; Yes, Genesis; Pink Floyd; Emerson; Lake & Palmer; Rush; Gentle Giant; Happy The Man; Van der Graaf Generator, and King Crimson.
Progressive rock is difficult to define, because progressive rock bands often play different types of progressive rock music which sound different. There are some common elements that are in most progressive rock band music, such as long, complex songs, unusual time signatures, unusual instruments or ways of using them, and use of improvisation, which means making up or inventing music while playing on stage.

Albums by progressive rock groups are often concept albums. In a concept album, the songs have a common theme, are arranged in a certain order and often tell a story or represent a larger concept.

San Juan, Puerto Rico

San Juan is the capital and largest city of Puerto Rico. The city's population is 433,733. It is the 42nd-largest city and the oldest European settlement in United States territory. Today, San Juan is Puerto Rico's most important seaport.

San Juan was founded in 1521. It was named after San Juan Bautista, or St. John the Baptist (name given by Christopher Columbus). San Juan is also known as "La Ciudad Amurallada". This means the "walled city". San Juan has many old buildings still standing today. Many Spanish explorers came during the Age of Discovery and built forts, churches, and other historical buildings. An example of a very old fort is "La Fortaleza". It is also known as "Palacio de Santa Catalina". In the sixteenth century, it was a Spanish fortress against Caribs. These were the people native to the Caribbean islands and Central America. Another old building is the oldest residence in Old San Juan, Casas de los Contrasfuertes (House of Buttresses).

Kashmir

Kashmir, previously spelled Cashmere, is a region in South-central Asia. Historically, the name Kashmir referred to the valley just to the south of the western end of the Himalayan mountain range. Today, Kashmir refers to a much larger area that includes the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir (which includes the Kashmir Valley, Jammu region and Ladakh), Azad Kashmir and Gilgit–Baltistan (part of Pakistan), and Aksai Chin and the Trans-Karakoram Tract (part of China). The main "Valley of Kashmir" is a low-fertile area surrounded by mountains and contains many rivers. People like it for its natural beauty and simple lifestyle. The region is part of a border dispute between India and Pakistan.

In total it has an area of 230,166.1 square kilometres or (89,106 square miles). The population of the region is more than the individual populations of 127 UN member nations and its area is larger than that of 97 nations.

The name of the land is thought to be derived from the process of desiccation - Ka means "water" and Shimir means "to desiccate". Hence, Kashmir stands for "a land desiccated from water". There is also a theory which takes Kashmir to be a contraction of Kashyap-mira or Kashyapmir or Kashyapmeru, the ""Sea or Mountain of Kashyapa"", the sage who is credited with having drained the waters of the primordial Lake Satisar, that Kashmir was before it was reclaimed. The Nilamata Purana gives the name Kashmira to the Mira" which means the sea lake or the mountain of Sage Kashyapa. Mira in Sanskrit means Ocean or boundary, considering it to be an embodiment of Uma. The Kashmiris, however, call it "Kashir", which has been derived phonetically from Kashmir. 

The Ancient Greeks called it as "Kasperia". Kashyapa-pura, which has been identified with Kaspapyros of Hecataeus (apud Stephanus of Byzantium) and Kaspatyros of Herodotus (3.102, 4.44); In classical literature Herodotus also called it "Kaspatyrol". Kashmir is also believed to be the country meant by Ptolemy's Kaspeiria. Xuanzang, the Chinese monk who visited Kashmir in 631 AD called it "Kia-shi-mi-lo", the Tibetans called it Khachal, meaning "snowy mountain". It is and has been a land of rivers, lakes and wildflowers. "Cashmere" is an archaic spelling of present-Kashmir, and in some countries it is still spelled this way. A tribe of Semitic origin, named Kash (which means a deep slash in the native dialect), is believed to have founded the cities of Kashan and Kashgar, not to be confused with the Kashyapi tribe from Caspian. The land and the people were known as 'Kashir' from which 'Kashmir' was also derived.

The Kashmir conflict has existed since India and Pakistan became independent states. At first, the Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir, Hari Singh, wanted his state to remain independent of both India and Pakistan. On 20 October 1947, tribesmen supported by Pakistan invaded Kashmir. Singh fought back at first, but on 27 October, he asked the Governor-General of India, Louis Mountbatten, for help. He agreed, but made Singh turn over Jammu and Kashmir to India. Once the papers of accession to India were signed, Indian soldiers entered Kashmir with orders to stop any further occupation, but they were not allowed to expel anyone from the state. Pakistan claimed that it was illegal for Singh to give Kashmir to India, and the First Kashmir War was started. India took the matter to the United Nations. The UN resolution asked Pakistan to vacate the areas it had occupied and asked India to assist the U.N. Plebiscite Commission to organize a plebiscite to determine the will of the people. Pakistan refused to leave the occupied areas.

In 1953, as the US-Pakistan Mutual Defence Pact was being formed, Nehru declared an ultimatum. Pakistan would have to choose between a plebiscite with the possibility of winning control over Kashmir, or their pact with the US. As the alliance formed and was concluded in 1954, Nehru withdrew the offer of plebiscite. Kashmir remains an area of conflict until today.

India and Pakistan have fought several wars over Kashmir. In 1949 and 1972 they agreed on a border for most of the Territories (except for the Siachen Glacier). This demarcation line which marks the border between India and Pakistan is known as the Line of Control. It is guarded by Indian and Pakistani troops.

The border between Aksai Chin (held by China) and Jammu and Kashmir (held by India) is known as Line of Actual Control.

The Kashmir border between the Punjab (Pakistan) and Indian-administered Kashmir is called the working boundary, but is not recognised by Pakistan. India has built a fence along part of this border.

The Siachen Glacier and the bordering Saltoro Range first saw military action in 1984 when the Indian Army occupied the glacier and the Saltoro range to prevent Pakistan from occupying the area. This operation was codenamed Operation Meghdoot. There have been several minor changes to the held positions. However, the Indian Armed forces have held onto the heights on the plateau, preventing Pakistani soldiers from climbing up the Saltoro range.

The Actual Ground Position Line (AGPL) refers to the current position that divides Indian and Pakistani troops in the Siachen Glacier region. The line extends from the northernmost point of the LOC (Line of Control) to Indira Col. This line runs across the edge of the Saltoro Range, which is a mountainous plateau with peaks that are over 8,000 meters tall. The current position of the AGPL follows the general line:

Indira Col - Sia La pass - Saltoro Kangri 1 - Bilafond La pass - K12 - Gyong La pass - NJ9842

Today Kashmir is split, as follows:

The Disputed territory of Kashmir is divided into five administrative Divisions, namely:

A group of Districts forms a Division, which is administered by a 'Divisional Commissioner'. Kashmir is now divided in twenty-one districts, grouped under five divisions jointly controlled by Pakistan and India respectively:

Kashmir's economy is centred around agriculture, like that of Pakistan. Traditionally the staple crop of the valley was rice, which formed the chief food of the people. In addition, corn, wheat, barley and oats were also grown. Given its temperate climate, it is suited for crops like Asparagus, Artichoke, seakale, broad beans, scarlet runners, beetroot, cauliflower and cabbage. Fruit trees are common in the valley, and the cultivated orchards yield pears, apples, peaches, and cherries. The chief trees are deodar (National tree of Pakistan), firs and Pines, chenar (State tree) or plane, Maple, birch and Walnut, apple, cherry.

Historically, Kashmir became known worldwide when Cashmere wool was exported to other regions and nations (exports have ceased due to decreased numbers of the cashmere goat and increased competition from Western China). Kashmiris are good at knitting and making Pashmina Shawls, silk carpets, rugs, Kurtas, and Pottery. Saffron, too, is grown in Kashmir. Efforts are on to export the naturally grown fruits and vegetables as organic foods mainly to the Greater Middle East region which it forms an integral part. Srinagar is known for its silver-work, papier mache, wood-carving, and the weaving of silk.

The economy was badly damaged by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake which, as of 8 October 2005, resulted in over 70,000 deaths in the Pakistan-controlled part of Kashmir and around 1,500 deaths in Indian controlled kashmir.

The Indian-held portion of Kashmir is believed to have potentially rich rocks containing hydrocarbon reserves.

Tourism has been important in Kashmir for many years. Many people call the region "Paradise on Earth". Tourists from all over the world visit Kashmir. In the 21st century, fewer people have visited Kashmir because of terrorism. Kashmir is regularly referred to as "Jannat-e-Kashmir" due to its connotation with paradise. The term "Jannat-e-Kashmir" is originally a Persian phrase referring to Kashmir because of the many Persian Sufi saints who visited the Kashmir Valley and wrote poems about it in Persian language. Many Sufi saints are buried in the Kashmir Valley and there are Sufi shrines everywhere in Kashmir.

78% of the people in Kashmir are Muslim and Islam is the majority religion of the territory. The other religions are Hinduism followed by 12% of the population and Sikhism followed by 10%. During the reign of the Shah Miri dynasty of Kashmir starting in the 13th century, Islam was firmly established in Kashmir.


Rural area

Rural areas are areas which are not towns or cities. They are often farming or agricultural areas. These areas are sometimes called "the country" or "countryside". People who live "in the country" often live in small villages, but they might also live somewhere where there are no other houses nearby.

Rural is the opposite of urban, which means places such as cities where buildings and places where people work and live are all close together.

Many people who live in cities like to go to the country to relax. They go there for recreation, often for their holidays, or to read.

In the U.S., the United States Census Bureau, defines a "rural area" as sparsely populated and far from urban centers, which make up an estimated 3% of the land area of the U.S., but is home to more than 80% of the total population. 

Stephen Crane

Stephen Townley Crane (November 1, 1871 - June 5, 1900) was an American writer. He was born on November 1, 1871 in Newark, New Jersey to Jonathan Townley Crane, a clergyman, and Mary Helen Peck Crane. He attended Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York, but did not graduate. He moved to New York City in 1892 to write about the slum life of Manhattan. His major works include the novella "Maggie: A Girl of the Streets" (1893), the war novel "The Red Badge of Courage" (1895), and the short story "The Open Boat" (1897). After the success of "Badge", his literary reputation declined. His health was poor. In May 1899, he entered a sanitarium in Badenweiler, Germany. On June 5, 1900, he died of tuberculosis. He is buried in the Evergreen Cemetery in Hillside, New Jersey. 


Lawrence's goldfinch

The Lawrence's goldfinch ("Carduelis lawrencei") is a small songbird of North America. Bigger than the Lesser Goldfinch, and smaller than the American Goldfinch, with less yellow markings than either.

It lives from central California and its southern coast in the United States, to Baja California in Mexico. Females have less yellow and do not have the black cap and chin of the males.

This bird is named after the American "ornithologist" (bird expert), George Newbold Lawrence.

George Newbold Lawrence

George Newbold Lawrence (October 20, 1806 - January 17, 1895) was an American businessperson and amateur ornithologist (bird expert).

Lawrence counted birds for Spencer Fullerton Baird and John Cassin, and the three men wrote "Birds of North America" in 1858.

Lawrence left his 8,000 bird skins to the American Museum of Natural History. The Lawrence's Goldfinch "Carduelis lawrencei" was named for him by Cassin.

Santa Claus

Santa Claus (or Father Christmas) is a historical magical being who is commonly associated with Christmas. He is usually a plump and cheerful white-bearded white man wearing a red suit with white trim. He is said to bring presents to children all around the world on Christmas Eve and leave them underneath their Christmas trees.

He is said to live at the North Pole with his wife Mrs. Claus, elves who build the presents for the kids, and reindeer who pull his sleigh through the sky, which is how he travels the world. Father Christmas (the Nordic version) is said to live in Lapland, Finland, but most believe he is from the North Pole.

In the Nordic version, Santa is said to live in a small hill called Korvatunturi in Lapland, Finland. There is a theme park in Rovaniemi, which is near Korvatunturi, called Santa Claus Village.

The saint who inspired the legend of Sinterklaas (and thus, Santa Claus) is Saint Nicholas, who lived in the 4th Century AD and had a reputation for secret gift-giving, especially to the poor and needy, such as putting coins in the shoes of those who left them out for him.

He lives at the top of the world at the North Pole with his wife Mrs. Claus, elves, and reindeer. As his home and workshop are fictional, there is no definite geographical location as to where the home or workshop is located.

Over the years, there have been a number of websites created by various organizations that have purported to track Santa. Some, such as NORAD Tracks Santa, the Airservices Australia Tracks Santa Project, the Santa Update Project, and the MSNBC and Bing Maps Platform Tracks Santa Project have endured. Others, such as the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport's Tracks Santa Project, the Santa Retro Radar – Lehigh Valley Project, and the NASA Tracks Santa Project, have fallen out of use.
The NORAD Tracks Santa program began in the United States in 1955, when a Sears Roebuck store in Colorado Springs, Colorado gave children a telephone number to call a "Santa hotline." The number was mistyped, resulting in children calling the Continental Air Defense Command on Christmas Eve instead. Colonel Harry Shoup, the Director of Operations, received the first call for Santa and responded by telling children there were signs on the radar that Santa was indeed heading south from the North Pole. A tradition began which continued under the name NORAD Tracks Santa when in 1958, the United States and Canada jointly created the North American Air Defense Command (NORAD). This tracking can now be done through the Internet and NORAD's website.

Many local television stations in the United States and Canada claimed to have tracked Santa in their own metropolitan areas through the stations' meteorologists. In December 2000, the Weather Channel built upon these local efforts to provide a national Christmas Eve Santa tracking effort called SantaWatch in cooperation with NASA, the International Space Station, and Silicon Valley-based new multimedia firm Dreamtime Holdings. In the 21st century, most local television stations in the United States and Canada rely upon outside established "Santa tracking" efforts, such as NORAD Tracks Santa.

Many other websites became available year-round, devoted to Santa and pretend to keep tabs on his activities in his workshop. Many of these websites also include email addresses which allow children to send email to Santa. Most of these websites use volunteer living people as "elves" to answer email sent to Santa. However, some websites, such as Santa's page on Microsoft's Windows Live Spaces, have used or still use "bots" to compose and send email replies, with occasional unfortunate results. One particular website called emailSanta.com was created when a 1997 Canada Post strike prevented a man named Alan Kerr (credited as the "Head Elf")'s young niece and nephews from sending their letters to Santa; in a few weeks, over 1,000 emails to Santa were received and had received 1,000 emails a day one year later.
In addition to providing holiday-themed entertainment, "Santa tracking" websites raise interest in space technology and exploration, serve to educate children in geography. and encourage them to take an interest in science.

By the end of the 20th century, the reality of mass mechanized production became more fully accepted by the Western public. Elves had been portrayed as using assembly lines to produce toys early in the 20th century. That shift was reflected in the modern depiction of Santa's residence—now often humorously portrayed as a fully mechanized production and distribution facility, equipped with the latest manufacturing technology, and overseen by the elves with Santa and Mrs. Claus as executives and / or managers. An excerpt from a 2004 article, from a supply chain managers' trade magazine, illustrates this: 

In cartoons Santa has been voiced by many people, including Ed Asner, Stan Francis, Mickey Rooney, John Goodman, and Keith Wickham.

Santa has been described as a positive male cultural icon:

Many television commercials, comic strips and other media depict this as a sort of humorous business, with Santa's elves acting as a sometimes mischievously disgruntled workforce, cracking jokes, making riddles, and pulling pranks on their boss. For instance, a "Bloom County" story from December 15, 1981 through December 24, 1981 has Santa rejecting the demands of PETCO (Professional Elves Toy-Making and Craft Organization) for higher wages, a hot tub in the locker room, and "short broads," with the elves then going on strike. Ronald Reagan steps in, fires all of Santa's helpers, and replaces them with out-of-work air traffic controllers (an obvious reference to the 1981 air traffic controllers' strike), resulting in a riot before Santa vindictively rehires them in humiliating new positions such as his reindeer. In an episode of "The Sopranos" titled "...To Save Us All from Satan's Power," Paulie Gualtieri says he "used to think Santa and Mrs. Claus were running a sweatshop over there... The original elves were ugly, traveled with Santa to throw bad kids a beatin', and gave the good ones toys."
In Kyrgyzstan, a mountain peak was named after Santa, after a Swedish company had suggested it would be a more efficient starting place for present-delivering journeys all over the world, than Lapland. In the Kyrgyz capital Bishkek, a Santa Claus Festival was held on December 30, 2007, with government officials attending. 2008 was officially declared the Year of Santa Claus in the country. The events are seen as moves to boost tourism in Kyrgyzstan.

The Guinness World Record for the largest gathering of Santa Clauses is held by Thrissur, Kerala, India, where on December 27, 2014, 18,112 Santas came overtaking the current record of Derry City, Northern Ireland. On September 9, 2007, where a total of 12,965 people dressed up as Santa or Santa's helpers which previously brought down the record of 3,921, which was set during the Santa Dash event in Liverpool City Center in 2005. A gathering of Santas in 2009 in Bucharest, Romania attempted to top the world record, but failed with only 3,939 Santas.

Cinnamon

Cinnamon is a spice from the inner bark of "Cinnamomum verum".

The spice is used in both sweet and savoury foods. It is aromatic. People usually put cinnamon in sweet baked goods (such as cinnamon rolls), hot wine or liquors.

Cinnamon was used to make the spiced wine, claret, in the Middle Ages. In India, cinnamon is commonly used in making flavoured tea. It is either directly added as small pieces or put in powdered form during the preparation of tea. It is known as "Daal-Cheeni (दाल चीनि)" in Hindi.

The Sinhalese name of cinnamon is "kurundu". Cinnamon is grown as an export crop in Sri Lanka.

There is a literature which suggests that cinnamon spice may have positive effects on diabetes type II. This is not the view of the U.S., National Institutes of Health.

1186

Year 1186 (MCLXXXVI) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1188

1188 was a leap year.


Egg

Egg can mean different things:

Science fiction

Science fiction (often shortened to sci-fi or SF) is the type genre of speculative fiction which deals with imaginative and futuristic concepts such as advanced science and technology, space exploration, interstellar travel, parallel universes, and extraterrestrial life. It has been called the "literature of ideas", and it often explores the potential consequences of scientific, social, and technological innovations. Science fiction stories can be novels, movies, TV shows, video games, comic books and other literature.

SF is often about the future. It can be about imaginary new science and inventions such as spaceships, aliens, and robots. Science fiction stories are often in a world that is very different from the real world. They can have science and tools that do not exist in reality. Science fiction stories often take place on other worlds. There are often alien creatures.

Science fiction is drastically different from fantasy. Fantasy stories often have magic and other things that do not exist and are not science. Isaac Asimov was a famous science fiction writer. He once said that science fiction is possible, but fantasy is not.

Writers often use SF to explain everyday questions or problems by putting them in the future. Usually they invent a very different world to help people notice important ideas.

Science fiction changes over time. Some authors wrote SF books before this type of writing had a name. These writers and books were not called science fiction when they were published. But, they are often called science fiction today.


Two broad genres of science fiction are Hard SF and Soft SF. Although not everyone agrees on the exact definitions of these two types, the way they use science or the type of science used in the stories is different.

Hard science fiction, or "hard SF", is special because it uses true facts and theories from sciences. These sciences are very important in Hard SF: physics, astrophysics, and chemistry. Also, Hard SF can show worlds that more advanced technology may make possible. Many correct predictions of the future come from the hard science fiction subgenre. However, there have been many incorrect ideas about the future, too. Some hard SF writers have also worked as professional scientists. A few of these scientist/writers are Gregory Benford and Geoffrey A. Landis, while mathematician authors include Rudy Rucker and Vernor Vinge. Other noteworthy hard SF authors include Arthur C. Clarke, Hal Clement, Isaac Asimov, Greg Bear, Stanislav Lem, Larry Niven, Robert J. Sawyer, Stephen Baxter, Alastair Reynolds, Charles Sheffield, and Greg Egan.

Soft science fiction stories take ideas from social sciences such as psychology, economics, political science, sociology, and anthropology. Some important writers in this category include Ursula K. Le Guin and Philip K. Dick. Soft SF can be mostly about character and emotion. Ray Bradbury won a prize called the SFWA Grand Master and writes in this style. The Soviet Union produced social science fiction too. Some examples are Strugatsky brothers, Kir Bulychov and Ivan Yefremov.

Some Social SF and Soft SF can be types of speculative fiction, for example utopian or dystopian stories. George Orwell's "Nineteen Eighty-Four", Aldous Huxley's "Brave New World" and Margaret Atwood's "The Handmaid's Tale", are examples. Some people think that satirical novels in fantastic settings (places) such as "Gulliver's Travels" by Jonathan Swift are speculative fiction.

Within Hard or Soft SF, there are different types, or subgenres, of science fiction. Each subgenre is a group of stories that uses similar ideas or styles of story-telling. Publishing companies and critics put works of SF into different subgenres to help describe the work to help readers choose which books to read or movies to watch. Assigning genres is not simple. Some stories can be in two or more genres at the same time. Other stories may not fit any genre.

In Alternate (or alternative) history stories, writers imagine how the past might have been different. These stories may use time travel to change the past. Some set a story in a universe with a different history from our own. These are some important alternate history books:

The Sidewise Award is for the best works in this subgenre. The name Sidewise is taken from Murray Leinster's 1934 story "Sidewise in Time." Harry Turtledove is one of the most famous writers in the subgenre. He is often called the "master of alternate history".

Apocalyptic fiction is about the end of civilization. There are several types: through war ("On The Beach"), pandemic ("The Last Man"), astronomic impact ("When Worlds Collide"), ecological disaster ("The Wind From Nowhere"), or mankind's self-destruction ("Oryx and Crake"), or some other general disaster. Apocalyptic SF may also be about world or civilization after a disaster.

Cyberpunk began in the early 1980s. Bruce Bethke used this word as the title for a short story in 1980 by putting together two words: "cybernetics" and "punk". Soon, people used this word to describe William Gibson's book, "Neuromancer". Cyberpunk authors can put their stories in different settings. Stories usually take place in the near-future and the settings are often dystopian (characterized by misery). These are often societies with very advanced technology. A few huge corporations usually control the society. Another early cyberpunk novel that has become a classic is "Snow Crash" by Neal Stephenson.

Military science fiction stories happen during wars. These wars can be between different countries, different planets, or between different species. The stories are told by characters who are soldiers. They include detail about military technology, rules, and history. Some Military SF may be similar to real historical conflicts. Heinlein's "Starship Troopers" is an early example. Another is the Dorsai novels of Gordon Dickson. Joe Haldeman's "The Forever War" is a response to the World War II–style stories of earlier military SF authors. Haldeman was a soldier in the Vietnam War. Important military SF authors include John Ringo, David Drake, David Weber, and S. M. Stirling. Baen Books is known for cultivating military science fiction authors.

Maritime science fiction is science fiction that features a maritime or marine environment and technology and/or marine lifeforms mixed with science fiction. The probably earliest form of maritime science fiction literature is "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea".

Superhuman stories are about humans who get special abilities that are not normal. Maybe the new powers come from nature. Two examples of this type are Olaf Stapledon's novel "Odd John" and Theodore Sturgeon's "More Than Human". Sometimes scientists give people special powers on purpose. one example is A.E. van Vogt's novel "Slan". Frederik Pohl's novel "Man Plus" is another good example from this category. In that book, government scientists make a man into a powerful cyborg (part human, part machine).

These stories usually have two main points. One is the feeling of loneliness and separation that these superhuman people feel. The other is society's reaction to them.

Space opera is adventure science fiction in outer space or on distant planets. Action is more important than the science or characters. There is usually a strong hero and a very big conflict. The action often moves to many different places. Edward E. (Doc) Smith was an early Space opera writer. "Flash Gordon" and "Star Wars" are also popular examples.

Space western takes ideas from books and movies about exploring the American Old West and moves them to space in the future. These stories are often on "frontier" colony worlds (colonies that have only recently been terraformed and/or settled) serving as stand-ins for the backdrop of lawlessness and economic expansion that were predominant in the American west. Some examples are "Firefly" and the movie "Serenity" by Joss Whedon. Anime programs like "Cowboy Bebop" and "Outlaw Star" are also Space Westerns. Han Solo from "Star Wars" is an important Space Western character.

The first important time travel novel was Mark Twain's "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court". The most famous is H. G. Wells's 1895 novel "The Time Machine". Well's book uses a machine that allows an operator to travel to an exact time. Twain's time traveler is struck in the head and wakes up in the past. The term ""time machine"" was invented by Wells. Now it is the name for any vehicle that can take a rider to another time. Ray Bradbury's 1952 short story called "A Sound of Thunder" is a more recent and very famous example of this genre. Time travel stories can be complicated. They have logical problems such as the grandfather paradox. Time travel is a popular subject in modern science fiction, in print, movies, and television.



Science fiction fandom is the "community of the literature of ideas... the culture in which new ideas emerge and grow before being released into society at large". Members of this community, "fans", are in contact with each other at conventions or clubs, through print or online fanzines, or on the Internet using web sites, mailing lists, and other resources.

SF fandom emerged from the letters column in "Amazing Stories" magazine. Soon fans began writing letters to each other, and then grouping their comments together in informal publications that became known as fanzines. Once they were in regular contact, fans wanted to meet each other, and they organized local clubs. In the 1930s, the first science fiction conventions gathered fans from a wider area. Conventions, clubs, and fanzines were the main fan activities, or "fanac", for decades, until the Internet improved communication among a much larger population of interested people.

There are two very important science fiction awards: the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award. The Hugo is presented by the World Science Fiction Society at Worldcon each year. The Nebula is presented by SFWA and voted on by the community of authors. One important award for science fiction movies is the Saturn Award. The Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Horror movies gives this award each year..

There are national awards, like Canada's Aurora Award and the UK Arthur C. Clarke Award, regional awards, like the Endeavour Award presented at Orycon for works from the Pacific Northwest, special interest or subgenre awards like the Chesley Award for art or the World Fantasy Award for fantasy. Magazines may organize reader polls, notably the Locus Award.

Conventions (in fandom, shortened as "cons"), are held in cities around the world, catering to a local, regional, national, or international membership. General-interest conventions cover all aspects of science fiction, while others focus on a particular interest like media fandom, filking, etc. Most are organized by volunteers in non-profit groups, though most media-oriented events are organized by commercial promoters. The convention's activities are called the "program", which may include panel discussions, readings, autograph sessions, costume masquerades, and other events. Activities that occur throughout the convention are not part of the program; these commonly include a dealer's room, art show, and hospitality lounge (or "con suites").

Conventions may host award ceremonies. Worldcons present the Hugo Awards each year. SF societies are a year-round base of activities for science fiction fans. They may be associated with an ongoing science fiction convention, or have regular club meetings, or both. Most groups meet in libraries, schools and universities, community centers, pubs or restaurants, or the homes of individual members. Long-established groups like the New England Science Fiction Association and the Los Angeles Science Fantasy Society have clubhouses for meetings and storage of convention supplies and research materials.

The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) was founded by Damon Knight in 1965 as a non-profit organization to serve the community of professional science fiction authors, 24 years after his essay "Unite or Fie!" had led to the organization of the National Fantasy Fan Federation. Fandom has helped support related groups as they started to form, including media fandom, the Society for Creative Anachronism, gaming, filking, and furry fandom.

The first science fiction fanzine, "The Comet", was published in 1930. Fanzine printing methods have changed over the decades, from the mimeograph and the ditto machine, to modern photocopying. The number of copies was usually not enough to use commercial printing. Modern fanzines are printed on computer printers or at local copy shops, or they may only be sent as email. The best known fanzine (or "'zine") today is "Ansible". David Langford is the editor and it has won several Hugo awards. Artists working for fanzines have risen to prominence in the field, including Brad W. Foster, Teddy Harvia, and Joe Mayhew; the Hugos include a category for Best Fan Artists. The earliest organized fandom online was the SF Lovers community, originally a mailing list in the late 1970s with a text archive file that was updated regularly. In the 1980s, Usenet groups greatly expanded the circle of fans online. In the 1990s, the development of the World-Wide Web made the online fan community much, much larger. Fans created thousands and then millions of web sites devoted to science fiction and related genres for all media. Most of these websites are small, ephemeral, or about very specific topics. Though sites like SF Site and Read and Find Out give readers a broad range of references and reviews about science fiction.

Fan fiction is non-commercial fiction created by people who love an SF story or world. Fans write stories that take place in the setting of an established book, movie, or television series. Some people call it "fanfic". In some cases, the copyright owners of the books, movies, or television series have instructed their lawyers to issue "cease and desist" letters to fans.



Blaise Pascal

Blaise Pascal (19 June 1623 – 19 August 1662) was a French mathematician, physicist, inventor, philosopher, writer and Catholic theologian. He was born in Clermont-Ferrand, France. His mother died when he was three years old. His father's name was Étienne. He had two sisters, Jaqueline and Gilberte. Pascal was completely educated by his father.His father was a tax collector. Pascal was considered a child prodigy. Though best known for his works in mathematics, including the creation of Pascal's Triangle, which is named after him, and developments in the field of probability, Pascal was also a scientist. He wrote in support of the scientific method and also contributed to physics. Later he wrote two books about Christianity. Also, the Pascal unit was named after him.

Pascal died in Paris, France at 39. He had several illnesses; it is not known which of them caused his death.

Pascal invented a form of counting machine which helped inventors create the calculator in the 20th century.

Pascal's triangle

Pascal's Triangle is a mathematical triangular array. It is named after French mathematician Blaise Pascal, but it was used in China 3 centuries before his time.

Pascal's triangle can be made as follows. On the first row, write only the number 1. Then, to get the numbers of following rows, add the number that can be seen above and to the left (if any) and the number above and to the right (if any) to find the new value. For example, the numbers 1 and 3 in the fourth row are added to make 4 in the fifth row.

The triangle displays the coefficients that occur when the binomial formula_1 is raised to the formula_2 power:
formula_3

The same triangle can also be expressed using combinations:

formula_4, 

where formula_5

The triangle has many uses in probability. It can also be used in binomial expansions. For example,

Notice the coefficients are the third row of Pascal's triangle: 1, 2, 1.
In general, when a binomial is raised to a positive integer power we have:

where the coefficients "a" in this expansion are precisely the numbers on row "n" + 1 of Pascal's triangle; in other words,

Formally speaking, the way of making the Pascal's Triangle uses Pascal's rule, which states that

for non-negative integers "n" and "k" where "n" ≥ "k" and with the initial condition

Pascal's triangle generalizes readily into higher dimensions. The three-dimensional version is called Pascal's pyramid or "Pascal's tetrahedron". A higher-dimensional analogue is generically called a "Pascal's simplex". See also pyramid, tetrahedron, and simplex.

The first and last number in each row is always 1.
The second number in each row is the row number. In a binomial expansion, this second number is equal to the power. (This makes the 'first' row, 1, actually the zero row).
The rows always read the same forward and backward.
The sum of the numbers in each row is double the sum of the numbers in the row before. The sum of each row is 2.


Antidisestablishmentarianism

Antidisestablishmentarianism is a political position. It means "to keep an established church". An official state church is called the "established" church, so a disestablishmentarian is a person who wants to stop the state church. These people say a state church hurts the freedom of religion. These people say the state should be secular, meaning religion and the country are separate. This idea is called disestablishmentarianism. So antidisestablishmentarianism wants to keep the state church.

It is famous because it is one of the longest words in the English language. 

The word comes from England in the 1800s. In England, Ireland and Wales, there was an official state church called the Anglican Church. Ireland disestablished in 1871, and Wales disestablished in 1920. England still has the Anglican Church as the state church.

In 2014 Nick Clegg, who was the Leader of the Liberal Democrats at the time, said that he thought the Church of England should no longer be the established church. David Cameron, who was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, said the establishment helps the church and state.

Antidisestablishmentarianism is one of the longest words in the English language. It has 28 letters and 12 syllables. It is considered to be the longest word, if you do not count technical terms. For example, "pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis" is a technical term for a lung disease made by people who wanted it to be the longest word.

The word became famous because of a popular television show in the 1950s called "The $64,000 Question", where someone spelled it and won. Duke Ellington, a jazz artist, had a song called "You're Just an Old Antidisestablishmentarianismist". Eminem, a rapper, used the word in his song "Almost Famous".



1193

1193 (MCXCIII) was .




Sarah McLachlan

Sarah Ann McLachlan (born January 28, 1968) is a Canadian singer-songwriter who is known for her emotional music. She was adopted and raised in Halifax, Nova Scotia. She went to the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, then moved to Vancouver, British Columbia.

Her recording company, Nettwerk, released her first album in 1988. After recording several albums, she organized the all-female music festival Lilith Fair in 1997, 1998, and 1999. Some of the money made from these concerts went to women's charities. McLachlan received the Elizabeth Cady Stanton Visionary Award in 1998 for helping women's music.

She married her drummer, Ashwin Sood, in 1997. They have a daughter, India, born in 2002.

McLachlan has been written about in magazines such as Rolling Stone, Time, and Entertainment Weekly. She has won Grammy and Juno awards for her music.

She funds a Vancouver program that helps poor children learn music. She has played at charity concerts, such as for victims of the December 26, 2004 tsunami and at the 2005 Live 8 concert in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.

Some of McLachlan's best-known songs include "The Path of Thorns", "Into the Fire", "Possession", "Building a Mystery", "Sweet Surrender", "Adia", "Angel", and "World on Fire".

McLachlan stated music artists like Cowboy Junkies, Kate Bush, Tom Waits, 10,000 Maniacs, Sinéad O'Connor, Joni Mitchell, Peter Gabriel, Cocteau Twins, Daniel Lanois, Kate & Anna McGarrigle, Laura Nyro, Sandy Denny, Suzanne Vega, U2, Rickie Lee Jones, Stevie Nicks, Anne Murray, Jane Siberry and Bruce Cockburn as influences.

Albums with only new songs:

Live EPs (shorter albums) were released in 1992 and 2004.


Mark Twain

Samuel Langhorne Clemens (November 30, 1835 – April 21, 1910), more widely known as Mark Twain, was an American writer. He was born in Florida, Missouri. He worked mainly for newspapers and as a steamboat pilot on the Mississippi River before he became a writer. He married in 1870, and raised his family in Hartford, Connecticut. In later life he invested and lost the money that his writing had made, and toured the world giving lectures that brought him enough money to pay his debt and recover his fortune. 

Clemens was best known for his works in fiction, and especially for his use of humour. His first published story, in 1865, was "The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County."

"Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" is considered by many to be Clemens' best work. This story of a white boy who helps a black man escape slavery in the southern United States is known for its humanity.

Clemens's style was usually informal and humorous. This made him different from many important 19th century writers whose books he disliked. For example, he greatly disliked Jane Austen's works, such as "Sense and Sensibility" and "Pride and Prejudice", and famously remarked, "She makes me detest (hate) all her people, without reserve."

Actor Hal Holbrook played Mark Twain on stage in a one-man show called "Mark Twain Tonight".

Halley's Comet appeared in the sky during the year Twain was born and the year he died. This periodic comet comes back every 74 years, which is how long he lived.



Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the third book in the "Harry Potter" series by J. K. Rowling. The book was released on 8 July 1999. It covers Harry Potter's third year at Hogwarts. A movie based on the book was released on 31 May 2004. This is the only book where Lord Voldemort does not make an appearance.

After accidentally inflating his aunt Marge, Harry leaves the Dursleys, and catches a ride on the street on a magical bus called The Knight Bus. Before he begins his way back to Hogwarts, he learns of Sirius Black, a mass murderer, believed to have killed thirteen people with a single curse. Black has escaped from the wizard prison, Azkaban. Meanwhile, upon meeting the Weasleys, Harry learns that, despite accidentally using magic (which is illegal), he has not been expelled. Mr. Weasley tells Mrs. Weasley of Sirius Black's motive to kill Harry when Harry overhears this he is told not to go looking for Black. Later in the book, Harry soon realizes why. 

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is the fourth book in the "Harry Potter" series by J. K. Rowling. It was published on 8 July 2000. The original United Kingdom edition has 636 pages, and the US version has 734. It was made into a movie that was released in 2005.
Throughout the three previous novels in the "Harry Potter" series, the main character, Harry Potter struggled with the difficulties of growing up and the added challenge of being a famous wizard. When Harry was a baby, Lord Voldemort, the most powerful dark wizard in history, had Harry's parents killed and betrayed, but was mysteriously defeated after unsuccessfully trying to kill Harry, though his attempt left a lightning-shaped scar on Harry's forehead. On Harry's eleventh birthday, he learns he is a wizard from Rubeus Hagrid and enrols in Hogwarts, a school for witches and wizards. He befriends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger and confronts Lord Voldemort, who is trying to regain power.

The Weasleys invite Harry and Hermione Granger to the Quidditch World Cup, to which they travel using a Portkey, meeting Cedric Diggory, a Hufflepuff sixth-year, on the way. In the match, Ireland triumph over Bulgaria, despite the skill of Bulgaria's star seeker, Viktor Krum. After the match, men wearing the masks of Death Eaters, followers of Voldemort, attack the camp site, causing terror and abusing the Muggle campsite owners. The Dark Mark is fired into the sky, causing mass panic.

At Hogwarts, Professor Dumbledore announces that Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody will be the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher for the year. Dumbledore also announces that Hogwarts will host a revival of the Triwizard Tournament, in which a champion of Hogwarts will compete against champions from two other European wizarding schools: Beauxbatons Academy, and Durmstrang Institute. The champions are chosen by the Goblet of Fire from names dropped into it. Because Harry is under 17 (the age of majority in the wizarding world), he is not allowed to enter.

At Halloween, the Goblet of Fire picks Fleur Delacour from Beauxbatons Academy, Viktor Krum from Durmstrang Institute, and Cedric Diggory from Hogwarts to compete in the tournament. Unexpectedly, however, it also chooses Harry as a fourth champion. 

Despite champions not being allowed to know, Hagrid reveals to Harry that the first task is to get past a dragon. Harry struggles to think of a way past a dragon, until Moody suggests flying. Hermione helps him to perfect a Summoning Charm, which he uses to summon his Firebolt broomstick and fly past the dragon to retrieve a golden egg, receiving high marks from the judges. Harry's egg is supposed to contain a clue to the next task, but when opened it merely shrieks loudly. Later, Cedric tells Harry to take the egg into the bath in the prefects' bathroom to work out the clue.

Harry, Ron and Hermione secretly meet Sirius Black, Harry's godfather at Hogsmeade, who tells them that Barty Crouch was fanatical about catching dark wizards, often stooping to the same level to punish them. This culminated in Crouch sending his own son to Azkaban. His son later died there. Sirius suspects that someone is attempting to attack Harry through the Tournament and make it look like an accident. He suspects Karkaroff, who is a former Death Eater who walked free.

Harry takes the egg to the prefects' bathroom and listens to it underwater. There, the shrieks become the words of a song, which tells Harry that the task is to recover something dear to him from Merpeople at the bottom of the lake in the grounds.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione are unable to find a way to survive underwater for the second task. On the morning of the task, Dobby gives him some Gillyweed that he heard Moody and Professor Sprout talking about. The Gillyweed gives Harry flippers and gills and allows him to find Ron, the thing that is dear to him, at the bottom of the lake.

Harry prepares for the final task, a hedge maze filled with dangerous creatures and obstacles, the goal being to reach the Triwizard Cup at the centre. Helping each other, Harry and Cedric reach the Cup. They agree to touch it at the same time and become joint winners.

However, on touching it they discover that it is a Portkey that transports them to a graveyard. Wormtail appears, kills Cedric using Voldemort's wand, and ties up Harry. Wormtail uses Harry's blood, Tom Riddle Sr.'s bone, and his own hand to restore Lord Voldemort to a body. Harry escapes with Cedric's body to the Cup, which takes him back to Hogwarts.

Under the panic caused by his arrival, Moody takes a traumatised Harry to his office. He reveals himself to have been working with Voldemort the whole time as a 'faithful servant'. He explains that he put Harry's name into the Goblet of Fire and has been guiding him through the tournament to ensure he would touch the Cup first. As Moody prepares to kill Harry, Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall, and Snape intervene and stun Moody. Slowly, Moody changes appearance to become Barty Crouch Jr., the supposedly long-dead son of Barty Crouch Sr., who was using Polyjuice Potion to impersonate Moody.

Dumbledore announces Lord Voldemort's return to the school. However, many people, including Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge, refuse to believe it. Dumbledore puts his own anti-Voldemort plans into action.

Not wanting his tournament winnings, Harry gives all one thousand Galleons to Ron's older twin brothers, Fred and George to start their joke shop, and returns home with the Dursleys.

Crohn's disease

Crohn's disease is a disease that causes the intestines to become swollen. It is a type of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). The intestines may also develop ulcers. People with Crohn's disease often have pain in the stomach, diarrhea, vomiting, and weight loss. Crohn's can also cause skin rashes, arthritis, and swollen eyes. It is named after Burrill Bernard Crohn, who described cases in 1932. It was first
described by Giovanni Battista Morgagni (1682–1771) in the 18th century.

Nobody knows exactly what causes Crohn's disease. In the disease, the person's body attacks itself. The immune system attacks healthy parts of the digestive tract. This causes swelling in the digestive tract.

Though Crohn's is an immune-related disease, it is not an autoimmune disease (the immune system is not triggered by the body itself). The exact underlying immune problem is not clear. Crohn's disease seems to be connected to the person's genes. People whose brothers or sisters have the disease are the most likely to get it. Men and women can both be affected by Crohn's disease.

Managing Crohn's disease includes both lifestyle changes and various kind of medication. It is a chronic condition for which there is no cure. Certain parasitic intestinal worms appear to make the bowel less inflamed. It is supposed that the worms modify the immune reactions in the parts of the intestine where they live.

Alternative medicine of various kinds has been tried, with uncertain results.


Pet door

Pet doors, also known as cat doors, dog doors, doggie doors, or in the United Kingdom, cat flaps, are small doors for pets. They are usually built in regular doors, but can also be in windows or walls. They usually have the hinge on the top, with no latch, so the animal can push their way in and out. Newer models sometimes only let the pet go outside, but not inside. Others have a latch and something that can be put on the pet that makes the latch open when the pet gets close to the door. They are most commonly used for pet cats, but can also be used for dogs, miniature pigs, or other small pets.

The pet door was developed by Isaac Newton.

Mount Rainier

Mount Rainier (), known to Native Americans in the region as Tahoma, Tacoma, Tacobet, or təqʷubəʔ, is a large volcano in the Cascade Range of the Pacific Northwest located in Mount Rainier National Park about south of Seattle. Reaching to , it is the tallest mountain in the U.S. state of Washington and the Cascades.

Because it has a high risk of erupting in the future and is close to a high population, Mount Rainier is considered one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world and is listed as a Decade Volcano by the International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior. It hosts a large amount of glacial ice which could produce massive lahars (volcanic mudflows) that threaten the entire Puyallup River valley. According to the United States Geological Survey, "about 80,000 people and their homes are at risk in Mount Rainier's lahar-hazard zones."

Between 1950 and 2018, 439,460 people climbed Mount Rainier and 84 people are reported to have died in accidents on the volcano between 1947 and 2018.

Mount Rainier was known to the locally native Salish people as "Talol", "Tacoma", or "Tahoma". There are several theories about where the native name comes from, including it possibly meaning 'mother of waters' to the Puyallup Tribe, 'snow-covered mountain', or 'larger than Mount Baker'. Other names originally used include Tahoma, Tacobeh, and Pooskaus.

The current name was given by George Vancouver who named it after his friend, Rear Admiral Peter Rainier. The expedition in 1804-1806 called it "Mt. Regniere" even though Rainier had been the official name of the mountain. Theodore Winthrop in a travel book published after he died called the mountain Tacoma and for many years the two names were commonly used to refer to the mountain. Mount Tacoma was the preferred name in the nearby city of Tacoma.

In 1890, the United States Board on Geographic Names determined that the volcano would officially be known as Rainier. In 1897, the Pacific Forest Reserve, which included Mount Rainier, was renamed the Mount Rainier Forest Reserve and the national park, that it sits in, also named Mount Rainier was created three years later. A movement to change the mountain's name to Tacoma continues to exist. Congress considered changing the mountain's name in 1924 and after Alaska's Denali was officially changed from Mount McKinley in 2015 the debate was renewed.

Mount Rainier is the tallest mountain in Washington and the Cascade Range. It is located just east of Eatonville, to the southeast of Tacoma, and to the south of Seattle. Rainier has a topographic prominence of , which is greater than the prominence of the world's second-tallest mountain - K2. On clear days it dominates the horizon from most of the Seattle-Tacoma area so that most locals simply call it "the Mountain". On very clear days, it can be seen from as far away as Corvallis, Oregon and Victoria, British Columbia.

Mount Rainier has 26 major glaciers. In total, there are of permanent snow and glacial ice on the mountain making it the most heavily glaciated peak in the lower 48 states. At the top are two Volcanic craters, both more than in diameter. The east crater is larger and overlaps the western crater. Heat from the volcano keeps areas along the edge of the craters free of snow and ice and has created the world's largest glacier cave network inside the craters with almost of passages. A small crater lake that is about deep lies in the ice caves in the west crater and is the highest elevation lake in North America.

The Carbon, Puyallup, Mowich, Nisqually, and Cowlitz Rivers all begin on the slopes of Mount Rainier at the bottom of glaciers of that share their names with those of the rivers. The White River's water comes from three glaciers on the mountain. The White, Carbon, and Mowich all flow into the Puyallup River which ends at the Puget Sound in Tacoma. The Nisqually River empties into the Puget Sound near Lacey, Washington, and the Cowlitz flows to the Columbia River near Kelso, Washington.

Mount Rainier has a large summit area containing three peaks. The highest is called Columbia Crest followed by Point Success reaching and Liberty Cap which is above sea level and overlooks Liberty Ridge, the Sunset Amphitheater, and Wallis Wall. High on the east side of Mount Rainier is a rocky summit called Little Tahoma Peak. It is above sea level and is a remnant from when Mount Rainier was much taller. Most climbers don't climb to both Columbia Crest and Little Tahoma Peak in the same trip, so it is usually considered by them to be a separate peak.


Fort Knox

Fort Knox is an U.S. Army post in Kentucky. Named after Henry Knox, the fort is now the site of the U.S. Bullion Reservatory (where the United States keeps its gold). The fort's fortifications were built in 1862 during the American Civil War; however, after the war the camp became abandoned until 1917. 

It is named for Henry Knox, a general in the American Revolutionary War.

